  they 're a total joke , while nato actually had good success in ex-yugoslav republics . 
  and that 's the only 2 organizations that could pull off such thing . 
  there 's also usa , but that 's a country obviously . 
  the us work in iraq and afghanistan are , simply put , a giant mess . 
  oh right , i nearly forgot that there 's eu . 
  they can only do good economic trade deals and assist in fight against corruption with mixed success . 
  yeah , lenin was a that big of a giant cunt like stalin was . 
   putin just wants to grab his hands on ukraine and spread hate between the ethnicity . 
  and he 's not very successful . 
  there 's no real ethnic hatred in ukraine , with exception in crimea . 
  though that was russians going against tatars . 
  sadly for putin , ukraine is nowhere near to what yugoslavia was . 
  they do look very close to croatia , but still croatia looks slightly larger . 
  but eh , someone should take photoshop and combine the two and compare it with all 3 nations . 
  though , funnily , all 3 of them are more slavic then russians . 
  ah those silly mongols . 
  woops , fully forgot about it . 
  ok , i 've done survey now . 
  bosnian croats are more slavic then croatian croat ?!, 
  man , something is wrong here . 
  that 's why you make your horse archers follow you around and you circle around enemy . 
  hmh , check game control scheme cause i did n't remember what 's exact keyboard commands to be used . 
  it 's been a long while since i 've played the game . 
  uk could try and claim to get normandy back from france . 
  but its ' posted on 8th april . 
  no way croatia has that much immigrants !, 
  because they 're too lazy to move there , so want for russia to come to them instead . 
  operation was utterly rejected , as it was out of the question . 
  except for the churchill , that is . 
  then it 's an early april fools . 
  there 's 2 weeks difference between julian and georgian calendar . 
  well they have to recapture those buildings to restore peace and order . 
  does n't mean they 'll go in mass shooting spree like it happen in kiev . 
  but it 's russians who are truly oppressed !, 
  but it 's ukrainians that are truly anti-semitic here !, 
  my first reaction is someone in yugoslavia went full crazy . 
   well they tried to `` restore peace and order '' in kiev , but could not without shooting people . 
  except they totally failed at it . 
  over a 100 people got killed , president run away and new government was formed and still struggling to stabilize hugely destabilized country . 
  so yeah , that move was a total failure !, 
   what is the difference here ? 
  new kiev government has ethics and morals to not massacre it 's opposition . 
  as more successful , as kharkov government buildings siege was crushed without and single casualty for either side . 
   what happens if these protesters make their own barricades , own medieval weapons and everything and the police is unable to evacuate them unless they start using deadly force ? 
  there 's a lot of options for police to use without resorting to deadly force . 
  hell , they 're not under time limit here and besieged government buildings are getting very little support from their city population . 
  so they have no reason to rush and give reason for city residents to side with separatists , like yanukovich did give for euromaidan to go huge by trying to destroy dissent . 
  donetks and luhanks are near border with russia , hence why there 's lot of military activity near them . 
  however none is going into those cities , as police is only one dealing with the crisis in both cities . 
  does the decision matters beyond a symbolic victory ? 
  i feel so depressed that i 'm hoping for imf austerity to unleash into croatia . 
  government is fucking incompetent and dumb to cut smash down huge and absurd bureaucracy that aggressively destroy any jobs in private sector . 
  imf is only one that can force the issue , however they also wants to slash social benefits too . 
  which is a horrible thing . 
   no they do n't . 
  with svoboda and right sector being important parts of the government , i sincerely doubt it . 
  also , why would you assume that ? 
  right sector has no power in ukraine government and svoboda got slightly more power because it did had several seats in government already and were part of opposition . 
  so for stability , they had to got some extra power . 
  and so far , svoboda could n't do anything concrete despite that and their popularity as at all time low . 
   because they did not refuse to leave out and negotiate it , like it happened in kiev . 
  but what will happen once they get more hardcore ? 
  unless ukraine federalizes there 'll be more and more dissent in the east . 
  is there any solution to it ? 
  doubtful they 'll go more hardcore . 
  overwhelming majority of donetks and luhanks residents reject this government building sieges and their referendum . 
  residents there want federalization , not independence . 
  even less so become part of russia . 
  and intern president supports federalization idea . 
  so police has extra reasons not to risk a massacre by forcibly remove them . 
   why are they being called separatists ? 
  they are demanding autonomy not separation . 
  also , on what facts do you base your words in which you say that they get `` very little support from their city population '' because all the videos i 've seen show otherwise . 
  those besieging government buildings are seperatists . 
  residents of their cities do want federalization and autonomy , but not in a way those soviet nostalgic , afghan war vets and ex-berkut members are doing it . 
  and there 's barely over a 1000 protestors of city of nearly a million people , that 's pathetically low . 
  those major protests from few weeks ago were anti-euromaidan protests and against new kiev government . 
  besides this vocal minority that is besieging government buildings , none of them want to leave ukraine . 
  the fuck ?!, 
  private military contractors are a legal entity . 
  they ca n't be charged for terrorism , unless they actually commit act of terrorism . 
  mercenaries are a problematic thing , for sure . 
  but to be called terrorists is just uncalled for . 
  someone that causes violence and terror among civilians to push it 's political/ideological/religious / national agenda and/or encourages for such acts to happen . 
  well usa kinda did made an aggression against iraq and afghanistan . 
  that 's gon na upset people , ally or not . 
   under that , many soldiers , policemen , and mercenaries are terrorists if they are doing their job right and are pushing their national agendas . 
  unless they intentionally and directly cause violence and terror against civilians , it 's not terrorism . 
  i should have added that one originally, 
  man , people this days are too attached to dictionary . 
  intern president supports the idea of federalization on several interviews . 
  i do n't know about rest of the government though . 
  i only know svoboda party objects the idea . 
  plus , intern government most likely wo n't do federalization but wait until after next parliament elections , as they need to legitimize new kiev government first . 
  though to start next parliamentary elections , they need to first elect a president who 'll decide the date for early parliament elections . 
  which everyone hope will happen within this year , once president is elected next month hopefully ( unless russia invades or 2nd round voting becomes required ) . 
  game or organization ? 
  then again , answer would be a yes for both . 
  168 downvotes now . 
  handball game exists ?
