  bioware have yet follow suit on that . 
  a studio that developed and still supports a decently popular mmo is a b-team for you ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you kind lost any credibility you might have had . 
   andromeda definitely was n't great you have to admit that . 
  it 's one thing to say me : a is n't amazing , whole another thing me : a is terrible . 
   there 's a reason why montreal was liquidated shortly after it 's release, 
  bioware montreal still functions , it 's releasing patches , supports mp and released a few free minor dlc 's . 
   mass effect is dead on ice . 
  based on no facts . 
  and no , kotaku 's article has no credibility . 
   and montreal had the largest amount of newer staff who never actually made a full game in it 's entire existence , hence it 's the c-team . 
  you have a funny definition of what you 'd define a b or c team . 
   austin has the next highest concentration of skilled people , but does n't do cutting-edge work , or have as large a budget . 
  it is thus the b-team . 
  an mmo team . 
  has no large budget . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  what a joke . 
   of course montreal is basically dead now . 
  for a team that released 8 patches in 3 months ( to compare , me3 released 5 patches in 1 year yet still requires more patching ) and had released few free dlc 's , it sure does n't look dead to me . 
  it 's not dumped . 
  game is still being patched and getting free dlc 's . 
  well it depends if ea and bioware learned lessons from competition , in that case . 
   really honestly feels like the whole ` on ice ' decision was more down to the backlash & memes than actual sales figures at this point . 
  decision that was never proven to be made in first place . 
  as well people , remember dragon age 2 . 
  that game had a massive backlash , but it sold well and ea increased budget for development of da : i. 
  and da2 had 2 story dlc 's , 3rd one was cancelled in favour of dai development . 
  why would me : a , game that got 8 patches in first 3 months and a few free dlc 's , be put on `` ice '' because of online backlash ? 
  i mean , shit , me3 got far worse backlash over endings debacle . 
  only thing it happened was leviathan dlc being delayed by 2 months , in favour of free director 's cut dlc . 
  and we still got omega ( unfortunately ) and citadel dlc 's afterwards . 
  people should calm down and not take kotaku 's article as gospel . 
  especially since kotaku is not credible . 
  from all platforms combined . 
  if this data is accurate , that means me : a sold about 4 to 5 million copies on all platforms . 
  and ea said they are happy with me : a sales . 
  however do note me : a was heavily marketed for ps4 . 
  in same fashion microsoft got marketing deal with bioware on anthem , so did sony with me : a before . 
  as well there was a big migration of x360 owners towards ps4 , due to initial botched marketing and release of xbone . 
  so me : a could have easily sold way better on ps4 then on xbone . 
  no , ea expected for ds3 to sell 5 million copies . 
  since then , ea had reduce expectations for game sales . 
  with me : a , like you mention , ea expected 3 million copies to be sold . 
  and unlike with ds3 where ea was publicly unhappy , with me : a ea was publicly happy with sales figures . 
  so , really , financially me : a is a success and that 's the bottom line ea cares about the most . 
  except ea never said mass effect is put on ice . 
  instead ea said they 're happy with me : a sales . 
  and ea always , always , publicly admits poor or disappointing sales figures and that studio and franchise are getting an axe . 
  that did not happen with bioware montreal and mass effect , which leads me to think kotaku was lying for sake of clicks . 
   it 's not the sales , it is the reviews . 
  dragon age 2 happened , yet we still got story dlc 's from that game and da : i was developed with much bigger budget , despite the abysmal reception that game got . 
  da2 is the lowest point bioware gotten to , yet they only increased in size and budget since then . 
  why ? 
  because da2 still sold well enough to warrant dlc 's and a sequel . 
  and let 's not forget da2 came straight after da :o , that many people to this day still consider it a holy grail of western rpg 's . 
  i do n't think ea cares that much for reception if sales numbers are still good . 
  it only just means studio get 's a chance to correct mistakes for future title . 
  it 's not complicated to figure this out . 
   as someone who liked andromeda i am sad that the game got shelved, 
  but it was n't shelved . 
  they have no reason to answer to claims made by tabloids . 
  it was . 
  me3 had , and still has , much bigger technical issues . 
  yet people are not bothered with that , but are for me : a for some damn reason . 
  however do note people demanded open world from me games since me2 . 
  and now people want for it to stay as corridor shooter , how you describe it . 
  watch_dogs 2 a critical and marketing success . 
  titanfall 2 a critical success , not so financially mainly due to dumb release date with bf1 . 
  assassin 's creed is still a massive franchise , despite unity 's botched release . 
  so , kind of bad examples . 
  you 're kidding us ?!, 
  da2 is barely a playable game that is saved by good story , characters and fun moments in combat . 
  it is a incomplete game , with major bugs still plaguing the game to this day and it is graphically underwhelming even for it 's time . 
  me : a is a complete game , most major bugs already fixed , has great graphics thanks to frostbite , has fun and fluid combat and more . 
  to say me : a is worse da2 , is just objectively wrong . 
  also the reception that me : a got is nothing like what da2 . 
  i mean , did everyone forgot how hated that game was on release ? 
   not bad examples at all . 
  watchdogs 2 was criticallya success , but it did not sell anywhere near as many copies as part 1 . 
  you can look it up . 
  which ubisoft expected after watch-dogs 1 reception , so they lowered sales expectations . 
  and clearly it was n't a franchise killer , considering they risked with sequel that people liked . 
  almost as if you make money in first poorly received game , you can make amends in future title and put franchise back on right track . 
   again , i 'm not even talking about critical reception or reviews , just sales and so from that point of view , titanfall 2 failed . 
  the release date was a big factor , but bad word of mouth for the first one sure did n't help . 
  huh ? 
  where ? 
  everywhere i go , titanfall 2 is just loved and praised . 
  almost at the witcher 3 obnoxious level too . 
   assassin 's creed syndicate suffered greatly from unity . 
  it was a far better game apparently , but that did n't help it . 
  yet game was successful enough to warrant assassin 's creed origins . 
  so unity was not a franchise killer . 
   one bad game can effect an entire series . 
  it is very possible andromeda just set the franchise back several years and potentially just handicapped any next game . 
  none of your examples prove your point . 
  all of these games got sequels after few years of reasonable game development time table . 
  thing is , people have poor memories . 
  bioware did the exactly the same thing with me2 and me3 dlc 's development .
