  i got it once with ethiopia while still in classical age . 
  was playing america and flat destroyed his entire army and conquered one of his two cities . 
  he was afraid after that , but not for too long as he probably build one unit . 
  yeah , it 's first for me to even hear usa had battles post-war . 
  i thought only on eastern front , germans would still putting up last fight against soviets . 
  despite german capitulation . 
  perhaps guy was just misinformed or misinterpreted timeframe of his claim . 
  i mean what he said did happen often , but unlikely to also happen post-war . 
  awesome !, 
  though i do give them credit for uniqueness by being pro-israel . 
  `` the fairly accurate political colormap has created a rage among norwegian socialists and political correct who for decades has forged the political landscape . '', 
  either norwegian socialists are so easily pissed off or this anarchists are mistaking rage with loud laughing . 
  maybe that piece of shit game turning point : fall of liberty ? 
  i think they 're doing it to get extra views , due to whole nsa scandal , syria war and 9/11 memorial . 
  ai n't that the case with mainstream nwo belief that it 's run by evil socialists ? 
  well , it 's evil socialist commie nazi jew satanist reptilian aliens . 
  ugh , gon na have to download those pics and rotate them . 
  hmh , you 're actually right . 
  i completely forgot about it . 
  but then again , you 'll see only that from high position politicians that mainly hate muslims and israel is only there in middle east capable to fuck around with muslims and mostly get away with it . 
  heck , now also remember some congressman said that not supporting that israeli conservative prime minister , you 're anti-israel . 
  few days later , half of israel voted for his socialist opponent in parliamentary elections . 
  so by that congressman 's logic , half of israel is anti-israel . 
  that 's kind of a broad generalization of nationalism in europe . 
  i 'm nationalist myself and i 'm neither pro nor anti israel . 
  though i am pro-palestine , i am to extent of two-state solution . 
  no way both of those states can be fully independent at same time peacefully , however two-state solution would be compromise to ease ethnic and religious tensions . 
  otherwise , you 're pretty much correct . 
  i completely forgot that is far-right that is pro-israel ( mainly for being anti-muslim ) . 
  croatia not mentioned ? 
  good !, 
  - * goes back suppressing old bad memories * -, 
  that 's austria . 
  never heard of that one with obama . 
  well , maybe probably there were some ... ok , yes . 
  i 'm utterly confused . 
  do n't this kind of people already consider catholics evil and not actual christians ? 
  oleg , that was just foul . 
  / farts /, 
   it would just kill him to learn that scythians are classified as iranian . 
  make him learn , then . 
  that did n't work out for jews during third reich . 
  while that word is blatantly racist , why do blacks use that word to other blacks and it pretty much has whole different meaning ? 
  lol, 
  that makes sense , though word faggot was always an insult . 
  just before it was on annoying people demanding attention , then evolved into slurs against gays and now it 's becoming a new word of calling someone a pussy . 
  hmh , it 's embarrassingly from south park episode . 
  and i think i 've seen it in urban dictionary . 
  i stumbled upon it when seen people calling some youtube dramaqueen a fag , despite not being gay and i knew those who called him like that were pro-lgtb . 
  so , i could be easily hugely wrong . 
  which is funny since only protestant say such nonsense and they separated from catholics , like 1000 years after catholicism was formed . 
  so how the hell do they claim they 're true christians , since they separated from apparently not-christians . 
  hmh , now i feel quite embarrassed . 
  never mind me . 
  you wo n't fool me , turian !, 
  shit , that was the most disturbing small side quest i ever played . 
  well , you 're kinda exagi ... what the fuck is that site doing here ? 
  well he does live if you kill every single people you lied to him that spied on him . 
  so , just one person is enough to be reported then to be killed and he lives . 
  otherwise he get 's killed by you or city guard . 
   plus , ewww , who the hell wants to fuck a geth ? 
  quite a lot of people . 
  perfect . 
  hmh , pretty sure you do n't predict past . 
  lol, 
  sure , take their lands and abolish monarchy . 
  then see how your tourism takes a snow dive . 
  well , shit . 
  because france has lot more to show then their monarchy . 
  and a great summer beaches in warm mediterranean . 
  not saying uk does n't have other stuff to visit for , but their living monarchy is their biggest selling point for tourists . 
  be happy balkan badhistory-nationalism still did n't went pass paradox and total war forums , yet . 
  only thing i can find logical in that is like when germany invaded poland , france and uk were justified to declare war on germany to defend poland . 
  if he meant on nation states . 
  rest of the world also did n't got that memo until early stages of world war one . 
   no less in part to its extensive preservation of knowledge that would be ** destroyed upon the coming of the * mongols * in 1258 ** marking the end of abbasids . 
  r/india is right !, 
  wait , i thoug it was zeh joovs and muzlims that destroy teh glorious west ? 
  cause he 's brave !, 
   adolf hitler was raised by an anticlerical , sceptic father and a devout catholic mother . 
  baptized and confirmed as a child in austria , he ceased to participate in the sacraments after childhood . 
  in adulthood , hitler became disdainful of christianity , but in seeking out and in trying to retain power in germany , he was prepared to restrain his radical instincts out of political considerations . 
  oh look , first two damn sentences pretty much confirm what he says and that only because of wanting political power in germany , he restrained his non-christian beliefs to get power in christian dominated country . 
  did you even read what you linked ? 
  i 'm reading this for a while and everything is showing he 's anti-christian but was subtlety removing it from german populace , since that was out of the question to do same way as he did with the jews . 
  only thing correct you have , is that hitler never officially left catholic church and he did made some deals with vatican ( but he violated some of them later on ) . 
  that 's it . 
  though still have to read whole wiki article , which i 'll do pretty soon . 
  i was about to ask did catholic church really excommunicated martin luther king , then realized lack of `` king '' so it was that other significant martin luther . 
  yeah , cause german-french dominated frankish empire was so like european un ... wait , that actually sounds about right . 
  ] ( http://www.myinstants.com/instant/inception-button/ ), 
  well , i guess it would be nice change of trend over neo-nazis and confederates rants . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i 'm just speculating that might be the case . 
  maybe , but sure as hell still was n't the wake up call to modernize tactics . 
   bosnia 1995, 
  yeah , this event distracted me from playing civilization v. clearly a false flag made by poland to distract me from kicking turkish ass with ethiopia . 
  wait , guy listens to fox news yet he failed to hear their claims how europe is failing socialist anti-gun cease poll ? 
   crow to asia, 
  and why does kosovo is still kosovo ?
