  massive victory for rebellion and offensive is not even over !, 
  although i think it is foolish to attack and captured entire aleppo as next step , rebel leadership on ground know a lot more then any of us here . 
  considering it is a daylight , it looks like rebels are truly keeping up on media blackout . 
  yes , but no video nor photographic evidence until now . 
  this video confirms they did met few hours ago . 
  hezbollah was there , but in small in numbers . 
  there will be no genocide . 
  not sure is it smart , but it would create even bigger buffer zone to secure supply line towards eastern aleppo . 
  [ actually cement factory is still in regime hands ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/4whcka/correction_ramousa_cement_factory_is_still/ ) . 
  and this was same pro-rebel source to claim cement factory was in rebel hands . 
  that 's not gon na happen for long time . 
  sdf wo n't move at all once they consolidate manjib , as they 'll be resting their forces . 
  either repeat of last night 's news or this is a sizeable convoy . 
  footage is probably recorded yesterday as ramouseh today is in full rebel control . 
  impressive , but still no pictures of 20 tanks that rebels claimed to have captured as well . 
  so you laugh the fact site aggregates polling results from ... polls . 
  not really , it was rather balanced after idlib liberation and until russian intervention . 
  then it had become pro-regime echo chamber . 
  that 's a myth , isis was never able to fly those planes . 
  they had no mechanics nor pilots to run them , let along logistics and fuel . 
  only ivan talks about this , yet rebels are completely quiet of doing any continued attack since last night, 
  reality is that rebels are most likely consolidating gains and resting their troops until they continue the offensive . 
  azaz rebels and nsya only got token support from usaf . 
  usaf had overwhelmingly focused on giving air support to sdf . 
  hell , when nsya raid on isis failed it was due to usaf not launching an air strike like planned as usaf decided to bomb retreating isis forces in iraq . 
  that 's because there were no 80 svbied launched in aleppo !, 
  only 5 were proven to be launched . 
  because it is . 
  no fucking way would rebels ever agree to suffer heavy losses just to rescue 30 foreigners . 
  it took this long for pro-regime reporters to realize saa only holds couple of buildings in 1070 ? 
  better late then never , i guess . 
  i read the article , but what the hell is point of quoting an article for title instead of using article 's title ? 
  you mean it added to sensationalism . 
  ~ ~ no , i view you have consciously decided to sensationalise title of this article . ~ ~, 
  i need coffee . 
  so regime 's propaganda machine from last week is good for rebels . 
  15k actually . 
  10k mobilized troops have n't arrived to aleppo by the time siege was broken . 
  if it happens and they succeed , then rebels will have a ton of manpower free for other front . 
  especially since after aleppo , they 'd go after isis in aleppo to finish them off while taking back the shortest roads to turkish border . 
  [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/syria_rebel_obs/status/762015827864522752 ) is what i 'm talking about . 
  5k rebel troops were deployed on south aleppo front , while rest of 10k mobilized troops were still preparing to deploy there . 
  it was 1 month planned operation to break the siege , but rebels succeed their goal in just a single week . 
  this 10k will be fresh troops to attempt capture of aleppo city . 
  seriously ? 
  who 's bright idea was to house refugees so close to the warzone ? 
  especially since some believe rebels are spread thin with their aleppo campaign . 
  this minor victory proved rebels can still hold well in latakia and have enough troops to defend . 
  it was close , just by the fact there 's an active warzone in aleppo city . 
  they do n't . 
  rebels would never be able to capture artillerly base without fully or mostly controlling 1070 complex or ramoseh district . 
  and we know ramuseh district was captured after the base was in rebel hands . 
  there is no offensive in north aleppo ongoing . 
  this article is less constructive then tweeter posts . 
  because rebel commanders are like mini-bosses . 
  you ca n't kill them without first killing minions around them . 
  or , you know , reality does n't work like that . 
  there are no war crimes done by regime , nothing to see here . 
  bellingcat dared to compile evidence that russians shut down malaysian airliner over ukraine !, 
  ofcourse they 're just as biased as sputnik !, 
  because torture and rape are a very common occurrence in european prisons !, 
  openly racist guy in a company that pr 's itself to be very progressive . 
  lovely . 
  it was regime that started the war by mass shooting anti-government protestors . 
  so nothing has changed , as expected . 
  pretty sure assad is on that long list for icc . 
  what gibberish did i just read ? 
  this is rich coming from assad 's regime that has shia islamists militias fighting for him . 
  or just sunni islamists are bad ? 
  so apparently ex-kgb agents are also great military tacticians ? 
  human rights are for everyone , full stop . 
  i hope they 're ready for anything , afterall ukrainian troops were preparing for 1 year and half . 
  hvala . 
  separatista !, 
  you are a fool to think that . 
  trump is a complete outsider and he 's too egoistical and narcissistic to tow the us establishment line . 
  barrack obama kept 45 % of promises , while comprised on 25 % . 
  he broke the 22 % of promises . 
  [ politifact source ] ( http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/ ) . 
  so overall , he did pushed for changes and it was semi-successful . 
  plus , obama was hardly an outsider to democratic party . 
  he was part of democratic party apparatus since the mid 1990 's , hell he got elected as a senator in 1996 . 
  he was never deep in any political party until these republican primaries . 
  and it 's obvious he gives no damn for gop establishment and only his personal advisors can influence anything on him . 
  and considering his latest scandal of calling obama founder of isis , then double downing it as a sarcasm , then following up right after it actually was n't sarcasm and he actually thinks that , you can see even his pr campaign advisors can hardly influence him over his ego . 
  and they are regretting that decision now . 
  donald trump would have been demolished long ago if moderators were allowed to do their work . 
  fuj !, 
  she did visit moscow not long ago to meet putin . 
  oh and her vp choice supports assad and is milo\u0161evi\u0107 apologist . 
  so i would go with disturbing part . 
  boots on the ground , more then special forcers and advisors that is , would be a disaster . 
  but limited intervention similiar now in iraq would be good idea . 
  just trouble is sdf is too small , fsa rebels are not unifed ( although significant progress was made ) and assad 's regime is more responsible for isis rise then failed bush administration . 
  also assad being enemy to the western world and a massive war criminal , on top of that . 
  limited intervention should have happen back in 2011 , now things are much more complicated . 
  it 's worth repeating that as people here seem to delude themselves to think that turkey has removed it 's priority off assad 's removal from power . 
  de-escalating support for rebels is pretty much turkey conceding for assad to remain in power . 
  neither , turkey would escalate their support for rebels instead to take on regime that would be even more stretched thin . 
  then it would remain neither .
