every golden dawn member is insulted . 
  croats kinda did took responsibility on the whole holocaust and genocides mess during ww2 . 
  it is thought in history classes , politicians officially apologized for it several times , usta\u0161e are forbidden to have political activities along with other nazis and fascists and usta\u0161e symbols are forbidden to be worn along with nazi and fascist symbols . 
  what do you want more ? 
  all minorities have equal rights , in fact even more ( extra points for scholarship , social rights benefits ... ) . 
  awesome !, 
  any progress on it as of yet ? 
  man , i really wish to high five that guy one day . 
  just because mentioned countries are in communist rule , that does n't mean it 's entire population is also communist . 
  also north korea is n't communist since 2009 and has it 's own ideology . 
  funnily , nk banned any teachings of marxism as well . 
  putin does n't not approve of your gay flirts , obama . 
  bioware marketing department wrote that , not ea . 
  excuse me , but croats , bosniaks and serbs were never in war until early 20th century . 
  and very first war was n't even our call , since croats and bosniaks were under austro-hungary . 
  even then , tensions did n't start until kingdom of yugoslavia , when serbian crown wanted complete serbian dominance . 
  or just an old hag . 
  better late than never . 
  is that why there 's no legion ? 
  that has to be the worst use of `` nazis did it '' argument i have ever seen . 
  and man , that 's no easy task . 
  due to increased spending on social programs and cutting military budget , there 's not enough money for ammo . 
  thanks obama . 
  wow . 
  radicals are getting dumber and dumber . 
  i mean , what normal human behaves like that in public to others ? 
  unless it 's acting . 
  i doubt this ... human , was acting there . 
  man my hope for humanity is getting lover and lower every day . 
  at least it 's a entertaining sitcom to watch . 
  nice work . 
  i hope they arrest the bastard . 
  he should face justice . 
  do n't give him opportunity to die as some anti-hero . 
  yeeeeeeeeaaaaah , they still did n't shut up . 
  i wish he 's rejecting that failure of war . 
  yeah , we lgtb supporters really need to act like this . 
  we would get so far and be taken seriously . 
  that 's nice , they returned slavery before they let catholics in . 
  and that 's after us federal government tells them to . 
  well , that changes things a little bit . 
  just like microsoft questions your existence to live in urban us , it also questions your existence outside usa . 
  was this an import from eu3 to v2 and eu3 save was modded ? 
  though both stories were equally retarded . 
  which are only rednecks . 
  every other american was borderline a saint , while it 's well known even the most patriotic and blinded by idea jingoist american would bash on them . 
  unless redneck himself or herself . 
  also , rednecks did n't commit any mass genocide on anyone unlike koreans , in that game . 
  how are they worse then koreans ? 
  sure they were assholes and sadist , but not close to korean atrocity in game . 
  besides , they were just lucky to guess kim 's death . 
  also , gas prices are higher then those in game , yet economy still has n't collapse . 
  scotland in mah balkans ? 
  i just love this irony . 
  lol !, 
  cover looks horrendous . 
  so many badly drawn character mashed in small cover . 
  lol , i want to see them try, 
  either get some clothes on or that is a figure of speech . 
  well , talk about forced homage . 
  they had to put way less characters in that for it to work . 
  otherwise , it 's just halfassed . 
  and dark horse faildrawing is n't helping . 
  `` when you press a button , something awesome has to happen '' fits here ? 
  well , hold button . 
  this is deadly correct for italy , balkans and eastern europe . 
  who in their right mind would create such armor for anyone ? 
  it looks like a joke and has no camouflage use . 
  daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw !!, 
  and yet , even scottish coach thought croatia will dominate . 
  `` or probably a mass effect fan . 
  put it on terrorist watchlist , anyway . '', 
  well , let 's not deny dog 's wish . 
  last time i checked , microsoft is doing very little to pc gaming and what is doing is crap . 
  our games may run on their system , but that 's about it . 
  they only put foundation for others to create greatness of pc gaming , while in mean time giving a middle finger to pc gaming with it 's xbox . 
  iraq , what ` ya doing ? 
  same reason why ea won the worst company of america award twice , despite like several corporations and banks were on the list that ruined world economy for own personal greed . 
  oh thank god , for the moment i thought it was republic commando 2 and i 'd be pissed if not on pc with windows 7 . 
  then i enlarge picture and see it 's halo . 
  no longer give a damn . 
  nsa : well , let 's just be careful for germans not to try for fourth reich . 
  shit , i ca n't believe i grew to like that asshole . 
  damn you show . 
  stop playing with my feelings . 
  i get it people . 
  i made a bad joke . 
  well , he sure is a complex character . 
  i have to admit , it took me a minute to get the joke . 
  kako to ? 
  pa zadnji put kada je sad vidio rat na svom teritoriju je bio 1941 . na pearl harboru . 
  jesus , this is even worse alliance clusterfuck then from actual ww1 !, 
  so real guns that can kill people get the pass , yet food shaped like gun do n't ? 
  the fuck ` murica ? 
  `` pirate robot '', 
  lmao !, 
  best thing ever !, 
  yet , 2nd amendment is n't even touched while hugely important ones are being destroyed . 
  i get the feeling that whole 2nd amendment thing is nothing more then distraction and illusion of protecting freedom . 
  well , they are all identical twins anyway .
