  george lucas would better then most bethesda writers , really . 
  however , many pessimists are self-declared realists so it makes lines between the two very blurry in practice . 
  busted !, 
  thing is , in past modern war battles where thousands were killed there were at least 10 times more troops and battles lasted for days , weeks and even months . 
  and i mean battles , not in a overall offensive . 
  in syrian civil war all factions are very limited with their capabilities , hence 100 people being killed is considered a bloody battle . 
  i doubt isis will be capable to do anything in libya . 
  both rebels and government are far more capable to contain isis then it 's syrian counterparts . 
  and both sides are capable to sit down and have meaningful peace negotiations . 
  ea does n't screw up all the time . 
  in fact , ea does n't screw up as much as many people here like to act it does . 
  yes ? 
  two in fact . 
  government that western powers had supported when they overthrown gadaffi and second government is rebel one that are mostly former gadaffi loyalists . 
   do you have any video proof of this elderly bernie supporter ? 
  i remember seeing his earlier campaign videos and most of his supporters at rallies were elderly folk . 
  what makes 21st century so special ? 
  syria is in chaos for past 5 years . 
  the fact that fukushima nuclear powerplant needed to be hit by both earthquake and tsunami at same time and still not having a a complete meltdown , only shows how very resilient nuclear powerplants are . 
  and that one is made from 1960 's technology !, 
  modern nuclear powerplants would be capable to sustain a lot more without melting down . 
  and majority of world does n't suffer heavy earthquakes nor tsunamis , especially at same time . 
  but at same time that 2011 earthquake and tsunami was the worst hit in japanese history , in fact 4th worst in world history . 
  over 15,000 people have died , over 6,000 injured and still over 2,000 missing . 
  powerplant meltdown disaster is almost minor compared to mother nature in cassulties caused . 
  and when they built the powerplant , they did n't expected such extreme natural disaster . 
  something that can be corrected with a modern nuclear powerplant . 
  meanwhile ukraine is full of people with a grin on their faces . 
  canadian single payer healthcare is inferior to universal healthcare system in most european countries . 
  in fact uk has one of the worst healthcare systems in eu , despite having single payer healthcare . 
  you americans should just stop praising single payer , it 's not that good as you imagine it to be . 
  i 'm not american . 
  he does actually . 
  does n't the hobbit trilogy count ? 
   all of the secondary characters were really well done in this movie , except maybe r2 . 
  well r2 did nothing until very end of the movie , though . 
  meanwhile germany used mighty horses and mules !, 
   there 's an alternate history novel out there about what if the united states simply dropped the atom bombs off the coast of tokyo ? 
  a sufficiently impressive show of force to shock the japanese government into surrender, 
  that 's wishful thinking at best !, 
  japan was still unwilling to surrender unconditionally after first bomb fell , hence nagasaki was bombed after . 
  you also have to realize usa only developed 3 nukes in 1945 , 1 of which was tested in new mexico desert before other 2 went for japan . 
  usa could n't simply waste a nuke for mere show of force and hope it would make japan surrender already . 
   and arbitrary bombings with indifference towards civilian casualties in asia would n't end with world war ii . 
  hiroshima and nagasaki were major industrial and coastal cities in japan , they were hardly arbitrary targets . 
  yeah , he 's alive and we ... ok , just alive . 
  you ca n't change hair color . 
   international recognition of the crimean operation ? 
  that will happen never . 
  any new anti-corruption force will make wonders , it will just take a year or two before first major blows are made . 
  just look at croatia and now even recently serbia . 
  once real anti-corruption reforms were made , couple of years after first heavy fishes were taken down . 
  so those in that case they are escorted out by a female bartender ? 
  that 's nice of kosovo . 
  the truth is somewhere in between . 
  how 's helping rebels fighting regime that had caused more deaths and damage to syria then anyone else combined an evil act ? 
  nobody is perfect , but i doubt he has skeletons behind his closet . 
  this is terrible . 
  how the hell can rebel recover for such massive losses ? 
  a week ? 
  entire shitstorm was heavily active for whole month and only reason why it calmed down is because most people just stop caring and moved on to other games . 
  thing is overkill planned this out well , as this disastrous decision came close to autumn and winter sales so whole new playerbase is replacing old one . 
  russia is very regressive with putin 's regime . 
  it should n't be a surprise really . 
  that 's because palpatine was faking it being defeated so he could turn anakin to the dark side . 
  in season 4 . 
  truth is , it 's a failure of george lucas directing in cgi heavy environment that had cause actors to not act naturally . 
  jj abrams knows how to direct in such scenario , hence it worked for tfa but not for the prequels . 
  source . 
  it 's almost like you know my hobbies , lord vader . 
  well she was marketed , put on official movie posters and will be in next two movies in trilogy . 
  so yeah , there is an incentive to do something big for her . 
  yes . 
  but does it rhyme ? 
  well japan was losing war in china before us started to go on offensive against them . 
  simply put , even a heavily divided china was too big for japan to conquer and occupy . 
  japan 's imperial ambitious were too big for it 's own good overall . 
  sw rebels however had a much better start then sw clone wars did . 
  and so far it 's getting towards very good direction . 
  i 'm pleased with what we might see in second half of season 2 . 
  there 's no architecture in croatia that would fit naboo 's architecture . 
  so it will be new planet . 
  their nose is similar too , but that 's about it . 
  well syrian rebels were faring very well against regime 's army , until russians intervened . 
  we might actually walk out of this with a medal . 
  ... shame i 'm unable to watch any of these games as i 'm working . 
   i wonder if these people realize that , if stalin was as bad as hitler , there would n't actually be an east germany . 
  just new russia , where slav supermen preside over the small remaining minority of germans as slave labor in an agrarian paradise . 
  basically antebellum dixie in europe , with more genocide . 
  no , but he sure as hell did something similar in ukraine and baltic countries . 
  entire eastern europe would disagree . 
  bioware is too greedy to allow that . 
  good luck with that all that , we really need for youtube to have a competition . 
  would be interesting to see messi in one of those two clubs . 
  well , him anywhere out of barcelona and la liga would be very interesting to see really . 
  i misread it `` she '' with a `` he '' . 
  that is outright false . 
  revolutions are usually successful , it 's just that they never go without major issues until revolutions goals are finally put in place . 
  thank god un committee holds no authority . 
   this was n't a blowout or one sided like the republican side,
