  and there was no violent incident like this until yesterday . 
  well even if the west does n't care , it is still in ukraine 's interest to contain them . 
  this sort of actions are pretty much treasonous . 
  group b is an utter chaos . 
   that the assad regime/state has the best chance of giving some kind of stability to the country post-conflict, 
  so regime responsible for the whole instability and civil war , is the best one to keep stability post-war ? 
  azov battalion is surprisingly very multicultural . 
  stannis , what are you doing here ? 
  oh , that 's right , i hate every damn bolton even down to the lowliest soldier . 
  at least they 're objective with whole palestine and israel conflict ? 
  lol, 
  with what technology ? 
  holy shit , he 's about as tall as me !, 
   saa to fight in as they ca n't bring their advantage in tanks, 
  i do n't think `` saa '' and `` advantage in tanks '' can go together . 
   am i the only one who finds it absolutely heartbreaking that we 'll probably never know anything about most of these places ? 
  there can always be extender universe type work of fictions in future . 
   i think this is the first time in the history of film that someone said that cage was good . 
  nicholas cage is a good actor , though due to his financial troubles he went to act for a lot of terrible to mediocre movies for every possible paycheck he can get . 
  he just overacted the shit out of these movies to make dull and bad scripts somewhat interesting . 
  indeed , even if the biggest pessimists ( or optimists depending on which side you 're on ) are correct ukraine will never get donbas back , it is still better off for ukraine to maintain conflict there . 
  otherwise , russia will be able to focus on creating new conflict in kharkov and other eastern ukraine regions . 
  ukraine simply can not risk peace without getting donetsk and luhansk back , as russia is utterly untrustworthy to keep it 's end of the bargain . 
   the right sector overestimates the popularity it has with the ukrainian people . 
  i do n't know how that did n't sinked in with them after their parliamentary elections flop . 
  and neither can russia can fuel this proxy conflict forever . 
  ukraine might be in weaker position military , but russia is one on offensive and has no real international support . 
  and while both countries have shit economy , ukraine is one willing to pull necessary economical reforms ( very slowly , but it 's happening ) and has some economical aid from western powers . 
  russia only has pat on the back from north korea and venezuela , while china is simply exploiting what it can . 
  basically , this stagnating ( not frozen ) conflict is not going to favor to russia as ukraine is showing no signs to give up . 
   russia can support dnr/lnr for years , for comparison the ussr and china supported north vietnam against france and usa for near two decades in a much hotter war . 
  russia is nowhere near like ussr , as well there 's no china in this . 
   but russia does n't have to go on the offensive , if just has to prevent ukraine from reclaiming its land . 
  it needs to , as frozen conflict has not been achieved while ukraine is slowly building new military force and getting it 's act together economically wise . 
   ukraine has not made any temporary war economy reforms . 
  there is no central war planning department that commands the economy for the war effort . 
  also even if ukraine did n't have to deal with planning a economy for war , greece has shown eu economic policies contracts industrial capacity . 
  war economy reforms would be a terrible idea as it would kill whole point of maidan revolution as well unnecessary as only parts of the country are in war . 
   but ukraine shows not signs of being willing to gear up for war . 
  except it 's building more modern tanks , armored vehicles and training new military units with major help of nato trainers . 
  [ ] ( #s `` hound is dead , '' ) [ ] ( #g `` but the gravedigger lives on so that hound can return back to the living ! '' ), 
  unlikely , poljud stadium was banned to be used for remaining qualification matches ( only one home match left against malta while one more home match possible if go to additional qualifications in a case croatia drops to third spot in group ) . 
  2 guys draw a swastika on on pitch without anyone noticing , including uefa delegates , days before game starts in split without any fans being allowed = near riots and complete security failure that had left few albanian players injured in belgrade , as well home fans chanting racist and genocidal chants whole game, 
  because this is sort of arbitrary standard you 're proposing . 
  swastika being drawn on croatian football pitch had happen before ? 
  croatian fa is doing everything possible to prevent this , yet these hooligans always find some another creative way to fuck shit up . 
  and this is hooligans goal , as they want to expel croatian nt from major tournament because they think this would force croatian fa leadership to resign from their position . 
  so this punishments do n't make a goddamn sense as a punished party is doing everything it can to stop actual offenders who want for this punishments to keep getting worse . 
  it makes no practical sense . 
  you mean two guys that did n't took part of the match itself ? 
  hell , as far as we know , we do n't even know those two guys are croats at all . 
  we only know two masked unknown men done this . 
  your flair checks out . 
  well by this point , they can start . 
   and mcclaren then ? 
  good times !, 
   capello at least avenged the croatia debacles . 
  aaaaaaand i 'm depressed again . 
  food ? 
  you must really hate the regime if you would want to defect to such place . 
  i 'm sure you can take on italy . 
  i mean , sure italy will hate you guys for whole generation , but you can take them out of world cup . 
  oh you motherhumper , i do n't want for croatia to crush iceland 's dreams again . 
  nope , have n't seen it . 
  but it does sounds like it was a very friendly atmosphere at that match . 
   that group i , with all 5 able to go 1st to 5th . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  croatia and iceland will be ones fighting for 1st spot , with maybe turkey taking 2nd spot from one of those two . 
  gibraltar is part of uefa , but not fifa . 
   we have previously shot down us and turkish drones in lattakia . 
  that is no achievement . 
  drones are very easy to be taken down . 
  well that explains why van crashes all the time . 
  and yet he did n't do it . 
  so much for fair play mentality . 
  awesome !, 
  well this is a pointless thread . 
  how much forces did isis lost there ? 
   a quick glance at history shows the turks and kurds closely cooperating during the armenian genocide . 
  that was the one time they should n't have had cooperate . 
  sounds serbo-croatian . 
  it would be babi\u0107 then . 
   i forgave jamie for pushing bran out of the tower, 
  what did he do to forgive him for it ? 
  sure he grown to be a very likable character , but he did nothing to be forgiven for that act . 
  why the hell would us give such ultimatum to rebels ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , it 's due to old croatian pagan origins that it 's there . 
  thank you . 
  oh i hope so . 
  second half of last season with atletico was really miserable for mario and killed his self-confidence . 
  i want to see him back to his destruction mode . 
  bill at least has charisma and some sense of humor . 
  wolf ? 
  computers have more emotions then him . 
   they also think mh17 was downed by nazi junta . 
  well plane was taken down by a junta , i.e. 
  pro-russian paramilitary forces . 
  though they also have nazis too , not much more significant then what ukraine 's forces have and there 's nothing to even suggest pro-russian nazis took part of shooting down that airliner . 
  but they 're correct on junta part . 
  write `` zlatan gol '' with next golden goal you see and upload .
