  there 's a lot of croat immigrants in australia and attack of serb gravestones along with russian ones is too convenient . 
  likely to show show support for ukraine . 
  croatia was in very similiar situation 20 years ago , where ukraine is now . 
  as well russians always supported serbs , so there 's that dislike too . 
  while most immigrants did went here to get away from conflict , some still hold a grudge . 
  and some children of immigrants also get affected by stories from croatia from their parents stories and from news . 
  while they remain as a minority , of the minority , they still do exist . 
  but that 's just my speculation . 
  if australian ultranationalist did this over mh-17 being shot down , why would they also go for serbian gravestones as well ? 
  and to claim russians did this as a `` false flag '' provocation is bordering with conspiracy theories claim . 
  so what you 're saying to me is that i suck at this game ? 
  wrong war . 
  it 's all about the symbolic gesture . 
  i hope ukraine takes lessons from croatian prime minister ra\u010dan on dealing with militants . 
  sadly , ca n't find any specifics on internet and i was too young to remember what he done during his rule . 
  all i know is he worked with un on promoting and coordinating a program to get people to surrender their weapons and ammo without getting into any legal trouble ( policy for that is still put in practice ) , enforced more democratic policies for the country and smartly de-tu\u0111minized the society ( tu\u0111man , first croatian president , was highly autocratic , had spread corruption , violated many human rights and promoted cult personality ) . 
  croatia big and stronk !, 
  they should also demand poroshenko to resign for shaking hands with putin . 
  oh come on , it 's just a typical gesture you do when meeting , or ending a meeting , with someone . 
   there is also the possibility that they are just very stupid . 
  or very young and ignorant . 
   regardless of the moral judgment of putin 's action he knows how to use white gloves and cover his tracks . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  oh that 's a good joke to end my night before sleep . 
  yeah , no , not related to whole ukraine war situation where he completely failed to cover his track . 
  i just followed germoney 's script , ok . 
  free scotland for greater ~ ~ serbia ~ ~ england !, 
   i thought you peed your pyjamas, 
  i had to replace them . 
  embarrassing , really . 
  lol, 
  in other words , it makes it a joke . 
  but majority of characters do n't want to have romance with you . 
   please , vote against these people in the next midterms . 
  you just had those midterms . 
  da rade privatno , ne bi bio problem . 
   had the russians not been on the allies side , even if they remained neutral , the allies probably would have lost the war . 
  nonsense . 
  even without ussr , allies still had lot more manpower and 10 times bigger industry then nazi germany at it 's peak . 
  effects that ussr resulted in it 's joining ( though they did n't join , they were invaded as hitler always wanted to take out ussr ) , is that it made the war shorter by couple of years , it was n't the british , americans , french , belgians and dutch to suffer 10 's of millions of lives and for france , belgium , netherlands and western germany to be completely destroyed by modern total war . 
  what does china has to do with that ? 
  any link for that story ? 
   is that not true ? 
  from the english translation :, 
    since the beginning of the international tribunal in 1993 were subjected to criminal prosecution of 155 people , of which 103 - persons of serb origin, 
   wikipedia has slightly different figures , but the indictees are overwhelmingly serbian . 
  perhaps because of massive war crimes serbs committed over croatia and bosnia in 1990 's ? 
  because you can post it on your facebook , duh . 
  well the title of thread is rather misleading . 
  well , confusing more accurately . 
  at first it sounds like ukraine people have 90 % approval of russian government . 
  it just sounded so much wrong . 
  i did said on first look . 
  it took me few times to read the title to get what it means . 
  where did you get the idea he given 100 % pass to germans ? 
  but would n't the most frenchest guy be on strike ? 
  but , but , but , ukip is a moderate centrist party !, 
  * sees crimea part of russia *, 
  * removes my upvote *, 
   honestly i think we are done with crimea, 
  that 's still too early to call on that . 
   love communism, 
  communism , socialism and any other form of marxist ideas are banned in north korea for past couple of decades . 
   `` sanctions on cuba for 50 years have n't worked , so let 's put sanctions on russia and see if those work ! '', 
  well this is different situation . 
  russia only needs to back off ukraine and sanctions will be gone . 
  and russian ca n't wage a war with economy collapsing , while cuba never had intention to expand anywhere . 
  elaborate ? 
  glorious communist isolationism ? 
  oh they want it , without realizing it . 
  when they were under ukraine , they had bunch of benefits and were n't ruled by mass murdering and ethnic cleansing mobsters . 
  pope francis i has called a holy crusade for mars . 
  sure it will make it easier and faster , but iraqis and kurds have to be capable to defend their country by themselves otherwise they 'll be too dependent on us interventions . 
  which will only continue the massive corruption in their military and lack of any national unity for people to defend their country as a whole . 
  and usa remaining there hurts it 's economy ( and economy of world ) while iraq ( and afghanistan ) looking like a puppet state of american empire in eyes of middle easterners will only continue instability in the region . 
  isis has a massive intelligence network all over iraq . 
  they most likely knew us soldiers were there . 
  but they got seriously too cocky and thought they 'd win or inflict massive casualties on us force . 
  oh boy did they failed . 
   no technically , yugoslavia was third world because they were non aligned and cuba was second world but to being pushed under the ussr 's umbrella . 
  i think he was talking about economical standards , not cold war alignments standards . 
  what , it 's not in disaster for past months ? 
   croats committed genocide as well, 
  that is an absolute lie . 
  that was a spanish thing , not from any pope . 
  last week . 
  what people ? 
  only people i heard saying that are on reddit and handful of politicians , `` experts '' and experts in some media outlets . 
  thankfully , only casualties were children drawings . 
  i can safely say no . 
   but he was stupid , tried to make russia catholic, 
  damn heretics , refusing to accept one true faith . 
  and japanese government did n't pressured sony to do this at all . 
  if north korea was ready to use nukes for simple insults from private made movies , we 'd have nukes launched from nk decades ago . 
  wait , did n't putin cancel the whole south stream project ? 
   if it transpires we were more advanced than ** the dark ages **, 
  no , no !, 
   and the rest of christianity is tiny little splinter groups . 
  reddit yet again does n't recognize existence of eastern orthodox church . 
  most of the fortune catholic church has is counted in vatican temples and holy artifacts .
