  that 's the treasonous shit we should care about , not this disgusting kink he has . 
  ** paul ryan ** : i just sentenced around 30,000 americans to their deaths just for this year . 
  not really , no . 
  what she did with greece , italy , ukraine and syria is utterly unforgivable . 
  to small backwards failed states , i might add . 
  it 's basically a system to reward the uneducated incompetent stupid people who do n't want to pay their taxes . 
   fascism to them means an enemy not an ideology . 
  are we talking about americans or russians here ? 
  also pope is , obviously , the catholic . 
  and american protestants generally and historically hate catholicism and the vatican . 
  only reason why he conceded the defeat by the end is because sengal threatened with military intervention if he does n't step down and in fact had entered gambia 2 days ago . 
  because sengal military outnumbers gambia 's military 10 to 1 , previously loyal to ex-president military leadership gave public support to newly elected president . 
  trump , in other hand , is now in charge of the world 's biggest and the most powerful military force in entire human history . 
  if trump ai n't impeached and sacked by senate , he will have 4 years of time to potentially put political loyalist in charge of military command over that time . 
  that is dictatorship 101 , put political loyalist in command of military regardless of any military qualifications and experience . 
  then it would be truly fucked . 
  2nd amendment defenders had shown their true colours . 
  they never cared for 1st amendment in first place , only for their guns . 
  these people would welcome dictatorship as long as it is their guy and let 's them have guns . 
  freedom was never protected by the common people having mass amount of arms . 
  nazi germany and soviet union citizens were allowed to have guns freely under basic gun regulations . 
  those totalitarian regimes knew that people with guns alone would never be able to rise up against them , in fact gun nuts generally support these types of regimes . 
  tito also at least organized a very successful and a massive guerilla warfare campaign against nazi germany , it 's axis allies and collaborator regimes . 
  nor did he allowed yugoslavia to becomes soviet puppet state . 
  i have a lot more negative to say about tito then positives , but tito earned his popularity and fame domestically and internationally . 
  he actually did good things before turning evil , unlike trump and chavez who were evil from the start and did nothing to deserve their positions in power . 
  which would cause war with not just iraq , but iran who is now de-facto military ally with iraq and potentially china who 's corporations own majority of iraqi oil . 
  well actually it was because germans in holy roman empire considered themselves a true successors of the roman empire , even though they were neither roman , nor an empire and especially not holy . 
  i mean , hell , they want to war against the pope a few times before outright abandoning the papacy with protestant movement . 
  the papacy also consider themselves , technically still do today , as true successors of the roman empire . 
  just nobody else recognizes that . 
  no , not really , he is a tool who only cares for the ratings . 
  if he cared about his supposed agenda , he would n't have allowed to cnn to cover clinton 's email non-scandal , let alone cover about as much if not more then fox news . 
  cnn contributed a lot to smear clinton , just for sake of ratings . 
  overwhelming majority of bernie voters voted for clinton . 
  while johnson and stein did not get any unpredicted bump , in fact johnson outright hugely underperformed . 
  really what happened is democrats won majority , but in wrong states . 
  and in states they lost , they lost thanks to republican legislators barred 10 's of thousands of voters that likely would have have clinton an electoral college victory . 
  those people will never take liberals seriously , never as good people , never would comprise on anything even for comment interests . 
  so why should liberals bother with those people anymore ? 
  they shown their true colours of willing to vote for a wanna-be dictator with corrupt and criminal history . 
  they can go to hell where they belong , as far as i personally care . 
  i have zero sympathy for their suffering , because they are solely responsible for their problems . 
  neither should anyone else be sympathetic for them , these vile evil people will just spit on you for trying to help them . 
  so yes , these people are vile and evil and nobody should bother to go and outreach for them . 
  they do n't want it anyway , so let 's give them their wish and let them suffer for it . 
   the cia hired the mujaheddin to fight against the secular , left-wing government in afghanistan , and look at the hits that keep coming from that debacle . 
  let 's not ignore the fact left wing secular government was first overthrown by soviet union because previous dictator refused to be any more a soviet puppet as he seen writing on the wall ussr was collapsing . 
  soviets responded with military invasion , assassinated afghani dictator and replaced him with their new puppet . 
  with that act , entire afghanistan revolted . 
  including left wing secularists and large parts of military , as they started to fight against soviet invasion . 
  mihajeddin was in fact a loose alliance of many rebel groups , raging from islamist radicals , islamic democrats and left wing secular . 
  cia simply gave them weapons to shot down soviet helicopters to deny soviet invaders their major advantage in that war . 
  once soviets were kicked out of afghanistan , pakistani isi ( basically pakistani 's cia , only rogue and too powerful for pakistani government to take them down ) started to fund groups that eventually became talibans and started a civil war in afghanistan that still goes on to this day . 
  cia was the least responsible for situation in afghanistan today , soviet union and pakistani isi are far more to be blamed . 
  i do n't see that possible , iran wants middle east for itself too . 
  and iran is one of only two allies russia has , other one is assad 's syria that is completely destroyed by the civil war assad caused himself . 
  then there 's also turkey and saudi arabia also competing for who get 's to rule what in middle east . 
  to make it look as if it will be us and russia divide is just flat out wrong and it will cause even more problems to middle east . 
  although both trump and putin are very short sighted . 
  to go further , conspiracy theories should really be called conspiracy hypothesis . 
  theories in scientific terms are facts , which is not the case with what we view term conspiracy theories which are just hypothesises with little to no evidences to support them . 
  social christians do not give two shits about actual religious and spiritualist aspects of christianity . 
  social christianity , this is especially true among evangelicals , is nothing but a toxic self-destructive self-serving judgemental hateful and spiteful society . 
  you do realize up until reagan , california was a swing state ? 
  it was until post-reagan republican party that started to become hugely partisan , did california started to turn firmly democrat . 
  hell , fucking new york used to be a swing state until same shit . 
  it is completely and utterly fault of republicans they lost california and new york . 
  and to say that california should n't decide who wins presidency is an outright spit to the face of democracy . 
  so 3,5 million people swing are worth far less then 80,000 people of pennsylvania and florida ? 
  20,000 swing of michigan and wisconsin ? 
  why do those 4 states matter far more then california ? 
  are n't californians americans too ? 
  are n't they part of the union ? 
  why do their votes matter less then , especially since they contribute far more to the union in taxes alone then any other state ? 
  also the whole ec system was designed so that boston and new york city do n't dominate in early years of usa , because those two cities combined had 2/3 of entire us population . 
  but today it is different , there are a lot of cities today . 
  and if you count only cities with 1 million population or more , they 'd combined up to 1/3 of us population . 
  major cities do n't dominate like they did in start of us , so this ec policy is completely obsolete ever since post-industrial age america , let alone 21st century america . 
  founding fathers were wise , yes . 
  but they made decisions based on realities of their time , not of modern time . 
  hell , did n't jefferson wanted for us constitution to be completely revised every 20 years ?!, 
  nobody listened to that bit of wisdom , now ? 
  i was n't aware of that one , actually . 
   well lots of people are angry for being ignored year after year . 
  do n't forget that 's how pres. 
  trump got elected in the first place . 
  only in a fantasy world were they ignored . 
  all the misery came from their own action by conscientiously electing republicans for their local , states , congress and senate election , who continuously gutted federal government to aid them , who continuously passed policies to allow corporations easily fire their employees to ship jobs overseas , to continue tax cuts for the reach , allow infrastructure to collapse and other things that made their lives difficult . 
  trump voters can only blamed themselves for their misery . 
  and to vote in a wanna-be dictator in power , who cuddles up with a warmongering dictator putin , who only burns bridges with any opposition instead of being a president of all people , who is outright hostile towards it 's country 's allies , has no shame , has no moral integrity , it 's highly sinful individual with no redeeming qualities ?!, 
  i got zero sympathy to trump supports who will feel the worse of the trump 's presidency . 
  and i 'm quite disgusted to see that many fellow catholics support this evil man , just because of they misplaced hatred for liberals . 
  catholic church had opposed both communism and fascism in past , we should not change that by now support modern day fascists just because they pay us lip service on some issues . 
   they felt ignored . 
  emotions and the ability to co-opt them are exactly the kind of driving motivation that leads to extremism . 
  this feeling was completely manufactured by the conservative media for past couple of decades . 
  without being critical of it , they just bought into the victim mentality . 
  despite the facts and reality telling them otherwise , they continued to feel ignored and prosecuted somehow . 
  and it 's entirely their won doing and i have zero sympathy .
