  well we know uruguay will vote for ali and brazil will abstain ( one representative arrested , other one fleeing ) . 
   do you really think that the syrian dictatorship is more `` batshit insane '' than al-qaeda and the groups that have allied to it ? 
  yes . 
  those backstabbing isis barbarians are at it again . 
  yeah , youtube has swastikas with those . 
  learn a difference . 
  nobody claims russia is run by neo-nazis , while russians love to claim that for ukraine . 
  it 's just pointing a massive delusion and hypocrisy . 
  i still love how in just 3 days after sochi olympics ended , they invaded crimea . 
  all the good pr russia gained from those olympics went down the drain in less then a week . 
  as well as novorossiya confederation !, 
  officially none of these countries call themselves south nor north . 
  simply korea . 
  south korea being a republic , while north being democratic people 's republic . 
  also a rampage against military ( multi-racial ) . 
  aa gun mounted on a truck , it seems . 
  looks like that car drove through desert and nobody washed it after that drive . 
  well , i have no idea . 
  jesus , i wanted to say the same . 
   conversely jaime and bronn should be prosecuted for killing of the soldiers . 
  but my guess is the tv series is hand waving that away and already forgot about it . 
  i think that will be overlooked to not start a war with the crown . 
  whole point they were there is due to threats made against myrcella , which proven to be correct . 
  so due to geopolitics , it should be swiped under the rug . 
   heroic, 
  not two words you see together often . 
  ypg offensive stalled . 
  as they 're focusing to close turkish border first . 
  where 's the ammo and equipment to arm around 100k fighters ? 
  i know they stole a lot from iraq and syria , but i find it doubtful they took that much . 
  and they have no foreign support , not even saudis . 
  what the hell is going on for isis to grow so strong after suffering massive defeats earlier this year . 
  jesus , for every heavy defeat they attack something else for a major victory . 
  they 're like saiyans at this point . 
   i 've heard storys of 100 + ping, 
  i played all my mp games like that since forever . 
  on pc . 
  it 's playable . 
  like , on the edge of playable . 
  i guess hezbollah is not into parades . 
  i know the feeling man , it happened same with me when i was really frequent in / r/ukrainianconflict and i just stopped . 
  i still lurk once in a while , as well as this on subreddit ( but a bit more active ) , but i try not to get obsessed over and affect my life again . 
  ... at least they put croatia in eu ... 
  wait , isis launched an offensive yet rebels are the ones gaining more ground ? 
   but whoever blatter 's chosen successor will be . 
  is n't blatter 's favored successor arrested ? 
  not just video , but an entire channel . 
  what game is that ? 
   on another note , could they be sued for this ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they are a paramilitary unit working for and in unrecognized state . 
  how do you sue them for copyright infringement ? 
  i doubt developers will bother to go that far over a emblem , unless their top management is really patriotic and would go that far just to say `` fuck you '' to sparta battalion . 
  you pretty much described croatian football league . 
  because bethesda does n't promise some revolutionary graphics and promote early build with such graphics , only for graphics to be downgraded on release . 
  basically , bethesda is being honest with graphics and they 'll meet your expectations . 
  was n't skyrim pretty stable on release ? 
   what story ? 
  sorry , but ... story , in bethesda games ... goes under the label `` uninspired '' at best . 
  the elder scrolls ? 
  i 'd agree with you there . 
  they do n't even try with story in that franchise , just a lot of great lore being wasted . 
  with fallout ? 
  no , main fallout games always had a very good story at very least . 
  crysis looks a lot better then most games today . 
  in fact , i can only name you ryse sons of rome to look better then crysis . 
  but crysis is a worthwhile game to play along to be used as benchmark , unlike that mediocre atrocity . 
  what 's the benefit of zeyzoun encircling ? 
  no fucking way !, 
  they 're good , but not even close to be 2nd ranked !, 
  why ca n't this site hire a proper web designer ? 
  argentina would be an obvious choice . 
  can anyone send me screenshot or archive the article ? 
  gameinformer for some reason ip banned my country . 
  is that a tank or a apc ? 
  because video quality is too terrible for me to recognize which one is it . 
  that 's just fucked up . 
  booby trapping your own flag , in case you lose a battle ? 
  who booby traps their own flags ? 
  well thing is babies possibly turned into white walkers are alive when they are being turned . 
  meanwhile everyone else gets killed then becomes wights . 
  so i think that 's a key thing , alive ones can become white walkers while dead ones become wights . 
  and they likely need someone to fully cooperate to become a white walker and babies are best as they ca n't consent and can be raised easily to be fully a white walker . 
  adults that would want to become a white walker , would likely have some personal agenda or might regret their decision and turn on them or would be looked down upon as they would be `` unpure '' so perceived as untrustworthy . 
  this my theory , anyway . 
  or just burning them would have been more effective . 
  it 's no longer yours , italy !, 
  well in telltale 's got it looks like boltons ( or was it whitehills under his command ? ), 
  are also ninja 's too . 
  rebels are just not stopping . 
  considering how assad is too stubborn to abandon a losing battle , i think it will last little more longer . 
  that 's why they always do , i believe . 
   i would highly doubt having a talking , forced-male character for a bethesda game . 
  i would like to compare with da inquisition , where in middle of development bioware said that humans will be an only playable race and there will be no mounts . 
  several months later , we get 4 races to play and a bunch of mounts . 
  so it 's possible that at first , fallout 4 had only a male playable character but then later in development female playable character is added too . 
  a lot of things changes and gets added as development goes on . 
  it looks like they are already , through roads anyway . 
  how do you hit your allied military base ? 
  nah , he does n't look like he got run over while i also doubt they stopped to let him get onboard .
