  both oh boy , does trump tries his damnedest to beat that too . 
  sjw 's are mostly slacktivists , followed by activists that occasionally get into an earshot of actually important people . 
  meanwhile alt-right kind of people have been infiltrating police , government and online media outlets for decades . 
  ivanka is pretty much like her father , only a woman and physically appealing . 
  well shit has to come extra soon , cause we are entering final month before release and marketing has been rather lacklustre . 
  and now both of them are on my phone . 
   just saw this buried at the official forums . 
  fanmade forums . 
  official bsn was shut down last year . 
   ... i do n't want a 100 hour epic , damn it . 
  i do !, 
  which is rather hilarious considering poroshenko has 73 % disapproval rate among ukrainians . 
  what would exposing do ? 
  make majority of ukrainians nod their heads as they wait for 2019 to elect someone else as president . 
  ukrainians wo n't try to topple down poroshenko before elections , as country is in war and most of the nation realizes they need to keep stability for the country . 
  of all people , i think churkin 's death was genuinely heart attack . 
  guy was a total putin 's loyalist . 
  also an evil shit . 
  he 's apparently british ( protestant country ) born greek ( eastern orthodox country ) who is apparently both a jew and a catholic . 
  something does n't add up . 
  they 're diverse in sense on what type of stupidity and evil they are . 
  he probably still thinks cd projekt red is stuck in their 2007 state and do n't own gog . 
  either it is an error on origin or release date is set on different timezone . 
  actually , looking at timezone map of us , i think me : a is gon na be released on 21st march 00:00 est. 
  well on bright side , if you 're buying digital and have slow internet speed , you can download me : a overnight and be ready to play it on tuesday . 
  ah , i did n't notice they put it earlier . 
  only learned it randomly by someone else , so i checked origin store myself and seen it myself . 
  really nice of ea of putting that on origin store . 
  is n't there an extra download to do after ? 
  i had only once pre-loaded a game and i had to extra download when that game got released . 
  although it definitely cut down on download time by a huge lot , it was still long due to my shite internet speed . 
  ah , thank you . 
  and now that i think of it , that only game i pre-loaded was rome 2 total war . 
  and that game had a ton of patches to become workable . 
  the primaries got me fucking exhausted . 
  and i 'm not even an american subjected to daily elections advertisement . 
  then going through even larger ordeal on actual elections ?!, 
  primaries should have like 1 month of campaigning and all voting happening in a single damn day or weekend . 
  and then same thing with general elections . 
  jokes on them , warren has no ambition to run as president . 
  and to think , to fucking think !, 
  that fucking alex jones support trump and outright advises him . 
  the balls on these people !, 
  the fucking projecting shitheads !, 
  well hopefully whatever day one patch will be for me : a , it will be a minor hotfix one along with unlocking the game . 
  i just remembered rome 2 total war had gigabytes huge several patches , as game was unfinished on release . 
  so i guess i just had one poor experience for my first and only pre-load . 
  hell , i only pre-ordered 2 games in my life . 
  rome 2 and stellaris . 
  me : a might be third one . 
  oh yeah , jacob is hugely underrated character combat wise . 
  he can be seriously useful when used wisely . 
  ai leaves after me2 starts and before arrival dlc starts . 
  potentially , me2 starts after collector base was destroyed/captured . 
  probably in future dlc pack . 
   i 'll take the capable baddies in the snappier uniforms over their bumbling , drunken neighbors any day . 
  so does that mean if isis starts to make amazing uniforms , they will start liking their brand of jihadism ? 
  they love the nazi ideology when they cherry pick out slavs being an subhumans and instead putting them on super aryan race category . 
  right sector are not nazis though . 
  they 're pretty damn fascistic , but do n't fall into category of `` we hate minorities '' . 
  hell , they even help out ukrainian jewish community from time to time . 
  the still have a hard on for militaristic regimes and society , which is still really shit . 
  svoboda party is one that is closest to nazism , as they kind of do have portraits of hitler and nazi germany flags in some of their hq 's . 
   ( though the embargo was actually put in place after japan took french indochina . ), 
  well that one was for steel and aluminium embargo i believe . 
  invading china ? 
  no more oil for you japan !, 
  thing is , they had more seats before euromaidan revolution . 
  after revolution with new emergency elections , they lost a few seats despite them being one of the first muscles against yanukovych 's private police berkut and forming one of first volunteer militias to fight against pro-russian warlords in donbass . 
  ukrainians still rejected their far-right extremists even at their country 's lowest point since independence . 
  scandinavian viking not real !, 
  huns not real !, 
  vandals not real !, 
  but in that alternative universe , russia could have used jill stein to switch to democratic party and just do same crazy shit like trump did and maybe win . 
  that 's outright impossible in the age of the internet . 
  internet is an unfiltered library where people come to confirm their opinions not challenge them . 
  holocaust is the most well documented event in history and there is absolutely zero doubt it had happened . 
  it is about as factual event as is earth orbiting around the sun . 
  and yet you have a growing movement worldwide about holocaust not happening . 
  fuck , there is a growing movement that sun is orbiting around earth , while i 'm at it . 
  why ? 
  because people want their opinions confirmed , not challenged . 
  and internet allows that as there are no filters for quality and factional content and you have 1000 's of people telling you it 's an accurate information , so there 's also no public pressure of not doing this shit online . 
  there is an absolutely necessity to filter shit like that on internet , as we live in the age of misinformation . 
  it 's highly likely they will give up an app to download that will work offline in future . 
  right now , da keep being online only is a small drm way to battle pirating . 
  actually , they only said for reapers it is an outright no . 
  every other species is a maybe , with only quarians hinted might be in me : a on release and just keeping it as a secret . 
  that is not true at all , actually . 
  it 's a big maybe they are in game or in future dlc . 
  clinton offered the same thing , but people were too closed minded in hating her for imaginary things . 
  because that would be a stupid thing to do . 
  democratic party ai n't a communist party . 
  perez named ellison as deputy chair of dnc in start of his victory speech and it passed unanimously . 
  so they are not neglected . 
  well it happened after you posted the comment . 
  it is a very good sign , as deputy chair has a lot of influence within the party . 
  disappointing to see perez win , but i 'm glad he named ellison a deputy chairman almost immediately . 
  unexpected and a positive move . 
  if people remain an ideological purists , then that will be the case .
