  also have to add that secular political opposition is siding with erdogan and had denounced the coup !, 
  and they had denounced the coup when it was believed coup was a success and nobody knew where erdogan was . 
  except it was erdogan 's government that had abolished death penalty in 2004 !, 
  this coup had only provoked them to potentially restore death penalty . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  i did not nor do i support death penalty in any condition . 
  all i 'm saying is this was stated more in moment of anger by prime minister of turkey . 
  all i 'm saying it is very unlikely death penalty will be returned since it was this same government that had abolished it 12 years ago !, 
  provoked to an idea to return death penalty . 
  you know , being angry at the moment and suggest extreme measures ? 
  and it was n't erdogan who said it , but prime minister . 
  this does n't mean it will actually be put to parliament to be voted on , let alone to be passed . 
  even erdogan 's opposition was out on the streets against the coup . 
  people of turkey had suffered through many coups in past 60 years . 
  they do not want another one to succeed , even at the price of keeping erdogan around . 
  turkish government did n't started shooting at civilians , like assad 's regime did . 
  but pro-coup military sure did shoot at civilians . 
  so , there 's that little nuanced details . 
  but hey , why be nuanced when you can just generalise and call everyone a hypocrite !, 
  they do n't , not for past several years . 
  erdogan 's government no longer cares for joining the eu and nor do most turks . 
   both coups attempted to removed their dictators who have massive popular support . 
  erdogan is n't a dictator . 
  meanwhile , pro-coup military had shot journalist and taken many as hostages . 
  what a lovely alternative !, 
  yeah , no , military coup is anything but stabilizing force . 
  what the fuck is wrong you people ?!, 
  turkish people had suffer from too many coups for past 60 years , even the secular political opposition had opposed it as they knew turkish people will just suffer more . 
  how many more coups do need to happen for people to realize it do n't work !, 
  it only delays the issues and makes it things worse . 
  because they committed an armed and violent military coup . 
  that goes way beyond political dissent , it 's an armed insurgency !, 
  well it 's doubtful they will return death penalty anyway . 
  at worst , there will be a debate in parliament but wo n't even be put to vote and just flat out rejected . 
  i 'd be shocked if they do that though . 
  fuck no !, 
  erdogan had never and never will support isis . 
  people seem to be forget a lot of civilians and police officers were killed by pro-coup soldiers . 
  adding to exhaustion and being spread thin , it 's no wonder police was n't much willing to protect soldiers that they were just fighting with whole night . 
  blood on the hands is fully on coup ringleaders . 
  this would n't have happen if they did n't this moronic coup !, 
  obviously any individual responsible for beating and killing soldiers that had surrender should be prosecuted by full extend of the law , but you ca n't portray soldiers being as some sort of victims here . 
  just looking at entire 20th century i can safely say it is n't stupid . 
  i 'm sorry for snapping at you , just many people have been spreading this misinformation for years that turkish government is directly aiding isis . 
  and with getting argumentative about this whole even whole day has not been good for holding my temper . 
  does anyone know why did they dismissed 1/3 of judges and prosecutors in turkey ? 
  and why specifically them ? 
  state intelligence remained pro-government , so military had no good intel to know where are the important individuals to capture . 
  they did try to do it , but troops majority of troops were initially only told this was a drill and were clueless about whole situation until they were attacked by civilians . 
  so troops were poorly coordinated and had low morale , while majority were unwilling to shoot at civilians . 
  they captured state tv in istanbul , but government took it back after couple of hours . 
  they also attacked cnn turk and taken some journalist hostages . 
  they did block social media , but not successfully . 
  because they failed to do so , they tired but failed . 
  maybe he had calmed down from between start of coup and to part when loyalist forces were starting to reversing lost ground ? 
  afterall , nobody knew where about is whereabouts and condition until tie started to turn in government favour . 
  it was a chaos that night and all people knew is that military was mass shooting civilians . 
  soldiers that killed civilians had doomed their comrades who had nothing to do with it . 
  we are not sure was it gulenist movement responsible . 
  they are the most likely suspects , but no evidence is shown to support that claim . 
  almost everyone is deadset fighting against isis . 
  i hope it was a cheap shirt . 
  michael bay never had that issue . 
  yeah , only thing that can save this movie is fact that it has relatively low budget for a hollywood movie . 
  to be fair , neither of those only two female prime minsters are things to be proud off for any brits . 
  there was never an attempted coup in syria . 
  no , government is fully control of the country and military now . 
  military coup was a complete failure due to poor planning . 
  it 's not happening though , turks are now majority in those areas . 
  with that greek army is on same quality of turkish army , while being heavily outnumbered . 
  erdogan 's government finds pkk worse then isis , so in past they had merely tolerated isis to deal with pkk first . 
  although recent isis terrorist attacks in turkey had forced erdogan 's government to no longer tolerate them and be outright hostile towards them . 
  which assad started by attacking unarmed protestors . 
  it is just wishful thinking by redditors . 
  although it looks like war will end in libya later this year or next year . 
  last year ceasefire there is a success so far and it looks like political solution to end the war will be agreed on soon . 
  they were hearing it , so they shot at general direction of the sound source . 
  guy is sourcing mete yarar , turkish security expert . 
  from what i can tell , he 's pretty credible . 
  it took me some digging to discover writter was sourcing him . 
  but how did you post it if you di ... white walker !, 
   the iron man sequels, 
  you mean just iron man 2 ? 
  iron man 3 is among the top 3 best movies from avengers franchise . 
  wait what ?!, 
  access to medical care and free education have nothing to do with a country being a democracy or not . 
  trump supporters dominate social media from conservatives side , just like bernie supporters dominated social media from liberal side . 
  social media hardly represent actual physical support for these people . 
  did n't germans mostly taken out allied tanks in ambushes in western europe ? 
  no faction in syria is a liberal pluralist moderate . 
  things to blame for mass killings :, 
  muslim terrorists, 
  violent video games, 
  but are generally by women , so that makes it even stranger . 
  damn . 
  this is like real life example of shipping that is creepy as hell . 
  laughter is the best stress relief in warzones . 
  so sjw feminists are uber-hipsters ? 
   maybe appointing community moderators, 
  there used to be community moderators , but then got rid of them around me3 release .
