  oh my god , they even fucking failed to give us proper jump animation . 
   ea knew we were curious about the prothean, 
  bioware knew that , it was bioware who made this decision . 
  we even know less about the empire and dwarven kingdoms too . 
  or the more simple answer is that creative assembly made this decisions because they 're greedy and think they can get away with it . 
  yes , ca and sega went too far . 
  i 'll defend the second guy , i do n't think he could see the trip mine by the time first guy cross through it and caught him in explosion . 
  at that time , neither side had that many nukes . 
  conventional war by itself was something everyone wanted to avoid . 
  allies vs ussr war would have made ww2 a minor war in comparison . 
  yeah , he was denied of voting during presidential and parliamentary elections too because he refused to remove the mask . 
  personally , i 'd make an exception for him but yeah . 
  you need to show your face to confirm that is your id . 
  but ussr had only a handful of nukes at the time . 
  i doubt us would just drop every damn nuke it has , especially since ussr airforce was still on par with us one and icbm 's were still in prototype stages . 
  so nuclear armagedon would still not happen , unless allies crush soviet airforce and even then it would be a one sided nuclear armagadon . 
  i uninstalled the game , most likely permanently . 
  then i realized it removed all pd2 soundtrack , so i 'll likely reinstall the game soon , backup soundtrack elsewhere on my pc , then uninstall the game again . 
  only way overkill can get me back to play pd2 again , if they reverse most , if not all of their decisions with this vladfest 2015 !, 
  to who ? 
  to us or shareholders ? 
  or both ? 
   nuclear winter, 
  nuclear winter is not a proven hypothesis and many scientists dismiss it as myth and and go far as call it discredited theory . 
  both highly untrustworthy parties have different claims . 
  who do i trust then with this operation ? 
  this is a well done dictionary , i would recommend to everyone . 
   eastern ukraine is a pyrrhic victory, 
  pyhrric tactical victory , i might add . 
  russia gained no strategical advantage with their reckless moves . 
  jel ' bi on pretvorio sabor u ukrajinski kick-box parlament , ako dobije fotelju ? 
  consumers rights ? 
  what 's that ? 
  because it 's how you unlock hoxton as one of playable characters . 
  even though i personally did n't noticed your mod activity , just reading through people 's response i can safely say it 's a damn shame you 're retiring from moderating this subreddit . 
  thank you a lot for your contribution . 
  oh i would love you so much op if you pick me . 
  alternatives can not exist with assad in power as he eliminates them . 
  and he is responsible for this entire war , he 's as oppressive if not more oppressive then jihadists , completely unwilling to make any reforms for the country and it 's people and more . 
  he is a cancers that has to be removed , whoever will replace him will be up to syrian people to find once war is over . 
  man , i still remember when rt used chechen war pictures and make it look like ukraine army is committing war crimes in donbas . 
  and guess , we were right . 
  this offensives gained absolutely nothing strategic for regime and they suffered heavy losses . 
  what had happened is exactly what we expected , nothing but a slaughter for regime for insignificant gains . 
  it is in eu . 
  your review is removed after a refund . 
  well game works . 
  it has a lot of bad design decisions , but it works . 
  yes , australia is the most important thing !, 
  because pro-regime supporters are making sure to bury the fact that it was assad who caused the war . 
  they want to fool people as if rebels started the armed conflict , to justify whatever brutality regime had done afterwards . 
  science !, 
  and yet many in crimea consider berkut as heroes . 
  why reveal a major faction , when you can instead advertise a pre-order dlc for major faction 6 months prior to release !, 
  no , i 'm still not letting that go . 
  we know a lot more about chaos dlc faction then any other faction , let alone vampire counts still being a complete mystery . 
  but they ca n't decide with him and his lackeys in power . 
   super fun single player, 
  pick one . 
   between a conscript army and ideologically motivated fighters . 
  it would be more accurate to say it is between poorly trained , poorly equipped , poorly lead and demoralized conscripted army over a well experienced , sufficiently enough supplied , lead greatly and ideologically motivated organized militias . 
  ja sam glaso za most i \u0161okiran sam !, 
  e , hvala . 
  phew !, 
  translating the title , would be also accurate . 
  by not making his trial a public event , it would be avoided . 
  and french police suspects more then 8 people were involved . 
  damion is a contracted voice actor , so not really part of overkill . 
   split is a small town, 
  that genuinely got me laughing . 
  what a load of pro-facist nonsense i have read . 
  the fact is , syria is ruled by a dictator that caused this entire war with his incompetence and oppression of syrian people . 
  how in the world can the cancer who caused this mess be the cure ? 
  mainly from balkans , lot 's of weapons smuggling is being done . 
  in fact german police suspects an montenegrin , who got arrested a week ago for weapon smuggling , to have given weapons to the terrorists . 
  actually trust syrian people by giving them free democratic election ? 
  regime forces are an incompetent mess that even with russian airstrikes ca n't make significant strategic gains . 
  they are a truly lost cause and have to be replaced with something completely new . 
  that new thing might be syrian democratic forces who are co-operating with kurdish ypg . 
  also , iraq is getting it 's act together and is mainly on offensive now . 
  initials massive failures are getting reversed as months of fighting go on . 
  with him still in power there will be no transition of government at all . 
  they can be registered and vote while outside their country . 
  this should be a reminder to people that the war in ukraine is still far from over . 
  well it would help if russians would start seriously bombing isis military targets instead of focusing on civilian targets on rebel held territory . 
  cancel that sale , overkill will get even more money out of with that . 
  if they work at all . 
  that 's a giant stretch in your conclusion . 
  or is more tolerating the presence to not escalate anything against kurds , for the time being . 
  beyond some drama i 'm still confused about , i dunno . 
  he did n't had enough explosives to even destroy a single bridge in paris , let alone entire city . 
   russia deserves more credit than usa for defeating the nazis , by far . 
  hardly , it was a massive combined effort by all sides among the allies . 
   the ussr ended it in europe, 
  it was a combined effort to liberate europe by western allies and ussr . 
  to say one country gets all or most of the credit is a total disservice to history !, 
  not a massive city like paris , especially if you have no resources to do so . 
  no , isis is still a serious threat . 
  this is the worst time to underestimate them , as now they getting more and more backed to the corner . 
  more and more desperate and dangerous .
