  `` my guess ... a group of people . 
  the village people . 
  fuck those guys !, 
  and their creative outfits . '', 
  lmao !, 
  he was also confident once with a source that turned out to be a 4chan troll that made him write a fake news article . 
  he then mocked neogaf users for calling him out on him and used influence over moderators to ban users . 
  after it was discovered his source was a 4chan troll , he retracted his article and apologized to neogaf . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?s=6dc3f811ee506f4044533f671e5907c3&amp;t=465809 ) . 
  this guy has rather chequered history and his current reputation is very overblown . 
   check this out - by tomorrow , literally every other gaming media source will be quoting his article and reporting on this . 
  they 'll do it because they know he is damned good with his sources , and they will stake their reps on his reporting . 
  no , they 'll do it because it is a common lazy copy/paste practice for gaming `` news '' sites . 
  it 's not even tomorrow , it is today . 
  everyone is eating his shit up , without any hint of scepticism . 
  oh and someone pointed out his interesting use of language . 
  he says his sources are `` people familiar with bioware '' , not `` people who work at bioware '' like in his story about me : a troubled development . 
  that is some shady use of the language . 
  geez , thanks for pointing out how lazy gaming press is . 
  who the fuck are you to ask me that sort of question ? 
   problem with your question is thinking we 're all a hive mind, 
  it 's reddit , it is a safe assumption to make . 
  i severely doubt it will not be downgraded , even on xbox one x. 
  on pc it might stay like this , but only for those with the top pc rig . 
  he actually wrote it like that in previous article about me franchise being put on ice . 
  just about anyone can be `` familiar with bioware '' . 
  and it 's very clear he used this shady language on purpose , because when made article about troubled me : a development he quite clearly stated `` people who work at bioware '' . 
  if he does actually have sources who told him this , they are clearly not from either bioware nor ea . 
  they 're essentially useless and just anonymous pundits from gaming industry . 
  oh i agree , hence i said `` might '' in my original post . 
  there was a hole ? 
  i think this part is the most telling . 
   and while overall the aggregate review scores were lower than we would have liked , we did have over 100 reviewers scored the game at 80 or higher . 
  so it represents a fan base that 's very passionate , looking for very particular things and many players found exactly what they 're looking for and some players did not . 
  ea points out that reception to me : a is polarized , not universally negative . 
  some people loved the game , others did not . 
  as well they imply they are not too bothered by lower then expected aggregate score , as there 's a lot of reviews that give 80 + score to the game . 
  while that should n't be news to anyone , but the fact that ea acknowledges this is good news for me : a. 
  along with this quote . 
   bioware has continued to support mass effect , and the new team is doing some amazing things and you 'll hear more about that in the months to come . 
  they stated this ( as of 9th may this investors conference happened ) after already promised mp dlc 's and patches were being released and developed . 
  bioware has n't released anything new that they did n't stated already in advance . 
  so bioware will release new me : a content in months to come , content they did n't talked about yet . 
  i 'm 95 % sure that will be sp story dlc content . 
  nothing from me : a was datamined . 
  note this is a brief 45 minutes q&a . 
  any dlc announcement is very unlikely . 
  however we might finally get some clarifications and perhaps some teasing and hints . 
  eh , they added new map , characters and weapons a week ago . 
   and honestly , if andromeda was a perfect game except it had no quarians , thats what the controversy would have been about - false promises . 
  bioware never promised quarains to appear in me : a. 
  in fact for good part of development bioware implied there wo n't be quarians at all . 
  it was n't until like months before me : a release , did bioware started hinting quarians for me : a. 
  so from very start , quarians were not meant to be in vanilla game , but big fan request for quarians ( along with other `` minor '' species ) made bioware to add them in later on dlc , while teasing them in vanilla game . 
  i did n't even notice new weapons until tonight , actually . 
  i knew about characters and map , but not weapons . 
  thing is , bioware put itself in a corner due to not just me3 endings but also it 's lore . 
  there 's like only little over 40 years of human history from first contact war until end of me3 . 
  and before shepard 's trilogy start , not a whole lost happened . 
  first contact war ? 
  it was a skirmish that nearly escalated into a war , but it did n't . 
  batarian hegemony organized pirate raids on system alliance throughout decades . 
  and ... that 's it . 
  nothing much there to make a new saga . 
  and bioware insists that mass effect is a human story . 
  so no humans , no me game . 
  which sucks , because rachni wars and krogan rebellions would be an amazing game series . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  bioware genuinely thought quarians were not that popular for a while . 
  for some reason . 
  teased , but not announced . 
  they posted a screenshot from omega dlc at that panel , however bioware acted as if it was from base game . 
  and they did n't do that by accident . 
  that 's impossible , not without a complete reboot of me trilogy and shepard 's story . 
  they wo n't talk about anthem . 
  they will exclusively talk about me : a. 
  i hope so too . 
  every studio gets scaled down after game release . 
  that is a normal industry wide practice . 
  you give kotaku way too much credibility . 
  also from ea 's investors conference :, 
   and while overall the aggregate review scores were lower than we would have liked , ** we did have over 100 reviewers scored the game at 80 or higher . 
  ** so it represents a fan base that 's very passionate , looking for very particular things and many players found exactly what they 're looking for and some players did not . 
  ea knows there 's a lot of people who enjoyed and loved me : a , it was absolutely not a universal negative reception . 
   there 's plenty of ~ ~ evidence ~ ~ hints for future dlc . 
  ftfy, 
   cucktaku, 
  no , this is a red card foul and i ca n't bring myself to read anything else from you . 
  i despise kotaku , but using that sort of insult just makes you impossible to be taken seriously . 
  as well at montreal comic con on september 2012 , bioware teased omega dlc by blatantly posting a screenshot of omega dlc content while pretending it is from base game . 
  also to note , montreal comic con was used to done on september , from 2015 they started doing it in july . 
  well ... it is ? 
  still , batarians were not hinted to come to andromeda . 
  then boom , this happened . 
  it 's very likely a build up for sp dlc too . 
  i do n't think batarians were ever even mentioned , surrounding andromeda initiative program . 
  not necessary , especially since sp dlc to be released today would have been pretty early . 
  take a look of [ this chart ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_85iyuv0aeiu5g.jpg:large ) of bioware game 's first dlc release . 
  so , assuming no delays happened nor me : a is put on ice ( it is n't ) , it looks like this mp reveal would have come either way . 
  much earlier then sp story dlc .
