  it 's kind of obscure and i made a mistake to not archive this sort of stuff . 
  basically tyson made some stupid statements couple of years ago , which sadly i ca n't find . 
  which annoys me because i know it happened , but google is unhelpful . 
  that would only turn texas and arizona hostile towards trump and any republican supporting that move . 
  but jesus was a globalist in a certain way , as he wanted to spread word of god and salvation for every human instead of being restricted to ethnic jews . 
  whole thing about christianity is to bring salvation for all humans , not just select group of people as judaism is . 
   interesting historical note : once world war 2 was rolling , hitler sent a message to the yugoslavian government demanding that they allow the germans to `` peacefully '' annex yugoslavia . 
  the yugoslavs told hitler to go to hell . 
  as a result , their country was invaded , cities bombed and many people died . 
  that 's pretty much what had not happened . 
  germany pressured yugoslavia to join axis and yugoslavia managed to get a compromise to remain neutral but allow germany use their railways and highways as pleased for military purposes . 
  however yugoslav military leadership decided to then do a coup with british intelligence help and abolished democratic government and installed puppet child king , declaring alliance with the allies . 
  considering most of military was lead by serbs , while current parliament was lead by croats , this pissed living shit out of croats and slovenes who already found kingdom of yugoslavia oppressive for non-serbs for past decade . 
  so when germans invaded , slovenes and croats surrendered on spot and treated them as liberators . 
  and in some places they made their own coups in military barracks , arresting or executing their serbian military officers . 
  due croats and slovenes completely defecting to germans , yugoslavia collapsed in just 11 days . 
  which shocked even the germans , because they thought it will takes many months to defeats yugoslavia due to many natural defences and that both british and greeks could have jump in aid to yugoslavia . 
   though , ideologically speaking , yugoslavia was close to the soviet bloc , it was by no means part of it . 
  no , kingdom of yugoslavia hated communists and abolished all communist parties . 
  josip broz tito was then considered a terrorist , not a serious political alternative . 
  it was n't until yugoslavia capitulated did communists started to get popular , as democratic and monarchist leadership either fled or was arrested or collaborated with nazi occupiers . 
  in reality is , hitler was just a boring arrogant asshole that knew how to speak to the crowd . 
  it 's because monarchists ruled kingdom of yugoslavia , while democratic parties fought for years to get parliament working without king behaving like a dictator . 
  communists and fascists were despised and considered terrorists until country capitulated and was occupied by axis forces and collaborators . 
  german tribes took care of their hygene as much as romans did . 
  also feudalism brought stability after collapse of western roman empire . 
  and while there were many wars , they were nowhere near as destructive like in classical eras . 
  lesser human suffering and less genocides . 
  carthage lost naval dominance after first punuc war and they were not in rome 's hearthland until second punic war . 
  also pro-israeli jews despise the generally leftist american jews . 
  so they do n't mind working with white supremacist anti-semites as they wo n't affect right wing pro-israel jews , but left wing ones critical of israeli regimes will get screwed . 
  trump wants war with iran , which would be far worse then vietnam war . 
  why ? 
  because iranian navymen flip off american counterpart on occasion . 
  it was more about running out of food and diseases spreading that decided sieges , then boredom . 
  / uj i 'll be honest , i 'd love to see remaster of fallout new vegas . 
  like an actual remaster with updated graphics , combat and animations . 
  dunno why , but this reminds of this little trivia . 
  way before me2 was released , one of bioware devs desperately tried to make an argument that asari are genderless , so femshep-liara romance was n't lesbian . 
  which was weird , considering codex blatantly stated asari are monogendered and they 're obviously females . 
  then again that dev was in gameplay design part of bioware staff , not a writer . 
  if i recall correctly . 
  but i still , now on topic , i clearly remember that most asari do n't really give a shit of what pronoun is used with them . 
  some prefer she , some he , some it , but most do n't give a damn but are just used to called she by other species who have two genders . 
  they know every other species languages grammar is based heavily on genders , so they ca n't do anything about that . 
  there 's always the cycle with such subreddits . 
  people just eventually get fed up with circlejerk , things get normal and good until eventually something new comes and bring back annoying circlejerk . 
  until people get really sick of it yet again . 
  good luck having fun playing sports games on keyboard . 
  / uj ok , now i got childhood nostalgia feeling by seeing professor baltazar left of linux penguin . 
  i agree with first half , but royally disagree with second half . 
  that is what momons think . 
  well south dakota played role of a tank , right ? 
  i am pretty sure most people were capable to do multiple things . 
  probably similiar to central and southern africa ? 
  those yugoslav partisans movies are bassically ww2 balkan western movies . 
  i love them . 
  they destroyed 2 tanks and several houses during the production of that movie . 
  my god i love that movie . 
  i really feel bad for the pepe 's creator . 
  he could have never foreseen that his weed-smoking lazy character would be a symbol of modern reactionary far-right . 
  nah , i think it should get closed after a while so collective work is saved forever . 
  then later start a new thing from scratch . 
  i 'd love it as an event thing for sure . 
  honestly for me this sort of communities effort gives me a smile . 
  past couple of years were depressive and constant outrage culture just dominating internet communities . 
  seeing / r/place doing this is just beautiful change of pace . 
  yeah , greece nearly knows out italy out of albania until germany came in . 
  if yugoslavia did n't collapse in mere 11 days , greeks would have liberated albania by themselves and probably be able to make put up stronger defence against germans . 
  t_d began their work by vandalizing other people work . 
  payback is just a bitch . 
  also they should n't be shocked that anything trump related is hated and controversial . 
  it just reeks of desperation . 
  they think they can get the pope only over the abortions and lgbt issues on the side , despite the fact to pope those issues are not on top priority list . 
  instead it is climate change , poverty , refugee crisis and young adults unemployment that are his priority , something what american republicans pretend are not an issue or just outright refuse to solve due to ideological reasons . 
  nah , it was n't him . 
  he never ventured to either version of bioware forums . 
  i used to pirate games because i could n't afford them . 
  now that i have some income due to my previous jobs and current part-time job , soon full time when shit get 's finally sorted out in company i work for , i am able to buy games digitally on summer and winter sales ( steam and origin ) and like a couple of full priced new releases per year . 
  hell , there 's a bunch of games i got on sales sitting in backlog so i can play them eventually . 
  well in past liberals were both in republican and democratic party . 
  conservative and liberal partisanship started after republicans went with the southern strategy to get defecting southern democrats voting base in masses . 
  i 'm dying over here . 
  perhaps they should change how they do their business and get better with pr . 
  but nah , to them coca-cola should be mandate give them add revenue while spewing racist shit . 
  because freedom of speech . 
   like thunderf00t used to make quality science videos and then he spotted a great opportunity to make hay off the way gamergate started to leak into the atheist subculture . 
  although he made himself an enemy to these same people because he was staunchly against brexit , supported clinton and more then once called out against sargon of akkad 's bullshit . 
  yeah he can be a big asshole often time and obnoxiously clickbait as hell , but he never compromised on his principles surrounding science just to appease currently rising alt-right crowd . 
  it 's just something i can respect out of him , even when he 's a total ass . 
  drama sells for viewership . 
  they can play morale crusaders , while irony is lost on them . 
  i dunno , i 've seen quite a bit of people i know they played previous games yet still act the same . 
  hey , we all know me trilogy is well known for amazing facial animations !, 
  the are libertarians because they personally do not want to pay taxes for anything besides the national army . 
  only because he wanted for aca to be completely abolished and return to 2008 awful healthcare system . 
  otherwise he does tows the party line . 
  in fact he outright publicly stated it makes no sense for republicans to investigate fellow republicans of any wrongdoing . 
  indeed . 
  republican party was really divided over aca .
