  well i was mainly hoping for maps that are backed by valid sources . 
  i have n't seen any map posted on that front for several days . 
  is it me or usa just does n't want to have any friends in middle east ? 
  by close , you mean simply ending pointless hostility with that pointless embargo . 
  us and iran relationships will still be strained after embargo ends , but deescalated by huge lot . 
  confirmed canon !, 
  probably kevan lannister , they did n't bother to spell his name properly because he 's a bastard . 
   that scene where the british guy, 
  englishman , to be precise . 
  movie has a massive negative bias towards englishman involved in football , mainly since fifa hates england fa since forever . 
  you should n't feel bad , underdogs ftw !, 
  croatia is blue ? 
  did you mod it or there was some update that changed croatia 's color ? 
  it 's on standards of croatian railways !, 
  and also all get disqualified for various obvious reasons , giving san marino a chance to qualify for first time ever . 
   the fall of thessia was heart-wrenching, 
  how ? 
  we had no development for thessia , we had no characters from thessia besides liara , planet was a lost cause from start and yet shepard for some reason felt more sad for that expected defeat then over sacrifices of mordin and legion ( or a genocide of geth or quarians ) . 
  and even more so , asari deserved it . 
  they had the key to defeat the reapers whole time , but kept it hidden until very last moment because they were exploiting it 's tehnology to be the most advanced species in galaxy . 
  i also do n't like mary sue liara , so i 'm probably very biased , but i felt nothing more then annoyance when kai leng dance moves beaten my shepard . 
  bioware did a horrible job on writing me3 . 
  only plot threads that shine are ones that are told primary through well written and interest characters from previous games . 
  mission on menan worked because it was focused with garrus . 
  tuchanka plot worked since it was focused on wrex and mordin ( though bakara was great on her own right too and hugely helped this story arch , thankfully ) with some touch with garrus and grunt . 
  rannoch worked thanks to tali , legion as well quarian admiralty board from me2 , grissom academy is only good ( not only good , but great ) only if jack is alive . 
  thessia failed as we had no reason to care for asari on thessia . 
  no build up , no connection , no nothing . 
  and liara was just kinda forced to be with you on that mission and she did n't give any insight for you to care for thessia , beyond it hurts her feelings that her homeworld is screwed . 
  we learn nothing about thessia through liara , unlike with wrex and mordin about tuchanka and same for rannoch with legion and tali . 
  same shit is with earth . 
  whole trilogy , we never had a reason to care for earth either . 
  james vega , even though he 's a great character and one of my favorites , fails to get me connected with earth . 
  shepard , him/herself fails to do so too . 
  kaidan and ashley , which i also love both ( yes , still a controversial opinion to have ) , also do n't do anything to give me any emotional connection with earth . 
  it 's only that kid that has only 2 lines of dialogue . 
  just because he 's a kid , it does n't mean i 'll give to shits for his death . 
  he 's still a fictional character , hell he 's not even a character as he had no personality beyond being a nameless child . 
  bioware completely failed to get us connected with earth and thessia and had also forced our shepard to care the most for these two planets then for anything and anyone else . 
  iran has no love for russia and they are negotiating with us to lift the embargo . 
  they gain nothing from recognizing this illegal annexation . 
   if there 's ethnic cleansing it did n't work . 
  ethnic cleansing happened because serbian leadership wanted to keep yugoslavia united under serbian dominance , while croats in bosnia also joined in that so huge chunk of bosnia becomes annexed by croatia . 
  to say yugoslavia worked is an utter absurdity . 
  bill wants to remove it from north carolina statehouse , it will not be banned to be used anywhere else . 
  maybe they feared there was a atgm or tow in vicinity , so they panicked and routed . 
  either way , really bizzare to just ditch your well armored tank in middle of firefight . 
  jesus , for the moment i thought that was my family car in last picture . 
  and it was pro-russian forces that bombed her house , as she lives in ukrainian controlled territory . 
  yeah , ibra either went too far or did n't get back onside on time . 
  so he made a smart decision of just avoiding the ball . 
  so wait , i should root for lizard people ? 
  aaaand i 'm not eating my lunch today it seems . 
  really , only good parts were with season finale were with cersie and arya . 
  and hell , season finale did n't even felt like it was season finale . 
  just another episode . 
  then why waste hard disk space ? 
  i agree with you , but i 'm mostly biased as croatia got fucked over by refs in match against brazil . 
  one of the worst matches i have ever watched . 
  truth is , costa rica being first in so called group of death and going as far as quarter finals was the best thing to watch . 
  also usa and howard were great . 
  hey , at least got out of group stage in past 5 world cups . 
  well , he should upgrade and move to better club during this transfer season . 
   how much everyone was talking up japan : japan came last in its group with a single point off a draw with greece . 
  oh yeah , japan really blew from their 2010 wc performance , with only honda being any competent player . 
  man , japanese fans deserve a lot better team then what they have . 
  well now that germany won wc in brazil , it 's all even now . 
  well 1 out of 3 is n't terrible . 
  that 's one hell of a bribe that bismarck had done . 
  he seems upset . 
  pretty much impossible , texas is full with american patriots despite being a us state with the biggest separatist movement . 
  is n't it already far worse then transnistria ? 
  wait what ?!, 
  for real ? 
  why not burn both flags ? 
  i hope they get crushed very quickly . 
  define `` civilized '' . 
  i did not expect this . 
  i still have no damn clue how to do free kicks in this game . 
  / r/mapporncirclejerk is there . 
   my question is , are all the games with nazi symbols still up ? 
  nope , there is a heavy ban on nazi symbolism . 
   or the sickle and hammer ? 
  eastern european countries are not relevant enough to ban that for any pr gain . 
  paradox games ban nazi germany flag , though . 
  you 're not allowed to host a mod about historical flag on their forums either . 
  yet they seem apathetic about banning ussr flags , despite being banned in most of eastern europe . 
   i do n't understand why ea is pictured in this context . 
  because ea hate bandwagon refuses to ever stop . 
  it 's not gon na be like in idlib . 
  rebels expected to capture that city in 2 weeks , not in matter of hours . 
  similar is with daraa , only this time saa is n't routing and is actually putting up a fight and was prepared for long time . 
  and rebels sure as hell expected this resistance . 
  what a disaster for regime . 
  i 'm sure isis in syria had a good campaign . 
  why kosovo war of that bunch ? 
   our army would tear isis apart in no time . 
  you are talking about saa , right ? 
  why is n't brazil ready to get a foreign coach ? 
  video removed .
