  bacteria will never grow into a human being for one ? 
  but that does n't cause a controversy , we just do n't obey that rule . 
  galileo was put under house arrest because he was insulting the pope ( insulting your leaders during most of human history was usually a death sentence ) , not because of his scientific research . 
   she helped her husband cover up multiple rapes . 
  wait , what the fuck ?!, 
  i ever heard of that one !, 
  the `` yet '' part worries me . 
  that happens when you go with constant disappointments . 
  catholic church persevered most of knowledge from western roman empire after it collapsed . 
  how can you not respect that ? 
  literature was destroyed , not knowledge . 
  terrible , but no scientific gains were lost in reality . 
   - your mom stops being a whore . 
  oh come on !, 
  that means i need to find a job now !, 
   the initial uprising was legitimate in my eyes , but there 's a danger that the government will be replaced by ** something even worse ** . 
  there 's extremely few things worse then assad 's regime and they 're hard much different . 
  actually futility is a good thing , sometimes you just have to suck it up and change your goals . 
  how does that benefit them ? 
  it 's not like rebels have an airforce . 
  in fact it hinders saa as russians ca n't back them with air support . 
  yes , russian air support is heavily limited and russia can hardly afford to expand it . 
   it 's a strategic alliance, 
  yes . 
   not because they 're culturally compatible, 
  and you lost me . 
  that has nothing to do with them not being in eu . 
  nato will not nor does turn a blind eye , but there are other measures to deal with turkey then going for brash option to kick them out . 
   no , but i am more worried about their open friendship with isis though ,, 
  there is no open friendship between turkey and isis . 
  isis had bombed turkey on few occasions and turkish government arrested many of them . 
  what is really happening is turkey turning a blind eye on isis and it 's supporters as they are containing kurds . 
  but that 's it !, 
  it 's a giant nonsense to even think that turkey is allied with isis !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  us army has is the best performing army in past century , especially in past couple of decades . 
  us mainly suffered defeats due to poor political decisions , not due to it 's army performing poorly like you suggest . 
  why though ? 
  tow groups and sdf groups are so far a major success , so what are you talking about ? 
  nsa has yet to have a opportunity to prove itself . 
  aaah . 
  as someone who dislikes the whole witcher series , i can safely say no . 
  it 's not wrong . 
  then again i have yet to play mad max , so i 'm somewhat biased . 
  more like matter of money . 
  kinda bought a lot of games for myself and my friends for this entire winter sale . 
  i kinda overspent it and have to put mad max on hold for a while . 
  edit # 1 plus i should really watch that movie at some point too . 
  origin of romulus was most likely made up after the fact , however romulus himself could have been a real person that founded rome and been it 's first king . 
   i still do n't have fallout 4 . 
  but that game is very good even as vanilla . 
  shit , i know of which video you 're talking about but i do n't know where is from anymore . 
   handing hilary an easy victory, 
  hillary even winning a democratic nomination is still a major uncertainty . 
  not at this rate . 
  trump is either stagnating or having a small rise as he leads by big margin . 
  only ted cruz is truly tailing behind him and he 's also a major radical , arguably more radical then trump . 
  meanwhile moderates of republican party are falling behind in obscurity , unable to even get back to their previous small peaks in popularity . 
  martin o'malley and bernie sanders . 
  both of them are tailing very close behind her , especially sanders who even leads in polls time to time . 
  to ignore existence of these two is about as absurd as to state any moderate republican has a chance against trump . 
  except if you ram him you will also lose control of your car and potentially die . 
  hell , he can slam through your windshield and kill you that way too . 
  so you fucking dodge not ram !, 
  and do n't get me started on how immoral the act would be , but clearly you do n't care much for morality . 
  many land wars were won in russia against russia . 
  croatia should be an emergent faction instead of ragusa , while it and bosnia should n't really be emergent as campaign map does n't really allow them historical locations . 
  also , hungary owned dalmatia at that time too so why the hell venetian republic has it ? 
  it just feels wrong and all . 
  basically , historical accuracy of country borders is a giant mess . 
  something what modders ca n't really fix as they ca n't edit campaign provinces . 
  so nazis were good guys ? 
  i guess we will wait for director 's cut when it hits blu-ray . 
  iraq was n't invaded due to 9/11 , afghanistan was . 
  iraq was invaded because for alleged wmd 's and for saddam attempting to genocide kurdish people . 
  usa was half correct . 
  because friends ca n't be affectionate towards one another without being gay ? 
  eeeh , since when ? 
   somehow manage to convince all the greenskins in the region to follow imperial doctrine . 
  good luck with that one . 
  no , imperials would just slaughter every last orc instead . 
   somehow convince a large enough group of civilians to colonize a barren wasteland . 
  again , good luck . 
  there used to be civilizations living in past in these barren wastelands , until orcs destroyed them . 
  clearly there are at least some natural resources to take from that region , so worth the cost of making a colony to extract them . 
  if you could take out the orcs , that is . 
  no it is n't . 
  and the stupidest part is that this is not even lore friendly to warhammer . 
  warhammer fantasy universe was n't forever stuck in stagnation and it 's ridiculous to think it will remain always in stagnation . 
  total war warhammer has opportunity to make your own narrative that will end this stagnation in conflicts , but for some reason ca does n't want to do that . 
   humanity does n't make any effort to resettle the badlands because you ca n't wipe out orcs, 
  not with that attitude . 
   and the land is shit to live on . 
  if there something worth there to mine or extract , humanity would send colonists there to get those resources . 
  land being shit to live in does n't stop ambitious businessman and desperate poor working man . 
  or , you know , you criticize this design decision before game is released so it can be potentially changed before launch . 
  well yes , ca should n't be vague with such controversial statements . 
  because feudal monarchies apparently never had colonies ? 
  also , when i said businessman i did n't meant in modern capitalist sense but as wealthy nobleman and/or merchant . 
  and i have serious doubts you know warhammer lore very well , like you want to act you do .
