  they 're actually far fucking worse !, 
  is that game ever not on sale ? 
  no , it 's the boltons and freys !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ totallynotbiased, 
  hobbit trilogy was n't even that bad , it was just really weak and shallow while it had potential to be great . 
  it 's more of a disappointing and almost mediocre trilogy . 
  [ or maybe he is ] ( #g `` turned into a white walker ? '' ), 
  poroshenko should just resign at this point . 
  he has become more of a liability for ukraine lately . 
  nah , not really . 
  adults were interviewed and they did n't find it weird . 
  they probably thought they were disney like costumes to entertain kids . 
  why nbc refuses to cover other events ? 
  not showing handball is a crime !!!, 
  it is a very underrated sport . 
  olympics , as well every other sport event , were heavilly political since ancient times . 
  you should n't trivilize killing nor spew bigotry . 
  you do know olympics started back in ancient greece ? 
  but i also added all sports sports events in general . 
  from roman chariot races to international football today , politics were always deeply rooted into sports . 
  hence i added ancient olympics , as reality is there was never a separation of sports and politics . 
  what are these lies ?!, 
  stannis baratheaon is one true king !, 
  well one thing is clear . 
  you need to do same aar for hoi4 !, 
  i hope you do , would be fun to watch . 
  turkey is finally doing what should have been done a years ago !, 
  no , to aid rebels to isis with any means necessary instead of tolerating isis to stick it to kurds . 
  turkey has been involved in this civil war from start on it 's own consent . 
  so they 're already too deeply involved to just simply leave . 
  also , isis targeted turkey first so conflict with turkey and isis was coming up regardless . 
  what turkey should have done was to strike first by aiding rebels to deny isis to at very least border turkey . 
  instead turkey decided to tolerate isis and isis committed terrorist attacks on turkish land regardless . 
  it 's awful it took 200 innocent people to die first to finally properly fight against isis instead of screwing around with kurds . 
  incompetence of bush administration really . 
  no , it just means regime and its ' supporters have no moral ground to call rebels barbaric terrorists over beheading their enemies , regime forces are doing it as well . 
  ** edit **, 
  i am a complete idiot and completely mixed the faction with another . 
  pretty sure most do n't use helmets cause they have none spare . 
  even after massive iranian and russian backing and intervention , saa still goes back to it 's bad habits . 
  that entire army is just hopeless and should be scrapped from it 's foundations to build a new proper army after . 
  excuses . 
  if saa had any competence , regime having any shred of willingness to do a desperately needed army reforms , they 'd have won the war years ago . 
  instead regime 's military and political ineptitude had caused this long and grindfest of a war . 
  thing is that civilian suffering in wars is highly ignored topic in overwhelming majority of war movies . 
  war movies are mostly about soldiers and their heroics , sacrifices and suffering . 
  very few movies about civilians living in a warzone , military occupation , as refugees and etc. 
  it is a topic that should get a lot attention in future movies overall . 
  it just goes to show that mulan 's clan was full of shame from the get-go . 
  only way you play as yugoslavia is to join axis as soon as possible . 
  they realized what is the only true faith . 
  also they like the idea of crusades . 
  stalin was in practice highly fascist . 
  nazi germany invaded ussr , not other way around . 
  and that was after both countries enjoyed non-aggression pact in which they both agree invade poland together , as well to give free reign to invade other countries without any political nor economical disruption . 
  stalin sure as had did piss poor job to invade nazi germany like you claim . 
  you mean democratic party ? 
  it 's also a missed opportunity to instead target trump tower . 
  yeah , you should fire your advisor . 
  well good thing i got payed finally today and i am gonig to bank tomorrow to deposit money to debit card . 
  edit # 1, 
  nova edition has been pre-ordered !, 
  i 'd like to also note this is the first time ever i had pre-ordered a game too . 
  perfect . 
  ca n't fight them , join them . 
  we tried to get it back and keep it in crusaders . 
  too many infidels to fight against , too many heretics among our ranks to even those odds . 
  and both states want to be unified again anyway , but much more complicated due cyprus being part of eu . 
  for trump supporters it is . 
  to be fair , it is absolutely necessary . 
  you need to be active to even have a chance to make a change . 
  they are hopeful , yes . 
  it 's gon na be real hard , but only way it can happen if they are active about it . 
  they may sound annoying and look little cult-like , but being passive supporter does n't help sanders to win . 
  hence why sanders supporters are still doing everything they can to mobilize sander 's supporters to spread sander 's message and to convince people to vote for sanders over clinton . 
  hell , to vote in general . 
  and with winning past 8 out of 9 states , it 's a great momentum for sanders . 
  and if sanders win new york , clinton 's home state , he is on the roll to victory . 
  though ck2 and eu4 were pretty fine on launch , which are pi 's latest two titles . 
  too soon man . 
  so , robots ? 
  races confirmed . 
  wait til free updates/cosmetic dlc/mods . 
  yeah , but what about playable a.i. 
  races ? 
  lan-party only solution then . 
  i 'll be one happy military republic with militarist , xenophile and spiritualist ethics , along with communal and charismatic traits !, 
  along with quick learners , a mighty military force to content with !, 
  along with sedentary trait to balance out my traits . 
  it will be interesting to see it in action . 
  haha , nice try daro'xen . 
  [ paradox ima let 's play od stellaris ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shoiydp7eea&amp;list=plqrhpbyfdqwiwmlrwledogu6b54nep-os ) . 
  synthetic a.i. 
  revolts , technologically superior fallen empires and extragalactic alien invasion are one of these confirmed to throw a wrench at your plans . 
  both israel and jordan despise isis , so that is a major shocker . 
  who the hell does give them supplies to survive , let alone keep on fighting ? 
  why would it ? 
  it borders turkey so they get supplied easily . 
  and they 're still mammals . 
  expelled ?
