  do n't !, 
  the fact that it was a narrow victory and ellison being named deputy chair almost immediately makes it a significant victory for more leftist parts of democratic party . 
  it ai n't a great victory that could have been , but it is still a big step towards progress . 
  while not a great victory , ellison as deputy chair is still a significant victory for more leftists parts of democratic party . 
  while not a great victory , ellison as deputy chair is still a significant victory for more leftists parts of democratic party . 
  no , corbyn is a reactionary spineless moron . 
  bernie or busters really only exists on reddit , half of which are trumpster trolls . 
  pretty sure they lost due to comey 's letter in days before elections . 
  seriously , clinton overwhelmingly won all liberal and progressive capitals . 
  she lost due to independent rural voters in midwest going last minute to trump , who are not typically liberal nor progressive . 
  overwhelming majority of bernie supporters voted for clinton . 
  trump : 62,985,106 votes . 
  romney : 60,933,504 votes . 
  mccain : 59,948,323 votes . 
  no , trump had overperformed in reality . 
  give or take 20 years . 
  and to add to it :, 
  clinton : 65,853,625 votes . 
  obama in 2012 : 65,915,795 votes . 
  clinton lost less then 0.01 % of voters from obama in 2012 . 
  and let 's honest , trump would have attacked ellison if he won . 
  regardless of the outcome , trump would have still thrown shit at dnc either way . 
  but here 's a thing , clinton lost less then 0.01 % of votes that obama won in 2012 . 
  she pretty much gathered just as much voters as obama 's re-election campaign . 
  problem was , she got them in wrong states . 
  ah , then in that case progressives should just drop the towel and let republicans and trump to rule the country for 8 years until democratic party passes their purity test . 
  i mean , it 's not like compromising is how politics work , right ? 
  progressives are n't blamed . 
  it 's those who have purity tests and refuse to compromise are blamed . 
  you ca n't remove corruption from system without playing with it 's corrupt rules . 
  purists never changes anything for the better , only people who got their hands dirty did . 
  you literary just proved his point !, 
  do you have any self-awareness ? 
  if you remove california and texas , top two most populated us states , clinton would win both popular vote and electoral vote . 
  let 's go with rest of top 10 states . 
  3rd most populated state is new york , a blue state . 
  then 4th one is a swing state florida , but generally red state . 
  illinois is 5th , blue state . 
  and then 6th state is pennsylvania , another swing state usually leaning blue . 
  7th ohio , 8th michigan , 9th georgia and 10th north carolina . 
  all of those 4 states are or turning into swing states , leaning red . 
  these top 10 states have population of 175 million people , more then a half of us population . 
  and interestingly enough , 6 of these states got a ton of attention for us elections . 
  other state that got a ton of attention that does n't meet top 10 is iowa , arizona and wyoming . 
  it 's hugely absurd that 4 out of top 5 most populated us states get ignored in us states for those 3 smaller states , while lower half of top 10 do get a ton of attention . 
  and still every other small state is ignored along with the top 5 . 
  electoral system is just broken and it does n't work like it was intended as . 
  ec has to terminated and popular vote should be one that decides a president . 
  not even fucking nixon would allow a foreign power influence him . 
  he was a paranoid lunatic , but not a traitor to his country . 
  in a matter of fact , yes , campaigning should happen where 18 % of the country population is !, 
  it should absolutely not be neglected !, 
  and let 's not forget that california used to be a swing state , along with new york . 
  it 's the republicans own fault for not being able to appeal to either of those states . 
  lol , that actually fits perfectly with nixon vs trump, 
  holy shit , that was real ?!, 
  i thought it was edited for exaggerated comedic effect at the time . 
   fascism is a far right ideology . 
  socially yes , economically it 's centrist . 
  political chart as shown in this thread is still simplifying political spectrum , it 's just the best chart to show political spectrum visually as of yet . 
  really , you need to look at more complicated stats to have an accurate picture , but that requires an effort most people wo n't take . 
  because kushner is also very ambitious and is using his connections through ivanka to force himself into the white house . 
  and while / u/ndphillips says he has mostly moderate views , he still hugely corrupt and he forcing himself into white house is severely damaging as it sets even more dangerous precedent for post-trump future . 
  oh yeah , absolutely . 
  kushner might appear qualified to some , but only because trump and most of his staff is grossly unqualified . 
   bush killed a million people, 
  no he did n't . 
  because clearly 3 branches of governments system had failed . 
  us needs to modernize it 's democracy similarly like in france and/or germany . 
  france of this century mate . 
  hence i said france of germany . 
  uk , along with canada , have a godawful and outdated democratic system . 
  they 're only not as bad as us ones due to no electoral college . 
  but still pretty damn bad system 's . 
   however , the last time that happened to the us was wwii . 
  first us war with iraq was actually justified . 
  hussein 's aggression against kuwait was absolutely not tolerable . 
  but painting that takes the cake from gwb is a [ portrait of putin ] ( http://thecount.com/wp-content/uploads/vladimir-putin-george-w-bush-new-paintings-story-top.jpg ) . 
  my god that is one creepy ass portrait . 
  except george never did such thing . 
  issue was everyone was a giant fanboy around lucas and did not dared to second guess him . 
  only person ever to get what he wants after from lucas post-original movie trilogy was samuel l. jackson who insisted to have a purple lightsaber . 
  george really disliked to violate and change the lore for lightsaber colours as it was only red , blue and green , yet he caved in . 
  so george could have been convinced to change things by someone else , without getting replaced . 
  this is why they want to repeal aca so aggressively , so much that even bannon is opposing it repealing of aca now . 
  they want to push their christmas list first fast before trump does far more damage . 
  that would be amazing to see . 
  as sun tzu said , i 'm paraphrasing . 
  do n't try to correct your enemy 's mistake , let him continue doing it . 
  they wo n't though , afd is collapsing in polls . 
  due to trump , their refusal to admit holocaust happened on holocaust memorial and in-party leadership is collapsing . 
  udina even said it himself in me3 , he was the highest ranking government official known alive after reapers invaded earth . 
  and despite that , he had pretty much no real power as system 's alliance was almost completely destroyed and hackett was holding onto what was little left of human armies and fleets . 
  and then there is cerberus taking over human colonies and effectively defend them from reaper invasion . 
  although cerberus done so for conscription and human experiments , they still did a lot more to defend humans then system alliance . 
  in fact , system alliance and shepard were more concerned to help turians and krogans first then own species . 
  that 's what udina saw . 
  i wish bioware put an actual effort to show how udina was a tragic character desperate to try and save humanity . 
  i think he speaks rather slow when speaking normally , but he is able to talk fast as a salarian when doing voice acting . 
  texas would turn purple , but not blue .
