   i am sure not even salafis , could have foreseen the frankenstein entity coming . 
  that 's because he 's not a smart fella . 
  [ nato dismisses claims there was a russian naval drill and instead those navy ships had simply pass through the channel ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30248305 ) . 
  there 's a guard that prevents that , so it 's gon na protect you from slicing yourself easily . 
  [ then again , lightsabers are by design terrible for safety of the user in general ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdxxab4jqtc ) . 
  moral of the story ? 
  do n't jump on dallas 's head otherwise he 'll launch you to the space . 
  they boasted , but it was n't much of an evidence beyond that . 
  edison was secretly kebab albanian !, 
  sramota . 
  not sure , battle of vukovar still takes the cake on my book . 
  i added misleading tag because `` invaded '' part is , well , misleading . 
  but relations between croatia and serbia got utterly frozen despite over a decade work diplomacy for corporation . 
  it 's reasonable to assume serbia 's recent irresponsible and highly inappropriate diplomatic actions , which came out of nowhere , are influenced by putin . 
  very tired to explain right now , so i 'll respond you more specifically and detailed next morning , but you can google news over \u0160e\u0161elj and you might see some idea how badly serbian government is dealing with it . 
  which is odd , as croatia and serbia had other scandals of similiar weight , yet only caused short term stagnation in improving our relations . 
  especially now of all times as serbia was close to start real talks to join eu . 
  only thing that could cause this logically , is if putin given some sort of insurance to act like this . 
  but yeah , i 'm being vague on this , so next morning i 'll give you satisfying answer . 
  to be safe from bombing , be friend with usa . 
  why would ukraine allow that ? 
  it 's just a censorship so russians can tell whatever story they want afterwards . 
  they have been numerous police shootouts with chechen extremists for many years , but went unreported by anyone . 
  why ? 
  cause it gives false image that chechnya is very stable and chechen 's mostly love being part of russia . 
  and avoids criticism of how russian special police and military have very little care it 's citizens well being . 
  russia is far more dangerous then those guys . 
  while funny , it would be a horrible idea . 
  cause we 're having lot 's of islamist terrorist attacks in western world . 
  meanwhile , russia is invading ukraine through proxies , destabilizing eastern europe and likely making foundations to destabilize western balkans as well . 
  so yeah , i do find russia way damn worse then those middle eastern backwater morons who only have successes in some 3rd world countries and countries fucked by prolonged devastating wars . 
  this chechen islamist 's will be no different on danger scale . 
  it was attempted to pass such bill , but ukraine parliament quickly and overwhelmingly killed it . 
  difference is ukraine has eu and usa to help out , while russia is still trying to pretend it 's economic downfall is not that big of a deal . 
   destabilizing eastern europe, 
  by invading ukraine , kidnapping estonian official , increasing military build up in eastern europe , violating air space with military planes more this year then ever before and marking russian minorities to be possibly `` liberated '' from some eastern european countries . 
   making foundations to destabilize western balkans, 
  after putin visited serbian military parade and signed joint serb-russian military training , serbia went almost passively aggressive with croatia and eu . 
  which fully goes against their past decade and half foreign policy , in which they wanted to fix relations with croatia after the war and join eu . 
  putin had to have some secret deal with serbian government that gave them assurance to act like this all of the sudden . 
  cause other explanation is serbian government went full stupid over a day . 
  and with issues with kosovo and serb separatists in bosnia , that 's just recipe for disaster . 
  especially in bosnia , as serious violation of dayton peace treaty would only cause a new war in region . 
   and also please inform how afghanistan , syria and iraq and libya are getting on at the moment, 
  none of this places show there 's gon na be any threat against anyone but inside those countries and countries where islamist militants are already major problem for years . 
  though it was a berlin wall that was being built , not iron curtain . 
  i 'm talking about current situation in 2014 , not what happened in 1990 's . 
  i know that too damn well , as i 'm born and still live in croatia . 
  you deserved that for selling legion to cerberus . 
  oh boy am i still regretting my decision of not taking those points first . 
  i hate you . 
  hysteria of games causing violence never managed to get games of stores shelves , yet imaginary misogyny does with ease ? 
   just like after stalin died ( or was poisoned ) . 
  funny thing , some speculate tito assassinated him as retaliation for trying to assassinate him first . 
  likely only micro nations do n't have such people . 
  usa had very weak and slow response to support ukraine for most of the conflict . 
  why ? 
  cause whole euromaidan caught usa by surprise , while they were and still are busy in syria and iraq . 
  russia today is only mainstream channel , that has a major viewership in usa , that is always willing to interview him and give any coverage . 
  meanwhile cnn , fox news and other us mainstream media hates his guts for being fundamentally anti-establishment . 
  so his only real choice is russia today . 
  i guess al jazeraa too , though they grown into us mainstream only recently . 
  and likely have standards , unlike rt. 
  it was on their priority list to join eu , once getting independent . 
   ahmadinejad is like hitler . 
  but in a good way . 
  he shot himself ? 
  and now to export this to victoria 2 and see world burn due to balkans , again . 
  yes , it 's an unfinished product and part 2 of the game is delayed a few times already . 
  which is just absurd , considering how simple the game is while having massive backing at kickstarter and later through digital sales . 
  russia to win after causing all this shit ? 
  how about no . 
   ukraine and the united states would agree that ukraine would not be a candidate for nato membership , now or in the future . 
  utterly unacceptable !, 
  might as well say ukraine is for the russian taking . 
   nato would be unapologetically retained with its current membership . 
  but because of the new security arrangement , it could eschew further enlargement and increasingly play only a supporting role in european security , refocusing on missions outside of europe . 
  absurd !, 
  overwhelming majority of nato members are in europe and not to be focused on there , especially due to russia becoming highly warmongering , is just utterly absurd . 
   treaty is honored and most powerful corporations start taking planets and rename them the company name . 
  then build armies to start wars with earth . 
  tom clancy really given a bad influence on that nonsense . 
  why do they always paint colors of rebels having 100 % control of their area but ukraine army only partly ? 
   combat roles are of course out of the question ** for now ** . 
  soon , canada will show it 's real might . 
  better late then never . 
  they also did same with croatia during independence war . 
  no combat ready us soldier ever set foot in croatia , bosnia nor serbia , despite that . 
  you volunteer to fight at the donetsk airport . 
  war , the best diet . 
  and it forces pro-russian forces to build defensive lines at the airport and deploy troops there , instead of focusing on possible offensive plans on maripoul and debaltseve . 
  i editorialized title since youtube video title is a lie , while also whole putting up flags at the airport started to become quite silly . 
  true , but this flag was put really far away from the building they control and on very open ground . 
  is it ? 
  can someone verify it who knows this airport well ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  ti o\u010dito , nisi primjetio bit incidenta . 
  because they 're responsible for allowing separatists to get on power and maintain it . 
  so blaming separatists mean blaming themselves too . 
  it would not surprise me if some of ultranationalist croatian immigrants did this .
