  if they stopped , they would just become an easy target for another strike . 
  and that 's not counting shipping light and heavy weapons , ammo , food , clothes , basic hygiene needs and many more . 
  these guys look like bunch of skinhead neo-nazis , not communists . 
  i 'm so happy mand\u017euki\u0107 finally scored a goal after a long drought . 
  if inter keeps him . 
  i despise pro-russian forces , but even i ca n't bring myself to say they 're worse then nazi germany . 
  well not just worse , but not even half as bad as nazis . 
  [ x-post sa / r/mapporn ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/38wfim/most_common_foreign_citizenship_in_each_german/ ) . 
  that 's a very pessimistic attitude . 
  joffery will show some mercy to you if you stroke his ego enough . 
  not fucking ramsey , no . 
  if you bore him , you die . 
  very , very , very painfully . 
  and if he wants to torture someone or he 's been ordered to do something , you will be torture for long , long and long time very , very and very painfully . 
  joffery usually just gives you a quick death or can be convinced by his council not to kill nor torture you . 
  yeah , there was clearly no escape plan either and they got lucky that jorah was there to help and especially later when drogon showed up . 
  not a chance dario was behind this , unless he 's incredibly stupid to make such move . 
  and oh boy did they have it bad . 
  but still . 
  the north remembers and there is no king but the king in the north whose name is stark !, 
  as well , daario would have gotten killed too if it were n't for jorah and drogon . 
  only catalyst i know is [ this little shit . 
  ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120526085506/masseffect/images/c/c2/catalyst_kid.png ), 
  fdr was elected 4 times ( though died in middle of his 4th term ) . 
  it looks like he got flipped due to a crater created by ied explosion , not due to ied explosion itself . 
  he 's infected on left hand , he 's holding her with right hand . 
  she 's safe . 
  hopefully rebels are mounting a counter-attack . 
  stannis and night 's watch are not enough to beat the walkers , while night 's watch has very little food for themselves let alone for his sizable army . 
  stannis needs the north at very least to be capable to stop white walkers , but he 'll most likely needs rest of the westeros too . 
  under his rule or as allies . 
  since tyrion is still alive and do n't think there 's any way to divorce , sansa is still by law under lannister house . 
  what an obnoxious video . 
  i 'm just teasing you . 
  link ? 
  hvala !, 
  well i guess we could battle test degman tank there . 
  south koreans were as crazy ( and totalitarian ) as north koreans at the time . 
  south korea we know today was n't like it until 1990 's . 
  eeeh , taiwan considers itself a rightful government of an entire china not an independent state . 
   syrian , kurds , arabs, 
  isis ? 
   russians, 
  `` liberation '' . 
   chinese, 
  stealing their jobs ? 
   that seriously annoyed me how they got slaughtered by some guys with masks . 
  these masked guys got slaughtered much worse then unsullied , even before drogon came in . 
  what the hell is wrong with her acting ? 
  after 5 seasons and 9 episodes , i do n't see what you mean . 
  but he wisely decided not to fight the mountain for tyrion . 
   the ones that say it is n't are repeating the racist argument like a broken record, 
  i just dislike the series , i do n't need to throw racism arguments to avoid that game . 
  wow , i just got reminded she pretty much got her 8k strong army for free . 
  my guess is that whoever hired their army , would have capture slaves during conquest and sell them to them . 
  so their buyer would have a long term profitable reason not to betray them . 
  too bad for them that dany is anti-slavery . 
  that 's not how geopolitics work . 
  there 's no honor in pretending to surrender and then ambush your enemy that was ready to accept your surrender . 
  so fight til death for the dear leader assad ? 
  well my english derped once again . 
  pletikosa did announce his retirement from national team after world cup . 
  jesus christ , fans banned to enter and still someone managed to do this fucking shit !, 
  someone employed at poljud stadium could have done this . 
  half of middle east does n't recognize israel and most of that half is in afc . 
  it would be a massive headache to calculate for israel to avoid playing qualifications with these countries , so it 's simpler for israel to be in uefa . 
  plus , it helps that israel is culturally far more european then middle eastern . 
  but putin is avoiding a war with ukraine for a good reason , russia simply ca n't afford a war with ukraine and even less so occupy ukraine territory . 
  and this proxy was was already expensive . 
  also sanctions against russia would just skyrocket to borderline embargo , if not full on embargo . 
  also i 'm pretty damn sure pilots in these planes would not be suicidal and would return back to russia . 
  [ psg 's for football league 1 promo is much better ] ( https://amp.twimg.com/v/c1b89664-7fb8-47a8-baa5-50846d4cb9e2 ) . 
  [ youtube link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsyokp43ls8 ) . 
  cassacks are rather notorious of talking big but doing little action in this war . 
  ukraine has no reason to attack transnistria anyway , as they have no interest in it . 
  ukrainian fighters would escort those fighters too . 
  if russian fighters fight back , it would be an open declaration of war . 
  ryon survives that scene . 
  [ got telltale spoiler ] ( #p `` fucking ramsey snow and his bullshit bolton ninja skills ! '' ), 
  [ ukraine has 187 aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_air_force#aircraft_inventory ) . 
  and they are still using their aircraft , but not over donbas as russia given a lot of aa guns to pro-russian forces that set them up all over donbas . 
  if your economic policy failed due to poor luck , then your policies were pretty flawed . 
   two years ago , one would have thought invading and annexing crimea , as well stoking unrest in east ukraine , would n't be a good ide, 
  and it was n't a good idea , however nobody thought russia would be insane enough to do stupid move like that . 
  well philippines has a ton of political assassinations and lot more assassinations attempts in past decade and half . 
  it must be an interesting topic . 
  dayz is a joke , game still has less features then it 's mod on arma 2 . 
  false bastard king has no legitimacy , ramsey is still a snow !, 
  the night 's watch can rot and die at this point . 
  nothing but murderers and morons at this point . 
  from the wall to the king 's landing , may the westeros suffer under cold rule of white walkers . 
  and then king 's landing is gon na have a mass depopulation . 
  \u0160to to ima vez ... oh . 
  * chuckles *, 
  you do realized if it were n't for him , olly would n't backstab jon snow ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there would be someone else to finish of jon snow . 
  let 's not forget this was planned and there was nobody there to stop them . 
  should n't rebels focus on isis in northern aleppo ? 
  really ? 
  any links to that , because i missed it then .
