  just like this pro-russians !, 
  they 're not enforcing military dictatorship . 
   and the russian-opposition forces in the ukraine, 
  how in the world can ukraine become usa 's enemy ? 
  unless russia crushed ukraine and installs it 's own puppet regime . 
  who even calls putin to be a communist ? 
  well cod games are still ridiculously expensive . 
  i mean , 20 euros ( 14 on sale ) for cod1 ?!, 
  are you nuts activision ? 
  u tom se grmu skriva zec . 
  or just not enough people to do that . 
  mobs are incredibly dangerous , due to that . 
  military action is the only possible action . 
  neither side can agree on anything on negotiation tables and both sides are willing to fight for what they want . 
  so military action is required or turn tail and submit to the opposition . 
  euromadian did n't had an armem militia ready to fight . 
  and they did managed to get a deal in negotiations , since euromadian leaders were ready to compromise . 
  however , yanukovich was stubborn greedy lying cunt so broke the deal they made only a day after . 
  so no , yanukovich had no legitimate reason . 
  seriously , one this days i have to draw out to you people on this . 
  apparently words ai n't enough . 
  protesting against euromaidan , against intern government and to bring back yanukovich . 
  not to secede nor get autonomy nor for federalization nor become part of russia . 
  you mean after they ruthlessly , without provocation and illegally attacked peaceful protestors ? 
  people here have serious short term memory loss and forget how all this chronologically happen . 
  blasted , putin 's plans got spoiled once again . 
  this subreddit ripped apart monty phyton 's sketch at one point . 
  actualyl he did . 
  just that country 's shape makes it impossible to see . 
  croatia was desperate to escape from austria , so it sold it 's land to ukraine and moved to ukraine 's old turf . 
  sadly , austria still catch up to it . 
  hmh , council actually flat out said that ship was made by the geth . 
  the usa fought in russia ? 
  when and where ? 
  too bad it 's unplayable to play as croatia . 
  half of australia is a colony and you 're not a secondary power to do anything to fix that . 
  nope . 
  this is just a pathetic propaganda . 
  you 're not even trying . 
  he does n't , but his pira ... 
  i mean , disciples do . 
  did he died ? 
  berkut is also disbanded in ukraine , now only operating in crimea and russia . 
  those are remnants that joined the insurgents . 
  officially they 're no longer berkut . 
  at least it 's better then crimean referendum , just with that question . 
  i truly ca n't understand how ukrainian police can so fucking incompetent . 
  going crazy with russian propaganda . 
  no other news agency is reporting this . 
  and considering pro-rally protestors immediately went to help pro-russians once they realized what 's going on , no way that happen . 
  if that referendum even tried to be valid , question would be to do you support independence or not . 
  instead it 's that joke . 
  definitely goes under that subreddit . 
  moldavia gains from that , ukraine not so much . 
  besides dealing with the threat from behind slightly easier . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  parliament ca n't change until president signs start of new parliamentary elections . 
  intern president wo n't do that as they want to legitimize government change first . 
  nothing . 
  and that 's a problem . 
  massacre in odessa would have been avoided if not for their incompetence . 
  and after that , they released pro-russians detained after the massacre after a mob came to their police hq . 
  and some even surrendered their riot gear to some group of people ( still have no clue did they surrender to pro-russians or pro-ukrainians ) . 
  poland ai n't a joke anymore . 
   is there any evidence that lincoln enjoyed racist jokes ? 
  i love racist and stereotype jokes . 
  that does n't make you racist . 
  he even said that outright to tito , his most trusted foreign ally at the time , while soviet soldiers were raping serbs after liberation of beograd . 
  arrogance and insanity of that man had no borders . 
  if police is utterly incompetent and unwilling to do their duty , then civilian militia must be created to keep order until new police force is trained and equipped . 
  he 's considered a decent politician for entire eastern and southeastern europe standards . 
  which are pretty low , yes . 
  do n't be sad , croatia is going to the finals this year . 
  italy never beaten croatia , so i like the odds . 
  considering current police is unwilling to work , there 's no other option . 
  short term , anyway . 
  having nothing is even worse , especially with huge instability going on . 
  depends on timeline . 
  i noticed there 's a lot of pro-russian propaganda push in russian afternoon and evening time . 
  but for rest of the day , it get 's cleaned up into more objective reporting . 
  totally kind people !, 
  it was in the war ever since russia invaded crimea . 
  or they see talks are pointless unless russia recognizes change of government . 
  that 's the cost of armed rebellion . 
  their demands are unreasonable and illegal , as well are their actions . 
  as well they are a minority , but are a big one as they oppress the majority from speaking against them . 
  they 're basically terrorists and you do n't negotiate with terrorists but theirs or yours unconditional surrender . 
  tell me what i say !, 
  they are intimidating local population . 
  yesterday 's polls prove that overwhelming majority in the region does n't support actions of insurgents . 
  yet do n't show that in practice , due to frequent intimidation by the pro-russians . 
  they are a minority of city population . 
  but are collaborating with them . 
  it 's the only thing they have against hillary clinton . 
  i clicked the link and croatia is set in `` non-eu '' section for some reason . 
  it 's been almost a year since croatia joined eu , how did they failed to update that part , yet they did for unemployment ? 
   `` vatican in shock '', 
  no it ai n't . 
   as well as her age,
