  there was no true religion before judaism !, 
  not really , common russians still has access to internet to seek independent sources . 
  well , at least croats will have jobs in ukraine after the war in removing mines . 
  why should they give them free gas ? 
  especially when under control of enemy combatants . 
  not doing anything will make putin even more popular as he 'll have not only beaten the western powers , but also kept russian economy in good condition . 
  so for putin it would be a giant win and for the westerners and ukraine giant defeat . 
  that would only encourage putin to continue with his aggression on neighboring countries . 
  you cut the gas to people who do n't pay their bills for gas , you know . 
  it 's what all normal countries do . 
  thanks russia . 
  i really wanted to live in new cold war with nuclear weapons build up . 
  sure it 's gon na be short lived cause you 're nothing compared to what ussr was , but yeah . 
  good job . 
  at very least make usa drop funds into space exploration program , like in last cold war . 
  made in china, 
  except for the times when he 's not with russia and putin , just in this year . 
  war ended ? 
  russia going in war with ukraine would be a disaster for russia . 
  sure russia would most likely win , but with a giant economical , diplomatic and political cost . 
  so it should be in putin 's interest to not go to war with ukraine . 
  i 'm not on the list . 
  i must be doing something wrong . 
  wait , i 'm almost never on twitter !, 
  then i 'm doing it right . 
  i do when it 's hot summer . 
  little bit more detailed . 
  germany remains being slow as fuck to respond properly . 
  wtf did you do in the balkans ?!, 
  it 's not even close . 
  ea account = origin account, 
  that thing was merged years ago . 
  that one was n't his doing . 
  though he 's not even trying to ease tensions there either , however . 
   i absolutely adore the asian development scene ( south korea included ), 
  hmh , south korea is asian country you know . 
  bioware did it well with steve . 
  hell in scene where you get option to initiate romance with him , you can say you 're interested in the men as male shepard and still not initiate romance with steve and just remain as friends without any issues . 
  it was a nice minor and not blatant option to express your character to be gay/bisexual without needing to start a romance with a guy . 
   crovatia, 
  appropriate picture ? 
  this is their jobs . 
  it goes to show how out of touch with reality , putin is . 
  their tech part of their papers is a joke . 
  just a reminder that before princip shot them , \u010cabrinovi\u0107 hour before thrown a grenade on them . 
  though both archduke and sophie survived without even getting scratches , thanks to a miss-throw and car protecting them from explosion blast wave . 
   and the military-industrial complex would love a war with russia, 
  no , they 'd hate that . 
  they have lot 's of business with russia as well . 
  compared to russians , yes . 
  delusional . 
  that would be almost impossible as rebels mostly have troops stationed within populated areas . 
  [ shit , you beat me to it op ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rvumrlu.png ) . 
  i 'm utterly shocked ign has without any resistance nor any major consumer pressure focused on them , started to abide journalistic ethics properly . 
  i do hope it 's a permanent change and not temporary until gamergate dies down . 
  he was also one of the fastest sprinters in world cup this year , as well . 
  it was nuts watching him run like a roe . 
  if russia invades ukraine , then they are forced to abstain from any voting at unsc relating ukraine situation . 
  bosnia was an austro-hungarian only `` colony '' . 
  they were struggling to pay him even before sanctions on russia were taken into place . 
  croatia always had a good team , but in 90 's we had top of the world class team . 
  italy vs croatia . 
  this match will either give a massive advantage for one of those two favorites if one wins or keep them at uneasy stalemate in case of a draw for rest of qualifications . 
   this final record of this articles actions are : 2 straw men bayonetted in training , 1 stalemate in the trenches , 2 tactical withdrawals , 4 defeats and just 1 lie gloriously conquered . 
  with a record like that they could even make the austro-hungarians look good . 
  buuuuuuuuuuuurn !, 
   england suffered so everyone must not find use in it . 
  tell that to the poles , ukranians , lithuanians , estonians , latvians , czechs , ** croats , serbs , bosnians , **, 
  we 'd take austria-hungary over kingdom of yugoslavia any time . 
  true . 
  plus , italy is guilty for creation of kingdom of yugoslavia anyway . 
  state of slovenes , croats and serbs would have been interesting , if it were n't for the fact they had no army against italy who wanted big chunk of shs territory that the allies promised . 
  and shs to avoid major losses ( it lost istria and later city of rijeka ) , it allowed to be annexed by kingdom of serbia which was still part of the allies . 
  so damn you italy , you screwed us over !, 
  just wanted to rant a bit on it . 
  what the fuck would she be doing in ukraine ? 
  giant shame referee did n't see that blatant handball . 
  it should have ended in a draw . 
  great match . 
  reserves were brilliant today !, 
  and nice of kova\u010d to allow vargi\u0107 to make a debut in last minutes . 
  no , they stole the ball cleanly off messi . 
  nobody puts micro transactions post-release . 
  whatever happen to lavrov ? 
  not that i miss that clown . 
  he was always at unsc in past , so i got it mixed up . 
  fairly recent ethnic cleansing of native population . 
  ww2 and yugoslav wars were far worse and way more recent then us made ethnic cleansing of native americans , when it comes to ethnic cleansing and genocide of minorities and `` undesirable '' ethnicity 's . 
  that reminds me when chobot did ( horrible ) voice acting in me3 , she has exempt herself from reviewing the game and someone else who reviewed it in ign had noted in review she did voice acting in the disclosure . 
  why big ben ? 
  what happened to them at wc , though ? 
  reality has a bias in favor of kiev too . 
  i 'm offended !, 
  talk about well intentioned speech worded so damn poorly that sounds so terrible . 
  to claim ea is the worst company in usa is just childish and out of touch with reality . 
  yet ea got that award twice . 
  i think capello ca n't wait to get sacked too . 
  til usa committed genocide on poor imperial japan in 1940 . 
  plus the ruins make up for great defensive structures . 
  i love you peri\u0161i\u0107 !,
