  they hear some sort of digital alarm sound and all went gtfo out of that room , thinking it was a potential bomb . 
  shows they trained well for such scenario . 
  and considering they 're wasting troops on that crash site to attempt a cover up , it may end even sooner then a week . 
  true , but having buk itself captured would be a far better evidence . 
   but they may have enough weapons and ** manpower ** to hole up in donetsk for half a year, 
  do they ? 
  they sent some reinforcements to luhansk due to ua 's massive attack . 
  as well they sent troops to crash site and not leaving to not allow proper investigation . 
  and whole conflict they had problem to get enough people to join forces from locals . 
  while their forced conscription were failure as they did n't had manpower to commit to that either . 
  as well they never had full control of entire city , just that there was no resistance from locals ( but no real support in long while either ) nor from police . 
  i do n't see them having enough manpower to hold out for a month in a major city , let alone half a year . 
  unless he manages to escape to russia . 
  russia is already harboring a few serb war criminals without giving a shit . 
  actually , russia would most likely give black box to ukraine . 
  violating international aviation rules is something what russia truly ca n't afford to do . 
  they should n't , as crash did n't happen in russia , plane was n't theirs and no casualty from plane crash is russian . 
  but insurgents said they 'd send it to moscow , so that 's how russia would get it . 
  russia would n't risk such cover up as fucking up would actually give serious consequences . 
  they still are rebels , but are also terrorists and murderers . 
  just like taliban . 
  but russia may leave . 
  crimea is a lost cause for them . 
  that planned bridge is gone to the wind , peninsular has no drinking water nor electricity , it 's only economy tourism is falling apart as nobody wants to visit them , while russian tourists are unable to come in droves either due to trains have to go through warzone and military aged men are banned to come to ukraine from russia . 
  russia ca n't afford to keep crimea without land connection , despite major gas deposits in black sea near crimea . 
  sure , crimea is a symbolic victory for putin but it will cost him far more to keep it then to abandon it . 
  most likely scenario is he 'll make crimea secede , make it become independent state and become new south osetia . 
  one of biggest fears for putin is ukraine like euromaidan revolution in russia . 
  and while whole time world was focused on russian invasion of ukraine , he was suppressing political dissident much harder then in past . 
  for the moment i thought it meant something to do with alex jones and his infowars site . 
  well while i 'm fully wrong , i was n't that far off . 
  well not while merkel and her political lookalikes are in charge . 
  she 's too spineless when it comes to international politics , too fiscally focused for german economy . 
  at this moment , it might be too late . 
  unless england , france and germany manage to make quick hosting organization together . 
  all 3 have infrastructure for , it while stadiums would n't need major development ( germany hosted wc in 2006 , france is hosting euro 2016 and england always has top of the line stadiums ) . 
  killing out of neglect is still a big crime . 
  and a war crime too !, 
  well russia was head of investigation as plane crashed in russia , due to international aviation rules . 
  how would separatist stop fighting if cease fire is made ? 
  they already violated last cease fire and every cease fire so far only managed to extend war further , committing more casualties . 
  who gives a shit about them ? 
  maybe truck got some technical problems , so buk had to go by itself ? 
  international aviation rules is one thing russia ca n't afford to violate . 
  that does n't explain fictional propaganda though . 
  well there 's nobody else qualified to investigate the site but them on the ground . 
  well , nobody else would drive buk all alone in middle of nowhere . 
  it 's a high tech and super expensive aa weapon . 
  you do n't just drive it around without an escort , unless you really want to move it somewhere fast out of desperation . 
  russian propaganda machine is full of fictions . 
  basically , not reality . 
  i do n't remember if they mentioned that student by name , so i do n't know . 
  12 indonesians were on board , but impossible to say was one of them that student . 
  but yeah , if it get 's confirmed one of killed on flight is a student , that will legitimize that radio chatter . 
  or russia falls under chaos of some new revolutionary war and ukraine can exploits that to take back crimea . 
  which is possible , as russia ai n't exactly a stable country despite putin 's massive work on stabilization . 
  this claim needs actual evidence . 
  [ i thought it was used for spying !, 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1996/12/09/world/ex-soviet-pilot-still-insists-kal-007-was-spying.html ), 
  even that too !, 
  i kinda went with , for sake of argument , if video was like recorded before the conflict , it would n't make sense to be driven alone without escort in some random place . 
  when they feel like it ? 
  or poland manages to win some court case that obliges russia to return their property ? 
  it 's a weird legality limbo in this . 
  that 's a lot of dislikes . 
  putin 's bots or just / r/atheist neck-beard types invaded ? 
  because black box is an evidence of an investigation russia legally run . 
  hence that weird legality limbo . 
  either should be kept in russia as secured evidence or returned to poland as they own it . 
  utter disaster !, 
  i ca n't imagine how families and friends of the death must feel now . 
  makes sense then . 
  i know you most likely do n't know english , but could you step on a lego barefoot ? 
  sincerely , nato . 
  black box has flight recording data . 
  with it , investigators can calculate where plane was shot and where the missile came from approximate area . 
  if it 's rather deep in insurgent territory as it 's assumed , then most likely it would prove it 's insurgents to be blamed . 
  well i do n't know ukranian nor this crowd , so they were just a crowd that just prayed from my perspective . 
  this is putting radio chatter legitimacy to question now . 
  insurgent may have misread university name ? 
  or might be former student that kept something on him as souvenir from his former university ? 
  it 's just a weird thing that someone would fabricate such thing in short notice , act very naturally and add in those random small details . 
  either sbu is the best propaganda maker or insurgent just misinterpreted somehow on that thing . 
  perhaps russian minorities should n't want russians `` protecting '' them . 
  though i 'd like to note that nobody in ukraine is even close to starvation . 
  everyone is still able to get basic needs for life . 
  ignoring bullets and bombs , for the moment . 
  rather disgusting treatment of the dead . 
  also seceding referendums needs years of preparations , so that the people in affected are know fully well what are the ups and downs . 
  and ofcourse , ukraine has to approve legality of seceding referendums within their country . 
  countries like russia and usa do n't allow their states to secede , while united kingdom and canada do . 
  ukraine should decide to give right for their states/autonomy 's / regions to secede first . 
  and just like uk and canada , give proper enough time for people to hear arguments for pros and cons on seceding or staying . 
  croatia had a lot of irregular militias and as well far-right militias too , during the war in 1990 's . 
  however once war ended , all those militias disbanded voluntary and most members given up their weapons . 
  only some kept some weaponry for themselves , fearing of new war in close future . 
  while true , they never did some revolution like euromaidan did , however in ukraine case they are getting many of their demands met , while others are soon to follow . 
  so i doubt they 'll make a big fuss to stability to the country . 
  however they still might do lot 's of problems to russian minorities , as well to gays and some foreign tourists . 
   it 's a warzone .
