  i wonder why . 
  but 19 years would be fine ? 
  is it really desperate ? 
  afterall rebels did plan an offensive on south aleppo for long while , way before regime started to attack at north aleppo . 
  this is a fantasy , there is no way anyone can hold that open area without any strong point . 
  that sort of attempted encirclement would have been quickly destroyed by rebels . 
  you can install rocket pods on mi-8 . 
  and [ this picture ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/coxiajmw8aacbpx.jpg:large ) from wreckage confirm this mi-8 had rockets pods . 
  they 're still journalists . 
  advocating for war crimes is a logical thing ?!, 
  that 's just being sick !, 
  so they lost two t-90 's , like you just stated . 
  by whom ? 
  this is a first official mention of second stage starting . 
  what fantasy , us is still on assad most leave policy . 
  so again , main policy did n't change . 
  well that bmp is a goner . 
  any chances for crew to survive this hit ? 
  almost as if saa is doing a work for rebels . 
  rebels want to tie down regime forces in north aleppo , while main offensive force blitzes through south aleppo . 
  and it 's also a repost . 
  map is most likely outdated . 
  as much as i agree with op on this happening , i also have to agree with you that it 's still too early to call . 
   well . 
  their first `` phase '' has nothing to show for it . 
  how is [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cotmqkgvyaamntn.jpg:large ) nothing to show for it ? 
  with keeping most , if not all , of captured area by today . 
  and now they surrounded artillery base on two sides in second phase of offensive . 
  this are some huge gains in 1 day and half and offensive continues to roll forward . 
   only real gain is the 1070 , but thats been lost in the meantime, 
  [ debunked ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/4vmsq0/hassan_ridha_on_twitterramouseh_artillery_base_is/ ) , rebels control most if not entire 1070 . 
  and these gains are massive , considering how close they are now to lift the siege . 
  rebels only need to capture artillery base and regime will be helpless to stop rebels from lifting the siege off eastern aleppo , while effectively besieging western aleppo . 
  well offensive was planned months in advance , so it is possible they prepared a tunnel bomb for the base . 
  but we can only wait and see did they do that . 
  area is contested , but rebels control most of 1070 . 
  so quickly ? 
  damn , i 'm even more impressed . 
  i agree , saa had no time to prepare as they never expected for rebels to ever penetrated through defences that rebels did penetrate through . 
  [ this is not mere 2 kilometres ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cox7sl0wcaaj7tb.jpg:large ) . 
  ah so like greeks , japanese took the roman empire mantle once italians screwed up and lost . 
  well , same thing probably happened in op 's campaign just at shorter time spam . 
  that 's some strangely adult commercial for porridge . 
  yep . 
  while unlike pawns in chess , people have their own free will . 
  petyr knows this well , unlike cersei . 
  which is actually a nice distinction . 
  cersei knows the theory of politics very well , but she 's rather lacklustre when putting it in practice . 
  but it 's not a wrong claim , though . 
  there is a clear russian bias in this game . 
  just this guy is just ... awful . 
  awful arguments . 
   germans , they used to be superior in everything , then comunism came, 
  so , communism is superior to germans ? 
  the lack of self-awareness is just priceless . 
  well i played all total war games but for original shogun and medieval , as well atilla . 
  yet i ca n't help myself but to say warhammer being my the favourite total war game . 
  and we did n't even get to have a real expansion yet . 
  i feel bad for whoever was defending those walls that archaon breached through . 
  everything in this screenshot is amazing . 
  that makes sense , actually . 
  on paper , not so much in practice . 
  yeah , that was just plain terrible writing . 
  so regime attacking from north aleppo and besieging entire eastern aleppo is fine , yet rebels trying to lift that siege is inexcusable ? 
  what ?!, 
  you 're utterly absurd !, 
  ma super , \u010dak su i ostali videji odli\u010dni na tom kanalu . 
  hitler thought the same , still does n't remove the fact he 's evil . 
  several million people dying over that was n't worth it . 
  but ofcourse , stalin wanted ussr to be a world great power so fuck people 's well being . 
  he wanted to have an empire really quickly . 
  perfect for whole 2016 really . 
   who was one of the most despised characters in all of star trek . 
  maybe the most despised, 
  in tng , sure . 
  all of star trek ? 
  [ this guy takes the rotten cake ] ( http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/neelix ) . 
  then assad should step down . 
  oh wait , he 's too stubborn to let go of his power and he chooses to let his country burn to keep it . 
  military reforms and assad do n't go eye to eye . 
  or are very organized and planned their offensive well ? 
  something like that , emphasizing desperation and meat grind . 
  iraq and libya are in far , far , better shape then syria is today . 
  except for the fact that rebels had planned this offensive months in advance . 
  long before regime started to attack north aleppo . 
  assuming rebels ever lost it in first place . 
  1070 has been contested the moment rebels captured it first time , every time regime claimed to have captured it back has been proven wrong . 
  except that 's hardly the case , both sides has suffered equal amount of losses . 
  that 's very specific number , source . 
  except you forget the fact that on first 2 days regime 's defensive lines had completely broken and routed quickly , making rebels taking light casualties in initial push as opposed to regime 's forces taking heavy loses in a rout . 
  plus for alleged 800 killed that rusian mod claimed , there sure is lack of any photographic and video evidence . 
  when they claimed rebel heavy losses in north aleppo few weeks ago , there was at least some evidence provided . 
  right now there 's nothing to back up their claims . 
  they are bombed 24/7 in idlib . 
  not so much in aleppo . 
  by the ancestor gods , kill the abomination !, 
  well , i did n't expect i 'll see that first in the morning . 
  if only i could micromanage effectively , then i might start using chariots . 
  they 're telling that message pretty damn poorly that way . 
  no evidence of such claim .
