  it is pretty much a modern phenomena for little to no violence is occurring in politics in most of the world . 
  it 's in human tribal nature , really . 
  when something that feels like a threat to you and your group of people , you get physical to intimidate or eliminate that threat . 
  your father or alec ryder ? 
  suvi 's va is irish who tries to do scottish accent with mixed success . 
   said outside of that he was a nice enough guy . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  was n't he actually pretty great general , only kinda made a major friendly fire fuck up at sicily . 
  nah , it would n't . 
  because they always think they 'll get away with it . 
  death penalty is just barbaric and it has no place in modern time , as well it is ineffectual . 
  you ca n't hang millions of people , it 's both immoral and unpractical . 
  although we 'd then have to deal with ussr . 
  afterall , they kinda did invaded finland , baltics , poland and romania . 
  do n't underestimate stalin 's stupidity though . 
  afterall , he did made a pact with hitler , thinking he 'd respect that pact even to the point when majority of german military was on german-soviet border and kgb was screaming at stalin 's ears that germans are about to invade . 
  during combat they were killed , not mass executed after taken prisoners . 
  pow 's count as losses too . 
  doubtful , german intelligence and counter-intelligence were a pathetic joke compared to soviet and british counterparts . 
  yes , she has a thing for drack , well krogans in general but especially for drack . 
  president bannon approves !, 
  political memes are just cheaply made propaganda poster created by people , instead of mass produced political party/state founded propaganda posters . 
   and russian oil are ( probably ), 
  i 'll actually let this one slide to russians . 
  only anglo-american oil companies are against alternative energies and deny existence of global warming . 
  meanwhile every other oil industry world wide invests a ton in alternative green energy technology , because they know oil wo n't last forever and are slowly moving to become developers and providers of alternative green energy technology . 
  i mean , shit , is n't saudi arabia one of the leading countries in green energy technology development ? 
  and their country depends a ton on oil exports both economically and politically . 
  yet they have foresight to realize , global warming is a real issue and oil will run out some day . 
  it 's really unique to anglo-american oil companies . 
  sadly they 're , while not the richest , but the most powerful and influential ones . 
  that 's what they actually want . 
  they do n't care if us is really great , all they care about it a white president jerking them off that us is great . 
  actually many did . 
  yeah , this . 
  while putin is capable to do planning , he is only capable to plan for short term outcomes and gains . 
  he has zero insight on long term planning and strategizing . 
  only reason putin managed to get so far is because russia is weak , it 's neighbours are weak and west is too apathetic to help those said neighbours . 
  except greeks hate their government as well . 
  no , what they really care about is to piss off the liberals and oppress minorities . 
  that is just objectively wrong . 
  it was a major rarity for shepard to show emotions outside of me3 . 
  and even then , it was rare . 
  in me : a ryder had shown far more emotions in first 5 hours of the game then shepard did in entire trilogy . 
  contracts with retailers prohibit them to release digital editions before physical editions are out . 
  as long as you are not buying anything outside of your correct region , it 's fair game for ea . 
  because if you do buy stuff from another region , not only you are then breaking terms of condition but also breaking the law . 
  by buying from another server region , you do n't pay vat tax . 
  you know , tax evasion . 
  and both you and ea would get into trouble for that . 
  so pretty much do n't buy anything while you are in different server region through vpn gate . 
  this is a same case for steam and other digital stores . 
  also cd projekt red has it 's own motion cap studio and years worth of experience . 
  meanwhile , bioware needed aid from fifa developers to do all the motion capping . 
  which did wonders for movement and combat animations for me : a , but not even fifa devs do advanced motion cap for facial animations . 
  let alone bioware devs who had probably for first time ever worked with motion cap . 
  you do realize me : a was not only developed for 5 years , but also got delayed by 6 months ? 
  i do n't see how extra few months of delay would have helped . 
  bioware edmonton did most of the work for singleplayer , while bioware montreal for multiplayer . 
  kotaku is wrong . 
  they 're transitioning to take over mass effect ip , but it is mainly developed by bioware edmonton . 
  majority of me : a senior staff are from bioware edmonton and they are basically calling all the shots . 
  it is intended for bioware montreal to take over mass effect ip , but it will not happen until after me : a is out , as well a critical and marketing success . 
  because shepard hardly did any emotes . 
  most likely an oversight . 
  and you can get a refund with no questions asked on origin , within 2 weeks of purchasing or release date in case of pre-order . 
  me : a was developed for freaking 5 years and it had 6 months delay . 
  i do n't see how many more months of delay would have helped , without getting the game stuck in development hell . 
  yeah , these are design issues not technical issues . 
   just like mass effect 3 's ending, 
  bioware still refuses to acknowledge me3 endings were bad . 
  i think the biggest issue with facial animations is actually just poor lighting on nexus station . 
  neon light are everywhere and there 's non-existent shadows under the eyes so few npc 's look like androids instead of human . 
  with that there 's some issues with turian and salarian eyes blinking and permanent smile on default ryder . 
  i do n't think it will take too long for bioware to fix these things , unless issues persist even beyond nexus . 
   from the various first impressions i 've read , people are criticizing more than just the animations . 
  they are criticizing things like story , writing , and voice acting , all of which are pretty important to the mass effect experience . 
  while almost everyone brings up facial animations and cc , barely anyone says anything remotely negative about story , writing and voice acting . 
  overwhelming majority of people said those things are at the very least very good . 
  i 'm honestly glad i discovered destiny because there 's finally someone entertaining while giving a good smackdown on anti-sjw crowd without being sjw himself . 
  it 's just a breathe of fresh air . 
  or you just view the glass is half empty . 
  also it could be a bug on origin time counter display . 
  like when i played me : a trial last time it said i played 9 hours with less then 1 hour left . 
  but then day later it 's showing i played 8 hours , while still say i have less then 1 hour left . 
  so i think it 's a bug on displaying you wrong amount of time you played . 
  except perez is a liberal progressive who is just capable to work with the establishment democrats and rich donors . 
  meanwhile ellison get 's to be face of the party and keep his congressional seat that will be super important for 2018 midterms . 
  really , perez winning and naming ellison his deputy is a big victory for liberal progressive wing . 
   synthetic anthros, 
  you mean androids . 
  so what you 're saying is if me : a does n't meet perfection of me2 , it will be mostly a bad game ? 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  right ? 
  you can also have different helmet from your armour . 
  that word looks like someone who misspelled the word android after hearing it for first time . 
  i would n't know , i did not watch enough of his content to notice he said that . 
  what impression i did got is that he is fighting for social justice and equality . 
  however that does not make him an sjw , a far-left reactionary who actively looks for problems in things there are none or trivial and if it fails causes problems to argues there are problems . 
  at least that 's how i view what sjw 's are .
