  hmh , did n't thought of that . 
  well , this is my first successful long campaign in hoi3 . 
  currently i 'm building massive line of defensive structures with soviet borders , since i 'll surely be outnumbered and my manpower is too low ( mainly lost too much when battling bulgaria , made too many noob mistakes that cost me lot casualties ) . 
  and i would like to add i 'm not in war with the allies , for some reason . 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  thank you . 
  it 's with allies , so too afraid to feel their wrath . 
  well , i refuse every call to join germany in war . 
  instead 'm neutral in whole world war and just giving supplies and fuel to germany and italy . 
  heck , this works for germany since ussr is massing troops on my borders , expecting me to join germany and get steamrolled by their forces . 
  instead , they 're just there sitting doing nothing while germany is succeeding to keep stalemate . 
  update :, 
  [ europe 1943 status ] ( http://i.imgur.com/akxtfka.jpg ) , poor belgium did n't avoid it 's fate once germany conquered france . 
  it 's pretty much a stalemate now . 
  despite conquering leningrad very early in war , germany did n't do any major breakthrough after it . 
  in fact it started to get pushed back and look to lose war , but managed to pull itself together and get back to this front . 
  yugoslavia , despite being in axis , not helping germany by joining war . 
  this is in fact helpful to germany more , as i would be just steamrolled by soviets and would just flank germany 's forces . 
  instead i 'm just giving them supplies and fuel , while soviets are massing troops on my borders expecting my attack . 
  instead , i do n't do it and those forces ai n't assisting eastern front . 
  italy did great in africa and middle east , until uk invaded vinchy france in tunisia and attack from other side . 
  in other words , italy got screwed . 
  while greece whole time is in stalemate with italy , not giving up it 's last victory point . 
  good job greece . 
  nope , i refuse every offer germany gives to me to join war with them . 
  how the hell is half life 1 more expensive then half life 2 , episode 1 and 2 ? 
  sure just by 1 euro ( disregarding -75 % sale ) , but still . 
  pretty bizarre . 
  first thing i got with poland is science victory . 
  so , they can get into space . 
  how do you cry out of rage ? 
  well , videos on history tend to be longer then 10 minutes . 
  hour ( s ) long , in fact . 
  and this video is debunking documentary that claims to be about real world human history . 
  and he debunks it mostly with actual historical evidence . 
  at least france and ferrara are consistent . 
  next time , italy takes on uk in egypt and balkan partisan insurgency . 
  [ nah , they rejected him when he was nominated for nobel prize ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiratard/comments/1nnc4m/rconspiracy_outraged_about_putin_being_nominated ) . 
  formatting , what 's that ? 
  `` the knights of malta '', 
  wait , they 're also target of conspiracy theories ? 
  that nazi guy looks like an alien . 
  then again , pocahontas movie just flat out sucked . 
  well , that goes to show tactics and luck are hugely important in war . 
  big american titties . 
  ghandi , is that you ? 
  so , that means hitler won . 
  cause , nearly entire europe is literary nazi . 
  according to ted cruz . 
  [ peta seems to have similar belief ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxaak0ij2vq ) . 
  yep , can confirm those dirty serbs exist !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joking ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ofcourse . 
  somewhere out there , creator of this is regretting making those . 
   calling any mainstream american political party `` far left '' is laughable . 
  seriously , by any worldwide political standard , the democratic party is slightly left-of-center at best . 
  not really , they 're not considered even on center . 
  democrats are at best , center-right . 
  heck , christian did n't even exist when roman empire abandon their `` democracy '' . 
  well this one is original , but i think it 's due to some guy watched a ton of documentaries on roman empire before playing rome 2 total war . 
  and since usa and rome are compared a lot , hence this stupid comparison . 
  we like being original . 
  so that 's why cyrillic is being pushed to be used in vukovar . 
   but with the fire sticks being so effective, 
  i hate those things with burning passion . 
  ruined siege battles , while being ahistorical and gamey nonsence . 
  so like golden dawn in greece ? 
  heck , there 's school to educate children how to `` destroy '' nuclear weapons . 
  i 'm hugely amazed a.i. 
  croatia managed to exist . 
  context . 
  had there was a ww1 between germany , uk and usa ( with a ton of minor allies ) vs russia , france and italy ( also serbia and persia ) over crisis to free latvia from russia . 
  in short , me as germany was annihilating russian troops while china took opportunity mid-war and attacked russia . 
  though despite massive numerical advantage , chinese troops were annihilated by what was left of russian army . 
  due to that battle score was very low for china and required to occupy most of russia . 
  war did n't end until few more years . 
  heck , china did n't managed to pull back most of their troops home before another great war happen ( but not really world war as it was quite short and in smaller scale ) . 
  i actually had a lot of divisions during the war , but i disbanded most of them after it to retrain my troops ( and reduce fuckery with undermanned divisions ) . 
  romania can form while still being a ottoman puppet ? 
  wait , a.i. 
  greece can be formed ? 
   ** the fifth bolgia : ** nationality and heritage denialism, 
   this is the hell for those that claim that certain nations do not exist for whatever reason . 
  this is most often done with poland . 
  also includes those with with the belief that the french are , and always have been bad aat war , and the like . 
  to this day i still wonder , how terrible balkan bad history did n't come up to this subreddit . 
  not even once , because this one is the biggest and the most often offense done . 
  i guess because it 's mostly done on youtube comment section , when talked on english . 
  though , did that one ever happen ? 
  or at least it appeared on r/badhistory ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  oh wow , wikipedia . 
  where english version is greatly moderated , but in other languages not so much . 
  especially from balkans . 
  for example croatian wikipedia is literary run by neo-nazis and in it they are flat out put articles to deny holocause existence , many nazi war crimes ( especially by croatian nazis ) and limiting severely what to put on lgtb article . 
  it 's so bad , even government ministers are aware of it and warning people publicly about it . 
  ofcourse , admins and mods deny their neo-nazism . 
  while they spout their neo-nazi beliefs moments later . 
  heh , pretty much reason why i only visit english version of wikipedia . 
  too much bias on croatian version .
