  pjaca should have not be allowed to be in a national team . 
  \u010corluka and vida are doing fine , but they should n't be the one doing crosses that much time . 
  why is our midfield going and passing the ball so much back to defense ? 
  for fuck sake !!!, 
  we shoot 3 times at goal , nothing . 
  they shoot once , they fucking scored . 
  for fuck sake !, 
  come on oli\u0107 !, 
  turn the game over for us !, 
  fuck this match !, 
  fuck this team !, 
  fuck this coach !, 
  fuck this game !, 
  fuck this !, 
  i 'm fucking out !, 
  i think meant that symbol at very top of picture in middle . 
  [ shamefur dispray !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6zq6zqeqg0 ), 
  [ shamefur dispray !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6zq6zqeqg0 ), 
  kova\u010d should get sacked . 
  this is a totally pathetic and clueless management . 
  i ca n't believe i was defending him until recently . 
  looks like malta is superior to croatia now . 
  azerbaijan ai n't giving him way any times soon and i doubt prosine\u010dki would want to leave without at least spending a whole year with the team . 
  that 's because he was misused . 
  oli\u0107 simply can not be used from start , instead be used in last 30 minutes as a strong ace to penetrate tired opponents defense . 
  similarly how germany used klose in wc . 
  due to his age had no stamina , but he was used smartly by being subbed in middle of second half . 
  then stamina was n't an issue and he was nightmare for opponents defense . 
  costa rica really loved doing offside traps at wc . 
  and oh boy were they masterful at it . 
  if one thing can cure my depression of croatia possibly not qualifying , it would be iceland winning the euro . 
  because we recognize each balkan state existing . 
  meanwhile , half of middle east does n't consider an israel existing as a state at all . 
  so it 's a tad bit problematic . 
  so greece near bankruptcy will align with russia that is on slow economical collapse ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
   attack the rebels in aleppo ? 
  they tried that in february and it was a catastrophic failure . 
  i would love translation . 
  catholic church could n't be arsed to care about racial purity nonsense . 
  people and countries had changed over centuries . 
  except for the fact that most secular rulers in middle east are oppressive dictators that rule their country with an iron fist for their own personal and family interests . 
  and considering many secular and progressive european countries today used to be very religiously zealous and theocratic but transitioned peacefully and democratically to what they are today , then perhaps we should let islamists to win . 
  history shown society needs to evolve into tolerance , forcing it will only radicalize it until breaking point until revolutions , coups or civil wars happen . 
  for better or worse . 
  in oppressive dictatorships and oligarchies ( which you so lovingly defend as if somehow leads to progress , open society and humanism ) select few only work to keep the power for themselves and family , while being out of touch with reality and lack awareness on livings standards of country population . 
  and also totalitarian governments tend to be very isolated from the world to not allow any `` wrong '' idea to reach within it 's borders , as well are despised by most of the worlds national governments and under high risk of economical sanctions . 
  meanwhile with theocratic government systems ( specifically religiously based democracy ) , there is some form of meritocracy as you need to be pious and diplomatic to move up in that system , clergy interacts with all forms of society ( from poorest to middle class to richest ) on daily basis so is well aware of people 's actual living standards and cares about it , while people 's voice can actually matter as long as you do n't say something blasphemous to religion itself , but still allowed to say negative things to people in power . 
  basically , totalitarian and oppressive secular governments have no incentive to progress unless it helps the individuals in power . 
  while theocratic forms of governments do have an incentive to progress , as their religious beliefs tell them to do care for all people and they tend to grow more tolerant , more secular , more humanist in long term . 
  just look at history of every nordic country . 
  all of them were religious zealots , never had oppressive secular dictatorship yet through peaceful and democratic means had grown more tolerant and secular with support of the clergy of the respective countries . 
  same thing is happening in iran for past half a decade , where many in clergy support and even help to organize iranian green movement , a secular and humanist movement . 
  that sort of thing is unimaginable in a totalitarian , dictatorial and oligarchical oppressive forms of governments . 
  but hey , i guess them being secular will magically make society progress . 
  because religion is by default evil and anti-progress , obviously . 
  any other source that is n't russia today ? 
  rt is still highly untrustworthy . 
  better source is needed . 
  who are these most people ? 
  thank you . 
  most assad supporters thinks he 's a lesser evil ? 
  well that makes sense then . 
  so story is true , ** but ** greece has n't denied the request like previously said . 
  whole two syrians !, 
   between arming isis and assad i think the choice is extremely clear . 
  except there are other factions in this war . 
   the real question is why is everybody ignoring the fact that us led coalition is arming isis ? 
  because it 's an utterly absurd statement . 
  there is none . 
  that 's turkey doing , without consent of us led coalition . 
  and we do n't even know how much of turkish government truly involved either . 
  as in whatever erdogan 's government is aware that some government officials and military personal are supplying isis but does n't do anything about it or erdogan government is actively involved in supplying isis . 
  either way , us led coalition does not approve of that , but do n't make a massive fuss about it publicly as turkey is a too important nato member . 
  but still putting pressure to seize that activity and focus on defeating isis , instead of attacking kurds who are us de-facto ally . 
  yugoslav wars . 
  also i remember watching a documentary about bismarck that main reason why biplanes were successful is because german aa crew were trained to shoot down much faster planes modern planes . 
  as well aa weapons were made to shoot down much faster planes . 
  hence bismarck kept overshooting biplanes as aa crew could n't properly adjust to the situation and in the end sank . 
  replying to a comment counts as an upvote on youtube comments system . 
  i do n't know why google and youtube made that abysmal decision , but that 's how it works . 
  jesus , they are pulling every damn move serbia did during and after yugoslav wars . 
  `` strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory . 
  tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat . '', 
  oh yeah , you should never use [ the chart ] ( http://commonsenseatheism.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/timeline.png ) logic . 
  you 'll just fail your argument automatically . 
  isis is great if you 're not a unwelcome minority in their eyes ( basically everyone who is n't a extremely radical sunni muslim ) . 
  assad regime is just plain bad for everyone but his friends and family . 
  handful of russian soldiers without real russian tank and air support wo n't be able to do squat against that rebel force , besides to attempt to organize syrian troops to retreat in orderly fashion instead of routing . 
  or at very least destroy ammo and weapons caches before running away . 
   compared to just tens, 
  be fair , it 's around a couple of dozens . 
   ( this post is n't directed against you if you get that impression ), 
  do n't worry , you got me laughing . 
  anyone sane refuses to believe that seriously . 
  wait , how did i missed croatian unit `` sons of death '' ? 
  he 's referencing the fact that al-nusra captured some of us trained rebels in northern aleppo . 
  but all of those few captured were released only few days after and those rebels are right now calling in airstrikes on isis in northern aleppo .
