  what are they allegedly stealing in that photo ? 
  damn . 
  this definitely demands some investigation . 
   why the middle ages were the real `` age of reason '', 
  i chuckled . 
  it hardly failed . 
   the serbia-albania match, 
  well that was a match of something . 
  they liberated most of the territory that previously under rebel territory and they 're keeping a mostly stable front line after rebel major counter offensive helped by russia . 
  it 's not a failure , it 's just ai n't a success either . 
  man this guys look like they 're having fun on shooting range and not at the most intense battle of this war right now . 
  for punishment :, 
  * points deduction for both teams, 
  * adult male serb fans to be banned to attend rest of qualifications, 
  * few games suspension and a fine for those two albanian players that aggressively rushed to grab that flag , as they caused massive escalation, 
  what should be done to avoid similiar incident :, 
  * ban serbia and albania to play any qualification matches against one another for next decade . 
  * abandoned match and next match to be done in 3rd neutral country, 
  also there should something done about incompetent security and police that was at the stadium . 
  not sure what can uefa do about that , but send an angry letter to belgrade city council . 
  well seeing stewards , police and military doing jack fucking shit properly to protect players , keep order and arrest those hooligans , i 'm not hoping that serbia get 's not just few points deduction but few years ban from attending any official matches . 
  cause this is disgusting . 
  serb football fans are full of violent hooligans and thugs while serbian fa committed lackluster security and just deflects all blame . 
  this demands major punishment to force serbian fa to overhaul and reform their system against this incidents , if they want to take part of football world . 
  [ bilo je previ\u0161e rupa ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/2jbodc/serbian_fa_release_statement_following_last/cla76ow ) . 
  goddamn it iraq , at very least destroy the base with all weapons and equipment with it , if you need to retreat . 
   military drone, 
  there 's a major chance they 'd do that out of sense of revenge or something like that . 
   albnian fans caused massove escalation ? 
  two albanian players caused it by stupidly running for that flag while looking they 're attacking that serb player . 
  now they did n't do it , but in heat of moment it definitely looked like that to everyone . 
  as well serbian government wants to join eu , so they ca n't piss of eu either . 
  what did western world left-wing protestors accomplish in past years , against ? 
  oh yeah , almost nothing !, 
  hmh , i wonder where they get money and parts for those massive repairs and maintenance ? 
  world health organization . 
  only reason they have this gains is due to syria being destroyed already by prolonged civil war while iraq has pathetic corrupt joke instead of an army in northern iraq . 
   not yugoslav , all of yugoslavia was taken in 3 days, 
  [ that 's a funny way of saying 12 days ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion_of_yugoslavia ) . 
  geez , at least give a convincing lie . 
  it 's not really gon na hurt political scene , as both of this no longer possible candidates were anti-sdp and anti-hdz . 
  as well do n't have own political party , which they planned to form next year . 
  as he was a giant uneducated corrupt populist , good riddance . 
  meanwhile it does show how former prime minister jadranka kosor 's anti-corruption reforms are the best thing that happen in croatia in past decade . 
  everyone thought mayor bandi\u0107 was de facto immune from any serious prosecutions , after many major corruption scandals , yet he was taken down out of nowhere now along with his gang . 
  first former prime minister ivo sanader , and now mayor bandi\u0107 ? 
  damn , finally some government institute that does something not only their job properly , but do it brilliantly . 
  the ss that run auschwitz would say this is too far . 
  geez , then why did you left ukraine ? 
  define best choice . 
  i can think of a few middle eastern countries better then qatar . 
  problem is there 's still shit ton of isis supporters and killing them all wo n't kill the idea that will only attract more people to isis cause , if under different name . 
  basically , a vicious cycle . 
   true but irrelevant . 
  people said over and over after wwii `` if we had known about the camps we would have entered the war much earlier . '', 
  that was the lesson from wwii . 
  here we are and everyone is downplaying it `` us did n't care about holocaust '' ... 
  history and what 's going on today thought us that 's just a lie or wishful thinking . 
  could have been a typo . 
  yeah , how do you go missing during an exercise ? 
   edit : same reason i have n't played rome 2 . 
  i really want to but i ca n't buy sega products . 
  i could pirate but it would n't feel right . 
  well you made a right call , rome 2 was a giant mess at launch . 
  now it feels like it 's a state it should have been launched , proving the game needed an extra year to be developed properly . 
  they 're definitely not in combat zone and are in civilian area . 
  so it can classify as terror attack , as attack served only for intimidation and had no strategic value . 
   it allows us to be the only country with an embassy in north korea . 
  that 's something to brag about ? 
  well , i 'd totally buy them as fiscally responsible ... person ? 
   ukraine is fighting a civil war against a force that is being supported by one of the biggest superpowers of our day, 
  wait , usa is supporting separatists ? 
  it would not be a ww3 as russia would be the only faction that the nato would fight against . 
  not probably , but definitely stay away fro them conflict . 
  and to be honest , i call a giant bluff on whole nuclear war escalation . 
  if russia goes nuclear , then nato goes nuclear . 
  i doubt putin wants to rule a nuclear wasteland . 
  so much for the frozen conflict . 
  does n't mean they wo n't try to fight conventionally instead and instead try to gain victory in similiar way vietnam did with usa . 
  plus , it will be very difficult for nato to occupy entire russia west of the urals and invade through urals as well , while going through arctic and vladivostok would be serious and expensive challenge . 
  so while russia will get obliterated by nato , nato in other hand ca n't guarantee victory in the war . 
  mere size of russia makes it almost impossible , which putin could use to merely out-win nato in will to continue fighting a war instead of escalating to nuclear war . 
  though it is a hypothetical scenario in case russia is bluffing with nukes . 
  russia is a big regional power , but in no way to be a world great power . 
  let alone a superpower . 
  india is more likely to claim world superpower status way before russia , at some point in future . 
  eeeeh , russia has no reason to go nuclear with ukraine . 
  it would be a major disaster for russia , if they resort to nukes over ukraine . 
  especially since they are capable to defeat ukraine conventionally . 
  also i was talking about a war between nato and russia . 
  or in all 3 places . 
  russia would definitely have a first strike and momentum for land invasion , as nato strategy against russia is , to oversimplify , to do as much damage to invading forces , retreat , regroup and then commit major counter offensive . 
  basically , most if not all of baltics will fall for a short while but quickly get liberated in convectional warfare and war will be pushed deep into russia soon after . 
  if nato troops are in ukraine and not as simply peacekeeping forces , ukraine would then seize to have non-aligned status . 
  so russia would be even less likely to drop nukes on ukraine . 
  now on russia territory itself to launch nukes on invading forces ? 
  that is actually possible as it will not cause nato to retaliate with own nukes . 
  however , russia will still need to deal with that nuclear fallout they caused in own territory and will also block their attempt to invade europe again for long time . 
  basically , they 'd just cripple themselves . 
  but way better then commit suicide and launch nukes on nato countries .
