  italian fans outnumber croatian fans at the stadium , so they had simply outsing the whistles . 
  i 'm sad he 's not playing . 
  he would have been a great advantage for croatia . 
  what great fans do we have there . 
  fucking disaster !, 
  what kind of `` fans '' are these ?!, 
  and this scandal made no fucking sense !, 
  it only killed the momentum for croatian team !, 
  hell , italy nearly started to score after the suspension . 
  goddamn it !, 
  * sigh *, 
  at least we remained on top of the group and have slight advantage due to goal differential and because next match with italy is in croatia . 
  sramota . 
  yep , bulgaria is practically out of the race for euro . 
  norway here it comes . 
  the fuck happened ?!, 
  i expected way better from bosnia . 
  nice header from vida there . 
  hell , i think commentator said he almost needed medical attention after that defensive move . 
  yeah , i can only see our team going better . 
  and since we 're in good position in group , i say we 're practically in euro by now . 
  but ofcourse , everything can change and we have yet to play norway . 
  mand\u017euki\u0107 play-style seems to just contradict kova\u010d 's tactics , cause there 's no other good explanation why he has n't played great so far . 
  it 's not like he 's putting up some lazy performance for national team , he 's actually trying to play great . 
  it 's just weird looking at him and not showing greatness like he did before and still does in atletico . 
  i hope not , but i would n't be in position to complain if eufa decides to do that . 
  yeah , oli\u0107 is just too old to play that long . 
   what was wrong with mass effect 3 ? 
  they called people who demanded new me3 ending to be overprivileged and said different coloreds ending should remain not be changed cause they were artsy . 
  was disappointed that drone was n't involved in carrying a flag . 
  by balkans , they mean serbia . 
  bosnia is fundamentally too divided to be under anyone 's heels , while greece and bulgaria are for more pro-eu then pro-russia . 
  and the rest of balkan countries have zero interest to be with russia . 
  none of the balkan nations were part of ussr , while only bulgaria and albania were part of warsaw pact . 
  though albania left after ussr invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  though tukey is n't arabic country . 
  yeah , croatia wo n't join schengen agreement until mid-2015 . 
   link to mid video as 95 % of you would just close it the moment you see grahams little smug face, 
  one of two things pro-ukraine and pro-russian posters will agree on . 
  vice je \u010disto sranje . 
   peter the great was so angry about the latest corruption report that he ordered : `` if the price of stole goods is more than the cost of rope - hang the fucker '' . 
   but the order was n't put in place since his buddy told him : `` well then , you would be left alone here since everybody is stealing '', 
  if he had only said in response : `` well i guess i could use some solitude for a while ! '', 
  china would never go to war over north korea . 
  i do n't know if you realized but , china 's policies are radically different today from that time . 
  that does n't mean they 'd go as far as go to war for them . 
  so some bored idiots decided to make fake execution ? 
  except this time china 's economy depends on exporting it 's cheap produced shit to usa . 
  i 'm totally shocked that a country with ex-chetnik elected as a president would do that !, 
  that news was sadly proven to be false . 
  croatian defense ministry denied such allegations , while so far ukraine has not received any additional helicopters nor usa is sending black hawks to croatia . 
  note , article is on croatian . 
  no development happened . 
  also jutarnji loves to make up shit on often occasion by speculating on specific topics and present them as they 're factual . 
  that and recent incident with serbian govorment refusing to return vojislav \u0160e\u0161elj back to hague , after he lied he 'll need to go to hospital and instead returned to serbian politics . 
  here 's a thing , russia would continue to exist if were to get demolished in convectional war against nato . 
  if it were to use nukes , it would be nothing but a nuclear wasteland . 
  so russia gains ways more in losing a war then using nukes to make sure nato loses war too . 
   argentina got thoroughly beaten by the british military in the war , and could ** never ** retake the islands through force . 
  that 's foolish to think . 
  while true on payed trolls , this is a very common trend of insane `` logic '' on news site comments worldwide . 
  i have seen us , british , croatian and serbian different news sites comments for several years on many different topics and you always have this insane `` logic '' but with different conclusions that support individual poster 's political ideology . 
   were the fans in the italy - croatia game protesting against this ? 
  yeah , they wanted to sabotage the game to punish mimi\u0107 and croatian fa . 
  which was a rather stupid way to protest , to say at least . 
  no real croat calls croatian to be yugoslavian language !, 
  secret commie !, 
  president george p. bush : `` this petition makes it clear we need to liberate the assyrian people !, 
  basically , not gon na happen . 
  this ai n't crusader kings 2 where you can just simply fabricate claims . 
  would be great , but as of yet it 's a wishful thinking . 
  war and economic reforms need to be settled first . 
  they literally destroyed a village and 2 russian tanks ( who were remodeled into germany tanks for the movie ) during the making of that movie . 
  it 's finally out of the alpha and beta stage . 
  now the game is in true 1.0 form . 
  that would be an understatement . 
  since i 'm a catholic , i immediately faceplamed after reading his tweet posts . 
  that 's not what had happened kluwe !, 
  like , how can you be so blatantly deceitful ? 
  that and invasion would completely wreck russian economy and stability . 
  anyone who proclaim themselves honest into your face are usually lairs and/or ideological fanatics . 
  i could see bullets flying pass the drone . 
  to be fair , there is no place for honor in modern war . 
  american civil war and world war 1 heavily proved that to the world . 
  it would be poetic justice , but would ukraine be capable to do that ? 
  i hope so . 
  continents are a complete arbitrary concept . 
  hell euroasian continent does n't make sense because it 's also connected with africa . 
  and having afro-euroasian continent would be redundant . 
  so arbitrary it is . 
  i do n't think ukrainian trooper had intention to reconnaissance rebel positions , but instead just show the damage of the airport and surroundings . 
   a grown man robs a store , then attacks an officer and tries to grab his gun , gets killed . 
  cop had no idea there was a robbery , let alone he was responsible . 
  leaked autopsy report , that media reported , was unfinished and completely taken out of context . 
  guy was actually shot and killed from behind while he was kneeling down with hands up . 
  good thing he decided to be a better man in last moment . 
  nato holds complete control of the mediterranean , making russian control of black sea utterly irrelevant . 
  or just brainwashing in general is a disease . 
  merkel is an only powerful politician that was in position and willing to back down and appease , but that 's no longer the case in past couple of months . 
  they do n't follow mussolini 's fascism steps but instead they re-branded it into more modern standards .
