  i 'm confused . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  what are slavs doing in europe in 220 bc ? 
  really ? 
  i though they did n't get there until like 5th century . 
  this needs to be a real thing now . 
  well he must really hate that french king . 
  til war does n't effect country economy . 
  what ? 
  i want it now !, 
  simple yet brilliant . 
  source ? 
  thanks !, 
  dennation games already helped hype train with hotline miami 2 pre-orders and likely will do more on launch day sales . 
  i wonder how will valve help . 
  holy shit , it actually says jugo-slavia instead of yugoslavia . 
  video je veliki cringe . 
  one of reasons why ukrainians wanted for yanukovich to resign . 
  problem was yanukovich was more concerned about his personal wealth , then for well being of his country . 
  well he would also want that achievement . 
  it stopped the war , but it made bosnia to stagnate and become dysfunctional state . 
  it 's helpful in buying mission assets early . 
  especially now that we will get side missions very soon . 
  yes . 
  and even today in ukraine trenches are used heavily , due to heavy anti-tank and anti-air weapons presence . 
  not as much to be called trench warfare ( modern artillery is too accurate for trenches to be good enough defensive line ) , but it still has big presence . 
  hell no . 
  i had sink over 255 hours in this game and i still have troubles with bulldozers and they still scare me . 
   because some locals accuse them of stealing their jobs, 
  i 've heard that one before . 
  i ca n't even have more then 75 % accuracy with a shotgun . 
  ah , overkill learned well from bioware . 
  or have friends who 'll do all the work and you just carry the bags in sewers . 
  it counts as accuracy ? 
  wait , can you use he rounds for this achievement ? 
  because that 's one way i can go over 120 % , hell over 200 % accuracy . 
  i know shotgun 101 % does n't count with he round , so i have to check . 
  ah , thank you . 
  now i know what i was doing wrong . 
  happens when you rush dlc out the door . 
  wait , so i do n't need to kill 50 cops with a shotgun ? 
  this is a war crime . 
  i can see it being fun if you do it once or twice . 
  but after that , just stop it . 
  it ruins game . 
  no , geneva convection applies all the time and on everyone . 
  yeah , i did ukrainian job on deathwish to level up quickly after going infamy 4 . 
  after finishing heist , i got `` we are rockstars on this job '' achievement , since i had amcar and without any skills . 
  this war is so weird . 
  i just read thread where some rebels defected to regime and now regime soldier defected to rebels . 
  even in death , daesh causes serious problems . 
  is that from dashcon ? 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  [ you sneaky bastard . 
  ] ( http://cdn0.dailydot.com/uploaded/images/original/2014/7/13/ballpit.jpg ), 
  what ? 
  fsa wants to get rid of assad 's regime , not form new independent country . 
  only syrian kurds can be considered separatists in this war , but even they have n't yet decided to go independent or demand more autonomy . 
  any casualties ? 
  seeing how suicide car steered off roadblock , it does n't look that serious casualties were sustained . 
  what the hell that has to do with separatism ? 
  that 's not what separatism means . 
   decide to try to invade a socialist country that does not like to be fucked with ( russia/kurdistan . ), 
  comparing kurdistan with stalin 's ussr is wrong on so many levels . 
  giant waste of human lives . 
  i like how even when showing uncensored massacred corpses , they still have to censors sex organs . 
  i believe comparison was made in their ideological similarities and many of their criminal actions . 
  fsa was being accused of being separatist , not islamic state . 
  and jan wants to make syria to become an islamic state , not to create new sovereign islamic state like daesh . 
  also jan has no presence in iraq , last time i checked . 
  and even far more different from stalin 's fascistic imperialistic `` communism '' . 
  rude . 
  when one side goes to full offensive , instead of minor skirmishes . 
  just wait until late spring or early summer . 
  either ukraine or pro-russians will go on new offensive , killing another failed minsk agreement . 
  looks like the worst nightmare for all ultranationalists . 
  since kurds do n't have heavy weaponry in kobane canton , not having bridges does n't matter much . 
  more stupid then unlucky . 
  saa should have delayed the offensive until weather was good for air support . 
  instead they went ahead and payed the heavy price . 
  what did you do to not respond for 5 days ? 
  they did n't , game was designed in a way they intended and you ca n't change art . 
  oh the irony . 
  yes , they lost everything they gained in few days and lost a lot of ground they gained in late 2014 . 
  it 's nothing less then a disaster for saa . 
  here i am , still waiting fro overkill to fix dragan 's voice lines . 
  they are doing new voice lines for all characters . 
  hopefully that update will fix chains and dragan . 
  makes sense , i was surprised they even used his name in first place . 
  wait , i 'm sure houston says when he kills snipers . 
   its effectively another kaliningrad just in the south until they build a bridge . 
  that bridge is nothing more then a pipe bridge . 
  ground there is very soft and winters very harsh with very icy waters . 
  you have to build some insane bridge supports for bridge not to collapse in less then a year . 
   historically speaking , not true in most cases . 
  for monarchs yes , for dictators no . 
  dictators have very lousy reputation of keeping their country from not collapsing after their death . 
  unlike dictators , monarchs had mostly a clear line of succession and their heirs were nearly always educated to be rulers . 
  dictators in other hand are nearly always military generals that know how to lead an army , but not run a country . 
  and they nearly always eliminate any possible competition , so no capable heir is left after dictators death .
