  not even if putin himself get 's on his knees and begs him to do so . 
  spain does not represent west . 
  they thought sdf will be like pushovers like division 30 . 
  that was a massive miscalculation that i do n't get it how they did n't see it . 
  i thought nusra was a lot smarter . 
  why does n't saa do anything competently is the real question . 
  it just goes to show how truly limiting russian airforce capability is . 
  or he just finds regime far worse then nusra ? 
  god , he 's overreacting . 
  ypg ai n't becoming tools of russia , ypg is using russia to fight nusra and isis close to turkish border . 
  this is a win for both western powers , kurds and non-jihadist rebels . 
  as well while russia is focusing there , regime is losing on other fronts . 
  so this is n't even in russia 's interest either in long term . 
  yeah , no . 
  saa makes very small gains with southern aleppo being an only exception . 
  and they are losing on that exception now . 
  russians only succeeded to reinforce a stalemate of this war as saa was crumbling . 
   it is when they cut the isis supply line . 
  in which non-jihadist rebels will take control with kurdish aid , meaning russia only strengthens western backed rebels . 
  but , know what , i ai n't complaining . 
  do keep going russia . 
  for once you 're doing something in past couple of years , though unintentionally . 
  hopefully many of fsa rebel groups will choose to side with sdf/nsa against al nusra . 
  this is the best opportunity to get rid of them from their ranks . 
   turkey deserves to be invaded much more than iraq ever needed to be in 2003, 
  nonsense !, 
  saddam hussein and his regime was far , far fucking worse then erdogan is and ever will be . 
  soon to be in rebel hands , anyway . 
  could have been an oversight be either party . 
  so he 's not allowed to have an opinion on how saa is an absolute joke against nusra forces ? 
  especially now due to very recent events . 
  turkey is too important to be removed from nato . 
  does n't sdf consider itself part of fsa anyway ? 
  cia will never allow their tow teams to attack sdf . 
   recieving cool anti tank missiles and manpads from the russians, 
  that ai n't happening . 
   and forced the west not to remove assad . 
  what 's with this fairy tail being propagated so much ? 
   this is pretty big if true . 
  it 's not , it 's a fairy tail . 
  when you are promoting your agenda , yes . 
  yes it is . 
  however , propaganda is not bad thing by default . 
  it depends on the content and how it is represented . 
  are you truly suggesting that free independent corporate media is just as bad as state run propaganda media outlet ? 
  no shit , who the hell wants to return to assad 's regime after living in any european country ? 
  i love how assad supports openly started to admit that they do n't give a shit about syrian people at all ever since refugee crisis started . 
  it shows your true colors . 
  i 'm a catholic . 
  and to call rebels as a whole to be muslim extremists is a complete lie only made up to justify assad 's tyranny . 
  well , it still has meaning in legal terms . 
  but that 's about it . 
  if true , then i guess they 'll be very happy if erdogan resigns . 
  though , ofcourse , not happening whatever or not russia has evidence . 
  republican party was a very liberal party in past , while democrats very conservative . 
  today republicans are very conservative and democrats center-right . 
   , i have had no problems with assad when it came to his idea of way of life, 
  how the fuck can you oppose erdogan yet can support assad at same on this ? 
  it does matter to who it belongs de jure . 
   ( cough clinton-bush 2016 cough . ), 
  it 's extremely unlikely bush will even win nomination , while hillary 's nomination is also very threatened by sanders . 
  considering they failed , i believe russia was n't involved this time . 
   ukraine being a small poor country, 
  ukraine small country ? 
  the fuck ? 
   reeks of mass effects indoctrination theory, 
  no , that theory is just fundamentally flawed and awful . 
  because some people ca n't accept that `` mere '' game developers can also be greedy and egoist inept out of touch douches . 
  that is a complete falsehood . 
   now his family is rich and he has a palace . 
  hmm . . 
  that had happened before rise of isis . 
  it 's utterly ridiculous to suggest that erdogan family got rich of isis 's oil . 
   no one wants to carve new states except for isis . 
  isis wants to unify iraq and syria under they rule , so they want to reduce number of states . 
  hell , even expand to other states in future . 
  syria was no match for israel decades before this war . 
   isis in libya and afghanistan, 
  isis is completely contained in those two countries . 
  they 're not winning there at all . 
   yes but the sdf probably wo n't fight assad, 
  except they said assad is next on the list once isis is taken care off . 
   the goal since day 1 was to overthrow a regime aligned with russia-iran - ** china **, 
  china does not support the regime . 
  it has no stakes in this conflict . 
  it 's a complete absurdity to claim china has any serious involvement , let alone supporting any side . 
  they need to win at palmyra first . 
   i 'll add here that it also has to do with maintaining the idea of enemy russia which does not keep in line with a unipolar world , an idea that serves to justify the existence of nato as a conventional military security alliance . 
  russia can only blame itself for nato treating it as an enemy . 
  bbc map makers are terrible . 
  i still remember their awful maps on donbas war from 2014 . 
  regret how ? 
  turkey is still no more isolate from nato then before , any economical sanctions would hurt russia as much as turkey , they ca n't invade turkey without entire war with nato , arming syrian kurds would not change anything as nato is already arming them and arming turkish kurds is an absurd notion and wishful thinking . 
   china supports the syrian government thru their greatest strategic ally , russia . 
  this is even more absurd !, 
  yes . 
  erdogan family got rich through good old fashioned domestic corruption not through oil deals with isis . 
  it 's still very terrible , but not aiding the terrorist terrible . 
  china and russia are not allies . 
  it 's a reality , china has no use of having an alliance with russia .
