  hints are dropped on that in a terminal on his autopsy , i believe . 
  actually kett are capable to think for themselves and have individuality . 
  it 's just before the exaltation , they undergo rigorous re-education brainwashing sessions to believe in kett 's religion before becoming kett physically . 
  kett are not like reapers where they have some ability to mind control you over time , instead have to use drugs and psychology to indoctrinate you . 
  so basically , kett squadmate is possible in future . 
  just as disillusioned kett with it 's religion and goes rogue . 
  so archon could return . 
  either as a far more threatening villain as he 'll be fused with remnant tech . 
  or maybe as an ally , but as a necessity for survival for both him and ryder initially , let 's say . 
   democrats will never accept that sanders should have run against him, 
  because democrats wanted clinton by big margin , not sanders . 
  op even linked to video part where gi is missusing the trope macguffin , like pretty much a highlight of how much gi has no idea what the fuck they are talking about . 
  because reception to me : a is hugely polarized , it 's just negativity threads mobilizes those who hate or dislike the game as well those who like and love the game . 
  so in a way , every side get 's net positive on karma . 
  somehow . 
  also hoi3 was way too restrictive with historical accuracy , making it hard to create your own alt-history . 
  youtube employees do n't talk to anyone outside of youtube and google . 
   only comment needed . 
  not really , propaganda is not good nor bad , as well accurate nor false by itself . 
  it really depends what is content and how it is portrayed . 
  interesting how v-1 rockets were actually great because they could have been shot down . 
  it 's like a strategic level of suppression to put a lot of stress allies . 
  but nah , hitler and his friends actually wanted to mass murder civilians instead of doing something sensible militarily . 
  but that 's nazis for ya . 
  they already exist , but mainly speak in arabic and farsi . 
  no , that 's literally not the reason why trump got elected . 
  not all farsi speakers are shiite , same for not all arabic speakers being sunni . 
   the sand box is perfect, 
  no it fucking is n't !, 
  is abysmal and it 's way too grindy to get to real fun parts of the sp campaign . 
  it 's game 's combat mechanics and mp that makes the game great . 
  hopefully next mount and blade game will make open world good , then i 'll be truly in love with that game . 
  except , ea games ussually release their games completed and even when not , complete the experiance and ad new one within 1 year after release . 
  bohemia did the fuck all with that with dayz . 
  nearly 3 and half years later , game is still in alpha . 
  well ottoman empire served it 's purpose by distracting plenty of british and russian troops and material without capitulating without direct german aid . 
  austria-hungary , however . 
  what the fuck was ah thinking in that war ? 
  ah was lucky they had one good general that managed to hold the front against italians , despite being severely outnumbered and under-equipped . 
  otherwise , empire was utterly clueless with russia and serbia . 
  also it 's too early to tell anyway . 
  remember , jeb bush had like 60 % in polls for republican primaries 2 years before primaries happened . 
  oh boy did that situation changed 2 years later . 
  so , really , polls on midterms do n't matter much today . 
  they will matter like few months before elections . 
  also many holocaust deniers know that holocaust happened and just want to try it again , just again cover it up like nazi regime did in 1940 's . 
  simple , they do n't know these people . 
  so they can easily pretend they are fakes . 
  these people are just grossly lack any empathy towards anyone they do n't know personally . 
  luftwaffe 's anti-naval capabilities were a pathetic joke . 
  for example , during dunkirk evacuation , ludtwaffe had air superiority yet failed to sink a single ship . 
  and they put a lot of bombers to attack mostly unarmed civilian ships and failed ti sink a single one . 
  luftwaffe just sucked at anti-naval bombing . 
   with the only real exception being yugoslavia , which was compiled by a serbian revionist that continuously spouted nato warcrimes, 
  ugh , they 're the most annoying kind . 
  i 'm guessing because they like to guilt westerners over nato bombings in 1999 of serbia , as well always love to bring up the holocaust and usta\u0161e and nazi regime that ruled croatia . 
  also there is this thing that many people online want to de-balkanize the balkans and have romanticized views of yugoslavia . 
  and since serbia is one that takes claim of being ruler of yugoslavia , well ... 
  that 's my speculation how they manage to get away with . 
  well there 's also remove kebab meme , but if remember timeline correctly that meme came after that mod . 
  never assume balkan related memes are mere memes . 
  in fact , the most famous remove kebab meme ? 
  yeah , serbs used that term unironically during and after srebrenica massacre where they claimed they killed 1000 's of turks . 
  i think we got it after 6 times . 
  oh yeah , i get you . 
  my record so far is 3 repeated posts , by posting from phone . 
  every other country has 1 month of elections campaigning . 
  even 3 months is a stretch , let alone the dragged out american circus of election campaign . 
  except that 's not the case , considering every elections candidates focus on only dozen states at best . 
  buzzfeed funds their real news reporting with clickbait garbage , which is seperated from one another . 
  bassically buzzfeed knows how internet economics work , while at same time still has desire to report real omportant stuff properly . 
  vogue has notoriously bad clickbait titles backed by very well written and researched article . 
  proffesional troll is a real thing in russia , as well some other countries like macedonia . 
  gestapo , ss and werchmact commonly tortured people for interrogation . 
  i wonder how that would go , though . 
  japan has superior navy to germany afteral as well superior naval doctrine . 
  meanwhile germans had , well , armoured divisions . 
  so , hmh , how would that war go ? 
  perhaps aca repeal bill will give significant boost for ossoff ? 
  i thought legion was gay , well half-gay ( i.e. 
  bisexual ) , for shepard . 
   he is such a prick to everyone around him, 
  that is an outright lie . 
  well we know shepard has hots for legion . 
  well , for every character anyway . 
  yes , but if they went for south first and was somehow successful , germany would have resolve it 's oil shortages issues and at same time cripple soviets with losing huge amount of oil . 
  all that tank superiority superior soviets had would have vaporized . 
  and their airforce would have never recovered either . 
  after that , germany could have go for moscow and then take out railways too from soviets . 
  that could have been a killing blow for soviets . 
  but ofcourse that still requires for everything to go right for germans , but that would have been still a better plan then with what they went with in reality . 
   accepting leaked debate questions, 
  only once they got a question before debate and it was a single question concerning flint water crisis that started in middle of primaries and clinton wanted to know will that topic be brought up . 
  and that 's it . 
  that 's literary it . 
  then his friend was bullshitting . 
  vigilantism is not what jesus preached . 
  escalating to murder is a major contradiction , let alone immoral . 
  japanese military regime sure did n't help with [ that image ] ( https://i.redd.it/c45bthp8qt1y.jpg ) . 
   give me a game about the first contact war .
