  islamist factions only became more powerful and more radical with each military coups . 
  civilians suffered far more due to those coups , then the supposed islamist tyrants . 
  in a matter of fact , no . 
  i would n't consider these people real christians . 
  call out `` no true scotsman '' as much you want , but i already made up my mind on that issue . 
  well i 'm a catholic so i 'm sticking to the very original . 
  except there 's a huge chance of hitting bystanders by randomly shooting across the street . 
  people who a very curious to see the event unfold , people still trying to do their daily routine despite riots , people unaware of riots until discovering first hand and so on . 
  nah , obviously she was rioting with the rest . 
  it already did happen . 
  it was bernie sanders primaries campaign . 
  sanders and his social democratic ideas went from fringe to heavily influential in democratic party , despite the defeat . 
  to give historical comparison , when lincoln joined the republican party and went for senate elections for illinois he lost rather significantly . 
  but despite the defeat , he raised in power within newly formed republican party and few years later he run for president and won . 
  even in defeat , `` radicals '' like sanders and lincoln find greater victory in long term . 
  and even then she still won the popular vote , yet lost due to ec . 
  actually , china is freaking the fuck out . 
  china wants for us to remain strong and rich , just get out of asia . 
  china needs stable and rich us for it 's economy to work for next 50 years , at the very least . 
  hostile us that is declining , is very bad for china . 
  russia is the only victor . 
  not only will they severely weaken us , eu and nato , but also china . 
  but even then it will be a shallow victory for russia , as they too will suffer . 
  they 're just simply ai n't aware of the long term consequences . 
  obama was naive to the end . 
  he tried so hard to be a purple president , despite the reality that republicans were outright hostile to him . 
  even when obama tried to pass their laws and policies , republicans rejected them . 
  i also remember sandy hook massacre . 
  there were reports of 2 to 3 shooters at that school . 
  but in the end it was it was just one shooter . 
  one guy was mistaken to be a shooter was a father to one of children attending that school , who had run towards the school with his gun . 
  police detained him before he got into school , thinking he was a shooter running away from scene . 
  and then there was some other guy that was passing near the school and had run away once he heard shooting . 
  police also mistaken him as a shooter and detained him . 
  but both guys were quickly released , once it was clear they were not shooters . 
  basically , all you need to is to do something reckless or just be at wrong time in wrong place to be considered a suspect in a very chaotic incident that is mass shooting . 
  because police ai n't taking chances . 
  these countries do n't recognize israel as a sovereign state . 
  it 's a completely different issue . 
  but ... did n't he already did that yesterday ? 
  dude , it will be massive global chaos if us falls . 
  us is integrated heavily in europe , middle east and southeast asia . 
  us falling would cause worldwide wars and insurgencies that us diplomacy , economic might and military posturing was stopping . 
  while in other case it will escalate already ongoing wars and insurgencies . 
  well , shit buddy , i 'm a human and i do n't want us to go extinct . 
  honestly , i hope gwb , clinton and bush sr. also publicly start criticizing trump . 
  or maybe this was his plan all along !, 
  put unpopular trump in power and then lead revolution to depose trump to finally create american caliphate with full american support !, 
  but we are capable to do a lot of good . 
  and to a good extent , we did a lot of good . 
  this is just another major crisis humanity is going through , but we always resolve them and get better afterwards . 
  it really just sucks for us that we are going through the crisis and we will go through it for years if not decades , but hopefully our children and grandchildren we learn from us and avoid making same mistakes while improving . 
  buzzfeed is clickbait wing . 
  it is weird . 
  buzzfeed is mostly clickbait garbage , but they fund their real reporters and journalists to write proper reports and articles thanks to that clickbait garbage . 
  many authoritarians were generally tools of a bigger authoritarian . 
  i mean , hell , just look at the axis powers . 
  everyone but hirohito in japan and mussolini until italy capitulated was a authoritarian and hitler 's tool . 
  you 're comparing german army high ranking officer and germany ceremonial uniforms , with soviet basic infantry uniform . 
  soviets were very fashionable too when you compare the same stature of military rank and , unlike germans , never had clothing shortages through the war . 
  that scumbag is still alive ? 
  it 's assumed it 's due to recent talks between trump and putin . 
  but it is very unlikely for ukraine to lose avdiivka . 
  they 're well fortified , pro-russian militants can only attack from one direction , ukrainian artillery is in area to commit artillery barrages against offensive forces . 
  as well ukraine has been using it 's time well , with modernizing it 's army and fully training it 's solders . 
  in fact few months ago , last conscripted units were removed from front-line and entire front is guarded by modern professional army and volunteer pro-ukrainian militias integrated with ukrainian military command . 
  meanwhile pro-russian militants in donbass had n't changed one bit since start of the conflict . 
  only thing that keeps them alive is russian supplied arms and russian officers keeping them off doing suicidal offensives . 
  most likely outcome of this battle is ukrainian forces repulsing the offensive and counter-attacking and capturing strategically valuable ground . 
  then it 's a question of will ukraine de-escalate or finally launch major offensive against pro-russia forces . 
  they only fear ukraine has is how much would russia be willing to intervene on behalf of it 's puppets in donbass . 
  last intervention was , while a tactical success for russia , very costly with ukraine unwilling to accept any demands beyond ceasefires to lick their wounds . 
  to which russia accepted as they suffered way more then it was cost-effective , while pro-russian militants were near collapse despite their demands to continue advancing against ukrainian forces . 
  trump will look another way . 
  but the real question is , will mccain look away . 
  if mccain were to finally act against trump 's love relationship with putin and mobilize at least old guard of republican party with entire democratic party , he 'd stop trump and damage , if not cripple , putin 's plans . 
  either mccain is so entrenched with party unity mentality he is useless or he is waiting for right time to strike with cia 's investigation against trump and his inner circle . 
  western ukraine does n't border russia nor are there any russian military bases there . 
  and ukrainian fsb is now prepared against any sort of infiltration again . 
  putin 's `` green men '' move was a one-trick pony . 
  now everyone expects it . 
  people told them they should n't be assholes , which is what triggered them . 
  you ... you need to design a better flag . 
  also united pacific states is a better name . 
  well , it would put a big smile to see americans doing a general strike on my birthday . 
  that is literally exactly what had not happened . 
  southern states seceded before lincoln even got time to get inaugurated . 
  he tried everything in his power to get confederate state back to the union , even at the cost allowing slavery to stay . 
  but csa wanted none of it and attacked us federal forts that got stuck in csa , starting the whole war . 
  also csa 's constitution was identical to us constitution , except it made an amendment where it made no individual state can ban slavery . 
  so it was pretty much 100 % slavery that caused the civil war and the southern states never gave a shit about state 's right , it was merely their only mechanism to keep slavery . 
  eh , no , russia birth rate is 1.59 . 
  only slight better than germany with 1.38 and slightly worse than us 1.88 . 
  and unlike germany and us , russia had very low immigration . 
  also , high population is a liability when you have bad economy . 
  assad and his entire regime government should be first put behind bars . 
  assad 's regime is responsible for starting the war , overwhelming majority of civilian casualties and for material destruction . 
  assad 's regime done more deaths and destruction to syria then isis . 
  cnn should hire jon stewart and become their top political commentator . 
  honestly , democrats need to go on full blown war against republicans .
