  same for ypg cutting regime supply road to western aleppo city . 
  and he 's pro-sdf , and for past few days blatantly anti-fsa . 
  i do n't recall qalaat posting about it . 
  maybe he mentioned one of those , but he overall did n't mention those stuff . 
  nope , it was sro who started it . 
  markito followed it up afterwards , perhaps due to trusting sro at the time . 
  did you not notice they were trying and failing completely to do that every since siege was lifted ? 
  saa simply can not re-siege the eastern aleppo , rebels are too well entreched in 1070 complex , artillery base and ramuseh . 
  they was true weeks ago , by that point most of the force was probably used up . 
  rebels are now in defensive mode and planning new or readjusting current offensive plans . 
  yep , it 's the same wall . 
  this place is a slaughter , even though it 's avoidable . 
  [ sham legion claims capture ] ( https://twitter.com/shamlegion/status/769543538568794112 ) , they usually do n't lie about such things . 
  [ markito posted another tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/markito0171/status/769546540784480260 ) of fsa fighters posing at the village sign . 
  how do you know that ? 
  we do n't see any patches on their uniform from this picture . 
  that 's what they claim , but there 's quite a lot of contradictory statements from sdf and ypg on is ypg still west of the river or not . 
  turkey ai n't kidding around , that 's some serious firepower that might see action in syria . 
  there was like only one turkish apc on protest videos ... on turkish side of the border . 
  since when doing patrols on own side of the border is considered a provocation ? 
  now this is just blatant propaganda and lie . 
  if this had happened , turkey would have been up in arms about sdf killing turkish servicemen . 
  but it did n't , sdf has no anti-tank weaponry . 
  tank operators are servicemen , in case you did n't know . 
  and turkey had fully admitted and advertised there are turkish tanks and special forces helping fsa rebels fighting isis within syrian territory . 
  there was never denial from turkish part , so what are you talking about ? 
  azaz pocket rebels have no tanks . 
  big chunk are , there 's a lot from idlib and there 's no way they 'd be allowed to take tanks from there , while rest are recruits from refugee camps many of which were trained for long while . 
  oh shit , that 's absolutely disastrous for sdf !, 
  turkey now has full legitimacy to fully target them . 
  and this is also kills the last hope for fsa-sdf every forming alliance against regime . 
  this is a disaster !, 
  i do n't think you know what a word `` fact '' means . 
  not a chance , regime has no means to gain any territory there . 
  they 'll only risk to lose all holdings in northeast syria . 
  turkey has been trying to intervene in syria for past 2 damn years , but could n't do it without us green-lighting that operation . 
  us did n't allow turkey to intervene until now . 
  us did n't allow outright turkish military intervention in syria . 
  and turkey could n't go in without us support either . 
  if it was so simple as you put it , why do n't they ? 
  why do n't the just re-siege aleppo instead of sending dozens of men to get slaughtered pointlessly and losing armoured vehicles each day ? 
  he completely switched to sdf when fsa-turkey jarabulus liberation . 
  how credible is this source ? 
  unknown , but must be many . 
  afterall , fsa did capture 3 sdf fighters . 
  also to add to it , sdf rebels did not face airstrikes at all in entire war until recent hasakah battle . 
  but that only effected few sdf units in a urban area and only for a single day . 
  these airstrikes will be much more devastating and long term . 
  turkey is now directly involved in this war , ofcourse turks will come to this subreddit and engage . 
  besides this subreddit is too much of an echo chamber for pro-regime and pro-sdf supporters . 
  it 's not cheap , so no point doing that until absolutely necessary . 
  not much survived turkish airstrikes it seems . 
  [ more pictures from the village ] ( https://twitter.com/shamlegion/status/769834854867427328 ) . 
  [ even little bit of more loot ] ( https://twitter.com/shamlegion/status/769835226184974336 ) . 
  yesterday 's news and repost . 
  tweet deleted . 
  that 's a war crime . 
  repost and inflammatory as there are no turkish soldiers in this video . 
  let 's not ignore civilians who returned to jarabulus after liberation from isis . 
  they were very happy for fsa and turkish presence there . 
  do those locals do n't count ? 
  it is when they are prisoners . 
  no evidence to such claim . 
  and very uncharacteristic of isis , they never allow civilians to flee from their areas . 
  so that they can use civilians as human shield . 
  or child was just very nervous at the camera . 
  fsa-turkey are just steamrolling both isis and sdf today . 
  they 're happy to return to their homes and be safe , which is what fsa-turkey provided them . 
  pretty sure it was iran first to aid regime , followed by us in rojava to help kurds and then russians to aid regime . 
  turkish intervention is much bigger however . 
  i wo n't be surprised if sdf is expelled back south of sanjar river by end of the day . 
  after that , i full expect fsa-turkey to go back to focusing on isis to connect with azaz pocket and then go for al-bab . 
  manjib is , afterall , low priority for overall operation . 
  and there is no proof any of such massacres are happening . 
  know what iraqi kurds learned ? 
  being friendly with turkey gives you wonders . 
  iraqi kurdistan is already de-facto independent without anyone really do much of a fuss . 
  why ? 
  because barzani was smart enough to realize that kurdistan will go nowhere without reconciling with former enemies and reach close diplomatic ties . 
  sdf has n't said anything since they stopped bragging about destroying turkish tank ( s ) . 
  well except about talking about alleged turkish committed massacres in jarabulus , without showing any evidence i have to add . 
  so either sdf is on full on retreat after heavy turkish bombardment whole night or lines are completely collapsing . 
  we will not know until much later in following days . 
  it was a stupid move regardless . 
  they had only send this fighters to their deaths and gave even more reasons for turkey to attack them . 
  and only thing they may have delayed is fsa-turkish offensive against isis . 
  but even then it 's doubtful , they captured big swats of territory in just 4 days and suffered very minor losses . 
  ehm ... trump had stated he 'd love to support ypg . 
  daryya was n't liberated , it was destroyed by the regime . 
  as well recruits from refugee camps , although unknown how many of them took part . 
  turkey has no desires to annex syrian territory . 
  they 're still using fsa flags , what the are you talking about ? 
  not a chance . 
  that would heavily overextend turkish offensive capabilities . 
  al-bab has to be taken first before even thinking about such operation in kurdish heartland . 
  fsa rebels took 10 villages from isis only today , while 15 villages from sdf . 
  whole day they were steamroling both factions . 
  eh , yes ? 
  taking that city is of huge strategic importance to stop isis ever again being close to turkish border , permanently stopping ypg 's dreams to unite with efrin canton and put up serious pressure on assad 's regime in aleppo . 
  fsa rebels taking al-bab would be a huge victory for both them and turkey .
