  he merely used his fun silly personal side for better pr and to get people relaxed around him to drop their guard . 
  impossible . 
  if trump goes down , his entire administration goes down . 
  this includes pence , tillerson , devos , session and potentially mattis and ryan . 
  although it would be kinda funny if michael scuse becomes a us president . 
  a complete nobody in congress becomes a us president without ever considering to be one . 
  personally , i think there is a possibility that paul ryan is also implicated in this investigation and might be forced to resign from his position . 
   russian aggression, 
  and this one just does n't even make sense , because russia admits they invaded ukraine in crimea . 
  you just skip that step . 
  serbia abolishing kosovo 's autonomy was illegal . 
  along with committing ethnic cleansing in kosovo , serbia has no right to complain about legality . 
  my best guess is he just wanted an old white guy with some white hair in office . 
  that 's the only thing kasich and bernie have together . 
  serbia abolished kosovo and vojvodina autonomy without consent nor approval of other yugoslav republics . 
  which was a clear violation of the yugoslavian constitution . 
  ukraine abolished crimean autonomy after legally seceding from ussr , so they had no legal obligation to keep autonomy . 
  and only ethnic cleansing happening in ukraine is committing by pro-russia warlords and russian government . 
  ukrainian russians are still equally treated as normal ukrainian citizen by law and socially . 
  but he wanted bernie over trump as kasich voter , so i guess it 's white hair that decided . 
  if russia had dirt on republican party , as rnc was hacked too , then so does nsa and cia . 
  so they 'll likely blackmail republicans to submit and impeach trump and/or outright leak whatever wrongdoing they done to force individual republicans to resign due to public backlash that will be unleashed . 
  fuck off , i do n't want ancaps and trumpsters back on my continent . 
  we already have our own populist problems . 
  sad part is , about as much people voted for clinton as for obama in 2012 . 
  deport them somewhere else , we 'll build a great atlantic wall again if we have to !, 
  although as former gg supporter , i came to realization that gg was really mainly about anti-sjw movement not for ethics in journalism . 
  the fact that ign never was a target of the gg movement was always a big issue with me . 
  and once kia types went after ign only because of ghostbusters reboot as they defended sjw shit , it just made me realize it was never really about ethics and journalism . 
  it was just anti-sjw movement all along . 
  we were duped . 
  no , bernie sanders received 43.1 % of the vote while clinton 55.2 % . 
  clinton winning by 12.1 % lead is a landslide . 
  as well as the whole getting witch hunted for 30 years . 
  i 'm talking about popular vote . 
  i 'm not american , but i was supporting bernie a lot . 
  i still think social democrats like bernie should get into power in us , but alas it 's not to be . 
  not even liberals are sold much into social democracy in us , let alone centrists and moderate conservatives . 
  man forget hurricane for moment , just look at that oroville dam spillover in california . 
  trump has yet to even issue a word about a crisis that forced around 188,000 people to flee . 
  let alone send federal aid quickly fix the dam to avoid the worst disaster . 
   not really . 
  [ yes . 
  really . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_party_presidential_primaries,_2016 ), 
  that 's what happened . 
  clinton won popular vote by 3,708,594 votes against bernie . 
  that is a landslide victory . 
  regional liberal capitals of california , new york and missouri voted for clinton . 
  swing states of iowa , ohio , florida and pennsylvania voted for clinton . 
  i 'm sorry , but majority of democratic party base simply did not bought into bernie 's social democracy . 
  by whom ? 
  also killing hitler does not stop stalin from going all with invasion of europe to spread communism at later date . 
  yeah , patton died right before ww2 was over . 
  and truman continued fdr 's economic policies that were amazing for usa and to extend for rest of the world . 
   the russians , our arch nemesis since ww2, 
  actually usa and russia were pretty hostile even long before ww1 , as russian tsardom was kinda hitlery with jews and non-slavic ethnic minorities . 
  yes , but russia took a step too extreme even for those days . 
  also , usa had especially in those times despised monarchies . 
  from what i learned recently , most of them are just single-issue voters . 
  republicans just have to say they 'll protect gun rights and ban abortions and most will just get back to the fold . 
  also cia and nsa has to be pulling some pressure on gop too . 
  i mean if fsb could do so much damage to us through trump , cia and nsa sure as hell can do far worse to gop . 
   or whichever right-wing german party that seems to have ties to russia . 
  german afd party is pretty much a nazi party . 
  propaganda can be either a truth or a lie . 
  propaganda is just a political word for advertisement . 
  and we all know commercials are capable to tell either a truth or lies . 
  please no , that guy is a total joke . 
  trump is a puppet to whoever gives him the advice last . 
  well , it 's gon na become china soon anyway . 
  the fact that he constantly changes his mind and policies whenever meeting someone important . 
  i mean , christ , japanese pm abe had to teach trump world economy and trading does n't work like it did in 1980 's , during his recent visit to us . 
  that one is obvious , yes . 
  except there is no rational explenation on how clinton could be a threat to us . 
  but there is one key problem in putin 's plan . 
  next us president will be completely hostile towards russia . 
  and us allies , while no longer capable to trust us , will still follow us lead until putin 's russia is taken down . 
  he is a worlds biggest pussy . 
  chafetz is just a complete partisan hack . 
  republicans did most of the leg work long before putin even become a ruler of russia . 
  putin merely pushed a few things to accelerate this cultural and political crisis . 
  in a way , that is a defeat for ryan . 
  he wants to run for president on his terms at later date . 
  being force into presidency after a trump disaster he supported will be a disaster for his political career . 
  he will be destined to be 1 term president , hell not even full 1 term . 
  after that , he will only fall . 
  i am not shocked to see an ex-tyt member to be dumb as shit and an asshole . 
  who said tools ca n't be corrupt ? 
  ted cruz ? 
   who blames catholicism itself for pedophilia ? 
  no , really , who ? 
  a lot of people actually . 
  just not so trendy recently , because islam hate is what is trending for past few years . 
  but that 's not true . 
  propaganda can be truthful and say falsehood . 
  propaganda is just political word for advertisement . 
  trump ai n't a dictator , not for his lack of trying though . 
  us bureaucracy will not allow such radical foreign changes that trump is proposing . 
  system build to keep stability to not have trump-like figure to make us untrustworthy and rather bipolar with foreign relations .
