  i 'll tell you this . 
  leader of krogan colony is absolutely nothing like an sjw . 
  hell , she barely get 's any content because she hates nexus so much and hardly talks to ryder . 
  so you do n't even get much into her personality , although that might have been corrected in uprising novel . 
  and it also flies in the face against ashley 's personality . 
  back in me1 , she mocks the idea of people fighting in such outfit . 
  then bioware does that to her in me3 , without even explaining . 
  in fact , she still acts like her old self so her appearance is so out of place with her character 's personality . 
  wow , what an ungrateful asshole . 
  me3 endings debacle was a trainwreck as it was near unanimously agreed endings were terrible . 
  me : a reception is just polarized in other hand . 
  people are either loving it or hating it , with a some in-between . 
  so if communism = failure , that also means right-wing libertarianism = failure . 
  in conclusion , communism = right-wing libertarianism . 
  a lot of good people wanted to be paid for their services . 
  so that they can continue providing service , also to be able to eat . 
  honestly , last 2 years feel like a decade had passed . 
  i only `` romance '' kelly just so she can auto-feed my fish . 
  ah so let me get this straight . 
  all good decisions done are made by developers , but all bad decisions made are made by ea ? 
  got it . 
  that 's retarded . 
  ea lost millions on releasing that game close to bf1 . 
  they would n't do that out of spite to respawn just because of free dlc . 
  especially since that move also had hurt dice who does releases dlc you need to pay for . 
  you seriously are grasping for straws to make eu look evil for sake of being evil . 
  ss were a private paramilitary organization that served as adolf hitler 's honour guard . 
  there were separate from the wehrmacht , a national army of germany , and both organizations hated one another . 
  no wehrmacht officer nor soldiers would have ever taken orders from an ss officers and soldiers , same was true vice versa . 
  but both sides agreed on one thing , exterminating people they deemed as subhumans . 
  it is a suppressed memory that should remain suppressed . 
  nonsense , many developers also want to maximize profits . 
  salary increase ? 
  keeping jobs in long term ? 
  maximising profits does n't necessary means making an unfinished game . 
   the soviet archives , ( ya ` know , the ones written by the actual victors ) were n't available to the west ( thanks to a little thing known as `` the cold war '' ) till the '90s . 
  to be fair , it did n't help that soviets only wanted to spread propaganda instead of providing actual historical facts that were often time inconvenient for them . 
  even nazis who worked in extermination camps in 1940 's denied there was ever a holocaust . 
  from what i 've seen it 's like arma 3 but with more fun but unrealistic combat mechanics and fast animations and much more limited multiplayer in term of players count . 
   meanwhile , my friend who had been insanely hyped for the game , and convinced me to give the beta a shot , was 100 % turned off , and kinda hated it . 
   opinions 're weird , yo . 
  actually it makes some sense . 
  for me personally with me andromeda , i was dreading that game 's existence since 2015 . 
  i absolutely loathed the idea of jumping to another galaxy , while i was still burned down by me3 endings . 
  so i had rather low expectations about the game . 
  i did changed my tone in last month before game 's release to more positive look , but still kept low expectations . 
  then i played the game and i 'm loving it so much . 
  yet a lot of people are hating it or highly disappointed with it . 
  i think a lot of it plays with what were your expectations at first . 
  if have low expectations , you 'll more likely to enjoy the game . 
  if you have high expectations , you 'll more likely end up hating the game . 
  hell to add to it , i 'm probably one of the few people who are not disappointed with no man 's sky . 
  it was exactly the game i expected it to be . 
  i still have no idea how huge number of people bought into the hype that was one unrealistic levels . 
  titanfall 2 did sold well , but it had a really bumpy start for being released so close to bf1 for some damn bizzare reasons . 
  ea did managed to fix it on christmas sales by selling bf1 and tf2 in a package deal . 
  still , amateurishly dumb marketing decision by ea at first . 
  jesus , me : a is the best written bioware game as of yet . 
  how the hell can people think it 's horribly written while not hating on previous instalments ? 
  also , i think there is a porn subreddit with that name . 
  but you do get to see impacts of your decisions . 
  you get to see and fight alongside with your allies on final mission . 
  that 's far more then any me game put together . 
  hmh , that is actually quite hard to explain , as i 'm struggling to even type it out . 
  i 'll think about it for a while first , then post my explanation . 
  maybe not on reddit though , but on bsn . 
  is n't that whole point of the game ? 
  to bang aliens ? 
  i missed this scene . 
  it 's so adorable . 
  i am a slav . 
  i remember i was among the first subscribers and posters on that subreddit years ago . 
  was it always this bad and i just did n't noticed or refused to notice ? 
  a temporary victory . 
  once us recovers , and it will recover , usa will 100 % hostile towards russia for generations to come . 
  us will do everything they can to fuck with russia and putin 's regime will pay dearly . 
  that 's naive . 
  huge chunk of world population also wants to be like aristocratic like top 1 % . 
  they just fail at it . 
  ugh , that goddamn place . 
  why did you reminded me . 
  ryder is 21 at the start of the game . 
  i just realized i 'm older then ryder . 
  and they treat video games more seriously then politics at same time . 
  9 completed playthroughs in me1 , i think like 30 completed playthroughs in me2 and like 6 completed playthroughs in me3 but with 100 's of hours of mp . 
  yet i 'm loving me : a. 
  suck it !, 
  uj / i might get this game some day , only because i 'm a sucker for awesome robot characters . 
  also it helps it will be released on pc . 
  only difference is , chinese government created that atmosphere for the chinese men to be like that . 
  but for our westerner 4chan manchildren , it 's completely on them for being wretched . 
  they are a populist reactionary rabble . 
  past mainstream conservatives hated that sort of bunch , but today they are the norm of the conservative brand worldwide . 
  and while it did n't bring quick end of the war , he sure did cripple the confederates logistics and cut off resources rich texas from rest of confederacy . 
  also i think like 40 % of mexican-us border is a privately owned land by thousands of different individuals . 
  trump 's administration wo n't be able to buy off all of that private land before the impossible 2nd term of trump presidency ends . 
  because that shit will get dragged out as these private owners will demand unreasonable prices , mainly because they are uninterested to sell the land in first place and likely hate trump in first place . 
  never heard of nma . 
   nye and ** tyson ** currently seem to really revel in the opportunity to get the general populace involved in learning though . 
  it would be helpful if tyson would stop disrespecting historians and history academia though .
