  so this is why no competition can be made , it 's just not economical to dwell into free online video service nor can you charge for it either . 
  no , he had last minute plan changes . 
  those things happen . 
  yeah , only mike gamble dropped out in last minute . 
  no , cersei has no legitimate claim to be the queen of the iron throne . 
  it is a complete nonsense to think that , due to how feudal succession works in westeros . 
  same goes for dorne and reach . 
  ellaria sand and olenna tyrell also have no legitimacy to take over their houses nor be wardens of their regions . 
  while i 'm at it , it is quite hilarious that only woman that has legitimacy to take over anything in westeros is sansa stars ( brann stark is assumed dead until season 7 ) . 
  yet she 's the only one that does n't get to rule , allowing illegitimate bastard jon snow takes over the north . 
  so pretty much every ruler in westeros , but euron greyjoy and robin arryn , is an illegitimate ruler . 
  i hope not , theon had already spend 2 and half seasons being in prison . 
  why get caught again , it 's just repeating the same shit again . 
  i hope theon just escapes on his own and yara get 's caught during naval battle . 
  so now theon is on his own quest to save his sister , just like she tried to save him from ramsay . 
  yeah , like , how do people even get to this conclusion ? 
  wun wun died south of the wall , while there 's hundreds if not thousands of dead giants north of the wall . 
  and the nights king is unable to raise the dead south of the wall , or unable to raise the dead unless he is relatively close to the dead . 
  in both case , wun wun ca n't be risen as a wight to serve white walkers . 
  at least not until white walkers are able to go south of the wall . 
  and that 's not even pointing out that wun wun got risen from dead and instead of attacking a small winterfell garrison to attempt to maim and kill some of leaders , he marches of north of the wall without anyone noticing . 
  hell , he somehow goes through the wall , despite the impracticality to go through physically as well magical protection . 
  walt disney was anti-semitic and a nazi sympathizer . 
  ceo 's of disney today are tame compared to him . 
   i forgot to disable sunset invasion and guess what ? 
  thankfully you no longer need to disable the dlc and you can just turn off option of aztec invasion in game settings before starting new game . 
  i 've seen [ a video recently ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6fdcqvk91m ) that theorized that wights managed to enter through the wall because they were technically invited in by the night 's watch . 
   as much as we like pope francis , he still thinks anyone who is n't catholic is going to hell . 
  catholicism does n't work that way . 
  no , a german scouting party got close to moscow . 
  not the entire german army . 
  even if entire german army reached moscow , the battle of moscow would have been far more brutal and longer affair then battle of stalingrad . 
  and germans lost at stalingrad , really , really badly . 
  battle of moscow would have been even far worse for germans . 
  especially since all russian railways connected in moscow , so losing moscow means russians would have lost their biggest advantage , mobility on massive scale . 
  so russia would have fought even harder for moscow , then they did for stalingrad . 
  also winter hurt russians pretty badly too . 
  russians are still humans , extreme colds hurt them too and make their military logistics a nightmare . 
  moscow was much more important for war effort in ww2 then in napoleonic wars , simply because moscow was the main crossroad of russian railway system . 
  losing moscow would have been a strategic disaster for russians , as trains were essential to their exceptional mobility in massive scale and to supply their massive army across massive country . 
  losing moscow was unacceptable for ussr . 
  as well they heavily fortified the city in advance of german offensive . 
  that time , russians were ready to defend every meter of moscow with every body and rifle they had in area . 
  and they had more bodies and rifles at moscow then germans did in entire eastern front in 1941 . 
  however it is massively unlikely germans would have ever been able to capture moscow . 
  they lacked manpower , weapons , armour and capable logistics to capture moscow . 
  stalingrad is a much smaller city then moscow is , remember . 
  germans suffered a massive defeat in that city , they 'd have fared far worse at moscow . 
  also a coup against stalingrad would have been a good thing for ussr . 
  stalin is main person to be blamed for most of crushing defeats and blunders ussr suffered during entire ww2 . 
  someone more capable , let 's say zhukov , would have turned ussr into a true menace . 
  leningrad was useless to ussr , they had no real baltic navy . 
  entire leningrad affair was a waste of manpower and resources for germans , as german generals were too focused to gain ideological victory over actually trying to win a war . 
  germans were crushed at stalingrad and there 's no way they 'd fare better at much larger and heavily fortified moscow . 
  rex was n't able to get those sanctions lifted , so now he has no incentive to continue this charade . 
  tillerson is historically very anti-russia too . 
  so he 's probably glad his move to tow trump 's party line had failed on lifting those sanctions . 
  well , only because trump admitted he regretted firing flynn . 
  yeah , but obama would n't exploit that . 
  he does n't want to be a president again . 
  it 's not even an issue over legacy , obama just does n't want to get back that stress and pressure every us president gets . 
   people kept saying the same about stannis , and look how that turned out . 
  stannis lost due to bad writing . 
  i mean , what are the chances randyll will suffer the same fa - ... shit , pretty good chances of that actually . 
  my guess is sam could n't steal milk of the poppy without getting caught . 
  to be fair , she did offer varys a chance to not backstab her instead of burning him alive . 
  fur cgi is more expensive then massive dragons cgi . 
  yeah , sansa needs to merry robin to rule the vale , although through robin . 
  good thing robin is still available !, 
  also a preview of episode 3 is released , and in it jon and davos are about to meet dany sitting on dragonstone throne . 
  to be honest , i think littlefinger will hit the same brickwall in the books . 
  he should have stopped when he married lysa . 
  he had stable de-facto control of the vale through her and holds harrenhal giving him big power presence in riverlands where tulliy 's are mostly gone and 90 year old walder frey is only one keeping frey 's from civil war . 
  and yet he 's pushing for more , because he think he can . 
  killing lysa was a massive gamble , as now his rule over vale is shaky as without lysa everyone else can fight over influencing robin . 
  and for what ? 
  unless he is the agent of the white walkers so he 's destabilizing everyone ( including essos with attempting to bankrupt the iron bank ) , he is clearly aiming to gain a rule of entire westeros . 
  perhaps a direct rule too . 
  and that goal is just unrealistic . 
  he has no army , he has no real allies , nobody likes him and many wants him gone if not outright dead . 
  lf is simply trying to get way more then he can carry and that 's gon na be his shortfall . 
  unless he 's a white walker agent , then all the scheming he done in both books and show is a perfectly well done job . 
  there is a theory that dragon horn is used to control humans , not dragons . 
  valyria was an empire based on slave economy , so those horns were useful . 
  and euron likely used dragon horn to win kingsmoot , despite lacking any initial support . 
  there 's also nothing to suggest dany 's besieging army would n't allow civilians to leave kings landing . 
  so , 10,000 balistas runs by 20 good men ? 
  nah , mccain maybe saved them from losing arizona . 
  gop is just beyond saving for 2018 and 2020 . 
  it 's just now up to democrats and american voters to actually not score and own goal in both of those elections . 
   yes , making 101 million dollars on a 100 million dollar investment is a financial success, 
  no , that is considered a financial failure . 
  to be a financial success you need to earn at least 50 % of what you had spend on . 
  as in from 100 million investment you earn 150 million , so plus 50 million in profit . 
  that 's a minimal success , in that ratio . 
  [ tweet confirming he joined phoenix labs ] ( https://twitter.com/ehlien/status/890726480543600640 ) . 
  also this studio has many ex-bioware developers . 
  barrett rodych , tyler lee , reid buckmaster , rob blake , robin mayne and the most famous jesse houston . 
  except ea would have mentioned that me : a sales were lower then expected . 
  which they always do when their games sell poorly .
