  people 's court ? 
  that sounds something what darn commies would say !, 
  this is obama 's doing !, 
  yeah , that utopia ai n't gon na happen . 
  it just has to be confirmed by now . 
  dark horse just does n't give a shit with me comics , while walters has a huge ego or does n't give a shit either . 
  because it 's been a while since russia was in some major war . 
  so people forget the fact they are run by oppressive dictator , who should be making mitt romney great in comparison to him . 
  did n't he already do that , in past ? 
  or was it someone else , that is n't palestine ? 
  that 's a lot of trojan horses warnings i got , when i clicked the link . 
   slavic attacks, 
  how in the world ? 
  slavs did n't even enter history books , when western roman empire fallen . 
  wish ya good luck !, 
  i do n't think polish libertarians are alone in that . 
  well now now warning happen and link ai n't blocked . 
  so , bizarre . 
  to be fair , he 's being downvoted . 
  now that 's literally mussolini !, 
  go and get him !, 
  lol, 
  maybe , just maybe , this will make him consider to make a decent pc port . 
  at first i thought it was games for windows live , not just windows . 
  otherwise , it would n't make damn sense to combine that turd with steam . 
  it 's probably due to me still playing on ancient 2008 pc hardware , but it looks great to me . 
  i just spam that goddamn quick save . 
  i hate losing progress due to shitty checkpoint system . 
   `` the patriots took prisoners while the brits heroically killed them '', 
  how does that even work ? 
  nah , war was pretty much lost for germany when they failed to defeat ussr before winter . 
  germany no longer had resources nor manpower to defeat russians , while the allies could have exploit that without usa . 
  just much later and slower . 
  usa pretty much shorten the war , massively lowered casualties and stopped even bigger communist influence over europe , post-ww2 . 
  which means they , while a giant help and deserved most credit they got , were not required to defeat germans . 
   that is of course ignoring things like lend-lease . 
  i meant military involving , speaking . 
  otherwise , the allies would be screwed without those essential supplies . 
  to be fair , he 's probably a masochist . 
   consoles are the computer version of the dark ages . 
  religion held back science and people just like consoles are holding back software development and people . 
  [ that never happen ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/middleages#wiki_the_.22dark_ages.22 ) . 
  man , guy is disgracing the name he 's using . 
  [ all hail the chart !, 
  ] ( http://pictures.mastermarf.com/blog/2009/090330-dark-ages.jpg ), 
  because they were allies with japan , perhaps ? 
  simple . 
  japan wanted to avoid war on 2 fronts , while also already had non-aggression pact with ussr . 
  germany already was in 3 front war . 
  with the british over skies of brittan and sea , then against with british on african front ( since italy was losing horribly on it 's own ) and against the russians on eastern front . 
  plus , germany expected for usa to join the war . 
  just nobody knew when . 
  besides their major focus was to defeat ussr , cause their land and resources would be a giant advantage for germany . 
  plus most of their eastern troops would get send to africa and france . 
  in other words , allies would be fucked even with us joining . 
  that 's why allies send huge amount of supplies , weapons , equipment , tanks , trucks and more to ussr . 
  it was not an option for ussr to be defeated . 
  edit # 1, 
  oh and japan had no reason nor gain to gamble on multiple fronts , unlike germany . 
  game date is august 1938 . 
  i think op accidentally or on purpose started ww2 early . 
  that 's disappointingly lame cover . 
  ironically , aca was their counter plan while democrats were still trying to push universal healthcare . 
  you did well a.i. 
  croatia , you did well . 
  i had no expectations . 
  not even following on the game , since it ai n't coming on pc . 
  i 've just seen this thread appear on my my reddit homepage and find cover pretty damn bland . 
  so that 's about it , which is little a shame since game did look pretty cool when i was watching e3 . 
  but op is not a guy , you silly bot . 
  wait , i did n't think that one through . 
  shit man , sorry to hear that happen to ya . 
  and then robots rebel from it 's human slavers . 
  yay . 
  actually i 'm quite aware man can be raped too . 
  just automatically assumed op is a girl , since ... hmh ... is heterocentric a real word ? 
  like eurocentric , just with typical society views and not history . 
   sold on the open market , where christ knows who would be buying them, 
  nah , let the free market flow !, 
  it never went wrong !, 
  thanks for that . 
  no , you can keep the axe . 
  very cool !, 
  modders fix that . 
  croatia no in eu . 
  croatia not relevant . 
  croatia sad . 
  well you got yourself a new follower . 
  they have short term memory loss . 
  not really , since i ca n't put paper money . 
  ai n't that still the case ? 
  wtf ?!, 
  croatia go home , you 're drunk !, 
  the hell is venice doing in bosnia ? 
  i browsed there once and they are all very polite , while being racist white supremacists fascist assholes . 
  from stalin , that order would have happen . 
  fucking islands , how do they work ? 
  yeah , we do n't get to have vatican much here . 
  and it was done here , perfectly . 
  well , it was a surprise attack from rear .
