   we do n't hear as much about it because technically , georgia attacked russia first , but that was after them witnessing russia build up military forces and military installations in `` independent '' break away georgian territories ( south ossetia and abkhazia ) for several years . 
  except pro-russian militants started shelling georgian forces first , while russian `` peacekeeping '' forces were standing right next to them . 
  russia pretty much sacrificed their soldiers just to manipulate the world that they were defending themselves , when they invaded georgia . 
  there 's a thing called development hell . 
  sometimes developing a game too long will create a major failure . 
  time and resource constraints are quite necessary often . 
  there 's no evidence to back up that me : a got shelved . 
  in fact evidence so far proves the opposite . 
  koch brothers want to return to pre-fdr era . 
  era that caused great depression . 
  those guys are just insane , because even they will get fucked hard by that . 
  well clearly they assassinated hitler after he got furious over czech fortifications . 
  for the full game , go for it . 
  for dlc 's , wait for summer sale . 
  i get the feeling this sort of music would have been considered degenerate art in nazi germany . 
  yeah , indeed . 
  we should n't forget that serbian military leadership was trying to destabilize austria-hungary for years to achieve greater serbia . 
  they even assassinated their own king years before assassinating archduke ferdinand , because king wanted to improve relations with the habsburg crown . 
  yet , things are consistently coming from that `` gutted '' studio . 
  bioware never did that though . 
  they have some seriously weird marketing strategy with dlc 's . 
  that 's the top priority for ea , money and profits . 
  not what internet memes say . 
  bioware never announced their dlc 's at e3 nor at any other similar convection . 
  and yet in today 's twitch stream , bioware montreal implied there will be more future content . 
  for a studio about to be shut down , they sure as hell doing quite a bit of work . 
  almost as is schreier is full of it . 
  thing is . 
  me : a is still selling , despite polarized reception . 
  and game still did n't got negative reception like , for example , watch_dogs did . 
  that game still got a sequel just because it sold well , so developers got a second chance . 
  also bioware montreal was created with sole purpose to take over mass effect mantel , because former me team at edmonton is determined to focus on their new ip anthem . 
  only way they get back to me franchise is if anthem turns out to be a critical and financial disappointment . 
  no , that 's objectively wrong . 
  mass effect 1 was a very bad game . 
  it was barely playable , massively buggy , re-used levels , no effort put in open world levels , terrible and clunky combat mechanics and more . 
  mass effect 3 had a terrible main story and ending to end the trilogy . 
  mass effect 2 was only one to can be considered excellent , but even then that game aged poorly . 
  that 's wrong . 
  bioware edmonton has been grooming bioware montreal to take over mass effect ip while me2 was still releasing dlc 's . 
  this was a long term plan . 
  me team had realized long time ago , that once they 're done with me trilogy , they wanted to start new ip . 
  but at same time they knew fans wanted more of mass effect and some senior devs still wanted to continue working on me franchise , instead of new ip . 
  so that 's why they created bioware montreal . 
  you do n't create a studio that will only do support work forever . 
  it was always intended to work it 's own projects once it can stand on it 's feet on it 's own . 
   mass effect 1 is still the best mass effect game to date . 
   it was n't massively buggy, 
  this is the most absurd shit i had ever since . 
  me1 not massively buggy ? 
  hahahaha !!!, 
  you 're absurd . 
    the question is - on what grounds are we going to sue these bastards . 
   not appropriating enough education money so that we can solve the problem of ignorant people like you . 
  sick burn . 
  they never read anything about them in first place . 
  they only know of the memes . 
  as i almost daily look at 538 aggregate , i hope they either lower the score of rasmussen polls or outright ban them from their site . 
  because this is some massive nonsense . 
  they 're anarcho-capitalist . 
  koch brothers are the true ugly face of failed , broken and corrupt of that ideology . 
  well soviet logistics follow them close behind , though . 
  did n't also canadians outproduced soviets in trucks production too ? 
   they have made an unholy alliance with protestant christians, 
  i smell heresy !, 
  well banning swastika to be used as player emblems in multiplayer matches makes sense , but for singleplayer story it is dumb and just shows how german government treats videos games as mere children 's toys . 
  here 's a thing . 
  assad failed to keep stability in syria . 
  by sending in military to shoot at peaceful protestors , he caused the civil war . 
  and in years of the syrian civil war , he had shown no willingness to negotiate with rebels beyond unconditional capitulation of rebels side and shown no serious effort for reconciliation . 
  assad 's regime , along with his iranian and russian allies that keep him alive , is just turning syria into a new afghanistan . 
  also , libya is in far superior position then syria . 
  there has n't been any fighting in libya between rebels and government since december of 2015 . 
  the biggest event that happened so libya so far was complete destruction of isis forces , now forced into guerilla warfare . 
  syria is in far worse position today , then libya is . 
  that 's plain and simple . 
  only difference is , syria get 's a lot of mainstream media coverage while libya is largely forgotten . 
  beyond libya somehow being worse off then syria , to bash western imperialism . 
  ypg/pkk are de-facto allied with assad , they are not the opposition . 
  i 'm sorry , but assad is not only person qualified to run syria just because you know his full name . 
  assad failed to keep stability in syria , he had outright caused this civil war and had shown no will to de-escalate matters by getting rebels to negotiation tables and do any serious reconciliation program . 
  assad is the source of the cancer that is destroying syria . 
  it will be a new face with new leadership that can save that country . 
  because an average gamers age is in mid-20 's . 
  it 's quite clear games can provide mature material , so should n't be classified broadly as children toys . 
  there are already committees to make sure to classify what 's appropriate for kids or not . 
  why not make a committee that can review games on are they just showing authentic historic events or are they pushing for nazi propaganda ( intentional or not ) . 
  iraq 2.0 would still be an improvement over what syria is today . 
  only countries worse then syria are somalia and north korea . 
  as for russia , i do n't know . 
  russia is one poking europe and us more and more , asking for a war to happen with it 's increased political and military escalations . 
  it feels like war with russia is unavoidable . 
  unless russia collapses into internal revolution/civil war over collapsing economy or western world completely capitulating by giving russia a green light to do whatever they want to do . 
  axis started total war shit , allies showed them the true consequences of total war shit . 
  japan has been massively aggressive and imperialistic ever since meiji restoration . 
  they were not kind to koreans and manchurians before ww2 happened , they only gotten worse with invasions of china , vietnam , philippines and other east asian countries . 
   reality folded in on itself when eisenhower decided to make nixon his vp . 
  til eisenhower 's vp was richard nixon . 
  ofcourse , not even he could have been perfect . 
  there is no evidence that saudi arabia government is funding terrorists .
