  but assad staying to lead syria will only prolong the conflict and he will keep making same mistakes that lead to this war in first place . 
  eeeeh , origin existing is a good thing to have a competition in online digital distribution market . 
  steam having a de-facto monopoly is a bad idea . 
  it 's no civil war . 
   it 's the same in ** all ** slavic languages . 
  except these guys are being put on court to be judged for their crimes ? 
  you can , but that method would get you shadowbanned . 
  did they had to rotate it and make it confusing ? 
  you 're not even trying now . 
   the separatists are probably even less credible . 
  ukrainian government is very trustworthy , when compared with pro-russian forces . 
  they simply can not be compared on that . 
  still better then a dirt road . 
  oh , eu finally reacted on debaltseve battle . 
  it took half a year though , but better late then never ? 
   and take a holiday, 
  i dread for a country that will face him as a vacationer . 
   nobody alive in 1km diameter in a country as densely populated as china . 
  that 's impossible , only nukes are capable to kill everyone in such radius . 
  both . 
  i think surrenders count as cassulties too in that case . 
  [ on bbc , 95 people are missing of which 85 are firefighters ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-33951125 ) . 
   what kind of idiot came up with that estimate ? 
  no , it was bain that drives us insane in that goddamn heist . 
  but they never get even close to 3 digits in downvotes . 
  until assad is removed from power , it will keep going . 
  better yet , keep safehouse customization for payday 3 . 
  pd2 is heavily limited on an ancient diesel 2.0 engine ( one of major reason for bad netcode ) . 
  overkill is doing miracles with that old engine . 
  however , overkill still royally messed up with promising too much and overhyping . 
  they really need to cut down on that from now on . 
   die defending your wealth . 
  that one is an odd one . 
  ah , that one makes sense . 
  apparently debaltseve battle does n't count . 
  if such secret agreement exist , it would not only be internationally illegitimate agreement but also german diplomatic reputation would be in complete ruins if it got discovered . 
  because north america is a hoax . 
  however hillary clinton is as hated as loved . 
  this might kill her presidential nominations once again , just like when obama beaten her despite being complete unknown . 
  sometimes i think vice news deliberately mistranslates . 
  oh i hope to see mateo replace and surpass modri\u0107 in national team then . 
  modri\u0107 is very amazing , mateo being better then him would be absolutely amazing !, 
  my personal guess is that military base explosion in rostov region had temporarily crippled supplies to pro-russian forces in donbas . 
  as well some of the failed pro-russian attacks during the `` ceasefire '' had also shown that ukraine forces are well entranced and capable to make a quick counter-offensive to return lost land without suffering heavy losses like in 2014 . 
  so that 's what i think , supply line got temporary crippled and russian leadership began to rethink their new offensive strategy had delayed new pro-russian offensive . 
  does n't look like it even exploded , just penetrated through building . 
  i think this one was a dud . 
  whole drone bombing thing had happen during his rule , obama 's nobel prize win was tarnished long ago . 
  you ca n't be pro-govorment and anti-assad at same time . 
  assad is the government !, 
  to attempt to separate them is just being utterly delusional , not pragmatic . 
  slovenia in 887 ad ? 
  lol, 
  oh it 's indeed a war crime , but major luck it was a dud and nobody seems to got harmed . 
  so zabadani will hold for few more days , then . 
  hot . 
  he did n't even need to shoot , he could have just run into a goal with the ball . 
  [ some fan theory suggests ] ( #g `` that jaime and cercei were put under some sorcerer spell so their love was manufactured . 
  which is why their romantic relationship feels so forced and rapey . '' ), 
  yeah , all interior scenes are done in los angeles . 
   you wo n't die in the span of the next hour or two for it to download, 
  how about day or two to download +50 gb game . 
  now that 's a truly slow internet ... that i have . 
  not when hype had consumed you . 
  not that anyone should get hyped over anything , i learned that in very hard way with mass effect 3 and rome 2 total war . 
  or , you know , my financial status and living in a country with expensive and slow internet . 
  they ca n't without making a new game engine from scratch . 
  and the best part is most of the austro-hungaria army was on russian front , significant number on serbian front and very little stayed to defend italian border . 
  and italians still struggled to get any gains on that front , despite them having only one front to fight in which they took the initiative to start it in first place . 
  it 's not september yet . 
  but this failed offensives are just wasting regime 's already strained manpower and big loss of armored vehicles , while giving a lot of capture weapons and ammo to rebels . 
  unless there 's gon na be some foreign military intervention to aid regime against rebels , this sort of delay tactic is just a waste of men and resources . 
  rebels will come to hama or latakia , regime is only delaying it a bit at big cost . 
  it 's simply not cost effective , likely not even effective at all . 
   were it not for is , saa would have wiped the floor with jan and fsa by now . 
  if it were n't for is , rebels would have won long ago . 
  what do you mean it 's good for regime ?!, 
  they 're losing the war on attrition !, 
  regime forces are shrinking in numbers of troops and arms , while rebels are growing despite reduced foreign aid , regime 's terror bombing and isis advances . 
  what the hell is assad trying to wait for ?!, 
  he 's not reforming his military to fight properly , so he 's not waiting for a new modern syrian army to be put on front . 
  he ai n't getting foreign military intervention , as russia is incapable for that and iran can only send militias that are already in iraq in fight against isis . 
  he ai n't getting support from the western world countries in fight against isis , let alone against rebels . 
  assad long term strategy has no basis in reality and he 's simply delaying his defeat on the heavy cost of all syrian people . 
  that 's a completely absurd statement . 
  so much for saa capturing the place in under few hours . 
  i remember seeing months ago a compilation video about rebels killing saa 's soldiers with snipers , rpg 's and atgm 's , and most of the time saa soldiers were just casually strolling around like they 're nowhere near a warzone . 
  jesus , are saa soldiers that poorly trained ? 
  isis does n't have as much armor as saa . 
  hence more anti-tanks weapons are used on saa , then on isis . 
  what 's the rally about ? 
  i somehow doubt they can produce enough in quantity to replace imported food . 
  i somehow doubt they are jesus . 
  since it 's from france24 , i assume this is finally a legit report ? 
  except if an entire enemy army had routed , you can quit the battle and you still win . 
   bizarrely enough , i think he would . 
  as long it 's not him or his friends that pay taxes , every other rich person is shit out of luck . 
  assad caused this entire war and no damn rebel will seek any political solution until assad is taken down from power due to his terror bombings on rebel civilian populace . 
  rebels will never accept any deal where assad is not arrested and put on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  assad needs to go , then you can get political solution and only then you can even start to think about getting rid of extremist elements among rebels .
