  transnistria and south ossetia were short , quick , small and had little damage to infrastructure . 
  novorossiya is large and in complete wreck . 
  though , ironically , insurgents destroy lot 's of bridges and roads in their retreats . 
  those things will hurt russian invaders by a lot , considering they 're on offensive and without air support ( until putin decides to openly invade ) . 
  nobody really expected russia would intervene that bluntly . 
  true , but more and more russian soldier getting killed or captured , putin will lose more and more plausible deniability of invasion and support by russians outraged over their lost sons , brothers and husbands . 
  lavrov 's statement is just comical . 
  how does nato 's increased defenses affect ukraine peace talks at all ? 
  unless russia actually invaded ukraine , which lavrov and russia deny , it 's just a dumb statement . 
  but , ofcourse , russia is invading ukraine and lavrov damn knows it so he 's threatening nato with punishing ukraine more over that . 
  so it 's just damn comical . 
  people of novorossiya and russia would have hated putin if he never tries to properly fix it . 
  true , but it 's just hard to take lavrov seriously anymore to warrant a serious and informed response . 
  but !, 
  i 've been told russia has nothing to do with insurgents !, 
  why is putin agreeing on cease fire ?!, 
  what 's going on ? 
  china will only exploit russia ( as well as the western powers ) while middle east also has it 's own grievances against russia . 
   they are currently winning after all . 
  for now . 
  they 'll start to stumble upon destroyed bridges and roads they destroyed themselves . 
  as well go further away from russian border , so wo n't get any discreet artillery nor air-support from russia . 
  this conflict is gon na stagnate very soon , until russia openly invades or ukraine get 's serious nato support . 
  merkel ? 
  warmonger ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
  with what troops ? 
  maripoul is heavily reinforced and getting fortified . 
  there 's no way they can take that city , which they need to have any shot to go for the south . 
  and even if they could , no way they can hold it and continue to advance more to south . 
  lands they have no chance to take over and let alone hold . 
   the ukrainian military has promptly vanished . 
  soldiers and officers alike have taken off their uniforms , abandoned their weapons , and are doing their best to blend in with the locals . 
  nobody thought the odds of the ukrainian army against the russians were any good . 
  ukraine 's only military victory against russia was at the battle of konotop in 1659 , but at the time ukraine was allied with the mighty khanate of crimea , and , you may have noticed , crimea is not on ukraine 's side this time around . 
  the hell this has to do with anything ? 
  russia owns the same but more golden plated title , so it hardly makes a difference . 
  they look exactly like crimean `` green men '' . 
  no , russians will only get slaughtered with them . 
  they ca n't take maripoul without air support . 
  and they ca n't bring air support without openly invading . 
  well , use it for yourselves . 
  they also said they 'll ( re ) capture spain and the balkans . 
  putin will use just about anything to rally up russian populace . 
  so what 's the point trying to avoid that ? 
  `` parliament resolution condemns russia 's ` aggression ' against ukraine '', 
  they came to conclusion , i think . 
  as in actually admitting and doing full scale invasion . 
  ukraine has no reason to use them . 
  if for all eu nations were to boycott world cup , it would be a disaster for fifa and it 's sponsors . 
  no amount of bribe money would be enough to cover those losses . 
  france could do it . 
  they 'll host euro 2016 , so they 're pretty much set up to host world cup in case russia get 's stripped from hosting . 
  this groups are invading everywhere , they 're merely the most successful within gaming media . 
  what 's with the people blaming poroshenko for all deaths ? 
  and it 's done . 
  pretty good match . 
  now for croatia to demolish malta . 
   but good catch , everyone seems to forget about bosnia nowadays . 
  for now . 
  geez , as if having the largest worldwide empire that subjugated hundreds of different cultures and nations did n't came with a some consequences . 
  except , people did n't think like that 1400 years ago . 
   internal server error, 
  vice news videos the only part of the vice worth to look into . 
  not just worth watching , but a must watch . 
  you 'll nowhere else find the ballsyness , honesty and objectivity of those reports . 
  otherwise , they 're just crappy sensationalistic site . 
  latest news i 've heard is they have been arresting crimean tatars . 
  ca n't blame the guy , he 's in really fucked up position . 
  i misread it . 
  crimean tatars were n't being arrested , but being under armed searches . 
  why the questions marks in europe ? 
  done . 
  but should be very satisfying when you win , instead . 
  russia has no legal right to be part of this investigation , unless called to join . 
  plane was n't theirs , it did n't crash in their territory and none of the casualties are russian . 
  nothing says more ukrainian then zebras !, 
  poroshenko visiting maripoul proves city is not surrounded , so this map is bs . 
  there were better and more subtle ways to edit out a video to avoid copyright takedown . 
  does ukraine even own phosphorus shells ? 
  just mirror it ? 
  2nd placer get 's directly qualified to euro . 
  what the hell was goalkeeper doing ? 
  even if he was able to stop the ball , he was already deep inside the net so it would n't matter . 
   in my eyes nato looks more like the league of nations right now , which is pretty pathetic . 
  un takes that title . 
  well that only makes it worse for them to not join the investigation . 
  who and why this person is relevant ? 
  goddamn it !, 
  fortress defense is gon na become a norm now . 
  modri\u0106 scores in first minute of second half !!!!, 
  happy birthday modri\u0106 !!!, 
  nice one iceland . 
  i hope you keep it like this and qualify . 
  i still feel bad croatia had to go through you to get to world cup . 
  well by then i wo n't feel bad if we beat you once more . 
  we 're aiming to win the euro !, 
  yes , i 'm overconfident . 
   may be biased, 
  that 's not a maybe and you know it .
