  no wonder democracy works almost perfectly in iceland . 
  i 'm still sadden by the fact ivica kosteli\u0107 did n't managed to get his olympics gold . 
  this was his last chance , but sadly injuries overtaken him and even getting that silver is a huge success . 
  quite a bit , but all were such pathetic failures they got easily covered up like they never happen . 
   the winter olympics are over , so i can go back to not caring about sports for 4 years, 
  hey !, 
  you need wait first to croatia crushing norway in euro 2016 qualifications , then you can stop caring about sports . 
  when i talk about usa 's issues , i sound like a giant socialist ( by european standards , not silly american ) . 
  but when i talk about issues of my own country , i sound very much libertarian . 
  man i sometimes scare myself . 
  because yanukovych is a suborn bastard and his allies did n't abandon him in droves until recently . 
  if protestors used guns from start of riots and in masses , ex-president yanukovych would have had justification to send in the army and slaughter protestors . 
  and considering protestors are varying in ideologies and only united due common enemy , it would also potentially get them to kill each other . 
  also there are neo-nazis among protestors who , while minority , have significant large numbers and support . 
  with that they 're also openly antisemitic , so it puts ukranian jews in danger ( even though they 're also mostly pro-euromaiden ) . 
  so guns would be a horrible idea and would only make more bloodshed . 
  and reason why euromaiden was so successful is by being peaceful for most part , while when not are trying to limit violence and bloodshed as much is possible in chaos . 
  so by keeping their revolution as clean as humanly possible in caused chaos , they earned a lot of domestic and international credibility and support in their just cause . 
  croatia won only a silver . 
  which more then what serbia won !, 
  success !, 
  `` listen up man ! '', 
  yells a tall general / u/turtleeatingalderman `` this is where we hold the line , once again ! '', 
  he then points outside of trenches of devastated / r/til frontline , still filled with bodies and screaming wounded of previous lost causers attack . 
  `` we are not getting support from / r/askhistorians hq today either , but it does n't matter !, 
  we are the / r/badhistory brigade , after all ! '', 
  general continues to speak , to lift the spirit of his men . 
  `` we crushed the wretched holocaust deniers !, 
  we continue to easily deflect any jesus mythers raid from / r/atheism !, 
  and we continue to slaughter / r/theredpill 's assaults ! '', 
  general then stops for few moments , as he looks at his men being cheerful for a bit , by getting reminded for their great victories . 
  `` by the our glorious vulcan god and our great prophet / u/god-was-a - volcano , we shall be victorious once again today !, 
  today , for once and for all , the lost causers will fall and truly become the lost cause ! '', 
  general / u/turtleeatingalderman finishes his speech , as his men now cheer loudly and showing confidence to fight and win another battle . 
  football !, 
  it 's called football !, 
  and just for that you 'll get your nets filled !, 
  mi imamo cnn ? 
  wait , did n't someone gave me that exact response a while ago ? 
  lol , that would funny, 
  well just discovered croatia , bosnia and serbia are getting their regional cnn . 
  it should be interesting . 
  omega , the space station that was a safe heaven by criminals , pirates , terrorists and wrongdoers of all other sorts , is now under the control of the authoritarian pro-human terrorist group , cerberus . 
  general oleg petrovsky , the right hand of the illusive man , has with his genius military tactics and strategies , cunning , trickery and luck , snatched omega from notorious criminal syndicate leader aria . 
  victory was n't achieved without a price . 
  many cerberus troopers were killed , along with many human of omega . 
  even non-human casualties bothered general petrovsky . 
  cerberus is a pro-human organization and it mostly attracts xenophobic humans , but oleg was n't like that . 
  he respected an alien life as much as human life . 
  he believes that cooperation with aliens can help human advances . 
  however he 's still human interests first and thinks vigilance is required to achieve human advances . 
  after conquering omega , by forcing aria to leave or get it 's precious station destroyed , general petrovsky enforced martial law . 
  many more cerberus troops and ships , as well gaining many human volunteers from omega itself , came to help occupation of omega . 
  despite the large numbers , advanced technology and lot 's of resources , occupation of omega had limited success . 
  many criminals and pirates refused to lose their freedom of criminal life or even face prison . 
  while non-human residents , an absolute majority of the omega population , were justifiably more then upset being ruled by pro-human terrorists . 
  not even implementation of force field among districts to limit movement , had helped much to squash unrest . 
  unrest 's were getting out of hand , which made general petrovsky to make drastic actions that surprised everyone , even his own troops and his leader the illusive man . 
  he declared amnesty law to everyone that put down their arms and will be treated with respect and dignity , organized non-human militias to keep order among non-humans , individually picked lieutenants who were not xenophobic , or at least not radical about it , to keep order and organize life among non-humans . 
  decisions he made have for first time made life on omega more then bearable . 
  gang wars , extortion , piracy , drug dealing , murders and other criminal activity was reduced dramatically . 
  even xenophobic atmosphere was reduced , as anarchistic omega had nothing to stop xenophobia among humans , turians , batarians , asari , salarians and other species . 
  life expectancy risen for all , economic situation improved for the poor , law enforcement , fire departments and hospitals have been created . 
  for the first time , omega had an order that kept civilians safe . 
  life was n't pretty under general oleg petrovsky martial rule , but it was the best thing omega ever had . 
  what will be fate for the me3 character support subforum when site converts ? 
  will it still stay locked ? 
  it 's been over a year since it got locked . 
  as well will we be able to upload custom avatars , already ? 
  that 's just sad . 
  why do admins refuse to do anything about it ? 
  how exactly moderated ? 
   that could also be rephrased as `` why do bioware fans publish long winded scientific papers about what a quarian 's foot-sweat would smell like '' . 
  people still remember that one ? 
  and that 's why you should never be overly rigid with your beliefs . 
  til croatia has more soldiers then sweden . 
  well , he could save his face by saying it 's tragic hitler did n't do a better job . 
  he-he-he-ha-ha-ha-ha ... 
  i 'll be burning in hell for that joke . 
  this time by china . 
  someone explain to me the point of region locking the game ? 
  i mean , why ?!, 
  why would you do that ? 
  next euro goal for croatia is be number 1 in group and make sure italy does n't qualify at all . 
  we did it with england , now we 'll do it to italy . 
  why ? 
  because we can !, 
  you get best username reward !, 
  stop that !, 
  you 're giving me a heart-attack !, 
  request denied . 
  pfffft , cookies . 
  i live in the balkans , you have to do better then that !, 
  improving , but still not good enough . 
  medieval 2 total war that has croatian axeman unit . 
  croatia never had axeman infantry !, 
  if there ever were croats using axes in battles , they were probably peasants that brought their axes to battle . 
  which were still not battleaxes . 
  sold !, 
   ( 13:17 ) apparently we were married to the martians or something .
