  if only liberals controlled that party at all , instead of moderate conservatives . 
  why way that bmp just sitting there in open field in middle of clear day ? 
  what are they wearing ? 
  duct tapes ? 
  using human wave tactics in 21st century is like using cavalry charges in ww1 . 
  it 's not gon na work , only slaughter . 
  considering game development started in early 2013 , game has more then enough gave development time . 
  yet dice is going full retard because they have a massive ego problem . 
  oh yeah , i 've seen many redditors being super defensive on them pre-ordering games from developers who are doing shady practices and still get large support in upvotes and comment replies . 
  while rebels are slowly adapting and unifying , saa is still stagnating and wasting it 's manpower . 
  not looking good for assad . 
  nor for daesh , while i 'm at it . 
  why is genocide in quotations ? 
  awesome !, 
  that would be a massive victory of rebels if they manage to encircle saa . 
   the ukrainian conflict began april 2014 after kiev sent troops to donetsk and lugansk regions as people there refused to recognize the new coup-imposed authorities in the capital . 
  uuuuuugggghhh , noooo . 
  there was no coup . 
  yanukovich abstained from his presidential position by running away from ukraine and party of regions accepted to give up on their ministry cabinet positions through voting in parliament in which they controlled majority of it . 
  which was voted in by yanukovich 's party , party of regions . 
  while impeachment itself is not good enough to make him step down , it still shown there was a legal process for him to step down . 
  but instead , he run away before he could have been legally forced to step down . 
  an israeli and saudi discuss about a penis shape on a regional map about military situation . 
  reddit , you lead me to strange places . 
  well it is bigger then sealand . 
  if russia did not had invaded ukraine , option for them to join nato would have still been a possibility . 
  what was the target in third video ? 
  or he was just die hard fanatic ? 
  but russia is still far worse in terms of being ruled by an oligarchy . 
  well , that was bizarre . 
  or perhaps he 's just really confused . 
  yesterday he was fighting against them , now he 's their pow and all of the sudden they dance with him . 
  overkill much ? 
  i 'd be a great polish , apparently . 
  do n't . 
  i do hope they do n't go too lax after this massive victories . 
  i doubt rebels are capable to reach military victory , not without foreign military intervention anyway . 
  it was most likely an honest mistake . 
  cdrp sent them this video and some guy that runs xbox youtube channel derped and forgot to note this is a pc footage . 
  consolation prize ? 
  man simon kinda dropped the ball on that one . 
  us trainers can make a massive difference to an army . 
  i 'd say , us trainers is half of what ukraine army needs from usa . 
  well guy who posted that tweet is pro-government , is n't he ? 
  well this video confirms rebels control huge chunk of the city , at very least . 
  we should expect more videos like this to come that will confirm rebels control most of , if not an entire city . 
  yep . 
  this is gon na be a massive help to ukraine army in long run . 
  during entire croatian independence war , croatian army was far worse off then ukraine is now in comparison to us soldiers equipment . 
  yet us trainers did wonders for croatian army and was one of key reasons why croatia won the war . 
  so this training should help ukraine a ton . 
  so confirmed that the city is fully under rebel control ? 
  i do n't know if there 's any , sadly . 
   is fighting against a superpower, 
  hahahahahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  i 'm sorry , but to claim russia is a superpower is ridiculous . 
  and yes , ukraine could definitely use javelins to utterly cripple pro-russian forces any offensive capabilities . 
  though do note so far ukraine 's army biggest enemy was itself . 
  lack of proper management , logistics , leadership , strategy and tactics was one of major reasons of ukraine 's defeats . 
  us , canadian , uk 's and polish trainers should correct many of these problems . 
  also many of these rebels in syria that use atgm 's so well , were trained by nato country or by qatar that hired former nato country military instructors to train them . 
  combination of being trained and supplied did wonders to rebels and might as well turn tide of war to their favor , even though claiming that is premature atm . 
  ukraine however has a lot of lethal equipment and military industry that mostly meets it 's demands for this war , unlike with syrian rebels that mostly depend on taking over mass amount of saa 's lethal equipment ( which happens really often , for saa 's massive embarrassment ) . 
  you ca n't be serious , you support this war crime ? 
  your trying to justify this in some form is still sickening . 
  they need to lash out their frustration in some way . 
  none . 
  iran has no logistical capabilities to pull such a massive feat without being connected with land . 
  hell , very few countries do . 
   this my friends is called a route . 
  you mean a rout ? 
  if somehow usa allows iranian military in iraq , they would still need to go through isis first . 
  and i doubt iran can just easily beat isis without modern airforce . 
  if somehow usa allows iranian military in iraq , they would still need to go through isis first . 
  and i doubt iran can just easily beat isis without modern airforce . 
  i actually had `` meh '' reaction , since rebels had captured far more before . 
  is this real ? 
  because , how can you drive a car with that on windshield ? 
  iraq and afghanistan have problem to form a stable central national government out of anarchy caused by years of war . 
  ukraine does n't have that problem . 
  most of the country is still unified under stable central national government , while parts that are n't are seized by russia or russian proxies . 
  iraq and afghan simply ca n't be compared with ukraine situation . 
  there 's no retreat for those soldiers encircled , so might as well go forward and take over idlib . 
  rebels wo n't expect it !, 
  which is , well , insane , suicidal and heavily improbable to happen . 
  basically , that fb post is a shitty propaganda or assad leadership really went full stupid . 
  i 'd go with the former . 
  jesus , why the hell was that tank there ?!, 
  it was a massive open and easy target . 
  i 'm still amazed how wasteful saa is with it 's tanks and tank crews . 
  well they 're screwed if they do n't surrender . 
  their survival chances are much higher as rebel 's pow . 
  which is kinda messed up , since forbes in general is for corporations to have little to no restrictions in laws to easily rip off people . 
  but not this guy !, 
  really messed up . 
  i find this news unlikely , considering that massive retreating seen from earlier today . 
  also extremely unlikely saa could have just pulled counter-offensive in a matter of hours after a massive defeat and during night . 
  but so soon and during night ? 
  isis , assad 's best unintentional ally . 
  well obviously assad did n't secretly created isis nor is secretly working with isis .
