  it would take at least one more generation to get texas blue . 
   i 'd be more concerned if they ea pulled the 10 hour trial from access and origin . 
  they wo n't , that would kill confidence for origin access subscription program . 
  ea would be better off to show of 10 hours of mea even if it 's bad , then to cancel it in last minute . 
  no , but it 's quite insulting how they responded . 
  they could have said `` sorry for those who signed up and are disappointed , but things changed in development '' and would have been fine . 
  nope , they just gave out a generic `` thank you '' message which does n't make any sense . 
  who 's sarah ? 
  that 's sara . 
  yes , in fact you can play 10 hour trial only through origin access subscription . 
  pre-ordering is not only not necessary , but also does n't give you access to 10 hour trial . 
  it is because [ human hyperion arc marooned and came to andromeda many years , if not couple of decades , late . 
  i had played me3 co-op for over 325 hours , with 1085 matches played . 
  mostly played on silver , did played gold rather frequently in past ( mainly firebase white/geth/gold farm , i admit ) and i unlocked almost everything . 
  i have all characters fully unlock , majority of weapons unlocked and fully upgraded ( i 'm still missing 5 weapons ) , same for the weapon mods ( missing 1 mod ) and gear ( also missing 1 gear ) . 
  and i did n't even spend a dime on bioware points to unlock new stuff . 
  so you can unlock most if not all of the stuff if you dedicate yourself to the game and have free time . 
  then again i am in top 5 % / 42,531 st ranked in n7 score and in top 3 % / # 22,037 th ranked in challenges score . 
  so i 'm not like most people . 
  if you sadly ca n't play it in the end on laptop , at least you can play some games on origin access for a month . 
  so it would not be a complete loss . 
  no , you can subscribe for origin access and get 10 hour trial of me : a whenever you want . 
  offer up to 7th march is to sign up to get 7 days for free . 
  sadly you ca n't get me : a 10 hour trial for free through that , as obviously 7 days free expires on 14th march and 10 hour trial starts on 16th . 
  the 10 hour trial will also be up post-launch , most likely . 
  just like with battlefield one . 
  you know , i would completely understand if clinton wants to murder everyone after reading that headline . 
  because they are the original snowflakes . 
  yeah , final date for ea/origin access free week is 7th , so it will last up to 14th . 
  2 days before me : a 10 hour trial is out . 
  quite sucks , i had hoped to get trial version like that , but eh , i 'll still save money buy subscribing once my pay comes 10 days . 
  i 'm not american and i ca n't find this shit funny anymore . 
  and in 1:25 there is a text saying it was geth that found it heleus cluster first . 
  then quarians stole that data from them . 
  damn thieves !, 
  but geth probably had a plan to jump ship and flee milky way for another place . 
  afterall , entire galaxy considered them as enemies and they knew reapers were coming . 
  besides geth heretics , they realized they could n't trust reapers so their dyson sphere project was in jeopardy . 
  maybe geth had their own contingency plan to launch at least some of their units towards andromeda in case they were threatened with extinction . 
  which is what happened in me3 , when quarians managed to knock out geth and attacked them , forcing geth to ally with reapers . 
  before they allied with reapers , they could have first send a major expedition to escape to andromeda . 
  good idea , i should do the same . 
  only , probably , from 21st . 
  because me trying not to have more then 5 hours session for me : a would be hard enough . 
  it 's in codex and it was said by legion . 
  [ here is source at mass effect wiki ] ( http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/geth#creation ) . 
   the geth continued development of new technology and variations of mobile platforms , separating their technology base from the rest of the galaxy . 
  ** they obtained an ultimate goal in this time period : to create a dyson sphere-like object , which could house every single geth program . 
   people who want a job and job security, 
  no , people want to live in their fantasy . 
  you 're mistaking what they need from what they actually want . 
  there 's like 3 games that do much better then bioware on facial animations . 
  reality is , bioware is on par with everyone else on this department . 
  that 's a major advancement for them , considering they were behind on that department in previous games . 
  also it looks better in propaganda movies internationally . 
  hissss , logistics do n't count !, 
  ussr considered to invade hokkaido , but that 's the most realistic thing they could pull off with us and british naval support . 
  if there were the invasion of japanese mainland , us would have done most of the work as they planned to deploy and mobilize up to 4 million soldiers for invasion of japan . 
  that sort of amphibious invasion would have made operation overlord small in comparison . 
  and nothing like operation overlord had happened before and since , yet americans were ready to make something far bigger . 
  ussr would have really only made small part of invading lowly populated hokkaido island , mainly to help us to shrink their operations width significantly . 
  they did considered to put hirohito under war crimes tribunal , but due to cold war looming us wanted to keep japan happy post-war and let their religious figure walk scot-free from his crimes against humanity over korean , chinese , vietnamese and philippine people . 
  this is why many republicans consider liberals and other lefties to be un-american or flat out not american . 
  damn it , why 3 am ?!, 
  i have to sleep by that time . 
  founding fathers of us designed the constitution to be open to interpretation and be changed with times . 
  you could research on what every individual founding father said about constitution . 
  but that would require effort and challenge your beliefs , now would it ? 
  mac walters and few other devs stated numerous times that there will be character banter in nomad on twitter . 
  well thing is they did not expected for half of 21st century adult americans to have an intellect of a 5 year old that wo n't do things that if they 're not spelled out to them . 
  because i lost patience to argue with people like you months ago . 
  holy shit !, 
  i remember when i seen that apc ramming barricades on live streams , but i had no idea there were people on the barricade when it hit . 
   i imagine assange will get very sick in his embassy and be passed on to moscow as well . 
  impossible . 
  london police would arrest him the moment he steps out of that ~ ~ bolivian ~ ~ ecuadorian embassy . 
  hopefully i 'll can afford netflix some time this year and be able to watch the documentary . 
  eh , half of subtitles are missing as whoever uploaded it made sure to not get video removed automatically . 
  i 'll just wait til i can watch on netflix some day . 
  plus i kinda know most things that happened during euromaidan . 
  man , i was never since nor after been so active on reddit in january-february 2014 when euromaidan was at it 's peak . 
  kinda makes me nostalgic , in both good and bad way . 
  do they have pictures of atlano-mediterranean from this century ? 
  he needs a girlfriend first , obviously . 
  i 'm a fragile human , i know . 
  or maybe they just do n't want to admit they 're attracted to hispanics so they make up names for the iberian nations . 
  huh ... 
  i was not aware mexicans look that different from spanish . 
  also i 'd add this . 
  national socialists are economically left leaning centrist but socially extremely far-right . 
  fascist and nazis took good parts of socialism to appease the masses , only to twist it for their militaristic and expansionist agenda . 
  it was said it will probably take around 6 hours to complete all quests in 10 hour trial , but there 's still plenty of non-quest activities to do and things to discover to probably get you to 10 hours . 
  you can do new game still or play multiplayer for remaining hours . 
  it 's mainly because me marketing team is terrible . 
  me team should really get da marketing team instead as their marketing is superior in every way . 
  actually ea does releases free dlc 's , mainly for multiplayer though . 
  because they do n't care for civilians being slaughtered and privacy being invaded . 
  they know liberals care and want to divide them and/or turn them into apathetic voters . 
   i 've never understood when people get violent about politics, 
  violence and politics went hand to hand since ancient times .
