  joining eu ? 
  not really , besides getting some protection from russia . 
  since joining nato is almost impossible , unless nato is allowed to go super aggressive against russia and it 's interests . 
   made my skin crawl when in the movie ' 2012 ', 
  dude , you should feel bad just for watching that disaster of the movie . 
  every site that has `` freedom '' or `` liberty '' attached to it 's name is questionable . 
  hold on , got ta call hungary and tell them they have right to annex mongolia . 
  that 's got to be the luckiest and the greatest picture taken in entire crisis . 
   , they think the kiev gov is against them as rada canceled the russian language got them angry even if kiev returned russian language back as second official language, 
  actually that never happen , because intern president veto that bill . 
  and with russia invading crimea , no politician tried to bring it back . 
  so it never got put into practice . 
  badass dude . 
  they should let him in , just for a nice small morale boost to the troops . 
  well at least he talks from experience . 
  being white supremacists does n't mean you 're anti-semite , even though it is true most of the time white supremacists are anti-semite . 
  thing is , most of the parliament is still the same as before , but minister positions . 
  people tend to forget yanukovich 's party abandoned him and switched sides with opposition . 
  basically , new government is almost the same as old government but without allegiance to ex-president . 
  so them abandoning their government positions , without new elections that they 're planning to do this year , is an unreasonable and unrealistic demand . 
  guy was being an immature dick . 
  not really brave either , as it happen in berlin . 
  nobody would have assaulted him , like he would have been if acted like that in eastern ukraine or crimea . 
  and even if he did got assaulted , german police would have come asap to save his ass and arrest the assaulter without real fuss . 
  no matter how great simon is , even he is guilty of occasional sensationalism . 
  they 're only on public square . 
  which is , well , not government building !, 
  so utterly irrelevant to geneva convection deal . 
  `` how civilized a civilization is '' and `` what 's civilized or not '' are a an outdated 19th century concept based on european nations racism and supremacy . 
  well they would have collaborated with mass murderer yanukovich , if they stayed on his side . 
  so yeah , their choices were to resign or switch side . 
  most stayed , few fled like yanukovich . 
  very true . 
  to be fair , making italy a.i. 
  be retard on purpose would be a bad game design . 
  one of emperor 's long distance family members tried to assassinate me , so i had fully justification to wipe out his entire dynasty . 
  not really . 
  if they resigned ( which none choose to do , curiously ) , it means they 're not collaborating with mass murderer so free from prosecution over that . 
   all illegally occupied streets , squares and other public places in ukrainian cities and towns must be vacated . 
  oh , how did i missed that part ? 
  my mistake . 
  though , nobody is talking about clearing up maidan from public square and streets , but from government buildings . 
  yeah , fuck those white supremacists cunts and ultranationalists assholes . 
  anti-semite or not , they 're still terrible people in both cases . 
  elaborate . 
  yeah , in that context it would be correct . 
  and croatia too , do n't forget !, 
  goddamn anarchists !, 
  `` the uploader has not made this video available in your country . '', 
  you can do that ?!, 
  and why would you do that ? 
  is that still a thing ? 
  dunno , his parents were italians that immigrated to argentina . 
  thanks mate . 
  but then i would have got message `` this copyright claimer has disabled this video in your country '' , not that uploader blocked it . 
  that 's a new one for me . 
  everyone considers crimea is * de facto * part of russia . 
  oh croatia still finds unexploded ww2 bomb like every once in 1-3 years . 
  at least the usa has n't committed systematic mass ethnic cleansing and a genocide . 
  11,000 is a very questionable number . 
  pu\u0161io je marihuanu !, 
  got some new friends while traveling ? 
  does map shows only castles that people still live in it ? 
  i doubt it , cause i 'm sure as hell that so many british castles still have people living it it . 
  yeah , i know . 
  croatia has quite a lot of castles and fortifications . 
  i 'm merely wondering what are the list 's standards to leave out so many castles . 
  or it 's just very much incomplete . 
  why is slovenia left out from yugoslavia ? 
  really ? 
  do tell more . 
  and seriously , it 's annoying . 
  christian easter was formed before the damn england and english language existed . 
  i 'm sorry , but i hate your username . 
  god i hate those scenes in got . 
  i tried that , actually . 
  it failed fantastically . 
  maybe i should n't do it with someone who is bored by history , next time . 
  i do n't want to remember that embarrassment . 
  it really killed the mood . 
  so putin should be prosecuted for invading a sovereign nation without provocation . 
   so why is this a big deal ? 
  when you fire someone , you should give a reason . 
  especially for a director of any company . 
  who cares , croatia has better food then italy . 
   thanks enemy at the gates . 
  still , that was the greatest scene ever made in war movie and later video game . 
   cold war never ended , otherwise this would not have happened, 
  no , it sure as hell did ended . 
  russia ca n't do next cold war for a long while , unless it turns full north korea . 
  but even then it would be a total joke and only saving it from being destroyed are it 's nukes . 
  thing is , putin would n't give a shit even if russia got hit by a economic depression and hyperinflation . 
  as well , nato at some point considered to even let russia join it . 
  because guy 's creations are ukraine 's huge pride . 
  you ca n't just diss the guy like that . 
  this is where similarity starts and end . 
  yugoslav wars were entirely different from current ukraine crisis . 
  any comparison made by media and government officials is done out of ignorance , sensationalism or propaganda . 
   at the time croatia declared independence and held elections , a right wing party won ( which had quite a few extremists in its ranks ), 
  while technically croatian conservative party is right wing , however you make it sound like it 's something like svoboda party .
