  no contest with that bizzareness . 
  i nominate [ smileyman 's rebuttal ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/comments/1nqrl0/carl_sagan_the_library_of_alexandria_and_the/ ) of sagan 's claims that burning of library of alexandria set humanity 's advances back . 
  it is the most informative i could think off . 
  ok , that get 's my vote too . 
  bravo . 
  well they never did claimed someone else 's land . 
  they instead claim their own land that someone else is residing on . 
  you made the right call . 
  but , do n't communists hate putin ? 
  does that mean after this bombing , we 'll have another bolshevik revolution ? 
   6 hitler and mussolini were not `` bffs '' . 
  their relationship was extraordinarily strained as mussolini rejected some of the major foundational ideas of nazism , namely that of racial superiority , eugenics , and a worldwide jewish conspiracy . 
  he publicly denounced these ideas and hitler as leader . 
  furthermore , during the war he would not cooperate with the eugenic based programs . 
  if only his little croony paveli\u0107 was more like him then hitler . 
  this two are suspiciously too friendly again , for my independence . 
   meh it 's just croatian with different names and new letters someone invented and wacky words . 
  ftfy, 
  we should just call it differently and it would remove most controversy . 
  silly bosnia . 
  thinking we were annexed by austria in 1102 . 
  instead of actually being part of the personal union with hungary . 
  yes , but we wo n't share it with you !, 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!, 
   cruxifiction is still a form of execution there, 
  wait , what the fuck ? 
   harking back to centuries-old religious conflict between the majority roman catholic croats and the christian orthodox serbs, 
  well i could n't think of the better title , so i went with / r/polandball inspiration . 
  what the ... 
  i got untrusted connection warning on my browser , when trying to click the link . 
  lmao !, 
  whole subreddit created just for that . 
  oh boy , i wonder will it actually continue to last . 
  honestly , i did n't heard of that guy before . 
   so wait , what the hell are they actually suing him for ? 
  defaming the people of croatia ? 
  [ on bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25195335 ) : `` us singer and song writer bob dylan has been placed under judicial investigation in france for allegedly provoking ethnic hatred of croats . '', 
  yeah , i 'm from croatia . 
  and i checked wikipedia on him once you replied and realized what giant the guy is . 
  gon na edit op due to that . 
  that does n't make any sense , since state of slovenes croats and serbs did n't involve kingdom of serbia at all . 
  in fact , if it was n't for italy wanting to take territory from state shs ( that was promised by the allies if they join their side ) , we 'd have republic of yugoslavia without serbia ( as only serbs in state shs were large minorities in croatia and bosnia ) . 
  also i remember stumbling upon information that before austria-hungary was formed , there was a suggested idea to have austria-hungary-yugoslavia . 
  as it was suggested by some , roll drums , croatian politicians . 
  though idea was n't adopted , along with austria-hungary-croatia . 
  however i 'm having trouble to find a source of that proposed idea , so i ca n't really prove it . 
  well his wording there is pretty darn stupid . 
  he 's basically saying all croats are like usta\u0161e . 
  it would be as if he written `` jews can sense german blood '' instead . 
  not my point . 
  my point is first pan-nationalist south slavic state was created first without any influence from serbs in serbia . 
  while yes , it was short lived , it was still created by slovenes , croats and serbs in which croats were a majority and most powerful . 
  that 's my point , while you argued it was a serbian idea without croatian consent , while implying without consent of slovenes either . 
  true , they had it easy . 
  and it 's correct that both monarchy and socialist federation fallen apart were due to serbian ethnic and nationalist supremacy . 
  however , all i 'm saying is pan-nationalist idea of south slavs was very deep among croatian political circles . 
  they just abandon it after few years of kingdom of yugoslavia and seen it 's giant failures . 
  they still lied . 
  i missed that part they did bandage him up . 
  i think i need some sleep now . 
  ai n't massive improvement of medication that did that ? 
  well they both hate the english , so it 's an easy mistake to make . 
  except when alliance confiscated it , it started t obe their ship . 
  plus they had retrofit it with their own equipment and technology . 
  so even if ship belongs to shepard or his/hers crew ( which they stole from terrorist organization anyway , so argument that it 's shepard 's ship becomes pretty darn weak ) , they would n't be allowed to take alliance equipment and technology without their say so . 
  basically , ship would needed to be stropped and made useless , until shepard 's crew buy their own equipment . 
  so that can happen or be hunted down by system alliance and even other citadel council governments , for stealing alliance property . 
  * watermark sighted *, 
   the pompous music, 
  it was edited in video . 
  actual game music is great and fitting . 
  goddamn it bolivia . 
  now i need to clean that glue off bosnia . 
  again !, 
  call of duty united offensive, 
  mass effect 2, 
  medieval 2 total war, 
  you can always edit in country cores and cultures with making mongol khanate unstable . 
  basically , watch as mongols collapse while playing as another country . 
  imam par opcija . 
  now that 's a total war !, 
  it better be a small medal . 
  cause the current one you have covers part of your posts , which annoys me a lot . 
  so , japan got -2 stability when declaring war to us ? 
   knights templar drug cartel, 
  now that explains why the templars have more money then the assassin 's . 
  fuck , that goddamn movie . 
  giant mindfuck of the plot and dull as shit , yet found myself watching it twice from start to finish . 
  damn it !, 
  i missed some nice smackdown , due to guys posts being deleted . 
  now it just looks like you 're arguing with the air . 
  not only being invaded by dirty infidels , but also being attacked by every single disease in existence ? 
  damn , that terrible luck . 
  if you need to ask did ww3 begun few years ago and still ongoing , then you 're either living under a rock for years or ww3 did n't happen . 
  i 'm very safe to say ww3 did n't start nor any major warning sights it will start , so far . 
  \u010cek , to je zakon ? 
  index black . 
  ... til ? 
  problem je u imenu . 
  yeah , cause that attitude is seen backwards and primitive to western world .
