  oh and everything he did in syria was a complete and utter failure . 
  and so was hillary and she was a very liked when she was a senator . 
   she was a shitty debater . 
  no , she was a good debater . 
  it 's just that people demand a buzzword populist shitshow , not a debate . 
  chelsea has no political experience . 
  michele obama would sooner run for president in 2020 then her . 
  only thing chelsea might do in 2020 is to run for congress office , not for presidency . 
  it was so simple !, 
   mattis for coup leader . 
  mattis is an inept partisan hack , just like mccain . 
  worship he still get 's makes my head spin . 
  except for the fact military coups cause secret police to prop up that makes 10 's if not 100 's of thousands of people to `` disappear '' . 
  also , jesus christ , people oppose trump because they do n't want a dictatorship !, 
  you do n't fight potential dictatorship by implementing a dictatorship !, 
  not the poster you 're replying to , but yes . 
  trump voters had every reason to see that trump is grossly unfit to be an elected official , let alone a president . 
  yet they voted for him still , just because of tribal politics . 
  trump voters are fucking crazy . 
  saudis do n't arm isis , let 's not go conspiratorial . 
  except they did in every damn instance in recent history . 
   is about as likely as me winning the lottery while getting struck by lightning and ** getting a handjob from the tooth fairy ** . 
  that 's oddly specific . 
  yeah , but bridgegate did n't become a scandal until after elections were done . 
  it was then discovered bridge lanes were closed due to petty political reasons . 
  while china is doing amazing work in geopolitics , i doubt they are controlling putin . 
  if anything , they are manipulating putin into accelerating his plans as well overplaying his cards . 
  putin is a narcissistic egomaniac with desires to be white tsar of russia , afterall . 
  eh , china hates north korea . 
  they 'd have let south korea to annex north , as long as they seize being us and japanese allies . 
  do n't worry , fsb will call assange soon and he 'll retract that statement . 
  free market capitalism , bitch !, 
  yeah , bannon is doing his own evil thing . 
  i love how neo-nazis bring up german imperial flag , even though nazis and hitler hated the imperial germany and former kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  as well wilhelm ii hated nazis and hitler a lot . 
  there would be no deadly terror attacks in the uk if catholics did n't live there . 
  some senior bioware devs even wanted to make vetra straight , but her writer had to fight for long time to keep her bisexual . 
  in fact she was meant to be bisexual too , but bioware cut that late in development and made her lesbian . 
  he loved the territory it controlled and prussian military culture , but despised the monarchy and tolerance of non-germans in germany . 
  nope , you 'll have to find a bar with wi-fi to watch online stream instead . 
  i hope you have a laptop or tablet too . 
  gwb and nixon completely lost republican party support when they reached that low approval rates . 
  well so far , only his son eric and donald jr. tweeted stuff . 
  donald himself did n't . 
  so if polls are right , labour made a comeback to scotland . 
  i thought labour alienated scottish voters , what changed for them to take a big chunk of snp seats ? 
  ehm , not exactly knowledgable with that acronym . 
  or , is that how you call it ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  that makes sense , thanks . 
  because torries are losing seats overall , while labour gain is just little larger then what snp lost . 
  so that 's where i get my idea . 
  but ofcourse , i can be very likely wrong . 
  it will be interesting night , ofcourse . 
  oh indeed , snp is in shit position now . 
  they have to drop independence referendum now , focus on increasing autonomy and wait for better opportunity for independence . 
  yougov has to have been giggling whole night . 
   the liberal democrats just got 2 % of the seats with 7.3 % of the vote which is n't great, 
  which is a hilarious irony because in last elections they very heavily overrepresented with low popular vote . 
  yougov had two different opinion polls . 
  one that weighted in young voters voting in droves , other did not . 
  other one predicted narrow tory majority victory . 
  turned out , young voters voted in droves . 
  i 'm hoping uk 's elections will inspire young voters to go out and vote . 
  i goddamn knew this will happen !, 
  guy just ca n't help himself but not have a meltdown . 
  ah , so it 's captured by red army ? 
  or were clothing shortages so bad in germany they needed to use captured soviet uniforms ? 
  titanfall-destiny hybrid with bioware romances here it comes !, 
  why are you sad ? 
  i disagree it a name sounds better , but i do agree that what it implies does . 
  a game focused on playing as a merc/hired gun is not something we see often , especially from rpg 's . 
  uh , you have both with bioware . 
  me3 , dai and me : a have offline story focused singleplayer , along with co-op based multiplayer . 
  nope , they only posted a tweet when he attacked mayor of london during terrorist attack . 
  uh , game was delayed only once . 
  what most likely happened was person who created official twitter account written description with outdated release date . 
  i severely doubt game was originally meant to be released this year . 
  i do n't get that subreddit . 
  either they hate me : a or they are massive fanboys of that game . 
  it 's like bsn , only somehow even worse . 
  well me : a is n't part of the me trilogy series . 
  it never was meant to be and bioware devs kept hammering that point for years . 
  it is a different series set in same universe . 
  andromeda is not a terrible game , do n't be ridiculous . 
  and now bioware montreal is a c-team ? 
  since when were they downgraded from b-team ? 
  oh you 're just dishonestly exaggerating ? 
  you ca n't trust a scripted tech demo either . 
  that was a big red flag for me , but first i thought it was terrible dialogue writing . 
  but when a player picked up that rng loot and was hoping for a good weapon and then said she wanted that , i finally realized it 's co-op . 
  who the fuck wants bloomberg and zuckerberg to run for office ?!, 
  bloomberg was never liked as mayor of new york , he was just better then rudy giuliani until good alternative came . 
  and zuckerberg would be the person that would destroy already tainted image of neoliberalism in public eye . 
  that guy is a psycho who cares nothing for people who are n't his family and would just push for typical republican policies of tax cuts for the rich and deregulations . 
  oh and same thing for bloomberg on that part . 
  jesus , that would be the worst combo for neoliberals to push for if they want to fix they image to public . 
  i doubt it , bioware had only once allowed open beta with me3 co-op . 
  since then , only open beta allowed in ea games was through pre-ordering .
