  only speaks of what quality is asian football federation !, 
  fuck that guy !, 
  croatia would have trashed brazil , if not for him !, 
  it only means two things now . 
  croatia needs to trash cameron and mexico . 
  not bringing race , but just afc . 
  afc is a bigger joke then ~ ~ concaf ~ ~ concacaf and this supposed best referee of that confederation only shows how big of farce afc is . 
  woops , typed too fast . 
  i meant concacaf . 
  i do n't even want for brazil to get to finals . 
  i want for netherlands , spain or chile to trash brazil in eight finals, 
  two of their best players did n't even come to brazil , due to striking . 
  croatia is far from the underdog , though . 
  oh i 'm sure you can take on czechs and turks !, 
  you do n't stand a chance against the dutch , though . 
  hey , i know for who to root for in that game . 
  we are angry at fifa by default , when that shit happens . 
  because only evil imperialist amerikkka spies on it 's people !, 
  nothing but kiev junta propaganda !, 
  i 'm bad at french revolution history , but even i could recognize french uniforms were fully wrong . 
  thanks empire and napoleon total war , i think . 
  hahahahahahaha , fuck you neymar !, 
  in front of hitler , examining that efficient weapon . 
  and obama needs to finish off never captured saddam 's deputy , it seems . 
  i say , chile 4:1 australia , netherlands 7:1 australia , spain 0:3 australia . 
  his country is the tiniest country on planet . 
  it 's in middle of a city of another country . 
  he can hardly do anything as a leader of a country who is n't even a full member of the un . 
  and he 's talking about the issues here to 1,1 billion catholics . 
  thing is , that does n't mean everyone will listen or do something or do something properly and effective . 
  as well , many catholics and the pope do have disagreements on social things ( gay marriage and adoption for example ) , so he 's followers wo n't exactly following him 100 % of time . 
  this is best he can do , to talk about the issues to everyone on world stage . 
  hey , at least you played really well . 
  you shown you know to play football . 
  you played better then cameron and spain , anyway . 
  that would be something to see . 
   no one will remember this in a year , let alone ten ,, 
  croatia will , until we demolish brazil in next game we play . 
  man i hope for a friendly match right after world cup with brazil . 
  no bribes , no shitty referees , no rioters ready to burn down the city and with complete stadium . 
  just croatia to properly demolish brazil that time . 
  says a country that did n't had socks as standard for their entire army until recently . 
  netherlands demolishing spain despite cheating referees , makes me think it will win the world cup . 
  ... great , croatia now needs to do miracle and be on top of a group . 
  i do n't want for croatia to meet netherlands right after group . 
  we 'd love to , if referees would stop ruining it . 
  from laughter , i presume ? 
  and awful godawful showing with mexico , so for cameron . 
  somewhere out there , there are some rich bastards now . 
   this world cup could not have got off to a more exciting start . 
  well , croatia beating brazil 2:1 would have made it better . 
  * shakes fists against referee *, 
  our red and blue are lighter , though . 
  you make spanish proud . 
  that 's a religion . 
  altair is syrian . 
  whatever cheers you up . 
  pa to je njegovo normalno lice . 
  just like irish and scottish fans , they deserve a way better team to cheer for . 
  they 're steering up trouble in bosnia and last thing everyone in ex-yugoslav republics wants those cunts getting seriously powerful . 
  croatia won 3rd place in 1998 . 
  i think putin is knocking on your door , right now . 
  they 're still mourning their loss . 
  you have no idea how horrible croatian newspapers are . 
  nah , that 's only gon na be the case if bosnia wins 3rd place . 
  - croatian journalists, 
  - ethical standards, 
  pick one . 
  what an unlucky own goal !, 
  bosnia deserved a draw with argentine . 
  but no matter , this bosnia can crush iran and nigeria !, 
  sucks it was n't a draw , but congrats bosnia on making argentine sweat and even scoring a goal !, 
  time to pummel nigeria and iran !, 
  yeah , i felt whole match bosnian strikers were too intimidated to risk an offensive and just did overcomplicated passes and moves . 
  a shame he wo n't play , but hey now i know croatia can easily pummel cameron 5:0 . 
  if only he could drop that wacky cult , he 'd have my support . 
  if bosnia did n't scored own goal , it would have had a draw against argentine instead of losing . 
  at least bosnians can say they scored more goals then argentine . 
  this is why i only lurk in this subreddit . 
  i do n't get false hype . 
  and love this season finale !, 
  outdated a bit . 
  some of those were fixed . 
  is this just me or this game is booooooooooooooooooooooooooring ? 
  sadly no . 
  i 'm sure someone else will link it soon . 
  jesus , what 's wrong with him ?!, 
  and how does he manages to play for big clubs ? 
  confirmed , argentine and bosnia will just demolish both of this losers . 
  i still have my money on ecuador and switzerland passing that group . 
  barely qualified against another one-man team sweden . 
  i fully expect argentine and bosnia demolishing this two . 
  we 'll see about that very soon . 
  come on usa !, 
  justify your position on being top of concacaf . 
  otherwise , costa rica will need to talk to you for next 4 years . 
  nope , but it 's the 5th fastest in entire history . 
  not too shabby . 
  it looked like ghana 's players taken tips from rooney on how to shoot . 
  rude .
