   and vagina, 
  palin, 
  true , but this time it 's in like same package . 
  they 're both like `` wtf are we doing here ?!, 
  there is no way to deescalate unless ukraine capitulates or rebels surrender . 
  there is no possibility of middle ground . 
  so , putin may have given up on getting eastern ukraine . 
  probably because rebels hold only handful of towns in donetsk region as ukraine military succeed in rebellion not to spread . 
  so in putin eyes , that it 's likely a giant failure as rebels ca n't advance without russian military intervention anymore . 
   number of americans who died in reagan 's america : approximately 16 million . 
  wait , what , how ? 
  but they 're just concerned citizens with genuine grievances !, 
  jesus , this is pathetic . 
  title is longer then the text . 
  copyright disclaimer is freaking longer then both combined together . 
  yeah , but why that many ? 
  maybe he 's also just fearing russia would be disqualified from fifa world cup . 
  that would piss off russians . 
  he 's too drunk to aim properly . 
  russians are big on football , they just suck at it . 
  they make it up football hooliganism , though . 
  also they 'll be hosting next world cup in 2018 . 
  if russia goes into war and get 's stuck in it , fifa will have to cancel their hosting right . 
  and spending on developing for hosting world cup makes sochi winter olympics spending like it 's nothing . 
  no way putin would screw up this fortune project . 
  putin and his gang will get fucking rich , so they do n't give a shit . 
  also it 's 4 years difference , so that 's not even half of decade difference . 
  putin is responsible for whole escalation and he 's not doing anything to de-escelate . 
   and not only that , all of the problems of this world , other countries , and their domestic and their religious and their government problems and their battles between each other and all of that , can be really solved by following our constitution . 
  now that truly belongs to / r/shitamericanssay, 
  and did n't she lost the war ? 
  yeah , you kinda do n't stop speaking foreign language by losing a war catastrophically . 
  basically , she ai n't one to thank for uk not speaking latin . 
  [ then why is this here ] ( https://twitter.com/ukraineconflict/status/464693363094999040/photo/1 ) ? 
  so not much of leaving , as in temporary retreat or army rotation . 
  well , normans are responsible for british not speaking german and instead forming english . 
  well in my defense , i was half-joking . 
  they asked for war , they got war and this are the consequences . 
  blood is on hands of insurgents , not ukraine army . 
  army would n't be there if insurgents were n't there . 
  they 're hiding behind status of `` civilian '' by aiding the insurgents and blocking military progress to battle insurgents . 
  so military shooting at them should be expected . 
  euromaidan are n't insurgents , but protestors that yanikovich 's berkut attacked first to dismantle initial peaceful protests that eventuality escalated into violent revolution that ousted him out of country and dissolved berkut . 
  and current government is the same old government just with changed ministers and with new temporary president that has no plans to run for presidential elections this month . 
  hitler worshiped thor !, 
  that means it 's all norse 's fault !, 
  vodka polish invention anyway !, 
  down with homosex propaganda !, 
  you 're late . 
  it would be better if you were argentina . 
  for argentinians , falklands is mainland . 
  it 's russians that are truly oppressed here !, 
  if / r/russia thinks it 's fake , then you utterly fail at lying . 
  seems too far fetched , but not impossible . 
  qatar already become that and even into a mass murder out of negligence . 
  yet fifa does n't give two fucks . 
  more like bribe people who can do complete their part of work . 
  my guess is he was educated by a muslim as a child and when got to real israel he decided to expel all the jews . 
  ajme sramote !, 
  ukraine !, 
  o titu . 
  and then they reddit tried again with trayvon martin shooting case . 
  admins were damn so fast to kill that subreddit . 
  but the trial against zimmerman did n't started until after . 
  oh well golly geez , i wonder why ukraine government is near collapse ? 
  maybe it has something to do with crimea being invaded by russia and russia supporting insurgency ? 
  nah , it must be because of something something right sector business cards . 
  they 're inefficient idiots , that 's why . 
  ukraine does n't have chemical weapons !, 
  in that case , hitler himself came from argentina and brought chemical weapons to kiev junta . 
   yes , they both took actions that resulted in huge numbers of deaths , but hitler has no positive legacy at all . 
  not true , we got good comedies out of him !, 
  they wanted to compile evidence over the case , but did n't last long . 
  hell i did n't even knew sub existed until after it was closed by admins . 
  you missed that part `` russia brought up , audience boos '' . 
  overwhelming majority of russian population supports `` gay propaganda '' laws that putin enacted . 
  so it 's hardly generalization but a sad truth . 
  and i love how op picked croatia there , [ among all european countries with such glorious train system ] ( https://twitter.com/zeljk2o/status/457035617978023937 ) . 
  as it should !, 
  we like our checker coat of arms . 
  what annoying me the most is that there 's no such thing as the height of evolution . 
  evolution ai n't some straight line that has some sort of end . 
  boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!, 
  that croatia alone stopped ottoman invasion into christian europe . 
  except for the fact there were more hungarians , austrians and poles that were on front lines . 
  and it was austrians that gave us all the arms to fight ottomans , under austrian banner too . 
  ... yeah ... 
  not even bible talks about jews building pyramids . 
  so where are they getting this from ? 
  few people getting killed is better then millions living under dpr 's oppressive regime . 
  voting is illegal , not recognized by anyone , has no option for autonomy , even if it did ukraine government would recognize is still and dpr shown many times they would make sure they win referendum . 
  so no , this referendum is not in people 's interest . 
  sramota !, 
  velike sramota !, 
  if there was some government conspiracy , you 'd think they would have drugged or brainwashed the killer to actually kill kids at random in their school . 
  seriously , they believe illuminati or something would exterminate 90 % of human population . 
  so why the hell would they do overcomplicated shit if they already do n't give two shits for human life ? 
  and it 's way more effective . 
  nope , everything is fake !, 
  and all 4 were closed prematurely , due to fear of ukraine army attack .
