  except germans in ww2 were fighting even stronger as soviets were pushing deeper in germany , causing even more losses to soviets . 
  terror bombings of civilians does n't accomplish anything , it 's an utterly useless ( or worse then useless in many cases ) and wasteful strategy that is also morally bankrupt . 
  i 'm surprised nobody blamed israel yet . 
  yeah , we should totally use a strategy of a losing party of the war . 
  once more , russia lost it 's another chance to gain a foothold on balkan coastline . 
  yeah , on pc get fifa over pes . 
   fifa is much more arcadey . 
  that is just outright false for many years . 
  my impression exactly . 
  it 's been many years since fifa went from arcady to more realistic approach to their game . 
  people who keep hammering fifa is arcady even today just makes it clear they did n't even tried any fifa game for many years . 
  dominating the market is not same as monopolizing it . 
  it 's because sdf still consider itself part of fsa . 
  fighting every rebel group just to remove nusra is not a good idea strategically in long term . 
  truth it , they need to win over most of the fsa rebel groups on their side in northern aleppo if they ever hope to hold that territory without heavy kurdish support and to be a real opposition against assad . 
  so ceasefire can potentially be a better option as sdf can prove it 's might against isis close to raqqa , so rest of fsa would have a lot of reasons to consider to join sdf over nusra . 
  for both points ? 
  because it would n't help his argument that saa is an only choice , if there 's no real western backed force on ground ( news flash , there is ! ) . 
  and while i 'm at it , i 'll give an explanation for what most likely western powers consider a moderate rebel . 
  not much aimed at you , but at general mocking responses people given to you . 
  moderate rebels does not mean moderate for western domestic politics standards , but for being for installing democracy in syria and oppose dictatorship ( assad ) or something similar to it ( emirate with nusra ) . 
  and in a democracy , you will have political radicals as well religious zealots even in secular countries . 
  so no , majority of moderate rebels are not a secular and are not ideologically moderate . 
  but their ultimate objective is to install a proper democratic government for all time in syria . 
  this is what western powers want the least , hence they are supported and called moderates as their opposition are an oppressive dictator who 's downright a fascist and jihadists who want their own emirate or caliphate . 
  best solution would be get rid of nusra , side with sdf and ypg , push isis out of northern aleppo together . 
  that 's all they need to do and it should n't be that hard , as nusra ca n't fight against all rebels at once , especially when western coalition will have no more problems to bomb them . 
  are people still at this day that naive to think that developers are so pure and innocent that only their publisher can make such terrible anti-consumer business practices ? 
  it would also help if it was much closer to game release , instead of 6 months apart . 
  no , i am still refusing to let go of that fact !, 
  ... turkey is near mosul ? 
  cute . 
  i do n't get him . 
  guy lives in usa , he 's an ethnic moldavian , self-proclaimed serb national , posts a lot of serb ultrantionalist crap and history revisionism yet is a highly educated and clearly pretty damn smart . 
  he 's the most confusing person i have ever encounter . 
  i do n't think so . 
  he 's doing it for too long and with too much passion . 
  too much dedication for a troll . 
   he 's a major religious nut, 
  good but annoying nut or just pretty bad nut ? 
  hopefully fsa will do a much bigger offensive against isis there soon . 
  not unless nato planes come first to bomb isis . 
   western elites armed isis, 
  isis got most of their arms from taking massive stockpiles from absolute joke of a so called syrian arab army and then later from their shocking advance into iraq and got another stockpile from taking it from iraqi army . 
  the west had never armed isis . 
  any sort of western arms isis has had be taken , not given . 
  for good reasons , assad and isis are both just as bad . 
  because mass murdering dictator is a good person as long as he 's a secular on paper and anti-western imperialist !, 
  let 's willfully ignore the fact that assad caused the instability in first place by killing peaceful protesters , helped isis and al-qaeda to grow in syria to attack us occupied iraq , killed more civilians then any other faction combined and many more war crimes and crimes against humanity as well many more ways he indirectly aided isis 's growth due to his idiocy . 
  no , let 's not help the oppressive dictator that is the cause of this entire damn war . 
   assad is also the most effective group in combating isis, 
  what a fucking joke . 
  until russian airforce joined in , isis was demolishing saa on all but one front . 
  and even then it was only after kurds and iraqis with us airforce had caused severe losses to isis in manpower , territory and logistics . 
  and also you have to note until russia also actually intervened , assad was primary ignoring isis . 
  hell even sometimes directly aiding them . 
  when isis was on offensives against fsa in northern aleppo when syrian airforce bombed rebels during isis offensives yet isis was ignored . 
  and i wo n't even bother with rest of your revisionist garbage . 
  ah so that completely justifies him sending in army to mass murder peaceful protesters who just wanted proper democracy and reforms . 
  clearly assad is a misunderstood hero !, 
  are you that morally bankrupt to even say such statement ? 
  it could be possible they mistaken some higher ranking officer with a general or exaggerated his rank for propaganda effect . 
  either way , it is still possible they killed russian soldiers . 
  over 16,000 bombs from us alone had been dropped on isis territory , which had severely crippled isis as kurds went from complete annihilation in kobane city to joining both kobane and czire cantons and now helping sdf to get closer and closer to raqqa city . 
  western coalition was doing fuck ton of work in this whole year in fight against isis at the expense of neglecting rebel 's fight against assad . 
  they were heroic enough to die where they stand instead of fleeing i guess . 
   did croatia discover the creation of the universe or something ? 
  yes , yes we did . 
  turns out god is a croat . 
  who knew ? 
  why is that car angry ? 
  i 'm sure jordan and the moc want to make sure southern rebels do n't go for suicidal offensives and instead to focus on other objectives in region . 
  southern rebels did n't lose anything significant in past year and gained a lot around the region . 
  so it 's clear rebels there did n't lose foreign support , but are instead denied to attack heavily fortified daraa city . 
  at least not for a while . 
  no , it does n't . 
  they were . 
  i think us gave up on keeping turkey happy . 
  especially now that erdogan dig his own hole after shooting down russian bomber . 
  erdogan now ca n't threaten nato with anything , now that turkey absolutely needs nato at all costs . 
  i.e. , great news for kurds as now western powers have no reason to back down to aid them . 
  do n't mix putin 's interests with russia 's interest . 
  they wo n't . 
  i do n't think russians can use the shortest route to syria . 
  they have defected to isis at the worst possible time . 
  why the hell would you do that ? 
  nobody is . 
  assad would never agree on any compromise anyway . 
  well , that only makes their timing worse . 
   he would compromise about some things, 
  what things ? 
  there can be no free elections with assad in power . 
  assad will never allow those . 
  and yet all this countries are have terrible economy . 
  almost as if having less debt then anyone else means nothing by itself . 
  thanks stalin for making sure communists never work with socialists !, 
  libya is far better off then syria is . 
  to be fair , he should be there instead of jeb bush . 
  or better yet both removed and ignored . 
  it 's clear this will be trump , cruz and carson race at this rate , with maaaaybe rubio .
