  at least he keeps his promises !, 
  not powerful enough , but insane enough is . 
  but also a complete coward and too lazy to do it , even if he could . 
  she will not even run for any other goverment office . 
  she is done with this and we only do political activism do aid democrats like bill is from now on . 
  for a moment i thought i was in hoi4 subreddit . 
  here in croatia you will also occasionally see some people with confederate flags . 
  as it is a common alternative to banned nazi and usta\u0161e flag . 
  also i 'd like to add that nobody was put on trial for intentional terror bombing of civilian targets . 
  yes , that includes germans too who started the whole terror bombing from day one with poland . 
  only crimes people got charged with post-ww2 were holocaust related , civilian slave labour and conspiracy of invading sovereign countries . 
  hell , not even executing pow 's and putting them under slave labour was ever put up under consideration . 
  yeah , falls under `` conspiracy of invading sovereign countries '' category i mentioned . 
  they attacked us without provocation ( no , trade embargo does n't count as provocation when you 're invading another country like japan did with china ) and without declaration of war . 
  even if not that , i 'd like to play as member of volkssturm . 
  only really sympathetic part of german army in ww2 . 
  oh and there was so much great honour in sending young men to be suicide bombers . 
  as well training civilians with bamboo sticks to attack americans . 
  so much honour . 
  cod2 had beach landing , however at point du hoc , instead of at omaha beach . 
  oh right , waffen ss is only one put on trial for those crimes , as they were directly part of nazi party . 
  even then , kurt managed to get off easy . 
  cod franchise was never known for historical accuracy . 
  well , you see , gaming press is awful . 
  both mainstream and , especially , independent gaming press . 
  i just realized i was rude . 
  there are exceptions of some good quality in gaming press , ofcourse . 
  for me , it 's not that them focusing on americans bothers me , but it is that they are not putting their games on less known campaigns . 
  like north african campaign , where american army got first taste in battle . 
  or invasion of sicily and later naples , as a prelude to what americans will do in normandy . 
  how about operation dragoon , a smaller scale operation overlord in southern france . 
  allied forces fighting in western germany . 
  hell , maybe go alternative history , with operation downfall . 
  a planned invasion of japanese mainland . 
  that would be hugely brutal . 
  fox news truly needs to be die . 
  yeah , but on the british side . 
  american side went through different situations in north africa . 
  you know , place with king 's landing . 
  continental part , in slavonia region which is eastern croatia . 
  now that part of country 's history is truly tragic . 
  as well it 's present , and future ai n't looking much better either . 
  first judge to block trump 's eo was appointed by gwb . 
  in other words , game will be far worse disaster then no man sky was when it is out . 
  he is right though . 
  that is a very offensive slur for poles . 
  101 on how to insult 3 nations in single sentence . 
  you mean game that was never released on pc ? 
  well , subreddit is about pc gaming ? 
  and there 's plenty of people who never played on consoles for one reason or another . 
  they were demoted into us territories by that point . 
  like puerto rico is today , for example . 
  just to clarify . 
  puerto rico was never demoted to us territories , as it was never a us state in first place . 
  just used as example to how confederate states were demoted to same position before readmitted to the union . 
  you 're fired . 
  that is a myth . 
  also german army used more horses then poles did in outbreak of ww2 . 
  it was an exception then rule , as us got an entire male generation depopulated by civil war . 
  us really recovered only by 1930 's . 
  it also started century long civil war in japan because emparor had no land to give to samurai who fought against what few mongol troops landed in japan . 
  so daimyo 's revolted against the emparor , but mainly fought one another . 
  that heavily fortified city is called dubrovnik/ragusa . 
  while i 'm glad we do n't see it , i am surprised we do n't see croatian wehraboos at all . 
  i guess they did n't learn english yet and/or are sticking to stormfront still . 
  ah shit , it 's just my stupid fat fingers mistyping on phone . 
  a huge risk taken for terribly written story , riddled with plot holes , completely unrealistic in reality to happen nor it 's consequences . 
  it was just an awful and tasteless mission just for cheap shock element . 
  and even then , actually , it was n't a huge risk . 
  because after-all it is mainly american teens and young adults who play cod , who are generally apathetic towards non-americans . 
  and in that game you can kill brazilian civilians in cross-fire . 
  yet american civilians are completely absent from the game , even in the midsts russian invasion of fucking washington dc . 
  apparently us can evacuate little over half-a million people in a matter of hours . 
  goddamn it , i should stop . 
  otherwise i 'll rant how much i hate mw2 even to this day . 
  even action movies and games have to have standards . 
  mw2 was worse then the lower tier michael bay movies . 
  it clearly shows then . 
  i did n't say they do n't exist , i mean i see them frequently ... just not on reddit or on any other major primary english language sites . 
  i wish there could be a mod where you can peace conference for wars you 're not part of . 
  because i really hate how sometimes a.i. 
  does territory grabs that make map look ugly and unrealistic . 
   bioware can write a lot better , especially when it comes to villians, 
  not really , no . 
  bioware at best pulls off mediocre villains . 
  archon was just , mediocre . 
   the translator suddenly kicking in is jarring , even for those that know the lore . 
  and how does the governor suddenly know what a pathfinder is ? 
  kadara port . 
  angara has first contact with milky way species at kadara , when they liberated the planet from kett occupation . 
  by the time hyperion reaches habitat 7 , angara resistance has milky way species working as spies for them . 
  it 's very easy to get to this conclusion , without game needing to blatantly tell you kadara was first contact between milky way species and angara . 
  tim is a terrible villain in me3 . 
  he only speaks gibberish , has completely flawed logic and only formidable because somehow he managed to form a massive army and navy out of nowhere . 
  most of good development on tim happened in me2 , but he was an ally then not a villain . 
  loghain is , well , an only good villain bioware pulled off . 
  but even then he can be pulled into an ally later on , so when it comes to exclusively villain character bioware just keeps failing to do more then mediocre . 
  except fighting hordes of remnants and kett to get to those buttons . 
  well there is a theory archon 's mind is still alive . 
  just somewhere in meridian system 's .
