  that 's ultranationalism you described there . 
  seven years war , american war for independence , war of 1812 , all those wars with native americans , wars with mexicans and the civil war . 
  you should count in hours now . 
  italy is in the game . 
  and to make more absurd , austria-hungary is also so far left out , an empire that italy had fought against primarily . 
  so far we know :, 
  entente - british commonwealth , usa , italy and arab rebels, 
  central powers - germany and ottoman empire, 
  it 's bizarre to leave france and austria-hungary out of this . 
  it 's somewhat understandable if russia is left out since they are leaving out eastern front as of yet . 
  but western front and isonzo front are in this game , leaving out france and austria-hungary is just plain inexcusable . 
  thanks for update . 
  yes but we forgot to patent it . 
  it 's understandable they wo n't use every front in game at start , hence why we lack serbia and russia . 
  but the western front is here and there is no france ? 
  what the hell ? 
  and it 's all cersei 's fault . 
  so they 're copying ea 's strategy on origin . 
  smart way to do it , really . 
  actually ah is confirmed , as one of replies pointed it out to me . 
  also the fact that french forces were the majority of military forces in the western front and as well the western front was mostly in france . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous to leave out france . 
  that will be like leaving out germany in ww2 's eastern front . 
   pulls us out of a 10 year war, 
  in george bush 's exit plan . 
   great depression, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  there was no great depression since 1920 . 
  and he ended 2008 recession by making rich people richer and fucking over the middle class , for which he made a precedent for future recession to be far worse . 
  only latakia front line collapsed . 
  although that was a big loss for rebels , they managed to hold relatively well everywhere else against regime . 
  they 're still a healthy competition and alternative to steam . 
  enough for valve not to get too comfortable with their dominance in digital market . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  both teams were really sloppy today . 
  wales is gon na crush russia next week , so should england defeat slovakia without too much trouble . 
  england dominated in match against russia , but russia managed to pull an undeserved draw . 
  democratic party truly does n't understand how house elections are far more important then presidential elections . 
  wishful thinking that saa will ever get near raqqa for long . 
  hahahaha !, 
  it does n't say losses were either civilian nor military . 
  what ? 
  azaz pocket is isolated and rebels are severely limited to send aid to that front . 
  fsa is holding way better against isil on other fronts where they have no air support and are in fact bombed by russians and regime . 
  but no goalless draws , so that 's a plus . 
  germany , poland . 
  you disappointed me !, 
  maybe croatia 4:0 czech ? 
  i mean , coach did promise those beers if we win . 
  apparently people that are are 30 or younger are underaged kids . 
  republican primaries were also rigged against trump . 
  however gop was heavily divided ( 11 candidates for fuck sake !, 
  ) , for years had fed their voters to want the monster like trump , trump had a name recognition from very start and him humiliating jeb bush boosted his momentum to massive scale . 
  bernie was unknown entity and had to go through hillary clinton and democratic party was very stable until bernie started to had initial winnings . 
  just because trump succeed , it does n't nullify the fact system is still rigged and corrupt . 
  trump managed to beat those odds due to circumstances , bernie was close but not close enough to beat much more difficult odds stacked against him . 
  so first you tell me system was n't rigged at all , but now you say system is rigged but only for republican party ? 
  no , boateng was always in the way !, 
  only one team will walk out of this match with disappointed fans . 
  please do n't be croatia . 
  red dress wo n't be seen until knock out stage sadly . 
  you will have to wait til knockout stage to see home kit . 
  these hooligans announced days in advance they will ruin the match . 
  well , they sure did wait for the worst moment to fucking do that . 
  they want to suspend national team to force changes in our corrupt football federation . 
  these guys are organized , they likely strategically waited for the worst possible opportunity . 
  they 're fucking assholes with no sense of empathy , that 's why . 
  peaceful protests have been ongoing for many years but it fallen to deaf ears to suits in federation . 
  this is an act of desperation and idiocy . 
  but french security should have been better at their jobs . 
  we 're lucky hooligans are exploiting their incompetence , imagine if isil sympathizers did it . 
  i do n't think any fan is criticising her . 
  she still did top notch job at acting even when given awful directing and script . 
  no to sam pokupio sa redit komentara , pa nezna se koliko je to to\u010dno . 
   this wo n't stop anything until people in charge leave their positions , and that will never happen, 
  well not until uskok get 's those thieves behind bars . 
  with new snap elections incoming , hdz will be deposed and will be unable to protect those corrupt shits at hns . 
  because they want to suspend our national team in hopes to force changes in our corrupt football federation . 
  it 's a desperate and idiotic move . 
  i 'd disagree , sweden is worse . 
  at least turkey managed to shoot on target . 
  sweden lucked out on irish own goal . 
  belgium is not silly enough to score own goal like ireland did . 
  with only 2 points ? 
  unlikely , you 'll need at least 1 win ( or 3 draws ) to have a realistic chance to go through knock out stage . 
  top 4 out of 6 third placed teams are going through . 
  sweden right now is the very worst 3rd placer . 
  the problem is , peaceful protests have been already for many years before this . 
  it all fell under deaf ears . 
  hence why this desperate and idiotic moves . 
  croatian national team uses nike clothing . 
  clearly they 're traitors !, 
  uuuugh , i hope you go to good part of somalia . 
  hey , belgium is about to play against sweden next week . 
  belgium should easily score 8 goals and win 7:1 . 
  so , / r/soccer hivemind is 50 % correct so far . 
  he 's ours !, 
  he 's replacing our commentators !, 
  fifa being under criminal investigation internationally . 
  do n't remind me .
