  republican side is hardly one sided . 
  top 3 candidates are very close to one another . 
   the explanation that sifo-dyas never existed and was , in fact , count dooku , sent by sidious , is a much cooler explanation, 
  except that it 's canon sifo-dyas was real and was killed by count dooku after clone army started to be kickstarted . 
  i assume it 's due to that email scandal from which hillary is facing potential criminal charges from fbi . 
   i hope for mass effect andromeda, 
  do n't . 
  bioware is the greediest developer under ea 's wing . 
   are you sure it 's bioware and not ea trying to milk them ? 
  absolutely . 
  if ea was making do this , then why are mass effect 2 and 3 , as well dragon age 2 , only games where you have to buy bioware points to buy their dlc 's that are never on sale ( dlc 's nor bp ) and there was never a dlc pack nor game edition to buy all dlc 's for cheaper ? 
  i mean , every other ea title puts their dlc 's and even micro transaction items on sale on often basis for even much bigger titles . 
  yet bioware , specifically bioware edmonton studio , seems to be an exception that does n't do that even after those games being relatively old at this time . 
  also i still remember days when me3 was being marketed before it 's release . 
  so many lies and broken promises were made by game developers , while after the launch they went full defensive and tried to cover their lies with different lies by twisting the words of previous claims or flat out denying what they said despite evidence shown to them ( which also caused a lot banhammers and censorship on bioware 's official forums , i have to say ) . 
  there are n't ea 's executives , these are people who were the core of mass effect development team . 
  in fact , founders of bioware were also being shady as hell through the whole thing . 
  unless ea executives are literal sith 's and are capable to corrupt people with dark side , i 'm pretty sure bioware was rotten from the get go . 
  which also reminds me that bioware planned pre-order dlc 's with me1 , but could n't pull it off as they struggled to even finish the game in first place as it went through development hell and nearly bankrupted bioware if it were n't for microsoft and later ea intervening . 
  except that 's not how it works . 
  bioware edmonton , before becoming part of ea , was developing mass effect 1 and dragon age origins at same time !, 
  if it were n't for ea getting them , bioware would declare bankruptcy and neither of two games would be ever released , or at least me1 would only be released on xbox 360 only with me2 never to be developed . 
  so bioware already had such development policy . 
  meanwhile the old republic was and still is developed by bioware austin . 
  bioware austin has nothing to do with original bioware edmonton beyond sharing same name . 
  both developer studios have their own resources and own infrastructure . 
  they share the name just for name recognition really . 
  and hell , bioware edmonton studio is also divided into two teams . 
  one focused on dragon age and other one focused on mass effect , with both only sharing audio devs . 
  otherwise they have their own separate budgets too . 
  also while i 'm at it , me3 ending was doomed from start . 
  the core trio of mass effect universe had no idea how to end the trilogy until very last moment , though by that moment there was only two of them as drew karpyshyn resigned bioware all together to do his own thing ( until he got rehired 2 years later by ea to write for tor ) . 
  sadly , the whole trilogy writing development was poorly planned out . 
  also it does n't help that ( now former ) executive producer casey hudson and ( sadly still current ) lead writer mac walters live in a bubble so they never had proper criticism of their writing decisions . 
  i 'm sorry but it was n't the big baddy corporation ea that ruined bioware , bioware ruined itself through own bad decisions and lack of proper vision . 
  ea just made sure they get to survive for past 10 years and still go on . 
  that 's just wrong on so many levels . 
  constitutional court will be about to be disbanded as judge 's terms are about to end , while our conservative government will most likely unable to put new judges without full agreement from social democrat opposition . 
  so basically they wo n't bail mami\u0107 once again so he 's going to jail soon . 
  so , he 'll get big bag of nothing . 
  so hooray !, 
  at least i hope anyway . 
   the problem with the prequels ( and by extension , the hobbit trilogy ) is that it is totally greenscreen sets . 
  [ that is a complete myth . 
  ] ( http://boards.theforce.net/threads/practical-effects-in-the-prequels-sets-pictures-models-etc.50017310/ ), 
  because russia is highly hypocritical and has no credibility . 
  that is an absolutely ridiculous idea . 
  you can not smuggle such thing into europe without being caught very quickly . 
  i doubt syrian rebels would ever give aa missiles to pro-russian forces in ukraine . 
  so assad regime is then also terrorist organization by that logic ? 
  then why are vikings , mongols , islamic caliphates and some others successful counqerors portrayed as evil , bloodthirsty conquerors ? 
  oh right , because losing side also writes history !, 
  why ? 
  because it 's historians that write history , not victors nor losers . 
  assad will never be remembered fondly by most of the world , not even by most syrians . 
  then why did assad regime deny citizenship to palestinians and kurds for decades ? 
   responsible for the deaths of millions of people, 
  that fact that bernie has to compete against hillary in currently very tight race shows that democratic primaries are not devoid of competition . 
  if there was no competition , either him or hillary would be having a dominating victories right now . 
  sanders is lot more electable then hillary is when put against trump and cruz . 
  well you 're just as petty as they are then . 
   the republicans would kill him in a general election . 
  you mean two top crazies trump and cruz , highly unpopular among moderates and especially among leftist , would kill bernie ?!, 
  are you that clueless with how terrible the situation is with republican party ?!, 
  this is the best time ever for bernie to win a presidential election , his only real opposition is hillary right now . 
  cold war ended 30 years ago . 
  what does it have to do with anything today ? 
  you really think americans would choose a crazy evangelical religious nutcase cruz or a massive racist troll trump over sanders just because a word socialist was dirty thing to say 30 years ago ? 
  i mean seriously , think about it !, 
  non-evangelical moderate christians would never vote for cruz , hell even radical catholics would never vote for cruz . 
  and he has no chance with young votes either , so he has no chance in national elections . 
  trump would also lose as he has no support from minorities and you need minorities to win national elections . 
  as well he 's despised by everyone who consider himself a left-winger and a moderate , as well pro-establishment conservatives ca n't stand him either . 
  you really think those two would beat sanders just because of the word socialist ?!, 
  you 're severely underestimating intelligence of 45 + year old americans . 
  why the hell did you put social benefits under quotations ? 
   drive the tax rate high enough and these people will simply leave, 
  no , they wo n't simply leave . 
  it 's nothing but an empty rhetoric , only a handful will actually leave . 
  majority will just whine about it but stay and pay those taxes . 
   because they are not necessary . 
  to majority of people they are . 
   they also could be privatized and allocated more efficiently . 
  uk done that , now uk 's healthcare is among the worst in eu while taxpayers still pay a lot more for privatized healthcare then previous state healthcare . 
  british citizens pay far more for far less . 
  privatized healthcare system is highly inefficient in nation wide scale . 
  good luck with that , those city-states and island cities are being put under heavy international pressure for past couple of decades to seize being tax safe heavens . 
  there 's a good reason why switzerland seized to be a tax safe heaven so many years ago and it will be same for these tiny nations too . 
  ehm , i 'm confused . 
  what 's the other meaning ? 
  and many countries , especially countries part of eu , had been fighting against this successfully and hard forced some countries to seize being tax free heaven as well forced many corporations to still pay some if not all of their taxes . 
  it can be done , it is is ridiculous notion to think national governments are helpless to fight against corporations and rich people to pay for taxes they are required to pay for . 
  which is true in real life too , police cars are made much heavier then an average car of same size to be more effective against blockade ramming . 
   just now russia prevented total collapse of all ~ ~ statehood ~ ~ assad regime in syria, 
  this is what russia had actually saved . 
   , that man is the single greatest reason for the peace process moving forward, 
  you mean creating more war and destruction makes peace process move forward ? 
  what a laughable statement !, 
  pretty sure that 's russian way . 
  that is absolutely ridiculously small area .
