  remove the flair !, 
   only 4 of 32 councils voted yes . 
  that piece of statistic is pointless . 
  this is n't usa where undemocratic antiquated electorate college vote is more important then popular vote . 
  [ croatian independence referendum , 1991 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_independence_referendum,_1991 ), 
  even fox news given obama 100 days before started to heavily bash on him . 
  i mean on obama 's first term , not second one . 
  but yeah , poroshenko did lot more good in 3 months to ukraine , then obama did in both of his terms so far to usa . 
  it 's sadly the best poroshenko could get . 
  usa does n't want to deal with russia , at least not without european nations taking those steps first . 
  beyond sanctions , that is . 
  almost nobody from the `` yes '' campaign seriuosly thinks there was a voting fraud in that referendum , no matter how much the loss hit them hard . 
  and people actually trusted cameron on this . 
  why would `` yes '' campaigners accept the result ? 
  this is their years worth of work to decide the future of their country for generations . 
  they would be the first to cry bloody murder , if there was a fraud . 
  why are n't the yes campaigners claiming there was a vote fraud ? 
  i find it funny i see more russians calling scottish indepedance referendum was rigged then scotts . 
   and giving napoleon a good thrashing, 
  how was that a good thing ? 
  technically no , but it de facto considers them legitimate . 
  if scotland managed to become indepdent , they 'd do everything to rejoin nato and eu . 
  both organizations uk i part of . 
  so no , scotland would never be russia 's ( in ) direct pawn to weaken the west . 
  hell , yes campaigners promised that if scotland had become indepedant , they 'd impost same sanctions that eu did on russia . 
  or just , giving him a job of his dreams in uk or usa before he get 's really anywhere in germany . 
  i 'll just gon na say , that would be a horrible idea . 
  cause if russians find out where his son serves , they 'll do everything they can to capture him or just outright kill him . 
  i was tempted to remove `` expert '' part for the title , but unsure would have mods tolerated the minor edit . 
  csa seceded illegally over slavery and fired the shots first . 
  csa had identical constitution and federal laws to usa , except for the fact they outright banned abolition of slavery . 
  there 's pretty much no changes for the `` states rights '' . 
  also csa seceded without any consent with usa , as well it left many union soldier stay in south who had no intention to abandon their post and weapons to rebels , within the territory they an usa still considered theirs . 
  so instead of trying to have some agreement on at least allowing for union soldiers to leave through some corridor and try to have some peaceful resolution with usa , csa instead decided to attack the fort and start a war . 
  lawl, 
   by then the eu will almost certainly be one country, 
  that disaster will never happen . 
  how 's that possible ? 
  nope !, 
   it 's weird i 've never voted conservative . 
  since i turned 18 , i 've gone gore , kerry , obama and obama . 
  however sjws and political correctness are pushing me towards the other side . 
  or you could go for actual liberal or socialist parties in usa . 
  democrats , supposed liberals , are more conservative then most european countries conservative parties . 
  i know , off topic . 
  but i always get this knee jerk reaction when people consider us democratic party anything but deeply conservative party . 
  and basically commit suicide ? 
  straight out of poroshenko 's mouth . 
  how is this even possible ? 
   and of course it indicates they were fighting a superior enemy , not some rag tag rebel groups . 
  yes , they 're called russian regular army . 
   russia would like to go back in time and deport the few remaining remnants of the tartar population that stalin overlooked . 
  actually , tartars in crimea were the ones that returned from stalin 's deportation . 
  why did they wanted to use him in first place ? 
  steven is utterly irrelevant for past years . 
   so i 'd say a list of nazi , stalinist , or eu makes eu clearly the lesser evil . 
  while i 'm no fan of eu , it 's very ridiculous to compare eu with those two and only proclaim they 're lesser evil . 
  not shocking , there was some other japanese group cosplaying as militias from yugoslav wars . 
  well berlin was in france for a while , several times . 
  that was my joke . 
   i swear my dream of us achieving world peace thru space exploration . 
  i can already see mars wars . 
  [ rough google translate here ] ( http://www.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;ie=utf8&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fslobodnadalmacija.hr%2fsvijet%2ftabid%2f67%2farticletype%2farticleview%2farticleid%2f258648%2fdefault.aspx ) . 
  gon na write summary in a few minutes . 
  andro is 21 and from croatian capital zagreb . 
  he originally came to give logistical help , but after hearing tragic stories from refugees he decided take arms . 
  he was wounded on 4th september in village \u0160irokina by shrapnel and will need to recover for 6 months . 
  he denounces the claims that battalion azov is foreign mercenary group , claiming he self-financed his own trip that had cost him around 100 euros . 
  meanwhile when he joined azov battalion , he never received any payment nor requested one . 
  he received 4 weeks training in urzufu , more specifically on estate that former president yanukovich owned . 
  andro also claims that 30 % of azov batallion is filled with russian refugees who had to leave their homes in crimea or donbas . 
  andro fought in illoviansk , in which they had to retreat out after heavy shelling but there was a new plan to start new attack as city was very important to make complete siege of donetsk . 
  however , while world was busy with first russian humanitarian convoy , russian regular army already crossed the border . 
  azov battalion then fully retreated and andro with a small group of fighters were tasked to stop or delay russian advances at village \u0160irokino . 
  without any heavy weapons and under constant mortar shelling , they manage to hold off for 9 days . 
  they received no help from ukraine regular army , so they decided to retreat in a car . 
  attempt to retreat in a car was a failure , as mortars managed to get them off road . 
  this is where andro got wounded and was then likely carried for rest of the retreat . 
  can i be considered racist how neanderthals were portrayed ? 
  how are ukraine troops still holding the airport ? 
  it does n't seem to have any sort of defenses . 
   and the french flag for the normans would n't have been the tricolour . 
  wait , but normans were n't french . 
  the honorable sling stone !, 
  most of the successes putin had is due to liberals putting up major reforms in 1990 's but needed until 2000 's to take positive effect . 
  time when putin got the power and everyone though that was his doing . 
  though serbian wikipedia is exclusive on cyrillic . 
  they did n't . 
  they were merely occupying most of europe , as local populace kept rejecting their rule . 
  germany simply could n't afford that sort of massive occupation , especially since uk continued to resist them , which meant they would be economically embargoed by entire world . 
  invading ussr was german 's only hope to gain enough resources to outlast uk , however that was their doom as well cause ussr , while mostly backward and ruled by the most inept paranoid cunt in history of humanity , was still too much for germany . 
  ussr was simply too big and too resourceful . 
  ooooh , i never noticed that . 
  serbia illegally destroyed autonomies of kosovo and vojvodina , under yugoslav constitution . 
  as well committed ethnic cleansing . 
  serbia itself did n't give a shit for it 's own domestic laws nor for international laws , so kosovo had justification to leave . 
  it worked for croatia in 1990 's , it sure as hell should work for ukraine . 
  only time will tell will scenario repeat . 
  my dead grand-grandma looks more alive then gubarev . 
  eeeeeh , russia only owned one small outpost in california , while the spanish controlled the rest .
