  or this is just another non-existent meeting . 
  because this meeting most likely did n't even happen . 
  every time there 's a lull in fighting , sayed claims ypg and saa are negotiating for ceasefire and reach to an agreement . 
  only for fighting to restart soon after . 
  and every time he also claimed that both iranians and russians mediated the talks , but now he dropped iranians out of it . 
  did they just gave up on talks ? 
  or there never were talks in first place . 
  not really , this is basically just somewhat detailed `` deal '' of getting things back to status quo . 
  no way ypg would agree to get things back to status quo after all this . 
  i meant more for last 4 times of alleged ceasefire agreements . 
  when fighting stops , apparently there 's ceasefire . 
  this is 5th time he claims there 's a ceasefire , but now they are still fighting . 
  you 're kidding me ? 
  you 're saying all these clashes were just a prank or something ? 
  this is just insulting now . 
  not surprised . 
  they want to soften up isis for rebel assault , while sending a message to sdf to back off . 
  that 's the point . 
  what last one ? 
  there was no ceasefire before , stop lying, 
  jealous ? 
  where the hell did that come from ? 
  so a foreign military invasion is a little thing ? 
  again ? 
  from same place ? 
  saa will just never learn . 
  they need to have full control of 1070 and attack on two fronts . 
  but they do n't own more then couple of buildings in 1070 and keep failing to gain ground there . 
  and attacking the base from one front is just sending these poor conscripts to their needless deaths . 
  and only getting conscripts killed pointlessly . 
  hardly , that hill is in rebel atgm range . 
  regime ca n't put anything there to support any assault on artillery base . 
  not every hill is worth holding . 
  they have n't launched any attack from that hill towards that base , nor are they able to give any support fire onto artillery base nor even put fire control on ramuseh road . 
  simply due to rebels are ones having atgm fire control on that hill from buildings from opposite side of road . 
  sure regime is fortified there , but that position only denies rebels to go more south in future offensive without taking the hill first . 
  and rebels are not interested to move southwards again for some time . 
  any heavy weapons would be in kawqab base and qamishl international airport . 
  how many isis fighters are trapped in hawija pocket ? 
  i did n't said invasion is gon na happen , but sdf claims it will happen . 
  so claim itself is n't a little thing , is what i 'm saying . 
  there 's was only a small garrison force in that city , them getting redeployment in aleppo would make a trivial difference . 
  considering kawqab base is n't included , i can safely assume this is n't a ceasefire . 
  this a capitulation of regime forces in hasakah . 
  unless saa and ypg agreed to stop fighting towards that base , then there 's no end to fighting . 
  that would be unwise , as their supply road is exposed to isis raids . 
  they should at very least make a buffer for the supply road , if they 'll ignore that pocket . 
  the mythical power of airstrikes will not capture that artillery base . 
  geolocated [ here ] ( http://wikimapia.org/#lang=en&amp;lat=36.164562&amp;lon=37.097665&amp;z=18&amp;m=b ) . 
  i 'd delete that post , memes are not allowed . 
  i do n't know how , but somehow op misspelled saa . 
  that 's deep in ypg controlled territory . 
  so rebranding was n't a mere cosmetic change , this is serious policy shifting within the group as well . 
  another day , another failed attack , more poor souls dead pointlessly . 
  like he said , opportunism . 
  they think they can win there by catching regime off guard . 
  it looks it will be race . 
  turkish rebels have an advantage by being right next to city , but how much ready for the offensive ? 
  i guess rebel redeployment is taking rather long . 
  i do n't think they could have ever attack by surprise . 
  civilians in turkey would have reveal that syrian rebels are going through turkey . 
  no point hiding it . 
  what a time to live in !, 
  we 're just butthurt . 
  hopefully they do update it like that or similar in future . 
  at least you have a massive army to defend against those empires now . 
  the best hat !, 
   the fact that the turkish planes are not being shot out of the sky by the syaaf or the russian aerospace forces ( including the surface to air missile units ) makes it pretty obvious that some sort of agreement has been made between the moscow , ankara and damascus . 
  usa and turkey has been bombing isis there for past year without issues . 
  wait until they actually come close to regime and see will anyone get shot down . 
  makes sense , turkey would never go into syria without us from start . 
  no way , us would never allow that and they are taking part of this offensive . 
  they 'll secure the border and connect with azaz pocket , but after that they 'll sooner go for al-bab then manjib unless us drops support for either side . 
  wow , if true that does explain why it took that long to deploy . 
  hence why there are airstrikes and turkish tanks now , those will stop vbieds . 
  looking at manjib , many isis fighters are not willing to fight to death afterall . 
  this is second time regime got inside technical college entrance but to be expelled by rebel accurate mortar fire . 
  although i 'd recommend to name it euphrates shield , as at this rate jarabulus will be in in most of if not full rebel control by end of the day . 
  and this operation will go more north and west . 
  fair enough . 
  it looks like isis retreated of jarabulus almost completely . 
  it looks like it 's up for fsa rebels and turkey to eliminate isis presence in aleppo . 
  well shelling the city for past week is one way of telling them to get lost . 
  assad regime and ypg are enemies . 
  ypg 's one and only shot was with usa . 
  usa is more then willing to aid them against isis , but supporting rojava project is out of the question due to turkey . 
  erdogan is nuts , but he 's smart and knows his place and position . 
  isis is there , but on full retreat . 
  i 'm shocked they did n't put up much of a fight , but it does n't look like they were ever prepared for attack from turkish territory . 
  but without jarabulus , no road to smuggle them in quickly and safely , while those villages close to border will fall quickly . 
  ambitious , but realistic . 
  sdf is now stuck where it is as ypg is forced to withdraw , while saa is also stuck in aleppo as moving anything towards al-bab risks for the rebels besieging western aleppo city . 
  when biden told ypg to go back east of the river , it was all over by that point . 
  yeah , no point to outright attack efrin canton outright . 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  this is where us wanted for sdf go first , but ypg wanted to connect cantons first . 
  this forces them to finally go east . 
  hence why us ai n't dropping support to ypg , only for any advances west of euphrate river . 
  ypg still has free reign south towards oil fields and raqqa . 
  sdf should n't have advanced , this was just plain foolish .
