  also i never recreated that in hoi3 , mainly because i still do n't understand game mechanics quite well nor same game exploits exists and a.i. 
  works differently . 
  i presume in hoi3 you 'll need to defeat ussr and use it 's resources and industry to build huge navy before even thinking about invading uk . 
  / r/notheonion, 
  considering french monarchy was starving it 's population to death , due to it 's terrible and incompetent rule , that was weirdly an improvement . 
  wait , where it 's said batarians , volus and elcor 's can live that long ? 
  luciferdamn it !, 
  i knew it we should n't have let putin design that !, 
  it 's not even rainbow uniforms , either . 
  jesus christ , that 's too fucking long !, 
  i suggest uploading it in multiple parts , instead . 
  i 'd love explanation too . 
  i know there were several polish flags being waved too , as many polish live in ukraine and some also came from poland ( both share borders ) to help protest along . 
  i 'm hugely upset over their atrocious referring , but this fb group is just taking it too damn far . 
  and very illegal . 
  do n't insult 10 year old 's !, 
   ** yellow ** = protests active . 
  it 's green . 
  oh yeah , that position is so useful to him while most of parliament is on the president 's side . 
  especially not for themselves . 
  greek ? 
  ai n't testudo formation a roman invention ? 
  wait , for real ? 
  though some users from / r/badhistory are trying to take over that subreddit , due to / r/holocaust moderator inactivity , and then turn discussion into actual holocaust history . 
  well i am following on the situation in ukraine and with live stream in my background , i can find out is anything new happening . 
  nobody in ukraine wants to split the country and there would be huge fight over capital kiev and some major cities . 
  as well western half would refuse to be landlocked . 
  and then there would be the issue of autonomy of crimea republic . 
  so no , splitting country to half would be a giant disaster . 
  germans sabotaged the rails !, 
  vatican not pleased . 
  yes , but that would start a civil war . 
  assad did the same shit with his own protestors , which quickly escalated into hugely devastating syrian civil war . 
  ok , i got ta admit . 
  that game looks very fun to play . 
  but i wan na hear it now . 
  though , it 's no longer [ half a country vs another half ] ( http://merera.livejournal.com/295995.html ) . 
  even the eastern pro-russian parts are starting to protesting now against their president . 
  sounds even more awesome . 
  as in it 's so bad it 's amazing , kind of way . 
  to make war more challenging , ofcourse !, 
   anyone else getting kind of bored with joseph stalin ? 
  you mean before or after getting bored of adolf hitler ? 
  correction . 
  us mainstream media is focusing on jb ( and other similar pointless shit ) , while ignoring or weakly reporting on ukraine situation ( nsa spying scandal coverage is even a bigger joke ) . 
  every other mainstream media ( bbc and al jazeera especially ) are reporting quite a lot on ukraine . 
  only to the extend to disarm them from their riot shields and police sticks . 
  as well they were in full suit of body armor , so protestors were n't capable to seriously injure them . 
  and in the footage shown , protestors stopped assaulting cops once they were disarmed , but merely pulled out of the way instead . 
  if they really wanted to be brutal , they 'd continue beating up disarmed cops who 's in no position ti fight back . 
  i think title of video being written in english would have helped more . 
  considering there are people in power in japan who freely and openly deny nanking massacre , not really the case . 
  translations please . 
  thanks . 
   its not homosexuals who are responsible for homophobia . 
  we are n't the ones hating each other . 
  well there are a bunch of self-loathing closeted homosexuals even in position of power suppressing lgbt rights . 
  though it 's still mainly heterosexuals who do that , just adding that . 
  scandinavians are completely correct !, 
  peaceful , rich , happy and smart !, 
  nothing on ex-yugoslav nations ? 
  i had no idea portugal fought in ww1 . 
  and that much casualties too ? 
  for some reason map separates srpska republika out of federation of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  while there is a push to have a separate national football teams in bosnia ( like uk has ) , fifa still does n't acknowledge it seriously . 
  west bank palestine ? 
  wait , vatican is there too ? 
  hooray , croatia no longer the most insane at committing genocides . 
  * fingers crossed *, 
  please do n't do history , please do n't do history , please do n't do history , please do n't do history !, 
  in couple of decades , we 'll anschluss bosnia so it wo n't matter anymore . 
  yeah , except croatian government always refuses to start constructing it for over a decade . 
  why ? 
  it 's still a giant mystery , despite changing from conservatives to socialist-liberal coalitions , then returning to conservatives and again change to socialist-liberal coalitions . 
  well , at least he had decency to apologize . 
  cause china would totally invade a country on which it 's economy depends upon !, 
  well ... 
  i give him points for originality . 
  i love how usa supplying the allies is a terrible thing , yet not supplying imperial japan is a terrible thing . 
  goddamn it , why nobody told me that ?!, 
  where 's my paycheck ? 
  that 's just sick !, 
   heh , thanks , but i grew up in a war and there is nothing badass about it , just bad . 
  you no true patriot , yugo-nostalgic commie !, 
  from screenshot , hungary is being ruled by a duke of esztergom . 
  who for some reason did n't usurped kingdom of hungary tittle . 
  i guess lack of money and/or piety . 
  i find democracy to be a terrible system and i do n't believe power should depend upon the people , who are in general politically and economically inept . 
  as well , elections are to pretty much overglorified popularity contests and depend too much on who spends more money on their elections campaign . 
  also i 'd add presidents are for the most part just overglorified ambassadors . 
  only when they 're acting like dictators or in war act in position of commander-in-chief , do they do anything worthwhile as someone who should be head of state . 
  ok , someone needs to make a list of all bad_something subreddit , cause this is a new one to me . 
  oh , never noticed that . 
   / r/holocaustrebooted, 
  every nazi wet dream . 
  damn , i hoped that sub would have been taken over . 
  lol , i thought it was an obvious sarcasm i posted there, 
  vidi , vidi . 
  10k more and / r/polandball will have more subscribers then population of my hometown . 
  know what 's wrong ?!,
