  it would be hugely boring world cups and euro cups if england won that many of them in row . 
  pa zato je i kriza . 
  i somehow doubt that . 
  i 'm sure entire turkish population would object to a open war with syria . 
  as well , it would be a massive hit or turkish economy to wage war . 
  and i 'm sure turkey would face severe sanctions from us and eu for attacking syrian kurds , that would directly assist isis . 
  it would be a terrible , terrible , move for turkey to invade now just to undermine kurds . 
  and they need support from us and nato , if they think to help rebels to take out isis and regime too . 
  erdogan simply has to be out of his complete mind to invade syria without firm western powers support and overwhelming domestic majority support . 
  it would simply be a disaster for him otherwise . 
   the ` rebels ' are hoping for a scenario like the one in idlib, 
  no , they did not expected idlib scenario here . 
  jaish al-fatah at idlib did n't expect a quick victory at idlib , nor does the southern front now at daraa . 
  where they hell do you guys get this idea ? 
  they did , though we could use previous map for comparison of how much is gained . 
   well , him and malaysia airlines, 
  well that 's unfair , malaysia airlines is n't really responsible for their bad publicity . 
  unlike trump . 
   it was back to killing each other for the glory of some general . 
  that 's such a wrong statement , it hurts . 
  it 's a total nonsense to think it took 150 years for people to now be angry about the confederate flag . 
  hatred for confederacy and it 's flag had existed for past 150 years . 
  it 's only now that us mainstream media took interest into this whole deal . 
  it 's a good practice to have `` np.reddit '' link when linking to another subreddit thread . 
  it 's a safe guard from you and subreddit not be accused of possible vote brigading . 
  they sure do love to waste their tanks while being pragmatic . 
  dinamo zagreb 's president zdravko mami\u0107 , his brother and club 's coach zoran mami\u0107 and executive director damira vrbanovi\u0107 are under investigation by uskok ( ured za suzbijanje korupcije i organiziranog kriminaliteta/bureau for combating corruption and organized crime ) for years worth of tax evasion , bribes and other corruption charges . 
  none was arrested , but their houses and apartments all over croatia are being raided . 
  both mami\u0107 brothers are currently in slovenia for their club 's regular 10 days pre-season training . 
  yes . 
  that was intentional when they named their bureau . 
   north korea is making the nazi 's look good at this point . 
  but nazis did same experiments . 
   but i believe there is no hell . 
  this is basically a heresy to catholic church . 
  that has to be first positive content about olly i 've seen . 
  man i sure do love ramsey . 
  you can survive unharmed from higher edge , if snow is deep enough and you fall on your legs . 
  it 's hardly fucked up anyway , just very weird . 
  if everyone is dead , then no more recruits . 
   is n't mamic meant to be a bit of a shady character ? 
  that 's an understatement of the year . 
  or anyone at that matter . 
  dinamo 's home matches are very often devoid of any fans . 
  no way barcelona has any influence over croatian government and it 's law enforcement . 
  man , it feels like forever since siege of sloviansk today . 
  oh man , the nonsense we were hearing at first months of this war . 
  at least pro-russian side was creative then . 
  it 's not that blatantly simple . 
  did n't they went to ypg/fsa controlled raqqa govornate to fight isis on that front ? 
  so much stock sounds . 
   russia alone will rip turkey a new one . . 
  lol, 
  no chance , it would be a grindfest between the two with an advantage to turkey if on defensive in their homeland that has ton 's of natural defenses in ankara . 
  i 'm sorry , but russia is nowhere near capable to just stomp out turkish military just like that . 
   you mean to tell me the whole of europe fears russia 's military , except super warrior turks in the middle east ?? 
  aaaaaaand you lost me . 
  european nations fear the destructive war and possible nuclear fallout from war with russia , not it 's military . 
  war between european powers and russia would end only with russian crushing defeat but with heavy losses ( material and lives ) for all european powers or in nuclear fallout . 
  did you really have to remind me of that and make me hate bioware even more now ? 
  ca really needs to start to notice how hugely important are music , sound effects and voice acting . 
  but no corruption took place !, 
  neither is jon snow a stark either . 
  i wish he was though . 
   progress was made . 
  i bit of a understatement . 
  crimea is part of ukraine on every map in world but in russia . 
  snipers do n't win wars , though . 
   imagine if the serbs did that to england, 
  considering what `` love '' uefa has for england , i think they 'd get a pat on the back . 
  and a fine . 
  always a big fine . 
  there was a ban in past for a match to be played between two , but both country fa 's and governments gave an ok to uefa to allow both teams to play . 
  so it 's hardly uefa 's incompetence , especially since in previous world cup qualifications croatia vs serbia matches went without major incidents as in both matches only home fans were allowed in . 
  and matches between croatia and serbia are of the same high risk as serbia and albania . 
  i would love to see these serb hooligans attack a nato member albania . 
  this is a poorly done , lazy and blatant propaganda . 
  argentina, 
  germany, 
  chile, 
  colombia, 
  netherlands, 
  spain, 
  iceland, 
  italy, 
  czech republic, 
  usa, 
  france, 
  brazil, 
  switzerland, 
  i can hate both . 
  jesus , how did that other guy survived and managed to just run away ? 
  i had the pleasure to never feel an explosion . 
  man i wonder what messi 's mother thinks of his son then . 
  right sector does n't have that sort of ordinance . 
  being part of political party does n't give you legitimacy of having an armed militia . 
  in fact , i 'm sure it 's outright illegal in ukraine ( like in most countries in world ) , but tolerated due to need for volunteers for war efforts . 
  hollande and merkel are just spineless and petty shits . 
  they are a small minority . 
  they 're not neonazis .
