  i have n't seen that . 
  perfectly sums me up . 
  my expectations were low , yet still overkill managed to disappoint me . 
  hold on , did those who got completely overkill ever got that second secret prize ? 
  and of these 4 , ea is one seriously rethinking their ways might actually be a bad idea . 
   and a character that seems to be the most hated of the heisters . 
  bonnie is a well liked character , it 's just concept art that revealed her was pretty awful . 
  the end times ... uuuugh . 
  you betrayed us vlad , you betrayed us !, 
  you 're the real traitor !, 
  i do n't like jim sterling 's presentation , but when he 's right , he 's right . 
  and he is usually right . 
  to be fair , they did buy us a dinner in past 2 years . 
  i just lost any respect i had for overkill . 
  [ shamefur dispray !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6zq6zqeqg0 ), 
  hell no !, 
  they fucked up too much , too many times . 
  they had forever lost my trust . 
  i love how high caliber automatic assault rifle is weaker then a fucking pistol !, 
  color schemes , patterns , and materials for yesterday 's masks . 
   even bad publicity is good publicity, 
  it 's not as simple as that . 
  this a fucking stupid shitpost . 
  fall started long before that . 
  simon leaving was just a prelude of high acceleration of their fall . 
  he jokingly flirted with someone as popular on facebook many years ago , person did n't took it too well , he backed off quickly after but that person created a internet drama many months later and slandered him that he `` stalked '' that said person for months after . 
  so it 's how he got declared to be `` misogynistic '' by some crowd of people . 
  one of the worst things with mods is that many mods are incompatible with many other mods . 
  it would be a disaster if you buy two different mods but you ca n't use them at same time . 
  paid mods need 100 % guarantee they will work with other paid mods , as well as any future official game updates . 
  in reality , paid mods would have to be turned into 3rd party developed dlc 's for it to work at all . 
  and people like you are responsible for enabling bad business practices . 
  i hope you 're happy about yourself . 
  holy shit , i have no idea tiger tanks were that bad at fuel consumption inefficiency . 
  damn it , i want to play cod 2 again . 
   t-34 and sherman tanks that were inferior to german tiger and panther tanks, 
  comparing medium tanks with heavy breakthrough tanks is like comparing apples to oranges . 
  he 's being an irresponsible costumer and his irresponsible choices are n't simply affecting him , but everyone else too . 
  his irresponsible decisions are n't happening in a vacuum . 
  when their damn bad decisions are ruining gaming industry , ruining my hobby in general , i damn gon na and should care what people do related to this shit . 
   lower metacritic average score to 3, 
  not without making shit ton of bots , we wo n't . 
  not possible without owning the game on said account . 
  i was n't aware you can do that . 
  overkill is about as guilty , if not more , then starbreeze over this . 
  from this , i see ukraine , denmark , norway and bosnia going out to france . 
  reviews get removed if your game get 's a refund . 
  while ignoring console the existence of users , ofcourse . 
  well so far , lion game lion did n't disappoint . 
  well , they still need to work on getting us a stable framerate in their heists . 
  but so far , they did n't screw up . 
  why are there so little injuries , yet so much deaths ? 
  this has to be a joke . 
  his system was a dysfunctional mess , it ca n't be brought back . 
  qa team does n't make decisions on fixing things . 
  they test the game , make a list of bugs and bad game mechanic , development team reads the list then tosses it to trash and published the game/dlc on schedule . 
  [ one more picture ] ( http://www.radio-baranja.hr/images/stories/svasta/zivotinjebodljikava2.jpg ) . 
  nsfw as well . 
  here 's an [ article ] ( http://www.radio-baranja.hr/vijesti/10453-uzas-orbanove-bodljikave-zice.html ) about it , but it 's on croatian . 
  basically , hungary had put up a massive barbed wires fence to close it 's borders due to refugee crisis . 
  however , wildlife commonly goes through country borders for food , so they were desperate to through the fence and not realizing it would kill them . 
  lot 's of wildlife killed , no butchered , by barbed wires in middle of forest is not a / r/wtf content to you ? 
  i do n't think so , i 'm sure they planned it long ago . 
  it 's a blatant manipulation on overkill 's part . 
  you might as well watch infowars when you 're at it . 
  that 's some history revision coming from you . 
  yeah , clover looks rather average . 
  fat scottish clover !, 
  that 's the key part !, 
  but here 's a thing , bungie was insisting that destiny will not be an mmo but something new entirely , something revolutionary . 
  6 months before game is to be released , yet already dlc is being advertised . 
  shame on you ca , shame on you !, 
   none of that ecm rushing bullcrap, 
  hey now , ecm rush can be fun if you do it at moderate dose . 
  oh i agree with you there . 
  you simply ca n't do ecm rush constantly , it will kill the fun in a game . 
  because russia is there , they would payed a lot better , also russian orthodox church declared a holy war in syria . 
   must be a sega thing . 
  people really need to start realizing that developers are just as guilty as publishers and not just simply blindly blame on publisher as if developers are completely innocent party . 
  yeah , microtransacions a re here to stay . 
  too much money had been already spend , there would be a lot of legal troubles if overkill just removes it . 
  it sucks , but it 's unrealistic now to get that removed . 
  only thing we can truly get is to remove skin weapon stats and get proper weapon balance . 
  well that or just stop playing pd2 and not buy any other future overkill 's dlc 's and games . 
  and creative assembly . 
  at this point it completely childish and naive to think developers are an innocent party with this terrible business models . 
  i got a few troll masks , but no free drills . 
  i 've already guessed with the game title , with it implying war was about states rights . 
  which is laughable since csa 's constitution was identical to usa constitution , but with one difference where it prohibits any individual state to abolish slavery . 
  so csa was far more restrictive with states rights then usa was . 
  \u017divi zid 80 %, 
  nope , nope , nope , nope !!!, 
  most 77 %, 
  nhps 75 %, 
  ovaj test is sranje . 
  ovaj test je pravo sranje . 
  it 's his computer . 
  you mean the hell that regime had created ? 
  meanwhile getting a troll mask drop is way too fucking high .
