  nice to hear rebels are going on offensive by themselves on isis too . 
  would be a nice bit of change over that nonsense . 
   yeah it 's very weird and not smart . 
  military no , politically it is . 
  al nusra needs to distance itself from isis and al qaeda , otherwise they 'll meet same faith that the talibans suffered . 
  tito , elected ? 
  hahahahahaha !!!, 
  man this video is just plain bad , even for being simplified for kids . 
  greece has more tanks then germany , so using germany as comparison is not useful . 
  unless you want to argue for germany to increase it 's military . 
  why would n't us invade syria in similar case ? 
  if someone besides obama was in charge , usa would have been in syria and libya years ago . 
  despite war exhaustion suffered in iraq and afghanistan . 
  also talibans got to rule most of afghanistan ( not entire country ) only for 5 years , today they can only hold villages near mountains as they hide from not being bombed to pieces . 
  if nusra leadership is smart , they 'll want to avoid that if they want to have any political power in syria post-war in a long term . 
  us had acted against un approval in past . 
  damn , these guys actually noticed it in time . 
  looks like most if not all survived . 
  saa is still nowhere near to lift siege over national hospital . 
  did he really needed to make it confusing by pointlessly rotating that map ? 
  why did n't you leave ? 
  i do n't think they read beyond 2nd sentence . 
  rebels should just stop all assaults on that hospital and instead focus on denying saa to lift the siege . 
  saa troops in hospital should n't be able to hold under siege for too long . 
  i do n't understand this sentence . 
  well you did n't need to go out of the way to translate it for me , but thanks . 
  now i understand . 
  might be a good thing for mario . 
  he is having a 3 months drought with atletico . 
  it 's not good for his confidence . 
  obama has no interest to drag usa into a new war , that 's well known by this point . 
  [ that bottle throw ] ( http://cdn.makeagif.com/media/5-15-2015/5vtewu.gif ) . 
  how credible is his claim ? 
  i see no article about this being true . 
  i hope so , that 's the least that can be justly done over this disgrace . 
  though it 's still a rumor . 
  this is gon na make things a lot more interesting . 
  well that is good to know . 
  now i wan na know what really had happen there . 
  thank you . 
   except one svbied . 
  and that one was destroyed becouse it could n't reach target nor get recovered . 
   there is also one video where they talk in bosnian and you can see kobane on horizont, 
  man , never seen that video . 
  i would have understand what people talk there for once . 
  * puts tinfoil hat on *, 
  what if it 's staged by saa soldiers that are corrupt or sympathetic to rebels ? 
  as in , they made a deal with rebes and are on purpose losing massive ammunition and weapons supplies by constanty losing and regaining this same place . 
  i did n't know konami is also publishing movies . 
  wow , that was just plain awful referring . 
  isis let them to take that territory ? 
  rather underwhelming , considering what they capture usually . 
  how the hell it got upvoted so much , without anyone commenting until an hour ago ? 
  you can create offline profile . 
  who brings those to stadium ? 
  from that angle , it looks like he did dive . 
  as well that celebration for getting a penalty kick is also downright suspicious . 
  pretty sure north korea has it 's own death camps for people they think they have wrong opinion or are unfit to be a north korean or a relative to one of these two . 
  it 's kinda on holocaust fucked up level , just not based on ethnicity . 
  i just realized how funny it is that usa is helping communists today . 
  also , it would be a better strategy to not allow rebels to capture your atgm ammunition in mass and then use it against you . 
  jesus , i 'm anti-assad and i 'm frustrated by his sheer incompetence . 
   ( which is when you can call them byzantine ), 
  not even then really . 
  until being fully conquered by ottomans , they called themselves and everyone else called them roman empire and romans . 
  it was kind of a hissy fit by some famous german historian ( ca n't remember his name ) a century later , that decided to called them byzantine to ilegitimatize them from being roman empire successor ( because holy roman empire was still pretending to be one ) . 
  and so then name had stick by this day , despite we knowing better . 
  i think i touched you nerve . 
  also , a rather fitting user name . 
  what 's with saa/ndf just strolling around casually ? 
  they were easy targets to rebel snipers . 
  isis is not known to be practical . 
  puerto ricans are purple . 
  are you somewhat color blind ? 
  words bombing and shelling are very often used interchangeable . 
  it 's hardly misleading . 
  why ironic ? 
  i 'm not exactly well aware will every individual in this conflict . 
  or it will demoralize pro-regime syrians since counter-offensive that was meant to lift the siege collapsed 2 kilometers short and pulled back for 1 kilometer after . 
  and assad made a major public promise to lift the siege of that hospital . 
  as well , casualties on both sides seems to be in equal terms . 
  and since syrian propaganda machine is a complete joke , no chance for this to become an alamo scenario . 
  and they made mexican troops suffer heavy losses too , with their heroic last stand . 
  better late then never ? 
  these guys do n't follow their muslim beliefs , they follow their warlord fantasies . 
  i assume there were people detained from 1976 to this day . 
  yes ? 
  and with severe sanctions still over iran , they ca n't send significant number of troops in iraq either without killing it 's economy to support military logistics on foreign soil . 
  even if usa would to end sanctions on iran this moment , iran economy will need a long time to recover before they can even think to send own troops in sizable numbers to help iraq against isis . 
   shitheads like saddam , assad and gaddafi are absolutely terrible but they put an heavy lid on the boiling pot . 
  or they were simply delaying the inevitable . 
  their regimes were ( in assad 's case still is ) fundamentally impractical and oppressive . 
  they were destined to be doomed , only a massive political reform or a war were to end them . 
  all 3 of them went for the war option due to their sheer incompetence and massive egos . 
  seriously now , tiger forces are an elite professional standing army soldiers . 
  this guy is a conscript that was forced to fight with very little training and pay , but was lucky enough to not die or be maimed . 
  maybe he hoped car insurance will cover his car getting crushed ? 
   sadly that 's actually not a good thing though . 
  dutch rule in indonesia was ruthless . 
  on bright side , could n't be worse then what imperial japan had in mind for indonesia .
