  other is that if suheil was killed , this would completely cripple saa leadership and demoralize all troops . 
  this would be a huge victory for rebels if it 's true . 
  but for now , no confirmation nor debunking of this had happened . 
  the fact this was first reported by pro-regime accounts , while rebels thought at first they shot down russians , it does make it seem like this did happen or at least his personal heli was shot down but he was n't onboard . 
  eh , super !, 
  anyone who is n't following isis 's islamic sect is getting killed , so majority of sunni muslims are also a target . 
   i ca n't believe people still believe that bullshit . 
  echo chamber is one hell-of-a-drug . 
  a lot of people criticize regressive left for that , but far-right has been growing hugely due to it while very few took notice of it . 
  also the fact that isis is getting crushed in syria , iraq and especially in libya . 
  wtf ? 
  and not just that , they 'll instead construct a sea port in ukraine mainland instead . 
  damn , does fedora changes your smell ? 
  that got me curious , what would be the best weapon set up without use of dlc 's you have to pay for ? 
  what was the point of bringing in tanks to quell riots if you do n't intend to cause a massacre ? 
  hostel ? 
  i 've been following this war for long time and this has to be first time i 've seen a tank destroying another tank . 
  sometimes i 'm glad i live in a small city , because i can always safely buy a ticker for premiere day of all movies . 
  yay ? 
  then why do we portray mongols as the bad guys ? 
  eeeeh , ww1 tanks were very ineffective . 
  initially they were a huge shock for germans who had no idea how to deal with british tanks . 
  but shock value wore off quickly and efficient anti-tank tactics came soon after . 
  ww1 tanks were really only good for homefront morale and war bonds fundraising for the british and to lay foundations for ww2 tanks . 
  imo sam 8 godina kada se to dogodilo . 
   yes , and the swastika was originally an indian good luck charm . 
  nazis use reversed swastika , original swastika is still used normally as before in india . 
  narodna koalicija 58-ids 4-most 11 sa 73 mjesta plus 8 manjinci . 
  narodna koalicija 57-ids 3-most 12 sa 73 mjesta plus 8 manjinci . 
  narodna koalicija 57-ids 3-most 12 sa 73 mjesta plus 8 manjinci . 
  narodna koalicija 54, 
  most 12, 
  \u017divi zid 8, 
  narodna koalicija 57-ids 3-most 12 sa 73 mjesta plus 8 manjinci . 
  sramota . 
  to je velike razlika . 
  isuse , u pravu si . 
  brodu . 
  hold on , that was n't a mod ? 
  pneumonia is n't contagious . 
  also , it is a interracial gay couple . 
  geez , i wonder why ? 
  i think he meant more highlander type immortality . 
  you ca n't die from off old age , diseases or getting sprayed by bullets . 
  but decapitation kinda kills you still . 
  yeah , i 'll never understand this sentiment . 
  life is pretty damn long for me and i 'm only quarter in of my max life spam . 
  ranko . 
  well nobody likes libertarians anyway . 
   and it 's not `` racism '' to point that out . 
  ... why did you have to point that out ? 
  at least not genocidal ? 
  in the west . 
  asia gives no shit what west thinks , same is true vice versa . 
  the great achievement of german engineering , right ? 
  pretend to be a yugoslav partisan then who took the weapons from nazi occupiers . 
  i do find it annoying how germany always gets crushed by 1943 . 
  it almost makes non-major fascist country run unplayable , while democratic or communist run seem like warm up match against axis before those two factions get into a real fight . 
  although both sides are pretty exhausted after crushing germany and italy even with relative ease . 
  is actually superior to germany a.i. 
  sino-japaniese war is always a one-sided affair in hoi4 . 
  either japan crushes china , or china expels japan from mainland forever . 
  never a bitter stalemate that happened in reality after major initial japanese successes . 
  although austria-hungary can say they fought well against italians in ww1 . 
  italy ? 
  what did italy do well in ww2 ? 
  i wish they did n't execute him . 
  lack of any fascist leader being tried for war crimes and crimes against humanity is nothing short of tragic for justice . 
  for one , partisans need to be more effective . 
  currently partisans only destroy factories aid infrastructure in game , which is really more of a mild annoyance . 
  partisans should start appearing as combat units and have major defensive bonuses in forests and mountains . 
  other thing , spawn free units for a.i. 
  at major cities so that lines do n't collapse so easily . 
  i 'd also personally add to put permanent units in major cities and provinces with fortresses . 
  with it neither player nor a.i. 
  can move those units , they 're just there to defend hard points so that fronts do n't collapse so easily . 
  man that sub can go to hell . 
  even at this day of age people try to justify blatant war crimes , while still manage to complain about imagined or grossly exaggerated war crimes of their opposition . 
  true , but it takes away fun and challenge from the game . 
  realism has to be compromised for fun and challenge , even for games that strive to be as realistic as possible . 
  that was stupid and childish . 
   the name `` adolf '' comes from old high german for `` noble wolf '' , hence , a nickname of hitler was `` wolf '', 
  first of all , i never heard before anyone calling hitler a wolf . 
  second of all , i somehow doubt his parents named him after that . 
  third of all , this makes nazi furries shit make some sense now . 
  obviously russian and american migrants heading towards germany ruined germany in 1940 's !, 
  because hollywood . 
  from what i know , although i might be very likely wrong , partisans went on full on mob justice mentality . 
  yeah , mg34/42 is one thing nazi germany had and can truly be considered revolutionary for it 's time and after . 
  it was n't a typical prototype rushed into mass production that germans were doing in ww2 . 
  what 's even more bizzare , italy is far more threatening then germany in hoi4 . 
  then again , ss had stick with hitler till the very end . 
  and himmler did n't betray hitler until last days of the war and really only thing he did was try to save his own ass from imprisonment by running away . 
  but there would be one key difference . 
  germany would have have to go through czechoslovakia . 
  unlike poland , czechoslovakia had great natural defences , fully build fortified defences and fully modernised and equipped army . 
  and the most important thing , germany would n't have nowhere near as much tanks and planes without czechoslovakian natural resources and industry . 
  nazi germany would have been screwed from the get go , as they would n't be able to steamroll them like poland . 
  this would also buy some more time for poland to be much more ready for war with germany , which is really what poland lacked . 
  enough time to be ready for either german and/or soviet invasion .
