  hardly , fights are being done 100 's of kilometers away . 
   those bodies have been out in the open long enough . 
  no one to come and get them . 
  except that lot 's of emergency crews came as well osce investigators , but insurgents denied for them to touch anything for 2 days . 
   since it 's an contested area and security ca n't easily be guaranteed . 
  no ukraine soldiers was even close to the area . 
  no artillery is aimed at that area . 
  there was no fighting in that are ever since conflict started . 
  so it 's not contested area . 
  it 's in clear rebel control . 
  and the whole time investigation could have been done and bodies properly removed to proper place . 
   it 's tragic but it 's better to put them on a refrigerated train then to leave them on the ground where they fell . 
  except that investigation should have been done first and then bodies sent to kharkiv , as it 's only place in region with proper facility to hold that many bodies . 
  instead bodies rotted for 2 days without investigation and are now rotting a bit slower in that train , which is going nowhere . 
  can you link me those requirements ? 
  cause everyone who knows about us laws and constitution i 've seen says seceding was never legal and still is n't in us current government state . 
  i think they 're just desperate to cover up any sort of evidence to be used against them . 
  and because they 're hugely incompetent , they 're just not allowing anyone to investigate anything properly . 
   the entire muslim world allows the stoning of women, 
  oh yeah , lot 's of stoning going on in bosnia , kosovo , albania , turkey , kurd autonomy 's , indonesia and malaysia !, 
  guys , i 'm being sarcastic . 
  they would n't need to be , if insurgents allowed osce investigators to take lot 's of photographic evidence of all victims on crash site , then on same day to be put on emergency vehicles and send to kharkiv . 
  it would barely last a day if it was done properly . 
  but no , instead insurgents did n't do shit but loot bodies for 2 days and then hoarded them into freezer train that is n't going anywhere . 
  complete fuck up !, 
  man i hope they can find protection among kurds . 
  is it just me or putin 's foreign policy is kinda of a disaster for russia ? 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  oh god , i 'm getting shit ton of replies . 
  i was sarcastic . 
  they 're allowed to tour crash site under complete control of insurgents and only on road . 
  they 're not allowed to investigate properly by getting near crashed plane debrief , only view from distance . 
   he has crimea . 
  a place with no drinking water nor electricity ? 
  with it 's only economy tourism completely falling apart due to recent events ? 
   he has weakened and destabilized ukraine . 
  most of ukraine is stable , with problems only in very edge of eastern ukraine . 
  which are soon to be dealt with . 
   he has shown his neighbours ( belarus , - stans ) what happens if they do n't dance to his tune . 
  yeah , except they 're still defying putin on many things . 
   he will throw enough money at crimea to make it a success . 
  it 's a matter of prestige , the russian tax-payers will pay for it . 
  except the bridge he wanted to build is out of the wind . 
  without the bridge , no possible land connection for drinking water and electricity to be sent . 
   the tourists will come back . 
  only the russian ones , of course , but they will . 
  they have been dreaming of going to `` nash krym '' for ages . 
  and now putin has given them that opportunity , of course they will use it . 
  not unless ukraine bans any trains and civilian car to move to crimea . 
  because that is only way for russians to get to crimea in mass . 
  planes cost too much and bring too few people , while ships take too long to arrive . 
   ukraine will be in much debt , and you really can not call it stable now , being effectively in a state of war against russia now . 
  it 's still hardly what would you call unstable country , once insurgency is dealt with . 
   still a big territory . 
  which is mostly just empty fields with handfull of villages and towns . 
  only significant cities will be taken back in matter of days . 
   going forward , on a lot less things than before . 
  there 's hardly any difference from before and now . 
  well , besides that belarus is still objecting to enter that euroasian union . 
  only very small territory . 
  even then they depended on ukraine mainland for drinking water , which ukraine now shot off . 
  you ca n't withdraw recognition . 
  it 's a permanent thing until yours or theirs state is officially dead . 
  not what i 'd call easy for croatia , but it 's not intimidating group either . 
  seems rather irresponsible to bring your family on a beech in or just near a war zone . 
  it 's just begging to be killed in crossfire or be hit by misfired artillery shell that happen often with non-precision artillery . 
  killing civilians out of neglect is a war crime . 
  there was a bad storm over black sea , so a few airlines were rerouted over a warzone . 
  because nobody expected for insurgents to have technology to fire long range aa missiles while ukraine had no reason to deploy any aa defense there either , it was assumed they 'll fly over just fine . 
  well , air traffic controls were deadly wrong . 
  i think somewhere out there he 's rolling in his grave . 
  more like he thinks he knows what he 's doing . 
  not unless merkel remains in `` i do n't actually give a damn '' mode . '', 
  so a target practice for ukrainian paratroopers ? 
  i guess people are having knee jerk reaction on `` do n't blame the victim '' . 
  makes a lot of sense . 
  kharkiv is only city in eastern ukraine that has facilities to hold that many corpses , while new transport is being awaited to send them to amsterdam . 
  most likely a bullshit . 
  no way nato would intervene without public announcement and close corporation with ukraine . 
  as well , usa did n't send enough ships , manpower , heavy weaponry , supplies nor aircraft to black sea even for a small invasion operation . 
  that sort of thing would require weeks or months of preparation . 
  but everyone would have noticed them moving from germany , through poland and most of ukraine a long time ago . 
  moving heavy military hardware is rather not possible to hide withing highly surveillance 21st century europe . 
  maybe , but seems rather unlikely . 
  usa only recently started to give non-soft sanctions on russia , while still not giving lethal aid to ukraine . 
  it would be bizarre if they attacked out of the blue . 
  those get spotted rather easy by local populations posting it online and many spy satellites . 
  they are only good for short term use , for transporting basically . 
  well , gauls and franks were mercs too . 
  [ source ] ( https://twitter.com/maxseddon/status/491322087043522560/photo/1 ) . 
  / r/conspiracy would explode, 
  no , you should n't . 
  go to ~ ~ / r/conspiritard ~ ~ / r/conspiratard / instead . 
  woops , i made a typo : / r/conspiratard /, 
  if paradox games thought me anything , oppression is a way to go . 
  i do remember of another suicide bomber couple of months ago . 
  why is croatia having `` resident evil '' stereotype ? 
  what is `` resident evil '' stereotype anyway ? 
  just like bosnia is somehow orthodox . 
  good !,
