  this did n't happen !, 
  it 's also bullshit, 
  ever since me2 was in dlc development , bioware created bw montreal with purpose to take over mass effect franchise once trilogy is finished . 
  this change was meant to happen before first idea was even thought out about anthem . 
  this myth just has to stop . 
  [ here 's one ] ( https://www.videogamer.com/news/dead-space-3-sales-not-what-ea-wanted ) . 
  not just with dead space 3 , but also with crysis 3 did ea admitted sales were below expectations . 
  [ and last year ] ( https://www.gamespot.com/articles/titanfall-2-sales-lower-than-expected-ea-admits/1100-6447455/ ) , they did so with titanfall 2 . 
  ea always admits when sales underperform . 
  on average , i think battle of bastards episode had cost like half the season 's budget . 
  no , but at same time he has to have some intention to protect trump . 
  after all that 's how he keeps his crooks loyal . 
  even if they fail catastrophically , like yanukovich in ukraine did back in 2014 , he will still protect his crooks and make to keep luxurious life in an exile . 
  that 's what keeps putin 's allies and underlings so loyal to him , even to the point of risking everything to do putin 's doing . 
  but then again , it is trump . 
  so who knows . 
  and here i thought scaramucci was a match set in kremlin for trump . 
  i know this will make colbert sad . 
  i really hate that tyrell 's fallen so easily just because their sigil is a flower . 
  that 's just plain dumb . 
  i love how olenna pretty much told jaime to get off her lawn . 
   freys : dead . 
  nah , arya missed a couple of hounded of them . 
  that does n't tyrell 's should n't have a competent and large army on it 's own . 
  but ... but ... he got rhineland back . 
  without any consequences . 
  france and uk literary gave no shit when hitler retook rhineland for germany . 
  jews are number one enemy , while brown people are a close second . 
  churchill saved number one enemy , which makes him an enemy despite having a `` great '' record against brown people . 
  i guess hitler felt bad for those two . 
  also , now that you mentioned it , why was lichtenstein spared ? 
  trump is only a symptom of that creepy obsession . 
  gop , fox news and many right wing radio channels were ones to cause that obsession and trained their supporters to be just as obsessive . 
  i 'm pretty sure they got to that point 2 years ago . 
  well d&d look like generic white rich guys , so it 's hard to remember their faces . 
  but here 's an issue , intelligence community despises trump and military leadership has no loyalty for trump beyond what constitution allows and mandates it to them . 
  trump might try to commit a coup , but it would be a massive failure and it would merely accelerate his downfall . 
  out of that russia would have a short term victory by destabilizing us , but us would bounce back eventually . 
  after that there would be an active hostility between two countries , in which russia ca n't win . 
  putin fucked up royally by turning us democratic party into his sworn enemy , as that was the only serious political party in us that wanted to improve relations with russia up until dnc hacks . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was sarcastic . 
  also it was n't since roman republic when there was a last dictator to overturn his position of power for democracy to return as normal after time of crisis . 
  that was over 2,000 years ago , and roman republic was very autocratic and authoritarian before it even turned into an empire . 
  and an idiot less likely to get elected in 2020 . 
  high sparrow , as well varys in one of replies you got , actually gave a lot of shit to help the poor people and to weaken nobility to aid common people . 
  ryan just wants to give tax cuts for rich people . 
  there 's just no got character to represent that idiot . 
   it 's american people, 
   stopping him from getting anything done, 
  they , what ? 
  ouch , and kriegsmarine never stood a chance in the first place . 
  davos is a good diplomat and a navy officer , however his capabilities to run a war are unknown . 
  definitely lacks experience . 
  jon is actually superior to davos on that department , as long as he is not distracted to be a reckless hero of the day . 
   i 'd say battle of the bastards showed the terribleness of war, 
   the piles of bodies were enormous, 
  that part was actually unrealistic to happen spontaneously during the battle . 
  piles of bodies to appear due to battle alone like that , had only happened in american civil war ( which is from where show creators drew inspiration from ) . 
  but that was only unique to acw , due to musket warfare and american tactics were primary about out-shooting your enemy while bayonet charges were last resort ( compared to european nations , bayonet charges were of huge tactical importance to win a battle ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure he is relatively safe in riverlands . 
  air strikes are rarely accurate . 
  yeah , building a 1000 of ballistas is not that much of an outrageous task . 
  ~ ~ gold was put in same convoy as supplies . 
  as far as we know , both hard burned . 
  with it that most of gold very likely survived the attack . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ also , was n't jaime leading the front of their column ? 
  meaning , every other carriage behind the column survived intact , however are stuck and ca n't be turned around without first beating dany 's forces . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ so in other words , it is very likely most of the gold and supplies survived drogon 's attack , just front column was destroyed to block any attempt to escape in middle of battle . ~ ~, 
  just rewatched the episode , i 'm an idiot . 
  randyll tarly outright stated gold was already in kings landing . 
  although i 'm still certain most of the food supplies survived , only front column got destroyed to block escape with supplies . 
   ` my god , what have we done ? ', 
  won the war , is what they did . 
  saved lives of over a million of allied troops and over 20 million of japanese people ( both of military and civilians ) from operation downfall . 
   in reality lords did n't practice jus prima noctis, 
  in fact , entire `` first night '' concept was a fabricated fiction created by 18th century french revolutionaries . 
  this idea has been debunked by historians since start of 20th century , but sadly idea got popularized by movie braveheart ( movie was released a year before grrm released his first book and very likely influenced him ) . 
  foreshadowing ? 
  actually grrm claimed he 'd be able to finish the series before tv show would start . 
  which he failed to do , in fact he released a dance with dragons a month after season 1 was finished . 
  i 'm pretty sure last year american elections proven nothing is safe . 
  it was military that ruled japan , not hirohito . 
  and there was an attempted coup once hirohito announced surrender after second atom bomb dropped . 
  coup failed to gather enough support , so it 's leaders committed suicide then to face surrender . 
  before bombs were dropped , japan wanted to have peace , but while keeping all pre-war territories and for japan to prosecute their own military officers for committing war crimes . 
  allied nations rejected those terms , as with those terms japan would have gotten off far more easy then germany did after ww1 . 
  that 's outright false . 
  japanese military leadership was ready to overthrow hirohito if he accepted unconditional surrender . 
  in fact they did attempted the coup , but it failed due to 2nd atomic bomb drop . 
  simply because they fallen on american bluff they they thousands of atom bombs , even though in reality that was their last one and us was capable to build only one atomic bomb per month . 
  if it were n't for that pretence , japan would have still continued fighting to get peace with status quo result . 
  hell , this is why japan did n't surrender after first bomb dropped !, 
  everyone in japan thought that was the only bomb us produced , up until 2nd one was dropped . 
  japan 's leadership was insane and they were willing to throw away over 20 million of their people 's lives just to make it too bloody for allies to enforce unconditional surrender . 
  president truman actually considered that , but was talked out by his advisors as that way was too risky to expose their secret weapon without actually causing japan to surrender . 
  what else us should have done ? 
  operational downfall would have caused far more deaths on both sides . 
  starvation blockade would have spared allied lives , but far more would have died in japan then from atomic bombs . 
  however that would have extended the war for far longer too , and world economy was on verge of collapse if war was n't finished quickly . 
  which would have cause a lot more suffering worldwide , especially in europe where there was a complete breakdown of rule and law already , which without marshall plan would have cause a complete anarchy even with allied and soviet military presence .
