  on television , in parliament , and in the streets , bilingual discussions are commonplace . 
   mr. putin seems to have genuinely believed that ukraine was yugoslavia , and that his forces would be warmly welcomed by at least half of the country . 
  as leonid d. kuchma , a former president of ukraine and once a senior member of the soviet military-industrial complex , told me : `` his advisers must have thought they would be met in eastern ukraine with flowers as liberators . 
  the reality is 180 degrees opposite . '', 
  that was different type of stupid from putin from what i was referring to originally . 
  but yeah , still as stupid . 
  thankfully it 's biting him in the ass , so i can get some comfort in that . 
   nearly every yugoslav republic has committed crimes against humanity, 
  no , it has n't . 
  no other state by serbia organized and committed those atrocities on , not just any , but the highest government positions . 
  that 's golden !, 
  time for me to get drunk for first time in life . 
  so , nobody from svoboda party ? 
  ooooh right , svoboda means freedom . 
  shit , it confused a bit . 
  well , less then 2 % would people vote for him . 
  do n't even join that joke of union . 
  accept only trade deals with it , but nothing else . 
  australia can use a revolution , without fears of losing territory from ... eh , uk i guess ? 
  ah , so that explains why putin is not listening to his ruling oligarchy to stop invasion of crimea . 
  but our neighbors are totally fascists !, 
  they can join nato without taking part of eu . 
  except that the parliament , who 's still mostly lead by party of regions , impeached the ousted president and passed new early elections . 
  they were no coup in the parliament , mostly the same people still lead it . 
  just that president 's party members and allies abandoned him . 
  guy was being tyrannical mass murderer , you really expect for ukrainians too be 100 % by law get rid of him ? 
  this was the cleanest and most lawful possible way to get rid of him , as he refused to step down . 
  well finland is in eu , so despite not being part of nato it should still get it just for being in eu . 
  investigation about snipers is still ongoing , so ca n't comment on that . 
   noooooo , that 'd be impeachment or thing i like to call elections . 
  and he did got impeached and elections are coming up . 
   there was also a suggestion that we have some sort of policy when it comes to post titles that includes the proper use of grammar, 
  if that comes up , do elaborate into no bad grammar on purpose . 
  while i know english really well , i still struggle with grammar . 
   guess who really is committed in ukraine ? 
  majority of those people are n't taking part of svoboda party . 
  heck , there was polling on presidency candidacy and svoboda party candidate has less then 2 % support . 
  they 're not even close to what nazis ... no , golden dawn did in greece . 
  they 're even behind those assholes . 
  nedaj investicije !, 
  nedaj !!, 
  we 're talking about merkel here . 
  if you 're gon na put article on english titles , please put it on [ web translator ] ( http://itools.com/tool/google-translate-web-page-translator ) . 
  here 's [ link ] ( http://www.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;ie=utf8&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2flife.pravda.com.ua%2fsociety%2f2014%2f03%2f14%2f157566%2f ) to translated article . 
  hopefully mccaine will be right for once . 
  it now says it 's oleksandr turchynov . 
  this ai n't beating , this is shoving her down . 
  still it 's pretty bad and that guy that showed her is a giant cunt , but title is still misleading . 
  they 're merely waiting for us to drag itself in war with russia over ukraine . 
  then they 'll strike and rise again !, 
   the zoo site will be transformed into a recreational park with domestic animals , a kids ' playground and a botanic garden , deputy mayor kovacevic said . 
   the current croatian government , which does not have a nationalist background , found itself unable to drop the genocide claim for fear of being branded as weak by the opposition . 
  my guess is lost causer season ended for a short while . 
  i know that very well . 
  my grand grandmother broke her hip for similar reasons too . 
  i 'm not denying this is very dangerous for a person of such age , but misleading title is still misleading . 
  i do have very little money on my card , but i have quite a bit on paypal that my friend gifted to me . 
  and yeah , i authorized everything on paypal ( it took an entire month ) . 
  i did tried to buy it directly first , which failed , then went to buy steam wallet money instead , which failed for same reason . 
  it did in one of my europa universalis playthrough . 
  this same sort of people say when usa enforced embargo against japan during ww2 , that was an act of war too . 
  yeah , i did n't need sleep tonight anyway . 
  croatian nationalism moist glorious !, 
  \u0160okatno ? 
  actually this was the time it was good they talked . 
  they merely shown embarrassment on what foreigners observed this joke of referendum . 
  very much true . 
  i 'll also add milo\u0161evi\u0107 's propaganda of new anti-antisemitism rise in croatia was pretty bad an obvious ( his propaganda in general was pathetic ) . 
  as well he attempted and failed horribly a false flag operation on bombing the jewish synagogue in middle of capital city zagreb , as to show rise of croatian neo-nazism . 
  it backfired so hard , croatian jews then instead given full support to croatian independence efforts and given a public speech with president tu\u0111man . 
  i would be surprised if putin does n't do something similar , while being lot more successful then milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  they did n't recognize referendum , yet . 
  dunno , belarus recognized ukrainian sovereign territory during the crisis . 
  why croatia and slovenia ai n't colored ? 
  they 're both in eu . 
  good ol' onion !, 
  let 's just all forget that russia committed mass colonizations all over europe and asia . 
  no , no , only evil westerns did that to americas and africa . 
  russia was always this big . 
  premeditated strike . 
  well russian blatant act of war has to be answered . 
  well this is one time you can say fascist committed some kind of coup in ukraine . 
  usa is still an only superpower with huge economy that can back even bigger army , which is already huge . 
  us has simply embarrassed itself on it 's fuck ups in middle east , since they were too conventional there . 
  russia is simply shooting itself to foot with this actions , as they 're nowhere near it 's ussr glory days . 
  yeah , what a clown . 
  and i truly adore that segment as vice reporters did n't issue a word on that clown harassing them nor it was heavily much either . 
  no comment was needed , anyway . 
  total clown . 
  serbia is , however , trying to join eu . 
  and nato joining is also a possibility . 
  now if only veto power did n't exist ... 
  oh yeah , it 's not like serbs were n't oppressing and ethnically cleansing albanians in kosovo , which warranted it 's legitimacy for separation and independence . 
  9/11 happen in a matter of one day , this workers deaths happen in matter of years . 
  exactly . 
   mp who is in charge of free speech, 
  how are you in charge of that ? 
  and ai n't he just member of parliament , not a minister ? 
  oh and this is old news , it 's be added days ago on this subreddit and many other ones . 
  and that mp is now under criminal investigation , for that crime he was dumb enough to record and show to public .
