  we 're screwed . 
  this is our golden generation , wasted by terrible coach and management . 
  nah , it would be 50/50 split . 
  can they keep it this time ? 
  jaime hates tyrion after him killing tywin . 
  in season 5 , jaime outright said to bronn he would kill tyrion if he had seen him ever again . 
  why would tyrion hate jaime ? 
  jaime has reasons to hate him , but not vice versa . 
  what the hell ?!, 
  isil is your biggest threat , why the fuck open the second front against faction that is content with cease-fire ?!, 
  this makes no strategic nor tactical sense . 
  man , iraqis are winning this much faster then i expected . 
  good work !, 
  for that to happen 2 out of these 5 things have to happen :, 
  czech and turkey have to draw, 
  portugal has to lose to hungary , austria to lose or draw to iceland, 
  sweden to lose or draw to belgium and ireland to lose or draw to italy . 
  northern ireland has to germany with least 4 goals difference, 
  russia has to lose or draw to wales and slovakia has to lose 3 goals difference to england, 
  how can talibans still put up the fight after experiencing such firepower since 2001 ? 
  and yet they 're still heavily behind the schedule . 
  not really , he completely friendly fired his entire calvary force . 
  he needed that calvary to defeat starks , instead he completely destroyed it and simply lucked out on starks charging into his another trap . 
  if starks had pulled back for a little bit , boltons would have been stuck in disadvantageous stalemate as he was low on arrows by that point and stark archers did n't fire a single shot yet . 
  in this battle , both boltons and starks had tactically royally fucked up . 
  ramsey was playing a game , not leading a battle . 
  if starks did n't screwed up with charging too far and too compact , ramsey would have been screwed . 
  and even with not knowing knights of vales were to save them , he should have expected there might have been some sort of reserve force from starks to attack their spearmen from rear . 
  always expect the unexpected . 
  both jon and ramsey messed up and their men paid that price heavily . 
  it would have been a crime if they screwed up this episode . 
  also season 5 was pretty damn weak and suffered from poor writing as well , yet hardhome was the best episode in entire show . 
   ramsay didnt need to worry about stark archers as he had an obviously superior ranged force . 
  how was that obvious ? 
  it seemed both sides had same range with their archers . 
  and yet again , bolton archers were running low on arrows as they friendly fired their calvary , their most important units . 
  ramsey was playing his games , not leading a battle . 
  he wasted his men despite numerical and quality advantage . 
  and while i 'm at it , for what did he do this all ? 
  scaring off remaining nobles without having an army anymore ? 
  you know that lannister army wo n't be spend force forever and his army as well his allies armies are now a spend force . 
  if starks had failed in that battle , lannisters would come knocking boltons down not long after . 
  ramsey is a completely tactical and strategist failure . 
  bolt who ? 
  i never heard of that house . 
  did forresters made those shields for mormonts ? 
  and the fucking whitehills especially !, 
  who is that person ? 
  a `` strategic genius '' that got most of his army destroyed completely even if he won that battle . 
  except he sacrificed his most valuable unit in his army . 
  for what ? 
  to destroy stark 's small calvary ? 
  ramsey 's tactic was completely cost ineffective . 
  and let 's not forget boltons are in conflict with the crown and lannisters . 
  ramsey needed an army to deal with future lannister invasion . 
  instead he wasted his men so he can play his games instead . 
  not if they used ships to go around moat calin . 
  ... then he should go for quick and decisive victory , not to play his games to terrorize stark army and slowly kill them off . 
  brilliant , kill off your only loyal ally !, 
  well dreadfort is vacant now . 
   it 's like he told sansa , `` i 'll always be with you '' . 
  no matter how dead he , his name , his house is , what he 's done to people stays in their minds . 
  they 'll never forget the horrid shit done to them by his hands, 
  about who are you talking about ? 
  who is that ? 
  she sounds dornish . 
  phew , i was worried mellisandra was in trouble . 
  uskok is just waiting to jump on mami\u0107 again . 
  and next time , hdz wo n't protect him . 
  they already did arrested him once and he 's still under criminal investigation . 
  his days are numbered . 
  did n't you know ? 
  all types of socialism are bad !, 
  pretty sure he did n't plan to marry her until after catelyn died . 
  those are mostly shields down there . 
  i hope varys plots with house yronwood to depose sand snakes bastards by killing them all off . 
  i think it 's because mark is pro-rebel source . 
  we 're falcons !, 
  stop resisting !, 
  * stab * * stab * * stab * * stab *, 
  send him home after today 's match though . 
  wait , first one i seen was much shorter . 
  game of thrones . 
  because jon was too physically and mentally exhausted after the battle . 
  they will have the talk in season finale , however . 
  you 're absolutely wrong . 
  i am following ukrainian war and syrian civil war for past 2 years and war is still completely brutal and agonizing to soldiers . 
  ones still stuck in cold war mentality where military strategist still thought terror bombing the best effective strategy . 
  because for these people the most brutal strategy is the most effective strategy , no matter the context . 
  it more has to do they were completely flanked from the back by cavalry . 
  nobody can fight after that , they were defeat . 
  meanwhile , stark 's army was routing and trying to escape encirclement instead . 
  it was stark 's army that broke first , not the ... eh , whatever that house name was . 
  i ca n't remember . 
  can iwan yell though ? 
  cause that 's required for hitler role , to know how to yell . 
  yes , but isil also has history of exaggerating their offensive successes . 
  so both parties are completely untrustworthy with their claims . 
  nah , they saved starks . 
  i meant other house , one they fought .
