  thanks obama !, 
  she was not amused by his stunt . 
  off with his head !, 
  that 's for heading to space before poland !!!, 
  go space , go kebab !, 
  do n't they ever get bored of doing the same thing over and over again ? 
  actually , group of some satanists did that already not too long ago . 
  idiots like this are making me consider to go agnostic . 
  ex-yugoslavs know your feelings , syria . 
  well , they did at least free kosovo of serbian annihilation . 
  at unnecessary big civilian cost on serbs , though at least they accomplished something unlike un . 
  hah , nice detail on usa ~ ~ stalking ~ ~ ~ ~ spying ~ ~ observing behind that window . 
  yet , they 're moving to that one town that has one black guy . 
  well , you 'd still be better then that army accepting the bribe . 
  nah , just chinese immigrants taking your jobs . 
  though think about it . 
  why would they play a game that is about their job ? 
  it 's lot more boring and nothing it produced . 
  hmh , someone should remind them hitler actually hugely loosen gun control in germany . 
  one that was forced upon germany by versailles treaty . 
  croatian population is dropping for last decade . 
  lot 's of people are immigrating elsewhere , less children born and a lot of people stay to live with their parents . 
  do n't tempt my smugness . 
  and they said balkans were bad ... 
  i 'd be hugely happy if they manage to pull of some dlc where you can play as slavic hordes . 
  cause slavs should get some love too , besides russians only . 
  very nice . 
  one incorrect thing there . 
  like serbs were n't largely communist , in fact they were mostly for the monarchy until communist partisans started to have major victories against axis . 
  in fact there were chetniks , serb ultranationalist that were loyal to the crown . 
  though they never were in contact with the king and they often time collaborated with the axis occupiers since they hated communists more then fascists , while also did their fair of ethnic cleansing of croats and bosniaks . 
  their collaboration with axis soon led them to be removed from list of allies and get replaced by communist partisans , late in war . 
  also on communist partisans , they were founded by croatian communists and led by croatian josip broz tito ( though he considers himself a yugoslavian , possibly true for most of his first followers ) , though it did n't took long to get lot 's of serbs to join their partisan group , for several obvious reasons and major ones you already mentioned . 
  but confederates had great music !, 
  so a very short lived anarchist government , then . 
  well it was unique , due to military tactics being tad outdated to then 's technology . 
  that was main reason of huge casualties in american civil war . 
  and boy that went way worse for word war one . 
  no , they still try to blame video games . 
  like with anders from oslo bombing and massacre , they tried so hard to apply his world of warcraft hundreds of hours of gaming as his training tool . 
  even that shithead with retard ideology , said those claims are just stupid and declined it was part of his training . 
  btw , us media was not alone in that stupid reporting . 
  european outlets are also very guilty for scapegoating video games . 
  too cheesy , but ...  :-d, 
  wow , did n't knew it went that bad . 
  thanks for that rant , i learned something new today , my good sir . 
  or ma'am . 
  ah , thx for that correction . 
  gun control advocates come along no matter who committed and any kind of gun related incident . 
  dude , there are many youtubers that are doing much better and properly research video series on educating people on , well , anything . 
  and they never asked people for money like her and they are doing it on regular schedule ( once a week , 2 weeks , a month ) , while she takes over a year and half to make 3 videos where she mostly takes footage of other people 's walkthrough 's on youtube , while spouting propaganda with poor research done . 
  there 's no excuse how she 's dealing with her video series . 
  ah , so like me 90 % of times when called to assist in war by an ally . 
  yeah , unless it holds my interest i wo n't bother sending my troops . 
  plus half the time they 'll deal with it well alone or with other allies . 
  so for most part , i gain more by not bothering to help . 
  yeah , he pretty much was . 
  glenn beck go home , you 're drunk . 
  and more people carrying guns those better guns that were also trained to use them . 
  so yeah , at best jews could have assassinated hitler . 
  which they tried many times , every time failed . 
  i truly do n't understand why most of my `` fellow '' pro-lifers are so anti-birth control . 
  well that 's one of the reasons for other 10 % i go out of my way to actually assist in war . 
  i think we passed the point of `` american people do n't count '' to , not just to president , but to entire us government ages ago . 
  hah , you low ranking member !, 
  i passed from imaginary world power to virtual one long time ago !, 
  hmh , good point . 
  because nasa orchestrated whole thing . 
  even obama is a communist ( every actual socialist and communist dies of laughter , when hearing that ) , why would he let very conservative russia to take it over ? 
  while he 's still bloating us military budget , i should add . 
  i get the feeling my balkan neighbors are neglecting me . 
  what happen in 1916 ? 
  well that was not a very nice easter , to say at least . 
  and it 's austria-croatia , not austria-hungary !, 
  ok , i 'm confused . 
  is this a satire or actually conspiracy theory ? 
  cause stupidity of many cp 's makes satire hard to make without looking legit . 
  ah , never mind . 
  just checked the channel and it 's a satire . 
  phew !, 
  and to be free of charges , you need to remove the wanted posters that are posted on the top of the church . 
  eh , in new vegas they actually know about you and your actions . 
  where and who said that stupidity ? 
  ah ign , scarring off people to buy old games since ever . 
  santorum , gingrich , perry and ryan already implied they 'll run for 2016 . 
  well , in real life of pre-19th century . 
  after 19th century , especially ins 20th century , national identity came first . 
  nah , it 's just a flesh wound . 
  why is r/conspiracy even siding with hungary ? 
  country is slowly becoming more and more oppressive and totalitarian . 
  whole eu is panicking what hungary is pulling . 
  `` that 's usual stuff there ( the decapitating pedos not the weed request ) . '', 
  welp . 
  10 minutes left right ? 
  i 'm awake since 6:30 am !, 
  now it 's 8:40 am for me . 
  game is unpacking for me !!!, 
  i can feel playing the game , already !!, 
  unpacking is done !!!, 
  time for conquest !!,
