  really ?!, 
  i had no idea . 
  without context , that anonymous ask is a bit of a dick too . 
  yeah , sure , netherlands will give a shit what unrecognized state demands . 
  also they 're de facto part of russia and consider themselves part of russia , so even with that their threats mean shit . 
  za pohvalit ? 
  * facepalm *, 
  that 's what they want for you to think !, 
  since it is nato , i think they just ca n't wait to mass an army to become actually relevant again . 
  because separatists grossly miscalculated their position . 
  they thought kiev will do jackshit like in crimea and just let russian military to roll in to `` liberate '' them . 
  successful and bloodless recapture of government buildings in kharkiv , scared off separatists by a lot in donetsk and maybe in luhansk too . 
  kiev needs to recapture those buildings and bring back peace and order , but without shedding blood . 
  so they have to play it safe without being inactive . 
  they liberated kharkiv so far , while donetks looks to be next in line by today or tomorrow . 
  crimea . 
  they wo n't . 
  in donetsk , not only most residents , most separatists reject the self-proclaimed people 's republic . 
  unlike in crimea , ukranian russians in eastern ukraine want to avoid any military presence and even more so a war . 
  hence why there 's a huge push to make ukraine a federation and give eastern ukraine more autonomy , as a way to get means to legally and peacefully secede . 
  however , thugs that taken over those buildings are quite impatient apparently . 
  and do n't want to take chances in possibility residents there actually changing their mind on whole secessions thing . 
  ultranationalist party . 
  well this is nothing new from ukraine . 
  every year they have at least one fight in parliament , for one reason or another . 
  no , it means even hitler hates obamacare . 
  basically , obama is worse then hitler !, 
  this chart is a giant mess yet it barely has anything on it . 
  russia is still stuck in pre-20th century mentality , unlike france and uk . 
  i 'm talking about not being stuck in past on hating it 's former enemies and trying to reclaim it 's former glories . 
  i try to do survey , in middle of it i accidentally pressed enter , went back , could n't access when returned , could n't access when went to front , i raged and quit . 
  al ' neeeee !, 
  at we got juicy revenge by kicking out turkey from euro 2012 , during qualification play off . 
  if that happens , imagine the mass riots in brazil afterwards . 
  because that 's main reason why there are pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine ? 
  until russia invaded crimea , nobody in eastern ukraine thought of leaving . 
  until that point , everyone thought there would be a civil war between euromaidan western ukraine and yanukovich 's eastern ukraine . 
  so yeah , crimean crisis completely changed the narrative of ukrainian revolution . 
  russia ca n't get it 's former glory , without crossing nato . 
  ukraine is just one step before getting to baltic states and poland . 
  nato wo n't allow that , as much as putin deludes himself that westerns are too corrupt to care for it 's treaties . 
  and russia does n't stand a chance against combined forces of nato , in offensive war at least . 
  france in other hand realized it 's former glory days were gone since ww2 and mass decolonization . 
  their wars in middle east are n't attempts to recolonized those countries , but to show they 're still a great power and can have it 's own sphere of influences , independent from the usa and eu . 
  are they right or not in that , i ca n't say as i 'm not too knowledgeable on french foreign affairs . 
  but i do know for certain , france ai n't stuck in the past . 
  and what misery russia got from `` befriending '' it 's former enemies ? 
  they got nothing but economic growth , technological advances and military modernization from doing that . 
  if the western nations let russia to rot after ussr collapse , then russians would feel true misery of it 's incompetent , corrupt and deluded leadership . 
  define sympathized . 
  cause being pro-russian , does n't mean you 're pro-russian separatist . 
  jako sam optimisti\u010dan . 
  do\u0107i do finala ? 
  ali je realno to o\u010dekivati do\u0107i do finala . 
   knew that their economic prosperity lay with russia, 
  outside moscow and st. petersburg , russian economy is a giant joke . 
   no it does not mean separatist . 
  what you 're being shown ( as usual ) are extreme manifestations , because that is what makes news ( and propaganda ) . 
  right , because those pro-russian separatist taking over governments and forming own people 's republic ? 
  total lie !, 
   there are hundreds of people who voice their opinion by peacefully standing in a square as a sign of protest . 
  well residents in donetsk are disowning this self-proclaimed republic and reject the referendum for independence , so that is very much true . 
  majority there wants to make ukraine into federation and get autonomy , not go independent or be annexed by russia . 
   when the powers that be send in police to break up these protests its completely natural to expect the extremists to react . 
  except no pro-russian protests has ever been silenced in entire ukraine . 
  radical separatist still went ahead to storm government buildings and create own people 's republic , while also storming police armory and getting shit ton of weapons . 
  this is where ukraine police starts to break up something , an armed insurgency . 
  and damn are they trying hard to not shed even a drop of blood . 
  this is reddit !, 
  ofcourse everything hitler hates is a bad thing !, 
  he loved dogs , for thor 's sake !, 
  quite a number is an understatement . 
  nearly every working age male tatar went to fight for the red army , leaving only the elderly , children and women . 
  they were not capable to resist the nazi occupiers , after occupation of nearly entire crimea . 
  stalin , for being a stalin , decided to use that as excuse to banish tatars from their homes . 
  even those who were fighting for the ussr and survived were sent to exile , once their military service ended . 
  what a giant ungrateful cunt . 
   you killed my ancestors !!!, 
  germans are the last people to complain about that one . 
  [ originalni thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/22lszy/a_map_of_european_genetics_986x1118/ ) . 
  really strange croats are the most genetically slavic . 
  he 's updating it ? 
  why is he relevant ? 
  well according to the diagrams , croats take a big chunk of r1a ( slavic , kurgan , aryan ) and i2a ( south slavic , sardinian ) genes . 
  while all eastern slavs have huge chunk of r1a , they barely have any i2a . 
  so in that way , croats are the most slavs . 
  which i find amusing . 
  but what 's more amusing is that nations hitler tried to exterminate are the most genetically aryan , while germans are barely aryan . 
  that 's hilarious to me . 
  eastern europe liberated itself . 
  and all , but belarus and ukraine , even joined nato and eu . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  oh and moldavia did n't joined eu nor nato . 
  who would n't be upset if someone puts nukes near your country ? 
  well invasion of ussr after ww2 was out of the question . 
  and this conversation started over ussr collapse in 1990 's , in which eastern european nations separated from ussr on their own . 
  what about moldova ? 
   a nonpartisan group like nato ( but less inept ) should step in, 
  hmh , what other it is ? 
  united nations ?
