  i 'm rather surprised they did n't met any real resistance in both places . 
  [ there is battle for village sahanka ] ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/azov.regiment/permalink/1055748644452200/ ) . 
  hopefully ukraine army will also follow the suit with azov , so that azov does n't get trapped in any possible counter-offensive from pro-russian forces . 
   ww1 , france, 
  eh , they helped france from day 1 ? 
  just posting this , because this song is very similiar to croatian '' [ bojna \u010cavoglave / batallion \u010cavoglave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cubcp2wgkyw ) '' , the most famous croatian patriotic song made in 1991 . 
   `` yesterday we processed 90 people . 
  this morning about 50 are being processed right now '', 
  now that 's pathetically low number . 
  assuming minsk agreement was respected by either side . 
  or it just means autonomy . 
   the state should not dictate the citizens what language to speak, 
  croatia only has one official language , croatian . 
  serbs and italians are still allowed to speak their language , have schools primary to their native language and name their villages and towns on own language if they make up majority of population ( if 1/3 of population , it 's dual with croatian and their native ) and etc. 
  having only one state language does n't by default into oppressing minority languages . 
  editorialized title . 
  seems appropriate , lavrov only talks gibberish . 
  it 's perfect for hoxton breakout . 
  i went quickly on liveuamap minutes ago and just noticed this major advancement . 
  i have n't heard any other news from today beyond them still being stuck at that village due to pro-russian resistance and lack of fuel to continue advance . 
  now , all of the sudden , they went more forward . 
  no news , not even on livueuamap there 's explanation . 
  last news from there is from 12 hours ago , while azov was still trying to take control of sahanka . 
  oh nice , they did bring in tanks . 
  i was worried they advanced without any heavy weaponry . 
  though i do find some scenes worrisome , where they are just in large groups in small area . 
  they 'd would have been an easy target for artillery . 
  though i 'm just armchair general . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  what ? 
   corrupt, 
  somehow not bothered with romania , bulgaria and greece . 
   nationalistic, 
  like most european countries ? 
   violent, 
  they have n't had a fight for several months in the parliament , i think they 're improving on that part . 
  past shelling of maripoul and fighting in those place to be captured says otherwise . 
  hitler was actually making good decisions until late 1943 , when he slowly started to lose his sanity due to losing on every single front . 
  nah , we just moved to fight over ukraine . 
  [ much smaller compared to liveuamap ] ( http://i.imgur.com/usgjhod.png ) . 
  hopefully , isis and assad have to be removed . 
  are you seriously threatening kurds with genocide , if they refuse to submit ? 
  that 's freedom of speech in usa . 
  meanwhile their opposition is allowed to do the same . 
  no state nor federal police will go and arrest them for being an opposition to warmongering racists . 
  or , or , how about mask materials stop so damn being terrible and are to be bought with money instead of getting spammed a same goddamn ugly mask material instead of getting tommy gun weapons mods i want to get goddamn already . 
  surprisingly , i have yet to get `` wind of change '' achievement . 
  you better be !, 
  now gib money plox . 
  old one was a massive failure and new one has n't been tested at all . 
  well i filled it , ca n't wait to see results . 
  ajd prestani slu\u0161ati russia today . 
  crimea is very far from maripoul and invasion from crimea means russian declaration of war with ukraine . 
  i watched it on one one of evening news in croatia . 
  well guy derped on part on no foreign eu fighters in ukraine . 
  ahem , `` progressive '' `` game '' sites . 
  i knew it . 
  if they ca n't capture debaltseve , cease fire will be abandoned . 
  after this , no negotiations should be allowed unless it 's an unconditional surrender by pro-russian forces . 
  war is far from anyone losing nor winning it . 
  great european war ? 
  war against russian aggression ? 
  war for ukraine ? 
  eastern european war ? 
   i guess syria and north korea are sort of allies , though . 
  the best allies !, 
   belarus has already shown its disloyal and wants the west . 
  no , belarus only wants itself . 
  it does n't care for russia nor the west , just for it 's own well being . 
  merkel does n't exactly have good judgement record , like she and most germans think . 
   possibly some of the brics countries allying with russia, 
  no , not a chance . 
  nobody gains anything with going to war against nato with russia . 
  especially since there is no formal alliance with russia and any country . 
  russia will escalate no matter what , so she 's a massive fool to not assist ukraine to defend itself . 
  they thought same for croatia in 1990 's . 
  yet diplomacy failed to stop milo\u0161evi\u0107 , sure as hell is failing to stop putin . 
  arming and training ukraine army is only way to end conflict and to stop putin 's ambitions . 
   serbia was not into intervening to help the rsk . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
  what was the picture ? 
   apart from vukovar, 
  that 's a major battle to just glanced off . 
  and big portion of eastern slavonia was under occupation by jna . 
  i think the answer was a no . 
  no , otherwise situation would have normalized since first minsk agreement . 
  putin is not interested in another typical frozen conflict , it seems . 
  putin could have gained frozen conflict there and then , avoiding tougher sanctions . 
  instead , he continues to escalate . 
  that 's overly optimistic of you . 
  they said they will return fire , if pro-russian forces attack . 
  first cease fire was one sides where pro-russian forces fired at ukrainian defenses while ukraine soldiers did n't fired back at all . 
  they simply promised they wo n't repeat same one sided cease fire . 
  liberators , ladies and gentleman !, 
  well that senator is an idiot . 
  unlike dpr , russia has rule of law . 
  it was n't even them , it was a us senator that did a shitty job in research . 
  nah , they 're sending those manuals after mh17 inconvenience . 
  there is a small valley that is still under ukraine control and supplies can still go through . 
  main road however is under pro-russian control and they denied osce to cross .
