  as in , pretty much entire california was under spanish rule . 
  he might as well claim entire usa must be returned back to russia , with that sort of insane standards . 
  mourning for lenin ? 
  this people are nuts . 
  oh yeah , cause president poroshenko , russian-speaking ukrainian , and an army , which is at least 1/3 russian speaking , would totally allow such thing, 
  a guy in 20th century that subscribed to ideology that opposes monstrous and imperialistic acts , kinda does n't get off the hook like that . 
  putin ? 
   correct . 
  the whole reddit is western ( i think 80-90 % of users are american ), 
  however , there are more europeans then americans in this subreddit . 
  issue is , russia wanted to have equal amount of power as entire nato , while being part of nato . 
  they basically ca n't stand the fact they ca n't call the shots for worldwide issues . 
   nope . 
  putin 's strategic goal was to improve relations between russia and europe . 
  well , he 's doing a real great job with that . 
  while it does n't justifies those brutal acts by radical ukranians , it does give a context what provoked them to act like that . 
  japan was utterly useless ally to third reich and in fact made it worse for them cause it made usa to intervene in europe and north africa . 
  briliant !, 
   it was pretty effective at the beginning , though . 
  not even then . 
  japan and german did n't assist one another at all , especially since japan respected non-aggression act with ussr . 
  there was no assistance in research and weapons development with one another , either . 
  alliance only existed on ideological basis , but had no strategic value for either side . 
  because they 're utterly incompetent even at being dictatorial oppressive regime . 
   unless there will be serious changes in police and judging system . 
  ukraine desperately needs to reform those . 
  those two are utterly pathetic and corrupt . 
  however , such reforms will need to be implemented fast , while first positive effects wo n't appear for a while then . 
  and such reforms wont ' even be discussed until new elections are done , which would fully legitimize ukraine 's new regime and get rid off most of putin 's sympathizers ( primary party of regions and `` communist '' party ) . 
  nato was never truly put to the test in any defensive war , so the doubt exists . 
  however nato would the most likely intervene to defend them , otherwise usa 's entire foreign policy would collapse and lose all international credibility , as well as entire nato would seize to exist . 
  they 'll be removed by people not voting for them in next elections , is what i meant . 
   there , i fixed it, 
  democratic party is more conservative then most european conservative parties , it 's just that republican party is run by really crazy people . 
  who 's that ? 
  i thought i knew all of bioware edmonton and bioware montreal major individuals by their names , but never heard of that guy . 
  china ai n't marxists country for ages , instead have some sort of pseudo-capitalist system . 
  also cultural marxists have very little to do with marxism , despite claiming the otherwise . 
  even marxism has barely anything to do what karl marx had actually stand for , while i 'm at it . 
  holy land . 
  for jews it 's promised land . 
  basically , journalists were calling out gamers for being `` entitled '' and defended casey hudson 's `` artistic integrity '' . 
  boy those were the days . 
   the journo side who acted like dragon age 2 was the rpg of the decade . 
  only one site dropped that bomb . 
   this is like one of the few actual progressive voices ( outside of several liberals in this subreddit ), 
  recent survey done through political compass test revealed majority of gamergate supporters are liberals and progressives . 
   that 's when they 'll drop the hammer on this sub and then the news stories will hit about it and how reddit is cleaning up misogyny . 
  meanwhile , actual misogynistic subreddits will remain to exist . 
  and your point is ? 
  why should a state kill someone that was already in position to no longer be able to harm anyone , i.e. 
  in prison ? 
  executions also fail to reduce any crimes and they only seem to serve purpose to give some sort of revenge satisfaction to the victims and/or people close to victims . 
  and that 's a problem with executions , they serve no practical purposes and only give terrible effect to society to be fine with government being a hitman to satisfy terrible need for revenge . 
  basically it 's just immoral , unethical and serves no practical purpose . 
  turkey hates any idea of kurdish independence . 
  turkey is one of the most important members of nato . 
  there has never been a case of dangerous criminal or terrorist escaping prison . 
   capturing and executing a large amount of enemies may actually put an end to an war . 
  that 's what hitler and hirohito thought . 
  it backfired hard . 
  mass executions never work unless you genocide the entire population to extinction . 
  alright , do dig it up . 
  would be an interesting to read . 
  and lacks russian minorities . 
  difference is that jihadist suicide attacks and japaneses kamikaze are planned strategic and tactical plan created by state/military/organization , while this situation was an improvisation done out of pure desperation by individual ( s ) during already heated combat scenario . 
  so basically , russian aggression revived nato . 
  adapt to what ? 
  their main source of income is illegal drug trade . 
  if it become legal , they 'll pretty much lost most of their income and wo n't be capable to have vastly rich lives and own well equipped and trained private armies . 
  they already are doing . 
  ukraine army donetsk airport is under constant russian shelling and attacks , as well other places ( especially around maripoul ) , get 's often shelled by russians . 
  since when is mexico a post-apocalyptic country ? 
  their illegal work wo n't be sustainable anymore . 
  legal drug trade would be far safer to be done , they 'll be highly profitable , they can be done in safe places and etc. 
  also any legal drug company in mexico would likely get rich enough rather fast to hire own security and get proper protection from police just for being rich assholes , so cartels wo n't be able to do major damage on their business while their illegal work will just crumble down . 
  so cartels are gon na get royally fucked and them trying to eliminate legal drug trade competition , by just killing them , would be doomed to failure . 
  if they go legal , no fucking way they 'll be able eliminate their competition by just killing them . 
  they can easily do white collar crime from now then , but mass killings nor assassinations would be highly impractical and destructive to their business , from that point . 
  look at those secret detaining going and right of free speech banned all over europe . 
  oh wait , it 's not happening , cause unrestricted gun rights do jack fucking shit to protect people 's freedoms . 
  if that 's the case , then how the hell am i able to post right now ? 
  south korea does n't have nukes and north korea has no capability to launch their nukes without being quickly shot down by us air-force . 
  nk 's true strength is their convectional artillery aiming at sk 's capital seoul . 
  they can do major damage to the capital , before usa-sk-japan forces are able retaliate and destroy all artillery placements at the border . 
  they can make swords and knives , so that definitely puts them into iron age . 
  i think ussr/russia takes the rest . 
  except those 200 million have no training , likely have no will to get killed , likely many of those would also side with the government and that in history of mankind there was never been a record of successful rebellion done purely by it 's citizens without being organized by other rebelling politicians and military personal . 
  face it , average joe has no will to fight the government even if he/she owns giant arsenal of weapons , without support and organization of someone who knows and is capable to do such thing . 
  well this is my first entry as i made a mistake to comment in / r/worldnews . 
  oh boy , [ the replies i got ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2if8m2/new_proposal_would_allow_australian_intelligence/cl1xq0x ) . 
  dunno , i think japan would give at very least logistical support . 
  it would be improvement , isis 's flag is so generically boring . 
  totalbuiscuit does n't like to be called reviewer nor journalist , though . 
  then cyprus should be fully part of eu . 
  they know how to use guns , they do n't know how to fight a war . 
  well , let 's forget about whole things about tanks , helicopters , jets , logistics , communications , strategy , tactics , morale and etc. 
  you only need shit ton of people with guns and you win . 
  here 's a thing . 
  us strategy was n't to conquer iraq nor afghanistan .
