  along with nazi germany propaganda that made germany look like they were much bigger and stronger ( both french and british intelligence had severely overestimated germany ) , france was just cripplingly ill prepared to fight in modern war of 1940 's . 
  now you 're just being melodramatic . 
  good thing i 'm unemployed , so i do n't need to worry when to go to sleep !, 
  hey now , sending in real army costs a lot of energy credits !, 
  i attack them so my science ships can survey the area . 
  boy did i had a great revenge campaign with my my expeditionary fleet !, 
  you ai n't bullying my scientists anymore , you stupid space cows , mining drones and crystal aliens !, 
  that 's russia in nutshell in past couple of years . 
  wage wars to gain some domestic pr . 
  what a joke . 
  impressive waste of taxpayer money . 
  all of that massive old tanks surplus , for what ? 
  to be a target practice for rebel tow 's and atgm 's ? 
  having mass amount of tanks is useless if you do n't know how to use them . 
  useful in what way ? 
  to be a target for rebel tow and atgm crews to improve their accuracy ? 
  to give isis means to easily walk in iraq and take over most of kobane before the coalition 's airstrikes kicked in ? 
  because these tanks were mostly a liability to regime as regime had no idea how to use tanks nor it could afford to have so much tanks and it completely relied on obsolete cold war doctrine in which tanks win battles . 
  regime should have spend that money to deal with a draught , instead of preparing for hypothetical war with israel . 
  in which , mind you , israel modern army would wipe the floor with their pathetic cold war syrian arab army that ca n't even deal with heavily fractured rebels . 
  yeah , those tanks sure are helpful for regime are they ? 
  would n't be the first time lando nearly got han and chewie killed . 
  it should have been done 8 years ago , but better late then never . 
  at very least they 're not denying war crime had happened , unlike with regime and russia . 
  nevalja ti link . 
  jon and sansa have plenty of reasons already to give slow death to ramsay . 
  one less bolton is all the better . 
  i do n't want for jon to become a white walker then . 
  that 's because mongols were n't naked savages that do n't know nor want to use siege warfare . 
  mongols had a very effective and modern army at the time . 
  their horse archers were the most famous ones and most effective units , but their foot soldiers were fine at their job too and mongols knew well how to commit to siege warfare . 
  as well mongols were n't just pillaging and raping , they were also conquering and installing new administrations . 
  in fact , mongols used their terror tactics to make cities next in line surrender without a fight . 
  which is why mongols conquered most of modern day russia , most cities just surrendered and were treated well by new overlords . 
  mongols pretty much used same strategy like roman empire did , completely annihilate those who fought back while give hospitality to those who bent their knee without a fight . 
  dothraki are more like the huns , then mongols historically speaking . 
  but even then , not as much . 
  it 's pretty wrong to consider dothraki to be equal to mongols or huns , even though they were inspired by both . 
  eeeeh , it 's clear ramsay kills and torture for fun too . 
  and does plenty of stupid decisions , just unlike joffrey he has yet to suffer any consequences . 
  white walkers are not the only folk who ride horses and watch their army fight from afar . 
  i was talking about how white walkers are not exclusive about riding horses and watching battle from a hill . 
   they took and held russia in the wintertime , which is something no other foreign nation has ever been able to do, 
  scandinavian vikings did it . 
  poland did it . 
  imperial germany did it ( although did n't capitalize it due to devastating defeats on western front a year later ) . 
  russian winter being an advantage for russians is a myth . 
  in reality , that same winter is terrible for russians as well . 
  also do dothraki even have calvary archers ? 
  because i have never seen a single calvary archer in the show , which is an iconic unit of the mongols . 
  but he still wants to make cercei to be put on trial for other charges , one of which is incest . 
  she could declare some sort of crusade against a foe that ca n't really be beaten , just to kill off most of dothraki who would cause troubles . 
  it worked well for japan with their failed invasion of china , most of samurai 's died in korea so they would n't cause any more trouble in japan and finally ending a civil war for good . 
  eeeh , maybe not . 
  it only means white walkers get themselves undead dothraki . 
  on the bright side , he did his one and only job with full success . 
  yeah , but would cercei even care at that point ? 
  her last child would die at that point , the only thing she truly cares about . 
  what would happen then ? 
  i assume with soon to come ramsey 's death , they need a new dumb dipshit in show to replace him . 
  well shit , that would piss off daenerys . 
  hair cutting is only for committing incest . 
  will randyll be even more disappointed with sam or actually be proud for him for once ? 
  that is the question . 
  apparently kinslaying , the worse offense in entire westeros , had become a trivial matter . 
  the dorne , never again . 
  after 6 season , i 'm not surprised they wanted to wipe humanity out . 
  well they dun goofed . 
  god , that death scene was a complete waste . 
  it just feels more like show creators want to cut down on direwolf cgi , not to give a meaning to them . 
  seriously , direwolves are wasted in this show and only reason they 're there is because they 're in books . 
   welcome to postwar syria, 
  the war is still ongoing !, 
  he 's neither supporting isis nor assad , so what are you talking about ? 
  i hate you . 
  tower of joy is an enclave of the north !, 
  does n't matter if he 's named as the warden , unless he has means to keep the control of the north . 
  the northerners will reject his rule and the crown will be in no position to assist littlefinger . 
  so reality is , he needs sansa so that the northerners can accept his rule . 
  there 's no way an outsider can control the north either . 
  littlefinger needs a stark to solidify his rule . 
  or some other great northern house , but that 's more tricky . 
  `` is there a cure ? '', 
  `` do i look like a doctor ? '', 
  `` we could burn it . '', 
  `` that 's your solution for everything ! '', 
  lol , briliant !, 
  book readers and show watchers comparison , the best . 
  `` i love this sword . '', 
  `` this sword would never betray me . '', 
  poor , poor ned . 
  that is just complete embarrassment . 
  except regime is in no position to advance towards raqqa . 
  well that 's irrelevant , it 's nothing but cheap domestic propaganda . 
  what , where did you get that ? 
  that would only mean individuals within secret service branch were happy , not that it was encouraged by state government as a whole . 
  high sparrow is the least villainy of the villains in got . 
  why such desire for his death ? 
  there are still worse people just in king 's landing plot then him . 
  well the lannisters put themselves in that hole .
