  we 're fucked . 
  we are so fucked . 
  except it is . 
   meanwhile , 863,000 russian military personnel standing by . 
  was majority who do n't expect to even be considered to be shipped to syria any time soon ? 
  what a joke . 
  obama should have either abandon the whole syrian campaign or focus on assad 's regime along with isis . 
  it is pointless to get rebels to focus on isis when assad 's regime will always be their top priority . 
   despite the huge volume of applications, 
  what a gross fucking lie . 
  refugees are not even considering to stay in austria , why the fuck would they be any demand to stay in middle of nowhere that is nothing but dirt and especially for a `` state '' has no serious international recognition . 
  why do people dislike that mod ? 
  also i could swear i could hear someone screaming in pain near end of video . 
   it really shows how russiophobic western media is . 
  oh please , get your victim complex out of here . 
  except that 's not gon na happen . 
  who 's kim davis ? 
   only shows how long we will need to make the union a relevant player on the international stage, 
  right now i question eu will even exist by next 10-20 years , let alone to be relevant power in international stage . 
  what is vatican supposed to do ? 
  there 's 10 's of thousands of catholic priests worldwide , how is vatican suppose to regulate them all , hell any of them outside vatican itself , without some sort of international religious police being formed to make sure priests are not abusing their positions ? 
  it 's a failure of specific country authorities to prosecute them in which those priests committed crimes . 
  vatican has no legal authority , let alone infrastructure , to prosecute anyone outside vatican borders . 
  us naive and poorly planned policy to spread freedom and democracy in middle east is what caused the problems . 
  usa wanted to solve problems but fucked it up , russia just causes problems for own short term gains . 
   to me , ukraine is an interesting case because we are using new methods to train this ally . 
  it 's hardly new really , us did almost exact thing with croatia in 1990 's . 
  i 'm still hoping for safehouse customization they promised . 
  source ? 
   `` sometimes it is good for russia to provoke negative emotions in poland , '' says jaros\u0142aw \u0106wiek-karpowicz , an analyst at the polish institute of international affairs . 
  `` then , the russians can say , ` look , these people are russophobes . 
  they are very emotional , they overreact . 
  that 's why you should marginalize them when you consider what to do about russia ' . 
  oh this is such a perfect statement . 
   assad and his allies can steamroll the opposition and isis into the ground, 
  no , they clearly can not . 
  if they could , then war would have been done long ago . 
  bandera allied with the nazis for whole 2 whooping weeks until he quickly discovered first hand on how truly evil are nazis and far worse then soviets . 
  nobody really knew nazi horrors until they got to experience them first hand and/or see it 's aftermath . 
  while with soviets it was well known what evil stalin 's regime was . 
  so from what bandera knew he had an option between an unknown party with a possibility of ukraine 's independence and known evil that would continue to oppress his people . 
  it was a risky gamble that , obviously to us today , did n't work out and backed out of it not long after making that deal . 
  let 's be honest , there 's 100 's of thousands of people who would benefit and be well of under isis rule . 
  under assad , only dozens who are mainly assad family and their close friends , as well their foreign allies like putin . 
  but for obvious reasons , isis winning is not an option . 
  it 's just that assad winning is even less of an option . 
  oh god , i 'd just shoot myself if lavrov ruled russia . 
   i think this is shortsighted . 
  you summed up russian policies right there . 
  i 'm pretty sure saudi authorities cracked down on anyone financing isis . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  so do syrian rebels . 
  rebels lost support only through useless division 30 while southern rebels got their support partially cut to halt their pointless offensive on daraa , to instead focus on other military targets . 
  rebels are still getting a lot of foreign support . 
  that 's not the lesson they should learn . 
  and now even russia is directly involved with war crimes over syrian people . 
  like putin would dare to turn russia into a nuclear wasteland over syria . 
  it 's also because all of those countries got english language directly from being originally british colonies . 
  meanwhile we croats and serbs developed our nations and language separately since early medieval times , but strangely we kept our languages very similar . 
  he 'll no longer cause problems in ukraine , that 's for sure . 
   thanks to the brilliance of people like sergey lavrov ( the living god of foreign affairs ), 
  no , hell no . 
  i am not reading this after this nonsense . 
  they 're all regional big powers like russia , so they are in sense equals . 
  ofcourse article just dismisses major victories in kobani , tikrit and tel abyad as just minor tactical gains . 
  right sector is not helping anyone with this act . 
  no real political will to do either . 
  if he smoked marijuana , would n't he feel to tired and lazy to do the shooting ? 
  or , well , anything . 
  everything you just said demonstrably wrong . 
  no pope had ever even remotely supported pedophilia and had actually outright condemned it on many occasions . 
  and no , galileo was never executed and neither book burning sanctioned by the catholic church . 
  i 'm 22 and i have lived through 3 popes . 
  i 'm sure we will see more popes and more improvements . 
  it 's been confirmed not to be the case . 
  original poster on 4chan had come up and denied the claims he was the shooter . 
  and since shooter got arrested on scene , it 's pretty much confirmed 4chan link is dead in a water . 
   russia actually won in ukraine, 
  no , it did not . 
  conflict there is far from over . 
   insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  [ no , it does n't . 
  ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/in-therapy/200907/the-definition-insanity-is ), 
  which ai n't happening , assad will never allow any serious military reform . 
   judging by their record over the last few years the saa wo n't be winning any medals for quality , but they are far , far better than the complete shambles that calls itself an iraqi army . 
  an utter absurd statement , iraqi army is in every way superior to syrian army today . 
  in other words , russia is only creating more problems for own self-interest . 
   the us mainly the oil, 
  no , an utter myth . 
  us had gain 0 oil from it 's campaigns in middle east . 
  hell , only winner is china in terms of getting oil from us campaigns . 
  so unless us is a chinese puppet , which is even more absurd , us ai n't there for oil . 
   it 's just a side effect that russians solution is the one that brings more stability in the middle east, 
  what a joke , how in the world supporting a dictator through military campaign is bringing stability to middle east ? 
   the soviet intervention in afghanistan ended way more awfully than the nato intervention will end . 
  also afghanistan is way better off post-us occupation then during taliban rule . 
  because usa is actually a free country , unlike assad 's syria . 
  not surprising . 
  i think your internet derped there a bit . 
  but yeah , afghanistan war is perfectly justified , internationally legal and mostly a us military and political victory .
