  talked nothing about them , until boom !, 
  announcement !, 
  in fact with dai they did something really weird , which was announce jaws of hakkon dlc and release it same day . 
  bioware always did some weird and quiet marketing for their dlc 's . 
  also as for me : a , there 's one thing i keep forgetting to bring up . 
  quarian ark dlc was teased 2 weeks ago in apex event story , even though allegedly bw montreal got gutted . 
  why hint a dlc , if you wo n't be able to do it ? 
  leaked ending was incomplete when people data mined files from leaked me3 alpha/demo . 
  and what was there , it had small bits of exactly what we got in me3 . 
  from the very start , catalyst a character shepard would meet at the end . 
  however nobody could have predicted that spake kid gibberish , as dialogues written in files were incomplete and context was lacking for people to realize what disaster of a ending we will encounter . 
  only things that were significantly changed from leaked files to what we got was javik no longer being important to story , yet at that time javik was already decided to be a pre-released dlc . 
  so those leaked files were really old and incomplete , yet what little we got from leaked ending was largely the same from what we got at release . 
  if ea forced bioware to change ending in late development , then it does n't look like bioware changed much . 
  puerto rico voted for statehood in past too , yet us senate rejects their request each time . 
  there 's nothing to suggest they 'll approve puerto rico to join the union this time either . 
  he provided no facts to back up his statements and he lacks any credibility to be trusted on his words . 
  csa : we want our land back !, 
  mexico : what ? 
  we ca n't return land we never took from you . 
  csa : negotiations had failed !, 
  ** csa declares war on mexico **, 
  eh , north korea have yet to figure out to how to make a nuclear missile . 
  if anything , it would be the most opportune to invade north korea before they figure it out . 
  however not possible without china 's approval , otherwise they 'd likely intervene . 
  and china has nukes to bomb usa , let alone japan and south korea . 
  now ofcourse , trump is incapable to negotiate anything with , anyone really , let alone with china . 
   bill clinton lied about a blowjob . 
  actually , what he said was he did n't have sexual relationship with that woman . 
  and at the time , blow job was not legally defined as a sexual act in state of arkansas . 
  so a good lawyer billy used state 's rights to save himself from committing perjury . 
  all thanks to republican state administration before him that made blow job not classified as sexual act . 
  you 'll never get any representation that way . 
  no they do n't . 
  they have short range missiles that become nuclear missiles , but they do n't know how to make plutonium light enough , small enough and still create a nuclear explosion . 
  they have n't figure that one out . 
  and it 's speculated they wo n't until late 2020 's . 
  you 're trying to prove your position by using ... internet tags exists on that issue , therefore you 're accurate ? 
  i 'm sold !, 
  yes , but not by voting for 3rd parties that will never get representation . 
  not in white house , not in capitol hill , not on state nor local level . 
  3rd parties always fail in usa and they will never succeed until drastic electoral reforms . 
  and those reforms will only come from one or both of current major parties . 
  so lefties need to stick with democrats and push that party more to the left and push for electoral reforms to end electoral college and first past the post and replacing them with modern and more democratic electoral system that will help 3rd parties to raise . 
  without that , you might as well not vote by voting 3rd party . 
  i 'm asking for practicality and not to be naive . 
  i 'm done here . 
  i 'm talking to an ideologue wall here . 
  then you are forever screwed . 
  yeah , no , that strategy never worked in us . 
   what dlc are you even talking about being released ? 
  i 've seen absolutely nothing that we did n't get right after release . 
  new mp maps . 
  new weapons . 
  new mp characters . 
  new casual clothing . 
  new nomad skins . 
  pay attention . 
  also i never claimed bw montreal is an a-team , stop misrepresent me . 
  you 're either lying or did n't played that many games . 
   all signs point to them chalking this one up as a loss . 
  because kotaku is gospel of truth . 
  oh just stop with this nonsense . 
   but there may be an logical conclusion that we wo n't see another mass effect game until after anthem and likely the next dragon age . 
  that nobody disputes , especially since bioware desires to release 1 game per year . 
  me : a 2017 , anthem 2018 , da4 2019/2020 . 
  so me : a 2\u00a02020/2021 ? 
  i 'm talking about nk does n't have nuclear missiles , not that they do n't have missiles at all . 
  that 's a big distinction here . 
  yeah , that 's what spender is . 
  no reaper indocrination or anything like that . 
  he is just a greedy power tripping scumbag who wants comfortable life . 
  i mean hell , ryder finds a book in spender 's apartment about quick accession into ranks . 
  it 's quite clear he is just a scumbag . 
  that 's alec ryder . 
  bioware never talked anything about their dlc 's in at e3 . 
  and yet the best part , ypg is de-facto allied with assad 's regime . 
  july or august , is my guess we are getting quarian arc dlc . 
  considering gop establishment candidate won a primary by just 1.3 points difference against a trumpster , i do n't think you 're correct . 
  it was very within margin of error to go for stewart . 
  me : a was delayed twice , each time by 6 months . 
  well i guess we are imagining these patches and free minor dlc 's that came out in past 3 months . 
  same here . 
  i started my 3rd playthrough while 1.07 was latest patch . 
  i still had old cutscene . 
   me3 has the best writing . 
  not really . 
  sure genophage arc and geth-quarian conflict arc were great , along with some side quests . 
  but the main story revolving around cerberus and reapers was just awful . 
  endings were the worst thing , but even the overall main plot was just dreadful . 
  although advent nation might have started before collective got involved . 
  it is possible that in exchange of trade to survive , they would swear fealty to the collective . 
  that 's my guess . 
  da2 , me2 and me3 dlc 's were never on sale , due to being tied to bioware points . 
  and bioware points were never on sale either . 
  it is deliberate marketing strategy from bioware , really . 
  they want to distance me : a from ot , so that people do n't have wrong expectations about the game . 
  i thought i was imagining things , when i seen those prompts . 
  at least he admitted . 
  most like him would still stand their ground they were in the right .
