  but none of the actors had gave any indication they want to go off got . 
  not even rumours . 
  it means they they value his leadership and military tactical skills , that 's for certain , but being a diplomat ? 
  not saying a military man ca n't be a great diplomat , real life example eisenhower , but grey worm had never shown to even attempt diplomacy . 
  if someone like tyrion or varys was along with grey worm , then i could see this happening . 
  but grey worm alone , no . 
  well season 5 to 7 littlefinger ... no , even then cruz ca n't compare with show ruined littlefinger character . 
  enemy that refused to surrender . 
  japan was ready to throw 20 million of japanese citizens , mostly civilians too , into their deaths just so they can get status quo peace terms . 
   ramsay was undefeatable joker-lite for two seasons , taken out by deus ex machina the one time his superior tactics in battle should have actually handed him the victory . 
  and that 's my greatest issue with the show . 
  stupidity , lack of thought and rash decisions are rewarded , while intelligence , long term and calculated thinking is punished . 
  hell , death of doran is pretty much a symbol to that . 
  somehow sand snakes , whom are all illegitimate bastards , exterminated a house martell in revenge plot for martells , then taken over an entire country without anyone having an issue about it . 
  even martell 's rivals house yronwood , was fine with bunch of illegitimate bastards taking over dorne . 
  what in the actual fuck . 
  this is the show since season 5 , where idiocy and rashness always beats intelligence and pragmatism . 
  freys wo n't be destroyed . 
  there 's just way too damn many of them . 
  yeah , that would make sense . 
  for a sea to get frozen , it does require some serious extreme colds . 
  so giving them pov 's in show improved their characters from books . 
  i literary went to google who is he and i have to say i got surprised . 
  that dude was a frey ?!, 
  i completely missed it . 
  well hbo nearly canned entire got thing due to how bad original pilot was , so it has to be terrible . 
  but not terrible enough to not allow them a second chance . 
  yes , it would be the most simple way to portray passage of time . 
  it might look lame , but it would be better then nothing . 
  also i 'm still annoyed how blowing up the high septon and sept of baelor had no consequences . 
  in fact it was stated there is not even a new high septon put in charge . 
  it 's like religion does n't matter in the westeros any more . 
   but viserion kills him . 
  allegedly . 
  what about illyria ? 
  while it did got a bunch of events in last update , it is still rather depended on austrian and hungarian a.i. 
  to be playable . 
  so wait , robert projected eddard into lyanna ? 
  so in reality , robert actually wanted to merry eddard ? 
  well , there has to be a fanfic about that one . 
  primaries run and he lost . 
  no , it takes to be a populist with charisma . 
  except she did took responsibility , even in that book . 
  she wrote like a paragraphs putting some blame on sanders over his campaign staff spreading misinformation against her during primaries . 
  you speak as if ukrainian sniper was executing unarmed people . 
  sniper had killed armed enemy combatants . 
  that 's how war works . 
  truce is violated on daily basis , it is a good day when there are only dozen violations . 
  this truce is a joke and neither party respects it , regardless what out of touch diplomats say . 
  one time in my game they started a civil war in aog and expelled germany out of china . 
   and prosperous country before the us dismantled his regime . 
  i 'm pretty sure libyan people revolted against gaddafi first . 
  actually civil war in libya has n't been very active for 2 years , as 2015 december truce has n't suffered any major violations . 
  peace talks are ongoing since then and there is hope for peace soon . 
  no , it takes for 3 people to get shot to be considered a mass shooting . 
  not even necessary for anyone to be killed , just get shot . 
  in that mass shooting , 11 people got shot , out of which 2 fatalities . 
  so it 's a mass shooting . 
  i do n't think plague was spread through bridge construction . 
  difference is , hitler got tied up in ussr and later lost the war . 
  in kaiserreich world , french commune is far stronger and stable then irl nazi germany , as well outright hostile towards the swiss , unlike with hitler where swiss were low on his shit-list . 
  is it luxemburg ? 
  he got assassinated before kaiserreich starts . 
  austria-hungary , but without austria . 
  uj / pdp is nowhere near as smart for him to do that . 
  she is a conservative political commentator who gets a lot of attention on media , for some reasons . 
  simple , put more fires and fuel for firewalls will get depleted . 
   less people die per capita in conflicts today than at any year in the 1990s . 
  but people miss the part on why is that the case . 
  historically , famines and diseases were the biggest killers of wars . 
  with technological advancements of medicine , agriculture and logistics , casualties rates dropped in wars . 
  but military capability to kill more people had increased and we are steadily going back to neglect avoiding civilian casualties , outright terror bombing of civilians , ethnic cleansing and genocide as we see in middle east , africa and ukraine . 
  we are blinded by technological advancement to not see things are getting worse . 
  as well people forget , the world is still shaken by ww2 . 
  only now are consequences of that war fading away . 
  and we can see with a new raise of support for imperialism and fascism worldwide that we are slowly going back to same old shit that caused many wars and humans suffering . 
  this so called peaceful era is only temporary . 
  and funny thing is , us was never close to defeat al-qaeda in those 16 years . 
  but isis was , they nearly ended aq 's presence in syria and isis are right now fighting against them in afghanistan too . 
  military wo n't defeat either al-qaeda nor isis , proper political solutions on their native countries will . 
  what does trauma has to do with hunger and diseases ? 
  wsj never called pdp is a nazi . 
  it 's hilarious you accuse wsj taking him out of context , while you take them out of context . 
  us did racial based slavery and black population still suffers from it 's effects today . 
  slavery may have ended , but racism even on government level did n't . 
  you ca n't compare those books with what pdp did here . 
  you 're grossly overestimating how much people give a shit about book tours . 
  clinton , as well obama , can disappear from public eye forever and fox news will still bitch about them . 
  nothing can be done about this . 
  well nothing legal anyway . 
  actually it was the failure of 82nd airborne to secure nijmegen bridge , as general gavin decided to prioritize to secure hills east of the town instead of going for the bridges that was the top priority objective of entire operation . 
  if it were n't for that tactical error , 82nd airborne would have secure poorly defended bridge instead of facing later fully reinforced german garrison , which could n't be broken until until allied tank division came . 
  whom had struggled to do so , as germans had fully fortified across that bridge , and caused major delays in operation . 
  if 82nd went and secured the bridge as it was planned , allied tanks would have cross the bridge on quick notice , arnhem would be captured ( although 6th british airborne would still suffer massive casualties regardless ) and operation market garden would have been a major success . 
  i did watch that documentary and he concludes it is general gavin 's fault for failure of the operation , stating even with poles dropping in late and delay of the tank division , operation would have been a success if 82nd went to capture the bridge first instead of prioritizing protecting their flank based on gavin 's suspicion there 's an elite german division there ( it is unknown where he got that idea ) . 
  can you please accept it already that bernie sanders lost because more people preferred hillary over him ? 
  we underestimated their stupidity and how stupidity is very effective to get in charge . 
  or better yet script the siege battles . 
   history is written by the victors, 
  do not start a war with those odds then .
