  press conference happened way before hit and run car attack . 
  i think trump does that every morning and has a big ugly smile about that . 
  trump simply does n't care , because he is an evil turd . 
  19 from hit and run attack , at least 15 from other incidents . 
  so 34 wounded at very least , along with 3 dead ( 2 from police helicopter crash ) . 
  well i guess assad could use more foreigners for a meat grin ... 
  i mean glorious volunteer soldiers to win a war . 
  reality is , there 's a lot of people love fascism but are too ashamed to admit it . 
  for now . 
  also alex jones already proclaimed this hit and run attack is an inside job to start martial law . 
  while still defending trump . 
  what the fuck ? 
  kind of fitting , considering almost none of charlottesville neo-nazi and white supremacist protestors are actually locals from that city , not even locals of virginia state . 
  my guess is he wants to take down those statues legally . 
  that was the hardest achievement i had ever completed in payday 2 . 
  neither is being racist a crime . 
  yet here we are . 
  you know it 's very fucked up situation when a zodiac serial killer calls for that . 
  that reminds me , did he still said anything on erdogan 's bodyguards attacking american protestors in us ? 
  `` cia ca n't defeat weaponized autism '', 
  the fuck does that even mean ? 
  even when gop leaders say it is a domestic terrorist attack , fox news still peddles this same bullshit . 
  fox news pretty much sealed the deal , they are the far-right propaganda outlet . 
  trump did n't even say `` islamic terrorism '' either , he ca n't even that shit right . 
  flags of the salty losers . 
  or you just never watched fox news . 
  stalin purges had crippled red army from top to bottom . 
  as well there were no defensive strategy , in fact red army was deployed for an offensive towards germany . 
  which is also why germany trashed red army so easily , soviets soldiers had to improvise defensive measures for many months until generals ( ones not on purge list or released from gulag ) were able to form a real defensive strategy in middle of military catastrophe and chaos . 
  yet even then , germany suffered far greater losses then it wanted . 
  by winter , germany run out of army reserves and their seasoned troops were heavily bloodied . 
  also very inferior horse logistics kind of killed operation barbarosa . 
  in a way , soviets got lucky that nazi germany invaded them when they did , as germans themselves were not ready for a war against ussr but hitler and german military leadership wanted to attack while red army was crippled by stalin 's purges . 
  communist regime was just as reactionary as current pseudo-capitalist one today . 
  it 's pretty much same people in charge too . 
  it is a cultural issue , not ideological one . 
  i think petyr can put that lie detector under a very hard test . 
  yeah , lost time cersei had sex with someone that was n't jaime was lancel . 
  and he 's been dead for a long time by this point , as well he was n't in mood for sex with cersei since after stannis 's defeat at king 's landing at season 2 . 
  he got traumatized and disillusioned by that battle , like sandor clegane . 
  well he did n't go beyond the wall , so he 's safe in next episode . 
   the schadenfreude when he wakes up tomorrow is going to be fucking glorious . 
  your friend probably : no the show is dumb and is a fanfic !, 
  grrm wo n't do that in books !!, 
  except he already wrote huge portions of next book already and he has co-writers to help him along . 
  if he does drop the towel , one of his co-writers will take over the book while leaving manuscripts for his vision to go on . 
  clearly guy did n't gave up , at least not due to the show nor fans figuring out his major plot twist . 
  if he gives up , it would be due to his age making him unable to write properly anymore . 
  except rhaer died before he became king and jon was both after aerys died . 
  viserys became king after death of the mad king , making daenerys his heir as he never had children . 
  jon is now an heir to iron throne behind daenerys , until she gets children . 
  you do n't get it . 
  viserys was crowned a king before jon was born . 
  jon could n't be an heir to the throne simply due to the fact he was n't born yet . 
  which means visery 's line gets prioritized , in which daenerys was next in line . 
  actually he is healthy for his age . 
  however his age is worrying factor alone . 
  because d&d wrote themselves in the corner with stark family and littlefinger . 
  they should have made it originally that sansa wanted to take over as queen of the north and create tension that makes sense , yet they did n't so current tension is forced as hell . 
  they completely overlooked the card to get out of bad writing , for some dumb reason . 
  yes he was . 
  he was crowned by his own mother . 
  then he sold that crown in one of esos cities . 
  he changed his mind afterwards . 
  that was not rhaella targaryen trying to make viserys a special kid . 
  that was a major political move from rhaella to continue targaryens being rightful rulers of the seven kingdoms . 
  viserys was the king of westeros in exile , which daenerys taken over after his death . 
  also with eddard stark and catelyn tully marriage , the sept was in position to heavily influence stark children through catelyn . 
  there was in fact no sept nor a septon in winterfell until that marriage , until eddard ordered to build a permanent sept for catelyn to be able to continue practising faith of the seven . 
  also i think it was mentioned earlier that in books jorah went in first and thoros right behind him . 
  so show switched it around . 
  well they get to lose right to vote . 
  and be lynching free . 
  and in the books she is not pregnant , so there 's that . 
  internet had somehow caused people to embrace hatred as a good thing . 
  just liked his acting career . 
  he did n't spread anti-semitic conspiracy theories until after his jewish wife divorced him . 
  yes , really , he avoided bashing jews until relatively recently due to his wife . 
  guy is just an opportunistic fuck . 
  well there is a small portion of democrats who do approve of trump . 
  somehow . 
  for some reason . 
  i do n't know why , i just know they exist . 
  and it bothers me . 
  also mooch is a frontstabber , who tried to exist in a den of backstabber 's . 
  if fuhrer was alive , he 'd have ordered their execution for laziness . 
  for once i agree with a guy who got punched in a face for being a nazi . 
  that 's ... that 's what i said ... 
  did confederacy used to rule the world ? 
  that would explain why they hate jewish globalist so much , they 're just jealous they got toppled down . 
  to be fair , no helmet offers ballistic protection . 
  helmets are useful against blunt force and shrapnel protection . 
  no , they were all nazis . 
  every german soldier had sworn an oath to hitler and nazi ideology . 
  they knew what they got themselves into and frequently took part of committing war atrocities without penalty of refusal . 
  hitler thought croats were germanic people who accidental spoke slavic language . 
  no , i shit you not , that 's what hitler actually thought . 
  also about as many croats joined partisan forces as how many collaborated with nazi puppet regime . 
  hell , leader of yugoslav partisan movement was a croat . 
  also people forget that 2008 recession nearly killed ea , which caused many studios under ea umbrella to get shut down in quick succession .
