  and those younger cubans are typically more democrat then republican . 
  that 's not fair to / r/conspiracy , they actually have some humanity . 
  you ca n't trust trump on this . 
  in the debate he was bashing nato . 
  trump is like mussolini , minus having a military career . 
  panda 's that live in the wild a good at surviving , but due to human mass deforestation they nearly got pushed into extinction . 
  zoo panda 's are a different story , it 's like they want to get themselves killed . 
  helpless for like first few minutes , after that she acts more adult and mature then ... actual adults that somehow survived the zombie apocalypse for that many years . 
  the most popular `` social experiment '' are staged though for the most part . 
   ** although recently ** they 've started treating everyone as combatants , including children, 
  i did n't know 2011 can be considered recent . 
  they 've been bombings hospitals in aleppo since start of the war . 
  only recent change is that russia started using bunker busting bombs so they 're even hitting hospital basements . 
  it 's so bad that many civilians are moving closer to the frontlines , because assad and putin are mostly ignoring military targets as they prefer terror bombing strategy . 
  jadran do sydneya !, 
  why even have hitler ? 
  not only would it be highly controversial and had legal issues , but he did n't do anything great but destroy most of europe . 
  including germany !, 
  yes and it was dumb for stalin to be in civ i and iv . 
  that paranoid idiot is the worst leader in russian history . 
  no , not really . 
  german economy was fixed before hitler came to power . 
  and hitler then wrecked german economy by overspending on military , putting germany in a massive debt that they could repay without invading and looting other countries . 
  not just ukrainian , but also syrian and even potentially bosnian problem . 
  yeah , he got everything backwards . 
  recent referendum of republika srpska celebrating their statehood day had caused serious destabilization in region . 
  referendum was not only illegal , but also violates dayton accord . 
  as well president dodik of rs had proclaimed that was a first step of rs seceding from bosnian federation , which is extremely worrying at very least . 
  no doggy , you are not a cat . 
  both russia and serbia gave vague public support for that referendum . 
  so they are preparing to destabilize things there too . 
  hold on , napalm was used in ww2 ? 
  holy shit , napalm flamethrowers ?!, 
  how did i never heard of this before ? 
  it took decades for radiation to disperse in both of those cities . 
  both cities population still suffer from very high cancer rate . 
  and it is blatantly clear he was forced to apologize by his campaign staff . 
  those were not his words . 
  his body language reeks of him hating to say this forced apology . 
  and it is blatantly clear he was forced to apologize by his campaign staff . 
  those were not his words . 
  his body language reeks of him hating to say this forced apology . 
  although they can agree on one thing . 
  doing fucked up shit to eastern europe , especially to poland . 
   does it mean much higher than normal ? 
  yes . 
   people who were alive during the war are still alive today ... 
  you can survive all types of cancers , just some less so then others . 
  some more painful to live through then other . 
  because they do n't care for bernie 's policies , they care for cult of personality of anti-establishment character . 
  bernie 's policies were mostly realistic actually , he basically wanted to turn us into typical western european country based on social democratic policies . 
  too obvious . 
  he 'd do that on his daughter 's birthday . 
  but they are still lagging behind . 
  russian navy overall is a cold war relic from soviet union glory days . 
  this should be interes ... * cultofdusty * ... nope , nope !, 
  i am out of here !, 
  well obviously international laws are made only for the old world . 
  ok , someone has to draw this now . 
  irrelevant , but i love the fact how many alt-right people are claim they are fighting to preserve western societies yet constantly demonize western countries for their actions against countries with clear anti-western agendas among with other things . 
  `` ayran all the way back to berlin . '', 
  which is ... pretty fucking retarded actually . 
  today is a deathdate of rommel . 
  no rommel worshipping content posted today . 
  i 'm confused . 
  assange wanted in sweden for rape charges . 
  when he get 's kicked out of ecuador embassy in uk , he is getting shipped straight to swedish jail and forced to take part of trial on rape charges against him . 
  nah , it 's jill stein herself that did the attack . 
  i vote for freedumbs too . 
  ecuador , like any other normal democratic country that does n't want to suffer the same , does not want to meddle into foreign country elections . 
  assange doing that is simply something ecuador can not tolerate , while he is taking refugee in their embassy . 
  even since article was written , isis launched a counter-attack . 
  isf in northeast and peshmerga north of mosul were forced to retreat and isis retaken lost ground there . 
  but main offensive forces was , at worst , slowed down it 's progress by the counter-attack . 
  isis not gon na make this easy . 
  they are simply unpredictable with what they will do and unconventional with their tactics . 
  it would be ill-advised for clinton to focus on anti-trump campaigning . 
  plus , there were n't much of new scandals since 2nd debate ( shockingly enough ) . 
  it would be in clinton 's best interest to focus on her policy while ignoring trump 's ranting and whining . 
  oh right , that happened right after the 2nd debate . 
  my mistake . 
  i want these elections to be over already . 
  primaries were a big fat mistake to last so long . 
  the fact that assange put up an early draft over a finalized list shows how manipulative he is . 
  well when alternative is trump , it 's hard not to like hillary on occasion . 
  wait , there a climate change question in 2nd debate ? 
  hillary gave quite an answer for it , while trump said `` clean coal '' . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  i did not even notice he said hillary is a nasty woman . 
  i was reading some comment so i did n't notice trump said anything , because hillary kept her composure . 
  which is also bizzare , due to how he said that out of the blue . 
  there was nothing to provoke him to say that . 
  it 's just , nasty woman , and ok . what ? 
  boston bombing had less people killed then an average mass shooting . 
  so i 'd go with that , there were very few people killed to be a major terrorist attack . 
  know what i want ? 
  utah going yellow !, 
  evan mcmullin for president !, 
  also massive political polarization in usa . 
  most trump voters vote for him because he 's republican .
