  zombies pretty much ended modern civilization , but then they seize to become a threat because ... reasons . 
  ca n't comment on gendry-mellisandre scene because it is really complicated . 
  as for jaime-cersei not-rape scene , cersei simply did n't want to have sex at that place at that time . 
  jaime managed to eh , persuade her for lack of better word , and made her change her mind only seconds later . 
  so it 's more like jaime made her change her stance for that moment , then been unconsensually forceful on her . 
  half of scenes of sansa and arya arguing made no sense in the end , especially one where arya threatens to kill sansa in previous episode . 
  they were n't fooling petyr , they were fooling the audience directly !, 
  that 's terrible writing !, 
  well it did work out well , until napoleon came and destroyed the party . 
  that 's very stupid , yet believable and realistic . 
  i 'm subbing to that theory . 
   and finally , in books the golden company already sided with the targaryen dynasty . 
  so that 's that . 
  that 's a funny way to spell blackfyre dynasty . 
  while it is confirmed dagger belongs to king robert , it is however still not confirmed did joffrey hired an assassin to kill bran . 
  it could have still been littlefinger ( everything fits , but issues are communicating with assassin and getting him that dagger ) and mance rayder ( circumstantial evidence , but he has political and cultural motives ) . 
  i think that will happen in books . 
  she will use robyn to defeat petyr , beating him in his own game . 
  not this crap with got in show . 
  well , i guess tha -, 
   i award you zero points and may god have mercy on your soul . 
   this gives me thinking pains . 
  ... what ? 
  also targeryan team never expected an alliance with cersei . 
  all they wanted was a truce to deal with undead army first . 
  cersei was one that offered alliance , one that tyrion never expected at all . 
  so she 's the one that offered it , and publicly stated they are giving alliance without any obligation . 
  while that 's bs , at least cersei could have shown a sign of good faith with that . 
  but instead , she makes out of character offer to backstab targeryan team for nothing . 
  oh worse then nothing , she loses jaime who refuses to back down on his pledge to fight the white walkers with targeryans . 
  and potentially with what little is left of lannister army , as he 's the one that commands them not cersei . 
  this massive complication was unnecessary and was avoidable . 
  cersei only needed to agree for truce , while secretly building up her forces to attack the living army if they win in north . 
  or just escape for southern islands if undead army wins . 
  alliance she proposed and betrayed just makes shit needless complicated , which at best serves for jaime to finally turn on her . 
  even though blowing up the sept of baelor should have been the thing to turn him against her , but i 'm not one of geniuses that are d&d . 
  this was just stupid . 
  i 'd have called bloody murder if she did kill jaime like that . 
  she tried to kill him multiple times in past , and still dreamed of day to murder him . 
  yet she could n't bring herself to kill tyrion in this episode , for some reason . 
  no fucking way she would have killed jaime , while sparing tyrion . 
  that was one of few things that made sense in this episode , her not actually backing up her threat to kill jaime . 
  except he was not a bit worried about dragons when he went to destroy two of daenery 's fleets . 
  each time there could have been a dragon , euron simply could n't predict tyrion would say `` no dragons '' to daenerys . 
  well , rude . 
  yes , i do know protestant reformation and thirty years wars had crippled hre . 
  yeah , give these actors emmies and oscars . 
  they do amazing acting work to make bad script sound great . 
  she also had a nerve to call daenerys a usurper . 
  that 's just cruel . 
  oh shit , i completely forgot about that one . 
  lannister soldier : you need five hundred barrels of lube ? 
  bronn : you do n't ? 
  lol , perfect !, 
  and yet he did nothing when that damn in california nearly broke down and flooded conservative county . 
  he could have scored easy political points by at least pretending to organize evacuation and talk to his supporters in california who were evacuated , but nah . 
  he did n't give a shit nor he 's competent to do anything right . 
   summon dragons to rend and consume a schoolyard bully . 
  i think that is a modern iteration . 
  i mean , schools in 30 ad ? 
  and yet today there are more nazis in russia then in any other country in world . 
  i thought he was being sean spicer for a moment . 
  if he gets pardoned and accepts it , he admits guilt and losses 5th ammedment right . 
  he will be forced to testify against trump then . 
   except for the paying for a prostitute with a personal check part . 
  well , nobody is perfect . 
  if that happens , mccain faction will have complete victory in republican party and there will be bipartisan support to end trump presidency and implement north korea level of economic sanctions against russia . 
  only because state and federal government is functioning and is aiding people at full capacity , along with volunteers . 
  if there was a total collapse , then they would n't be surviving . 
  removal of anti-gouging laws will absolutely not stop people from hoarding gas and other necessities . 
  it would only make it someone who already has money to buy and hoard the necessities . 
  only thing changes is that supplier gets richer and poor to lower middle class people are guaranteed to get royally fucked . 
  atheist communist regimes had no problem to justify death penalties of gay people . 
  they simply said they are unnatural and product of capitalism . 
  you only any collective ideology and you can justify anything from a moral high ground . 
  because they are gay , not bisexual . 
  and loras is her brother . 
  say no to incest , kids . 
  well , to be fair , the north did experienced peace and prosperity up until robert rebellion . 
  i mean , iron islanders were forced to submit and stop raiding north 's coasts , north did n't suffer directly from dance of the dragons nor from blackfyre rebellions and wilding raids are the normal events at the north for centuries . 
  so the north , as well as the vale , got the great deal out of targeryan rule and that 's also without suffering being burned down by dragons . 
   any death scenario now would feel like it came out of left field . 
  now i 'm confident she will die in last season . 
   cersei will send someone ( maybe bronn ) to kidnap sansa and bring her back to kl as her hostage/prisoner, 
  if this happens , i wo n't bother watching the show any more , not even for being so close to the end . 
  because that would be some grand fucking bullshit if sansa , yet fucking again , gets kidnapped and becomes someone 's punching bag again !, 
  fuck that , i 'm fed up seeing sansa being dismal in distress . 
  huh , good point . 
  still , say no to incest kids . 
  oh i know , it 's just original comment suggested a threesome , not just `` get his dick hard first , bro '' plan . 
  except you forget grrm and hbo pushed for more episodes and seasons , but d&d insisted only 8 seasons and less episodes for last two . 
  only d&d resisted for more content , nobody else did . 
  but here 's a thing , that was a retroactive explanation made by fans . 
  show-runners did n't think of any of this and never cared for it , merely mentioned that fans found an explanation to fill in those holes . 
  so i guess i imagined those direwolves pups growing up significantly within same episode and gave me visual guidance that some time had passed within same episode . 
  when did greyworm proven himself to be a proper diplomat ? 
  unsullied are indoctrinated soldiers that only know how to wage war . 
  even after daenerys freed them , they still kept their chains as they do n't know anything else . 
  and unsullied seem to remain at full strength despite suffering heavy losses since sacking astapor to their starving march from casterly rock to kings landing . 
  show-runners simply do n't give a shit , stop bothering trying to use one-off historic example to justify their incompetence and negligence .
