  i guess op needs lot 's and lot 's of gums too ? 
  well this one is made alright , weirdly enough . 
  who says aliens have to be smart ? 
  i do n't see how is this ... * [ request ] * ... oooh . 
  i should drink coffee , brb . 
  do catholic run hospitals really turn down care for such reasons ? 
  in a significant numbers that is , as i am certain there are individuals that would deny care for , just asking is it a norm . 
  honestly i think it is because these people dream to become part of top 1 % . 
  hold on . 
  this stand off is still ongoing ? 
  oh good . 
   the seven hour war . 
  still think this is stupid . 
  no amount of technological advancement will let you achieve such victory over a 6 billion populated planet . 
  except japan was firebombed for several months before which were more destructuve then atom bombs . 
  as well it was after years of war where japan 's navy , army and airforce were on knees . 
  so not even close to same . 
  and ? 
  even with those it would n't take mere hours to pacify entire planet . 
  especially considering gurilla warfare managed to form after vuctory , it is clear their mind controll abilities would n't be that effective . 
  so militaries of the world should have put up a major fight for years , not mere hours . 
  that still would n't cause defeat in mere hours . 
  most national armies are disciplined enought to not collapse quicly in case their leadrship is eliminated . 
  considering they did n't outright exterminate humanity , then no . 
  that did n't happen . 
  but how much they stole will depend on their sentence . 
  there has been a bunch of new posts there in past 2 hour , latest one being 10 minutes before you posted this comment . 
  so , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  to be fair , us from the get go aided allies with supplies . 
  i am shocked he is still alive after 2 years of causing troubles for publicty . 
  this would be laughable if it were n't for fact they overwhelmingly mass murder civilians . 
  best case scenerio is sligthly bruised up from puch or two from a local , followed by deportation and ban to enter russia ever again . 
   and the guy who hung himself, 
  he did n't hung himself though . 
  i do not see how you got that impression . 
  you are reading way too much into it . 
  as well wrongly . 
  well article is in wrong . 
  shut up rubio the robot . 
  not just us voters . 
  the whole europe should worry . 
   history is written by the victor, 
  no it ai n't . 
  it is written by whoever has a pen and paper . 
  germany had no means to invade czehoslovakia through those defenses . 
  at the time third reich lacked tanks and planes to be effective while army was still expanding to meet demand for aggresive war . 
  only after taking over czehoslovakia did nazis had enough industry and time to form a force that crushed poland ( and even then they needed soviets to attack poland from east , as german logistical support got depleted by the time warsaw was captured ) . 
  and same non-aggression pact gave soviets a green light to invade and counqer eastern half of poland and baltic countries , with also invading finland and taking some territory of them . 
  oh and ussr continued to trade supplies and resources germany needed for war effort . 
  so good job chamberlain !, 
  shit , i remember similiar thing with tito 's grandaughter . 
  when croatia had referendum to ban gay marrige constitutionally ( which sadly succeded ) , she publically claimed tito would also be against referendum and for gay rights . 
  but reality is that tito had not only been first leader to criminilize homosexualty in croatia , but also implement death penalty for it !, 
  not even nazi puppet regime had persecuted gays in croatia , to add to irony . 
  let alone heavily christian conservative govorments in austria-hungary and yugoslavian monarchy . 
  until tito 's death , homosexuality was a crime in entire yugoslavia . 
  it was n't til constitutional reforms that gave rught for states to pass own laws during which death penalty was abolished in general state by state . 
  then after tito 's death so was homosexuality decriminilized and little later also no longer considered mental illness , state by state . 
  it is one of these illusions many left wing radicals have in ex-yugoslavuan countries with tito and his communist movement . 
  he single handedly did the most and the worst of damage for homosexuals , where right wingers and chrstian radicals are tame in comparison . 
  not just in croatia but in every ex-yugoslavian countries . 
  not, 
  elect, 
  him, 
  americans, 
  he will be a massive disaster for entire world !, 
  idiocy of democratic party to only focus on presidential elections had caused constant republican dominance in us politics . 
  mccain 's campaign advisors told him he 'd get hillary voters if he choose palin . 
  i do not know why he did n't fire them on spot , even less so why they thought that was possible . 
  cruz is good on paper for evengelicals . 
  also he wants to end lobying , which is surprising and one of his very rate good policies . 
  but yeah , he is still insane and worse then trump . 
  they were pushing rubio and he failed misrebly . 
  now that it is trump vs cruz with kasich taking a couple delegates here and there , it will be interesting to see how many originally rubio voters will switch to cruz today . 
  if majority go for cruz , then trump is in deep trouble . 
  but since cruz is also mostly anti-establishment , it is hard to say . 
  most might just go vote kasich just to deny trump 's and cruz 's victory and instead broker a diffent candidate in delegate convection . 
  either way i am excited for both parties results tomorrow . 
   `` everyone hates trump '' , yet he 's beating cruz . 
  for now . 
  with rubio gone , it is quite interesting for who will originally rubio voters vote for . 
  if majority go for cruz , he 'll be in front of trump easilly . 
  sanders get 's support from a lot of democrats , independents and republicans . 
  however republicans can not vote in democratic primaries without switching their party membership in time , while independents are also barred in some states that only allow democrats members to vote . 
  he is well liked by all people generally , but not as much within party itself . 
  reality is , democratic party is fundamentally a conservative-centrist party in which it happens that close to half of their core voter base is liberal or socialist but with little influence for actual liberal and socialist candidates to be represented properly . 
  if us had multi-party system , by my personal guess i have to note , democratic party will be centre-right party while democratic socialists would have 40 % of what democrats have now . 
  while i 'm at it , republicans would also be split between neo-con party ( kasich , rubio , bush ) , democratic christian party ( cruz , perry ) and far-right nationalists ( trump , palin ) . 
  us 2-party system just denies what people of us actually want , for better and worse , is my point i was going for . 
  may i ask what documentary specifically ? 
  absolutely it 's bullshit !, 
  democrats lost midterms because they 're too inept to take those elections as serious if not more serious then presidential elections . 
  it 's a complete absurdity how democratic party ca n't understand how much more important is to rule congress and senate , then it is to rule white house . 
  now you 're just crossing conspiracy theorist zone . 
  18 % voted for other candidates . 
  i 'm certain majority of those are originally rubio voters . 
  that is something i did n't expect , that rubio voters would not align with any of 3 main candidates . 
  ah , i completely forgot about it . 
  democratic party is barley left wing though . 
  is peta against furries ?
