   not to forget the free apartment in the center of kyiv , that they get to privatize ( for free ) and keep forever . 
   and then the pension that they get to keep forever . 
  how about also subsidized unlimited unregulated additional expenses for mp 's , payed by croatian taxpayers ? 
   no wonder `` russian lawmakers are considering banning all military personnel from using social media while on active duty '', 
  should n't that be the case with all armies all over the world ? 
  while this is old as hell , you 'd think russian media would use different actors for each different reporting ? 
  or do they have limited budget so that 's all they can afford ? 
  nearly a year . 
   it just so happens that all of their literature was destroyed ... by christians . 
  or just by the spanish ? 
  not other christian nations were involved in that genocide . 
  half of europe . 
  hardly a miracle , more like pure austrian incompetence and heavily underestimating serbian army . 
  austrians literary sent their reservists to invade serbia , who 's army was full of veterans from the both balkan wars . 
  this reservists never stood a chance against well fortified veteran serb army on good natural defense . 
  austrians learned their lesson really hard with heavy price and had to overhaul their serbia invasion plans . 
  why so slow response ? 
  and rather premature conclusion . 
  elements of his fall are being set in place , only time will tell will he fall or not . 
  he did fallen . 
  like a decade later , though . 
  sadly , yes . 
  [ guy reminds me too much on a taliban , despite him being a christian . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/76695000/gif/_76695438_druztwo.gif ), 
  i was only pointing at silliness of this sort of assumptions . 
  the fuck is that ? 
  barely a half of crimea does n't want to be part of ukraine . 
  not unless croatia bankrupts and replaces greece in that first !, 
  their self-implemented paranoia is just self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  russian aggressive behavior is not giving western countries other choice but to treat them like this . 
  treating russia better would be naive and irresponsible . 
   the americans remove their presidents if they are caught in a lie, 
  hahahahahahahahahaha !!!, 
  no country on planet would be able to keep any government to official for a day , without being caught in lie and then removed from office . 
  impeachments does jackshit . 
  as well are sometimes a joke . 
  bill clinton was impeached for cheating on his wife . 
  who fucking cares ?!, 
  that 's a personal issue , not one that affects his country leading ability . 
  also it still did n't do anything on him . 
  it was nothing but national wide embarrassment for him , but basically remained unaffected . 
  they 're just pissed they 're not spreading wahhabi movement message . 
  middle eastern nations makes balkan nations look like they 're in lovely relations , in comparison . 
  we succeeded , it was fun . 
  - singed : mongols, 
  cnn is privately founded company . 
  they did got the most of it , as in most of medieval times russia . 
  it would be a major breakthrough if true . 
  hopefully , they can be pressured into surrender by locals . 
  it does however show something big and bad may happen in belarus soon . 
  pro-ukraine militia that works along side with ukraine government . 
  needs verification . 
  it can be just about any city . 
  though do hope it 's legit . 
  yeah , donbass battalion started out fully independent , but later went to cooperate with ukraine government . 
  now they are semi-autonomous militia . 
  now that 's innovative !, 
  my guess is it 's a great place to observe the area ? 
  though it would be a poetic justice if he manages to pull off revolution in russia against putin . 
  i did n't say strelkov should win it . 
  ethiopia become a christian before slavs even got into the history books . 
  yeah , for them religion is all about russia not jesus and god . 
  that 's not how international laws and order work . 
  not as much it will in 2 decades . 
  translation ? 
  they can focus on getting american tourists then ? 
  unsc would never accept russian peacekeepers in eastern europe , anymore . 
  they are getting lot 's of reinforcements from russia , though . 
  russia sent peacekeepers to bosnia ? 
  i never heard of that . 
  that the joos did it ? 
  very unlikely for new maidan to happen in ukraine so soon . 
  i ` ms sure most maidaners and supporters of it realize why other of their demands wo n't be implemented in short schedule . 
  as well huge parts of maidan self-defense units are being trained in army or already fighting in national guard or militias against insurgents . 
  if anything , only small peaceful protests on short time will happen . 
  just to remind government and the people that maidan revolution demands are n't forgotten . 
  only reason maidan got big is because yanukovich started to brutally oppress it . 
  poroshenko wo n't do such thing . 
  and even if he wanted to , would n't be able to to do it as current ukraien constituation stripped down many executive powers yanukovich had , he has no berkut like special police and kiev mayor klitschko is still supportive of maidan so he would n't give any support against maidan . 
  south korea would still prefer to get rid of juche cult state . 
   klitschko told the maidan that 's still left to disband, 
  in june . 
  to relocate suburb areas . 
  over health issues of barricades and one of roads still being blocked . 
  he still refuses to use any forceful move against them . 
   poroshenko does n't need any particular executive powers to clean it up should the necessity arise because he has something much better than berkut or the law - private ( aka unaccountable ) militias . 
  that sort of tyrannical move would make eu abandon any dealings with him . 
  also , how the hell are private militias better then the law forces ? 
  with those you can at least have pretense you 're brutal oppression is somehow legitimate . 
  with private militias ? 
  hell no !, 
  yeah , natives had insane home advantage and natural defenses with lot 's opportunities for doing ambushes . 
  that referendum was also illegal . 
  us space program would be miles more advance , if the us congress would care about it . 
  they want an excuse to bring their troops in ukraine . 
   your faith in european idealism is commendable . 
  name me a oppressive leader/country that eu supports . 
   the obvious response is that militias can be considered unaccountable and systemic politicians have the opportunity of distancing themselves from their ... grislier actions, 
  except that lack of any police stopping those militias , that are obviously loyal to the government , would pretty much show there 's blatant and obvious connection . 
  but it 's not run by us state department .
