   yellow peril, 
  well i guess romani would fit that bill , though croatia is ironically more tolerant of them then supposed more progressive france and italy . 
  heck , slovakia forcibly castrated 100 's of romani woman . 
   red scare, 
  check . 
   immigrants, 
  we have emigration problem . 
   jews, 
  thankfully , mostly not the thing . 
   gays, 
  check . 
   blacks, 
  hmh , let 's put serbs instead . 
  so , kinda check . 
  finland is just plain bizzare . 
  well , i had no idea . 
  dude managed to unite two rival and most violent croatian football fans , because how much they both hate him . 
  i think that pretty much makes him the most despised person in croatian history , by now . 
  communist state of bohemia will stay !, 
  while germany liberal . 
  somehow , we 're all great allies . 
  that 's never gon na happen . 
  dude has no authoritative personality . 
  and every time he tries to be , he looks pathetic . 
  yeah , quite definitely only move people truly hated about over-glorified president tu\u0111man . 
  forcing dinamo to be rename to croatia , returned to dinamo after his death . 
  but , but ... 
  i liberated them from filthily austria . 
  communist states were actually notoriously worse against homosexuality . 
  said to be some capitalist disease or something . 
  though , castro did apologized to gays few years ago for prosecution he done to them . 
  they do n't stay in croatia . 
  they merely pass through to get to italy , austria or germany . 
  oh good . 
  well not really good , but ... never mind , it sucks . 
  ironically , if it was n't for eu this referendum would have failed due to low voter turnout . 
  because until eu joining referendum , there was a requirement for 50 % +1 voter turnout for referendum to be valid . 
  knowing that there would low voter turnout ( which was 47 % ) , they removed requirement . 
  which radicals exploited to pass this referendum , that had 35 % voter turn out . 
  basically , 1/5 of voters decided on gay marriage ban . 
  when you count in votes that went against ban . 
  one sve italijani !!, 
  well , at least usa knows where spain is . 
  \u010cirilica !, 
   if you 're free , everything else should be free , right ? 
  what commie evil you speak off ? 
  why the fuck would eric holder kill paul ? 
  for shame , it would be a nice comedy for the entire class . 
  well gay marriage is banned constitutionally in croatia . 
  while outrageous , i 'm very fed up with so much godwin 's law being broken by lgbt supporters in past weeks . 
  well fall of rome did created power vacuum in most of europe . 
  so that 's one thing that can be legitimately considered bad , i guess . 
  thanks uk !, 
  you 're distracting everyone while i 'm running away to denmark !, 
  except that it made opposition to ban lose their credibility . 
  it was nothing but a pissing contest between the media and leading socialist-liberal coalition ( opposition of ban ) against conservatives and the church ( supporters of ban ) , while little to no objectivity and use of facts . 
  most of the time they were making allegory to nazism and hitler 's rise to power , while at same time actual lgbt member 's had very little to say on public stage . 
  despite media was fully supporting them , but they wanted to be knights in the shiny armor . 
  nothing but glorification and sensationalism was done , so croatia is now stuck with gay-marriage ban that was voted in by 1/5 of voters ( voter turnout was a pathetic 35 % ) . 
  plus , on historic side , usta\u0161e were put in power by mussolini ( hitler wanted popular conservative party , but they refused to collaborate with the nazis ) once yugoslavia was conquered . 
  never elected . 
  while they were sending political opponents , jews , serbs and other undesirables to own death camps . 
  here , institution `` for the family '' managed to make already existing douchebag law now into constitution ( that can be reverted with 66 % of parliament support , while previously needed 50 % +1 ) . 
  basically , situation in croatia has n't been changed for lgbt 's , but merely made it harder to be changed . 
  though it 's gon na get better for them in fact , as leading socialist-liberal coalition plans to put registered civil unions in motion in following couple of weeks . 
  so only thing that was truly done , is taxpayer money being wasted for croatia to be embarrassed to entire world . 
  basically , nothing like with the nazis nor usta\u0161e . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  added one extra detail . 
  hmh , does he realizes vatican and the pope is in charge of the catholic church ? 
  and they made no such laws nor demands to enforce it worldwide ? 
   amy goodman, 
  sad thing i had to google to know who 's she , yet i 'm well aware of alex jones . 
  yeah , it got constitutionally banned through referendum . 
  65 % voted for ban and 35 % against , though voter turnout with 35 % is a joke . 
  sad thing , referendum would have failed if it was done 2 years ago . 
  since there was a requirement law for 50 % +1 voter turnout . 
  but was removed for eu joining referendum that had 47 % voter turnout . 
  croats and bosniaks did n't had any bad blood at the time ( islamophobia is more of a recent thing ) , while nazis overall were neutral on muslims . 
  and since both were having problem with serbian dominance during kingdom of yugoslavia ( non-serbs were always denied to hold any high government and military positions for example ) , they were pretty much `` allied '' in opposition to their rule ( from moderates merely disliking how it was ruled to extremists wanting all serbs dead and gone ) . 
  it 's actually one of reasons why yugoslavia fallen in mere 11 days . 
  slovenian , croatian and bosniak forces mostly surrendered on sight on german invaders , as they were mistreated badly by serbian rule . 
  with adding croatian and slovenian glorifying good ` ol days when they were under austrian rule ( in many ways it was actually worse ) , they thought it 's better to get conquered by germans . 
  it was more of a liberation for them , at the time . 
  vatican city is [ the most hilarious example ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_vatican_city ) of statistics meaning shit for low populations . 
  it pretty much makes 87 % of it 's population committing civil offenses while 133 % committing penal offenses , just because of having millions of tourists visiting it . 
  why would anyone want benedict back ? 
  one does n't even simply conquer croatia . 
  you inherit it instead !, 
  pope francis is also pro-life . 
  well i 'm certainly glad that benedict quit , as he did n't even stay for a decade . 
  may francis live pretty darn long . 
  actually it was done in [ 18 countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust#by_country_2 ) . 
  italy and germany not included on the list . 
  mind you most got conquered by germany , a couple by italy and others are their allies . 
  true enough . 
  though it did caused many wars and wars are always bad . 
  then again , wars that followed were very localized and casualties rates quite low in comparison to rome . 
  since during rome there had nothing but big to huge wars with huge casualties ( whatever to be on enemy side only , their side only or on both sides ) , but they did n't happen often . 
  soooo , sicilian mafia will off him then ?
