  pretty sure guys there are joking . 
  those who are serious , never mention kebab . 
  damn this games are fast to get our poor kids to kill people already . 
  yeah , california alone would be more likely to own mexico then other way around . 
  hmh , that makes sense . 
   jesus also warned of an increase in lawlessness, 
  here 's an idea !, 
  put some laws to regulate who can and ca n't get guns !, 
  and what gun can and ca n't be sold !, 
  my first reaction was `` croatia number 3 , croatia number 3 !, 
  '' , then i realized it 's alphabetical . 
  wait , i thought holocaust never happen . 
   florida, 
  texas , i apology . 
  clearly , florida is the worst american state . 
  i thought tea party already destroyed republican party . 
  nah , wait for pc release and then sale on steam . 
  what did my neighbors do now ? 
  yugoslavia also wanted to do the same fun . 
  it was not fun . 
  since we lost , we still did n't . 
  maybe in ww3 we 'll get lucky and choose right side . 
  as in , winning side . 
  and then ww1 started . 
  all of the sudden , woodrow wilson is my favorite us president . 
  and neither is croatia going to this year eurovision . 
  no monies . 
  agreed comrade !, 
  * continues to take money from ` murica and soviets *, 
  perhaps we should call it cultural genocide ? 
   edit : feel free to let loose . 
  remember , hitler ca n't report you to the moderator !, 
  do n't dare him to try . 
   til you can be a capitalist in a socialist economy . 
  well , communist yugoslavia did allowed small businesses to be owned privately . 
  well , i do not wish them good luck with that . 
  hmh , only martin luther was excommunicated . 
  not all protestants , who i 'm sure do n't give a shit pope excommunicated them or not . 
  also , i do remember from history crash course that black priests used same exact bible to preach against slavery . 
  though today , people are smart enough not to fall prey to nao-nazis . 
  well , not in big numbers that is . 
  so wait , they 're like bunch of console fanboys ? 
  though there should be some regulations on polygamy . 
  regular marriage can be a mess , but polygamy can get way worse due to multiple spouses . 
  especially with kids involved , since multiple spouses owning specifics children in same marriage . 
  neglect and abuse is very highly possible . 
  it should n't be legal until some regulations are put in place . 
  so just saying , legalization of polygamy should n't be rushed and must be dealt carefully and well . 
   it 's a remarkable idea that priests would see their current faith as not perfect and then seek to change it , no ? 
  not really faith , but religious dogma on gays . 
  they want to change that , not faith . 
  well , maybe if you only look at `` 21st century '' category , not `` ever '' category . 
  well , maybe . 
  still read that in mordin 's voice . 
  awesome !, 
  well it took them long . 
  for washington dc yard mass shooting it took them mere minutes . 
  yet for kenyan massacre , couple of days . 
  literary * lincoln * . 
  dunno , but bunch of neo-nazi/fascist conspiritards do run croatian and serbian wiki 's . 
  and it 's case with many other sections of wikipedia , so they could pull it , to some extent . 
  hmh , he was addicted to them . 
  just those were not the cause of him doing mass shooting . 
  not american , but there 's this whole sentiment that socialism is evil among conservatives . 
  mainly due to their red scare during 20th century , so anything socialist is a step towards evil tyrannical communist totalitarianism . 
  as well with whole libertarian free market movement being huge in usa . 
  which is nowhere else it 's significantly big , besides maybe in uk and that 's only because of their anti-eu sentiment . 
  what ? 
  i love seeing a.i. 
  croatia going great . 
  well , obamacare is shitty but is hell of a lot better then what they have now . 
  and current republican party would never allow universal healthcare , which is what usa should do . 
  obamacare was a republican idea , while democrats were still trying to pass universal healthcare . 
  i know about that part , but what the hell is this guy saying ? 
  well fuck , some should seriously help that guy . 
  and hopefully he ai n't stashing bunch of guns and gon na do mass shooting , as well . 
  that many people still use ie ? 
  ok , got ta be honest . 
  if it was n't for hair/forehead features being different , i would also think it 's a same guy . 
  heh , ok i worded it badly . 
  if i did n't noticed those subtle differences , i would think they 're all a same guy . 
  which , again , will not be holy nor roman . 
  hmh , you 're talking about romani , romanians ? 
  or merely citizens of rome ? 
  so they spend more money to not spend more money ? 
  genius !!, 
  chivalry is giving boost to your troops morale . 
  and i think also boosts city happiness , if general is in settlement . 
  not an expert on roman tactics , but i 'll go with gut feeling and say yes . 
  they would n't go and help , unless ordered to . 
  cause from what they all know , another wave of enemies is coming already . 
  and being out of formation when they attack would be a disaster . 
  well , happier settlement means increased growth , so that 's little obvious . 
  i think . 
  i like how montenegro remained in war with japan , until 2006 . 
  hmh , what the fuck that has to do with not wanting to have a child ? 
  child did n't do anything wrong and you flat out say that . 
  so , the hell ? 
  to je prevara !, 
  +1 for balkan centric humor,
