  ypg denies any negotiations took place at all . 
  that did n't stop fsa rebels from breaking east aleppo siege and that 's with russian air strikes . 
  why would it stop sdf rebels ? 
  that 's rich coming from you as you post maytham956 and sayed_ridha posts constantly . 
  unless they strike a deal with rebels to get supplies from their territory . 
  spoils of war term has been frequently using during ww2 by the allies when showing off captured weapons , equipments and fascist flags . 
  were they barbarians too ? 
  rhetorical question , no they were n't . 
  and guess what , those are considered war crimes !, 
  not spoils of wars . 
  considering his reporting history , there 's 70 % chance that ypg closed castello road . 
  i doubt you hot a donkey like that and get away without donkey 's reprisal . 
  to create uncertainty . 
  erdogan wants to get as much he can from both eu/nato and russia/iran . 
  by playing with and against both sided , turkey got itself in good position for oportunities due to their huge strategic value . 
  nato ca n't afford to lose turkey , eu needs turkey cooporating due to refugee crisis , iran had mutual far-left kurdish problem and russia wants easy access to mediteranian sea . 
  it is dangerious game though , we shall with time how it will go . 
  they 're mad that russia went to cash in on cheap propaganda instead of keeping russian presence there to be deniable . 
  they tried that by tgeur safe zone plan but us rejected those plans as they did n't want boots on the ground on syria and it was obvious ploy to undermine sdf . 
  well that did n't kast long . 
  socialist federative republic of yugoslavia . 
  why he always posts that , i do n't have idea . 
  sfry does n't exactly exist anymore though . 
  deniable in same sense how russia 's military in ukraine was deniable . 
  as in , nobody really buys it but it keeps uncertainty . 
  no he is n't , he 's been mostly wrong and spreading lies ever since south aleppo offensive started . 
  and levelling concrete buildings to the ground is n't a simple task either . 
  however they have n't even deny those claims either , something what they 'd usually do . 
  so , something has to be going there for ypg to remain quiet . 
  there are bombs capable to do that , but that would required a strategic bomber with free fall bombs . 
  considering how close regime held buildings are to the artillery base , that would only cause more harm to regime then to rebels . 
  nope , because that sort of bomb needs to make a massive explosions to destroy concrete buildings . 
  really , only efficient way to destroy concrete buildings is to set up explosive on critical structures like columns . 
  by destroying those , gravity and buildings weight will do rest of the job . 
  but requires to first capture the building , put bombs and then get out before it explodes . 
  regime ca n't even get the first part and if they could , they 're prefer to hold that building over destroying it . 
  i think they 're more likely gon na mask their real intention to directly help rebels to capture that city . 
  without unified command chain , it makes unit cooperation inefficient and always under risk of falling apart . 
  translation would be lovely . 
  that 's a shame , but at least we know now . 
  that 's still a village , just very tiny one . 
  i still find it strange it took them this long to reject the claims they closed the road . 
  and as much as i find ridha a terrible source , but since he is popular pro-regime reporter , [ he did mention ] ( https://twitter.com/sayed_ridha/status/767675543865008130 ) that ypg did fire rockets on that road . 
  so something did happen between aleppo ypg and regime today , but what exactly ? 
   the official pages of the sm ypg deny this and opening of relations to the rebels in aleppo . 
  the denied the first part , but not the second part . 
  they 'll surrender most likely . 
  they know ypg does n't torture nor execute their prisoners , so there 's no point to suffer through a siege without no hope of getting it lifted . 
   the idlib/aleppo pocket, 
  that 's not a pocket . 
  the do n't merely have technically a border with turkey , they in reality have an open and big open border with turkey . 
  and idlib is the only major city that rebels hold . 
  rebels are not surrounded in idlib nor in aleppo . 
  and their other holdings , excluding the southern front , are actually surrounded and in pockets . 
  ypg aleppo denied they had closed the road , but they never denied they had attempted or will attempt to close the road . 
  so if they are trying this now or again , then that would explain why it took them whole day to deny claims made early today . 
  zinki rebel group had open humanitarian corridor for ypg , which is a smart idea . 
  it would be rather genius move , or just most likely very lucky result , if erdogan appeasement with russia and iran had made regime to get reckless and attacks kurds with airstrikes . 
  only to result for kurds to later on joining forces with turkish backed rebels against the regime . 
  that way erdogan get 's his unified rebellion against assad , while kurds are put under a leash by their alliance with rebels . 
  i 'm overthinking this certainly , but hey this war made me learn that very unlikely scenarios eventually do happen to everyone 's shock . 
  civilians yes . 
  ypg ? 
  they urged for cooperation over humanitarian corridor , but that 's about it for now at least . 
  so even if you say it 's true , that still means ypg upholds to proper standards in war . 
  something that ca n't be said for regime . 
  that would be a disaster for iran though , they need to those economic sanctions off them . 
  they 'll lose their influence if their economy takes a nose dive . 
  no it 's not , it 's a major speculation . 
  we have no idea what sort of deal did turkey , iran and russia strike . 
  nor if they did agreed on anything substitutional at all . 
  they have the same beard , it must be !, 
  really now , although it 's difficult to say for sure due to different angles , but those two have different nose , hairline and lips . 
   why do we always assume clinton will win ? 
  [ because of this reality ] ( http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo#plus ) . 
  it was true though , trump had pathetic 2-3 % of support before first primaries debates while jeb bush had comfortable 36 % support . 
  after first debates , or more like shouting match , trump devastated bush and had completely reversed their polling support . 
  trump was a wildcard that gop allowed to happen because they refused to have proper moderation in their debates . 
  for that stupid move , they got mister trump to out-shout his opposition to victory . 
  that will not happen for presidential elections debates . 
  maybe even less , i doubt ndf is willing to fight til bitter end like isis . 
  they are probably hoping for relief force or for ceasefire negotiations to return things back to status quo . 
  for one , there is still no kurdistan . 
  and if you count iraqi kurdistan , turkey has no issues to recognize iraqi kurdistan 's independence , since kurdish ruling political party has no association with pkk and in fact hate them as well . 
  do n't give me that trump talk , you 're just insulting people 's intelligence . 
  jeb lost because he had no idea how to do a shouting match , it was uncharacteristic for him . 
  due to that he appeared very weak among republicans . 
  if they managed to pull off to get what is their ideal kurdistan territory , they 'll definitely have a major political strife . 
  but i doubt they 'll go to outright civil war . 
  especially not because independence would cause nationalism fervour and nation would be completely united for at around 10 years . 
  only if it 's a repeated offense . 
  it 's considered to be on same level as harassment . 
  wow , so both northern and southern rebels are unifying their groups . 
  that is even more huge . 
  yeah . 
  while his reporting is very accurate , his commentary is too zealous and bloodthirsty . 
  that is understandable . 
  i would n't be surprised if i acted like that if my country was in war again . 
  holding of for your humanity is very hard in times like those , but most people do manage pull through it even with many mistakes . 
  so iranian mediators gave up now ?
