  what idiot thought it was a good idea to put that video on fast forward ? 
  it 's only missing benny hill theme . 
  so much for being anti-western `` corruption '' . 
  private sector is bad !, 
  baaaaad !!, 
  my lucky guess it 's due to violation for subreddit 's first rule . 
  yesterday , leader of insurgents there claimed he 'll hold of nazi ukraine army for next 1-2 weeks to save 30k residents from getting massacred . 
  today , he run away with all of his troops ( and hostages ) while no massacre is taking place . 
  i 'm a slav and i have no idea the fuck that means either . 
  i like that small applause . 
  in what local stores insurgents bought those ? 
  i somehow would n't be shocked if iraqi kurds invade syria to land connect syrian kurds so they can become part of kurdistan . 
  but it would be highly risky , as invading a sovereign state is a no-go for un . 
  which would make it hard for them to become part of un . 
  if they fully encircle donetsk , ua wo n't even need to fire artillery on the city, 
  all they need to do is to wait for insurgents to rout and surrender and/or local population forces insurgents to surrender . 
  i think some left at hospital , as the wounded were left behind . 
  basically , ukrainians are the good guys . 
  that 's a platoon , not a squad . 
  ~ ~ well in shown picture , it looks like it 's only a platoon . ~ ~, 
  never mind , there 's actually lot more people when i actually started to count . 
  to be fair , napoleon won every battle . 
  what he never planned for is russians refusing to surrender , despite losing all important regions . 
  meanwhile , he also did n't planned for prolonged occupation of russia , so lack of logistic and supplies for that defeated him . 
  insurgents do n't have the luxury to do the same , so they 're basically idiots . 
   what happened at waterloo then ? 
  it was a really long shot for napoleon then . 
  it 's amazing he even pulled off such battle and fought really well too . 
  but alas his position was really poor and had very very little room for mistakes , that alas happened . 
   ukrainians were long time in this limbo of fake peace , during which they were losing more battles than during war . 
  battles do n't win wars though . 
  and reason why ukraine was in this limbo is due to fear to create too much collateral damage . 
  those were still their cities and people . 
  turning them into battlegrounds would be a high cost in long run . 
  as well there was still issues on who 's still loyal in ukraine army to ukraine , as nearly 1/3 of ukraine armed forces defected to russia on crimea alone . 
  as well there was still no elected president until few weeks ago . 
  hell , they still need to elect new parliament , which wo n't happen until late this year . 
  ukraine did amazingly well so far , despite massive internal and external struggle . 
  and now we can safely start talking war is over for insurgents , unless new pointless ceasefire is enacted which insurgents will most likely violate or russia invades ukraine mainland as well . 
  but , but ... 
  totally legitimate crimean republic promised to respect it 's minorities !, 
  wait , slovyansk has population of only 50 people ? 
  possible translations ? 
  hiding behind civilians as meat shield ? 
  nah , nothing wrong with that . 
  totally all ukraine neo-nazi junta !, 
   for the rebels it is easier to defend empty city . 
  not really , ukraine army will be more willing to fight in urban warfare without civilians around . 
  which would be utterly absurd amount of weapons for just 500-1000 insurgents that fled the city . 
  if insurgents do n't have a word in it , that peace plan is useless . 
  and insurgent demands are utterly unreasonable and unrealistic for ukraine to accept . 
  [ once ua liberates back this city ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/place/debal%27tseve/@48.34098,38.4266419,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x40e06cbacd8d4763:0x451cc6338f9207c0 ) , it 's all over . 
  dpr and lpr will be fully cut off from each other . 
  but insurgents never stood a chance without russians invading ukraine once again . 
  only thing that can keep afloat is another pointless ceasefire ( which poroshenko wo n't do again most likely ) or russian invasion . 
  well ... 
  i could n't sleep entire night tonight . 
  i was distracted ... by something . 
  because it looks badass to them ? 
   the worst thing kiev can do is issue an ultimatum that donetsk will be blockaded until separatists surrender/are routed by locals , but i fear that is what they may do . 
  that 's the best thing kiev can do . 
  the worst would be is to turn donetsk into stalingrad . 
   the germany-ghana game was awesome . 
  rarely any flops, 
  which surprising as muller is european queen of diving . 
  depends on a country . 
  in croatia , for example , it 's required by a law that you carry an id from age of 16 . 
  you 'll be fined if you 're not carrying id while outside private home . 
  however , passports are fully optional while can be used as replacement for id 's . 
  well , ukraine government did they said they will allow for civilians to leave their city freely through specified corridors . 
  besides , insurgents would most likely surrender long before starvation even becomes an issue to homeless people . 
  even if they got a pilot to fly it , he would n't stand a chance against rest of ukraine airforce . 
  ukraine would have either got their jet back , by forcing that pilot to land to their airport , or shoot it down in case pilot does n't comply . 
  * strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory . 
  tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat . 
  more for / r/bad _ religion , but too lazy to post a thread there . 
  and rather small . 
  i prefer the great spirit , buddhism , hinduism and eastern spirituality to the lord jesus christ : ( t/f ), 
  this question is just silly . 
  why lump in few different religions that share same geological locations with just one religion ? 
   most wimpy whites prefer the solipsistic and amoral spiritual systems of the orient to the supremely ethical teachings of christ . 
  i 'm pretty certain there 's just as much black people as white people , worshiping jesus christ . 
  christianity ai n't specific to any race , so it 's not white men only club . 
  not even ethnicity specific , so god ai n't a serb either . 
   when asked to produce something from these exotic traditions that even remotely compare to the ethical teachings of matthew 's sermon on the mount , they go on a screed about slavery , genocide , and evil mighty whitey . 
  i. . . what ? 
  i do n't get the point here . 
  i managed to go little further . 
   when the europeans came , north american indians were living in the stone age . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand done . 
  first off , that did n't happened in ukraine so far . 
  this is just a isolated incident . 
  similar thing happened several months ago when some svoboda mp forced some russian tv broadcaster in kiev to sign resignation , but it was declared illegitimate ( dumbass recorded it and posted it online , just like this guy ) and that mp faced prosecution . 
  second , russia does that show trials the time and separatist goal is to become part of russia . 
  does n't exactly shows their concern over that thing . 
  usa got out of recession recently . 
  there are now less unemployed now then before 2008 global recession . 
  artillery weaponry are n't precise , so shells misfire often due to wind and temperature . 
   if your cause is already lost, 
  cause for palestine state is far from lost .
