  ah , prothean lovers would rejoice . 
  still almost sounds like protheans and it 's fans still rejoice . 
   according to him , the illuminati was a group of people who were trying to expand their knowledge , but were forced to become a secret society because the catholic church in the middle ages did n't like that since it would lead to the church 's power weakening . 
  however , to ensure that none of them spread their ideas , the church infiltrated them . 
  this led to different sects splitting off , including some started by secret agents of the church . 
  these sects gained more control through the church and other groups . 
  one of these became the conspiracy that controls everything . 
  sounds similar to something i want to write for my sci-fi fiction . 
  to oversimplify it , organizations that tries to make new world order is in conflict with organizations of the old world order . 
   this is art . 
  i hope we get a beautiful love arc between stalin and hitler . 
  that 's bioware territory . 
   same reason reddit 's commiesphere is circlejerking over how horrible the protestors in ukraine against putin and yanukovych are, 
  while i do see that frequently , it is nearly always downvoted to oblivion . 
  majority of redditors are strongly pro-euromaiden . 
  yeah , we 're kinda are getting sick of the lost causers . 
  we need new content . 
   and the 1998 world cup did n't they ? 
  because they cheated !, 
  croatia should have went to finals !, 
  croats were doing that before it became mainstream . 
  * puts hipster glassses on *, 
  damn , wanted to link the exact same story . 
  it was a really big story in the country , for that day . 
  croatia is gon na reap brazil to shreds in opening of world cup !, 
  albania is just hanging blue alone down there . 
  who cares , they 're frenchies !, 
  everybody hates them in football !, 
  they 've build a third one ? 
  oh right , i forgot they can be giant homophobes . 
  scotland is gon na finally wins some football cups , now !, 
  well the pope did excommunicated crusaders and venetian republic for pillaging christian cities . 
  on i je ve\u0107 progla\u0161en imperijalist . 
  of all the friends from all over the world , why do n't i have a german one ? 
  cause my dad founds a job in germany , but needs to learn basic german first . 
  and i 'll likely need to come to him to work there , as he alone ca n't earn enough to pa for entire family livelihood . 
  so i need to learn german now . 
  or get lucky and find decent pay job in croatia or get even luckier and find a job in england , since i know english really well . 
  but , realistically , i need to learn german . 
  nah , just struggling to play the witcher 2 on my ancient hardware . 
   can someone explain to me the relationship between croatia , russia and the ukraine though ? 
  between croatia and ukraine is friendly enough . 
  due to there was a significantly large minority of ukrainians living in croatia during yugoslavia . 
  they put some minor impact to culture in eastern croatia . 
  today they barely even register , as most of them either moved out , assimilated or died . 
  though there is a ukrainian folk dance and music club that continues to keep connection between croats and ukrainians . 
  heck , my sisters and neighbor cousins are part of it . 
  but in general we 're both to each under the radar . 
  with russia we 're very indifferent . 
  only thing we care about russia is their oil and gas . 
  russia in other hand does n't give a shit , until serbia does so . 
  and even then they do n't really give a shit , only to the point to appease serbia . 
  so overall not much going on , as we 're just too far to have influence to each other and any historic tie is small and lasted short . 
  not sure why you 're asking though . 
  oh i fully forgot that it is assumed croats lived in western parts of modern day ukrainian territory and it 's called [ white croatia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_croatia ) . 
  but it does n't mean much to our relations though . 
  edit # 1, 
  goddamn it , how did you misread crimea with croatia ?!, 
  here i thought you probably found something interesting i did n't know . 
  croatia likes to associates itself a lot with austria and germany , then with ex-yugoslav republics . 
  only thing we care for our ex-yugoslav neighbors is slovenia not shutting up over borders dispute , bosnia due to big croatian population living and for historical ties of croatia ruling it , while with serbia is war crimes accusations . 
  overall we prefer looking to the west . 
  though in general , we do n't get offended when people put as in eastern/balkans bloc . 
  heck , we consider ourselves to be eastern/balkan , just wanting to be way more western . 
  except for political elite and rich people . 
  they got pissed if you do n't consider them western . 
  well as long as they do n't try to rule us again , people here are very fine with austrians . 
  plus , in continental parts of croatia most known and important historic buildings are made from austrian architecture . 
  besides , it was hungarians ruling elite we hated during austrian empire . 
  what the hell that even means ? 
  obama ? 
  leftist ? 
  and in far left ? 
  pfff-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-haha-hahahaha-hahahahahahaha !!!, 
  you 're so cute americans . 
  now it makes sense . 
  as in why it does n't make sense , but conclusion came from it . 
  i think the original horseshoe theory is a good simple example of political extremes existing on both left and right . 
  well , we can pretend holy roman empire being like eu prototype . 
   vietnam : has never been illegal . 
  til vietnam the most progressive country in world !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joking . 
  but that 's so mainstream . 
  this is worse then lincoln !, 
  support homophobic rights !, 
  opet referendum ? 
  suck it / r/serbia !!, 
  a civil war ? 
  how did come up with that ? 
  there was still no civil war nor resembling it started . 
  that would be helpful . 
  what was your argument ? 
  you could have counter with there are many anti-missiles defenses that would quickly destroy missiles before even getting close to south korea ( as in , american occupied korea ! ) . 
  and it 's conventional artillery that is a real problem . 
  because bioware forgot . 
  mods are worse then putin !, 
  you 're overestimating russian military capabilities . 
   and that uganda could 've have beaten germany, 
  i 'm sorry , but this is just too stupid to be funny !, 
  dnevno.hr would be proud !,
