  but damn those isis often time indirectly helps assad by their moronic `` we fight against everyone '' policy . 
  even with major bias favoring regime , this is still a pretty bad situation for regime . 
  lame trolling attempt , dude . 
  i somehow doubt turkey has 60k special forces troops in general . 
  holy shit indeed !, 
  lovely fairy tail . 
  near menacir , i believe is what he meant . 
  is n't coal mines and miners a symbol of donetsk ? 
  because , that only makes it worse beyond economic ramifications , for the so-called rebels . 
   armies used to execute marauders on the spot as recently as ww2 . 
  there was also no such thing as internationally agreed rules of law nor term crimes against humanity until after ww2 . 
  at very least nobody in ukraine will be on receiving end of those grads stockpiles . 
  how do you arrest a property ? 
  i do n't think that 's how reactive armor works . 
  what a waste of good lives . 
  armed crackdown of peaceful protest is fascism 101 . 
  this is one of many reasons why i 'll never be able take any pro-russian supporters seriously . 
  man rebels are just not stopping . 
  i 'd say unaware . 
  yeah , iran needs to look over it 's economy first now as sanctions against it are n't lift yet . 
  that 's not friendship , that 's how foreign diplomatic meetings are done between country leaders . 
  syrian airforce is a joke . 
  while their pilots may be very skilled and experienced , their aircrafts are old and have little to no accuracy . 
  no chance , hillary wo n't risk to have such negative controversy during her campaign . 
  pretty sure usa is occupying iraq a lot more then iran . 
  just because iraq is heavily influenced by iran , it 's not an occupation . 
  i worded it poorly . 
  i meant to say us is more likely occupying iraq then iran . 
  that 's gon na be a large pocket . 
  if this is true , i do n't think turkey would ever let that ship go back to black sea . 
  til erdogan 's palace caused bricks drought in entire turkey . 
  i mean seriously , syrian state tv is n't even trying at this point . 
  oh indeed , guy seriously wants to be a sultan . 
  at the same time ? 
  so much for speculated usa dropping support for rebels . 
  jesus , they 're like a year older and younger then me . 
  it 's just unsettling to me these two around my age are going through all these . 
  how do you register for closed beta , anyway ? 
  there is fov slider , but it 's incredibly limited . 
  * ponos . 
  7 yugoslav national army planes were involved in this failed bombing attack , 6 mig 21 's and 1 mig 29 , as target was a very strategically important bridge on border between croatia and bosnia . 
  due to importance of bridge , croatian army had deployed heavy aa presence in both cities of slavonski brod and bosanski brod . 
  all 6 mig 21 ` st were shot down , while mig 29 was heavily damaged but managed to land safely in banja luka . 
  future bombing attacks of that bridge would n't happen below 3000 meters . 
  all of which failed to destroy the bridge . 
  this video is a documentary , perhaps ? 
  i hate you . 
  mainly because iran is in no position to destroy isis . 
  sure they have a capable military but without proper economy to back military logistics , iran will just collapse on itself . 
  and even if , hypothetically , usa lifts sanctions on iran today , iran would still not see a proper economic recovery for many more months . 
  so iran ca n't do more then send volunteer and not so volunteer militias with some military officers to train or even command it 's allied country 's troops . 
  basically , iran gives tough talk but can only do little in truth . 
  trigger warning for all new yorkers ? 
  pretty sure they 're shooting at saa troops around that tank . 
  they pretty much are , they have yet to declare any independence from iraq . 
  either i underestimated rebels of their offensive capabilities or they are overestimating themselves right now, 
  because damn , rebels are just advancing almost everywhere . 
  well that 's just stupid for few obvious reasons . 
   as a pro-rebel person , you do n't know how glad i am that the regime is more concerned with saving face than winning the war, 
  you know the saying , never correct your enemy when he 's making a mistake . 
  but it 's incredibly risky . 
  it will be a sad day when he retires . 
   this airbase near aleppo took out hundereds ** if not thousands of rebels **, 
  that 's bit of a stretch . 
  happy birthday / r/syriancivilwar !, 
  i do hope you do n't have another birthday , since i 'm sure everyone with any empathy wants for this war to end . 
  your lord , apparently . 
  nah , seems usual youtube comment quality . 
  obama 's administration is doing everything to avoid being involved in this war , yet 56 % of russians think it 's all us fault . 
  it completely failed to get on evacuator while it 's engine shot down and it went back to road . 
  that 's an utter failure . 
   sure he helped lead in ww2 . 
  stalin helped hitler in slaughtering millions of russians by his sheer incompetence and stupidity . 
  if pretty much anyone else was ruling ussr instead of stalin , a lot less russians would have died , germans would not nearly as successful and overall ww2 would have been shorter and less destructive . 
  ea sports is it 's own division , as well it 's where ea get 's shit ton of money every year world wide . 
  no chance they 'll ever get rid of sports games . 
  in fact , if ea were to ever bankrupt , ea sports would just separate as own company . 
  so ai n't happening . 
   there are almost no rebels who will go against nusra and isis . 
  against nusra maybe , but no rebels going against isis is nonsense . 
  this is a comedy gold . 
  this is just plain laughable , considering how eu was in denial that minks 2 truce worked as battle of debaltseve was raging on . 
  well it is pro-rebel source . 
  but it does n't mean saa is on verge on getting to hospital , just that they are trying . 
  well movies are there to tell stories . 
  even when based on true events and directing goes out of it 's way to be as authentic as possible , it will still sacrifice reality of war over a good storytelling . 
  books can get away with that , movies not so much . 
  well whole point of nazi germany of waging conquest is to loot countries it was conquering . 
  time is running out for assad to rescue them . 
  this is getting closer and closer to be yet another massive blow to regime 's morale . 
  so that 's why i was very creped out while looking at these pics . 
  not a single child cracks a smile . 
  because executioners cover their faces ? 
  are they regime or rebel fighters ? 
  china needs modern naval technology , so they would lot more likely keep these ships to build own modern versions of it in future . 
  pretty sure soviets came in with 1000 's tanks and with trains full with millions of soldiers . 
  ah , that means new pro-russian offensive will start any day now . 
  thanks for heads up , putin . 
  well i assumed as much . 
  wait , when did croatia annexed bosnia ?
