  game is unplayable for me . 
  best fps i get is 7 !, 
  i can play shogun 2 just fine on medium settings , yet rome 2 on everything low is unplayable . 
  do hope it 's same case like with empires , when game was unplayable for me for same reason until first patch . 
  until patch , i need to hide in my corner and cry in sadness . 
  `` there are no compulsory vaccination '' for the moment i read vacation . 
  while in one hand i do n't want anyone harmed , but on the other i want for those nutcases to dare to do such thing . 
  `` if a public official abandons his wife and family for a slut , no one says anything . '', 
  wait , what ? 
  sex scandals are the worst scandals for mainstream media . 
  no , i 'm still the first picture . 
  need to wait for a patch for game to be properly optimized . 
  technically , racism is intolerance towards people of different race . 
  so intolerance any religion , ethnicity or anything else then race is not racism . 
  bigotry , in other hand , fits all intolerance in technical terms . 
  shit , i 'm hugely racist then . 
  pc master race superior , console peasants inferior !, 
  wait , people still give a damn about fukushima ? 
  unless you 're from japan cause it effects electricity usage to whole country and especially living in or near fukushima , why should you give a shit ? 
  the worst ended and it 's contained , thanks to japanese experts and hugely dedicated volunteers . 
  `` and the west is worse than hitler . '', 
  but , hitler is from west . 
  so ofcourse west is worse then hitler . 
  we had hitler and other warmongering genocidal assholes . 
  it 's a simple math . 
  see ? 
  i really hate when people use nazi analogy 95 % of the time . 
  unplayable for me on the lowest settings , despite being able to play shogun 2 on medium just fine . 
  well you 're no gamer , from not seeing i 'm making an obvious joke . 
  lol , yeah . 
  i find it funny how people say their game is unplayable with 25 fps . 
  bitch please , try 7 !, 
  and i 'll try that , thx . 
  what 's with their fetish with fluoride ? 
  they just love to play as a victim . 
  oh wow , i missed big fun . 
  did that ct actually existed ? 
  sounds like some asshole to me . 
  `` america is apparently more anti gun than the uk '' that 's ... 
  how ?!, 
  i do n't understand this stupidity . 
  my head hurts now . 
  no , that 's the issue why benghazi is still relevant . 
  republicans are desperate to take out hillary , even though there 's more then 3 years left until next presidential elections . 
  now that 's insane accuracy . 
  nobody likes the boy loving greeks !, 
  manly man only !, 
  too many `` this is sparta '' memes , made ancient europe to form coalition to battle that annoyance . 
  empires had 6 major patches . 
  i guess they realized that wreck they made was unsalvageable there . 
  i 'm so proud of you , a.i. 
  link does n't work . 
  edit # 1 it works now . 
  monaco no relevant enough for facts !, 
  lol , i goddamn knew it was the case !, 
  then again , i will do the same when i get to play as sparta . 
  enjoy pillaging rome !, 
  what is this , world war 1 starting 3 and half centuries sooner ? 
  burning flag is cleansing for you ? 
  bitch please , i 'm from balkans . 
  well ufo 's are real . 
  whenever some jackass refuses to identify or has no radio on a plane , airport goes nuts when sees a unknown flying object flying close to commercial planes . 
  well , / r/conspiracy sent downvote brigade on ya . 
  nope , just this kind of key words are begging me to do `` i 'm from balkans '' joke . 
  someone should make a video and see how does this formation works in battle . 
  highly likely unsuccessfully , but should be huge fun to see . 
  what , you want to give sega 's ceo 's a hearthattack with heretical things like public beta 's ? 
  peta is gon na go nuts on this !, 
  until they get get crucified . 
  heh , someone should really try that . 
  at least you can play the game on 8-bit . 
  i ca n't at all , until optimization get 's patched . 
  plus , russia is truly totalitarian state and putin is it 's dictator masked as elected president or prime minister , depending on elections . 
  `` love for dictators '' nah , reading lot 's of history books and watching documentaries does that as well . 
  video is private . 
  why the fuck would jews span a christian society ? 
  so , will anyone debunk this whole `` documentary '' ? 
  cause , that 's the only way i 'll be able to watch it . 
  without committing suicide . 
  or religion just needs to adapt so it 's teaching must mature and face it that most of it 's scriptures are mostly symbolic , so they can be comprehended by childlike mindset of past times . 
  humanity , societies , cultures and nations evolved , religions should too . 
  those who do n't , will die off . 
  yeah , just watched south park 's summary on mormonism . 
  that is ... pretty damn dumb . 
  how the hell do they explain christianity spreading from middle east to greece , rome then rest of europe ? 
  nice to know my muslim brothers have same problems as my fellow christians . 
  well , i guess that clears it up a bit . 
  many of the `` sub-humans '' also believed they are part o the so-called aryan race . 
  so ss had easy time to get those fanatics to fill their ranks . 
  but , what the hell eu gains from those wars ? 
   til russia today is owned by the serbian government ? 
  lmao !, 
  what does 98 % stands for ? 
   down to saying the united states was losing its anglo-saxon nature, 
  but , anglo-saxons seized to exist long before america was even discovered . 
  especially not between catholics and eastern orthodox here in western balkans !, 
  we are always holding hands and singing kumbaya !, 
  wait , why is jobs there yet no gates ? 
  well canada was still british colony then , right ? 
  they could have build balloon base there , get the balloons , firebomb the whitehouse and then usa is a british colony once again .
