   the funny thing i 've been realizing is people here forget that china will be the major challenger to the united states . 
  it 's gon na take them decades for that ( most of china is still in 3rd world standard and domestic economy is shit ) and their foreign policy is n't a threat to any sovereign nation . 
  by that i mean it has no grand plan to annex it 's neighboring states , not by not having territorial disputes . 
  russia wants to bring back soviet union , which means annexing back eastern european countries . 
  which just some disputed territory , that most countries on planet have . 
  stalin was a shitty military commander . 
  in fact his cleansing among military ranks are responsible for millions of russians getting killed by german invaders . 
  if not for that , those officers and generals would have been alive and do way better job defending the country while shortening ww2 . 
  nothing new , nothing too see here . 
  with that guy , he may had hold an empty rifle to act edgy . 
  sadly , they 're all lousy shots . 
  we are helping bosnia that way . 
  and ourselves . 
  but our country does n't start with `` s '' . 
  putin is the last person who cares . 
  come on summer sale , i want the damn civ v complete . 
  well , there are still kurds . 
  jel ' to dobra ideja ? 
   and to add onto that , the economic burden of raising both crimean and ukrainian living standards to russian levels is an undertaking in itself . 
  eeeeh , with exception of moscow and st. petersburg , ukraine living standards are higher then russian one . 
  source ? 
  welp , i should look on other sites more often now . 
  context ? 
  13th 's a charm , right ? 
  german advanced engineering at work , mate !, 
  well the last coup was in 2006 . 
  time to annex back bosnia to correct this . 
  referendum odma !, 
  prokleti zid !, 
  ` muh states rights !, 
  he lost the popular vote , though . 
  which sadly does n't matter in us retarded undemocratic system . 
  latest presidential elections in afghanistan managed to happen , despite taliban threats and few attacks . 
  a bunch polling stations were closed for security reasons , but overall elections still got more then 60 % of voter turnout . 
  and ukraine is a heaven compared to afghanistan , so i think they 'll manage to have voting in most parts of eastern ukraine . 
  i 'm only saying it 's possible to be done , not that is good . 
  traitors of ukraine use similiar flags from american traitors . 
  how lovely . 
  and since there was a report of them using nigerians students as slaves , not too long ago , they pretty much become a perfect match with csa . 
  glenn beck nije tolko lud niti glup ( no nije tolko daleko ) , rush limbaugh prvo to treba povezati s obamom , a alex jones je trenutno zauzet sa drugim fantazijama . 
  which militias did for free . 
  pretty . 
  debatable . 
  that was infinitely better . 
  we 're not talking about dogs , but a bad singer . 
  zajebava se on . 
  time stamp on most website on internet ( even on google ) are often time inaccurate . 
  they 're often caught missing by minutes , hours , days , months , even years . 
  i remember when sandy hook massacre happen with many conspiracy theorists nutcases showing articles about sandy hook massacre article with time stamp in 1980 's . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  you mean what they had before with yanukovich and before him ? 
  what a shocker that an eastern european country 's politicians are oligarchs . 
  more like force next oligarch to have strong ties with eu , which will demand heavy anti-corruption programs that would give huge blow to oligarchy in long run . 
  plus , next president of ukraine knows he or she will deal with euromaidan protestors again , if he or she does n't make necessary steps . 
  plus , euromaidan protestors would now be stronger and more organized , as they have experienced and many volunteered to join new national guard . 
  so if they 'll have to think twice , before going back to yanukovich 's path . 
  oh and yanukovich was trying to make ukraine his own dictatorship , which no other oligarch desires . 
  they desire that even less so now . 
  it 's very foolish to think anything can fully remove corruption . 
  it 's in human nature to desire more then others have and many will use illegal ( immoral and unethical ways too ) to get more then others . 
  elimination of corruption is impossible , but minimizing it is . 
  and as much as i dislike eu , it 's programs to battle corruption work really well . 
  corrupt system gives corrupt people easier and longer way for corrupt to benefit from corruption . 
  reform and maintain the system for the better , then the corrupt have really hard time to benefit from their corrupt ways . 
  they 'll find they way , but it will much harder , much less beneficial and they 'll do lesser damage . 
  oh and obviously easier to get caught in their act . 
  and that 's why the eu can do . 
  if next ukraine president and government wants to have highly beneficial trade deal with the eu , they 'll have to reform their corrupt system into something better . 
  which is in long term a great thing . 
  no need to even join the eu for that , my country implemented anti-corruption programs long before joining eu and police is having a field day by arresting and putting on trial corrupt politicians and businessman , for past couple of years . 
  funnily , croatian prime minister that started the talks with the eu is behind the bars for corruption , war profiteering , money laundering and abuse of power . 
  and there 's more trials awaiting him . 
  so yeah , eu is effective on that , plus gives better trading system between countries . 
  though , uh , not really useful for anything else . 
  but for ukraine , that would be a great thing long term , then to stick with russia and allow oligarch to remain like they are or even get worse by making ukraine into a dictatorship . 
  you do know yugoslavian economy in 1980 's collapsed because yugoslav economic policies utterly depended on loaning money from usa and ussr ? 
  which both superpowers seized to do , as cold war was pretty much done by then so had no reason to keep yugoslavia neutral anymore . 
  yeah , that 's what lead to break up of yugoslavia , giving nationalist rise a big momentum . 
  the us bankers , corporations and wall street brokers fucked that one up , but the us policies are overprotective to the rich and caused `` too big to prosecute '' trend . 
  and due to us heavy influence on the eu , less then a handful of people were jailed in both the us and the eu . 
  maybe because break away republic put economic reforms that shown big potential of loans getting payed back in long run ? 
  seriously , why would you loan someone money if you 'll never get return . 
  especially with interest . 
  that 's the whole point of loaning money in interest . 
  you loan someone a money , that someone builds a capital of that loan , then returns money in interest so loaner profits in long run . 
  yugoslavia 's economy was too small and yet it insisted to keep huge spending on it 's socialist utopia system , making it pointless and self-destructive for anyone to give loans that will never get payed back . 
  it 's shit like that that makes me despise usa and eu , but sadly alternative is far worse . 
  at least they do n't tolerate oligarch . 
  well , eu anyway . 
  usa is pretty much becoming corporate monopolistic oligarchy . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  i 'm fed up with politicizing and `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  they lead us nowhere or to worse situation . 
  yeah , after that deal with china he said he wo n't recognize elections . 
  eeeeeh , poroshenko has 57 % lead . 
  plus he promised parliamentary elections by this year too . 
  they 're not running for elections . 
  bah , this does n't the tackle real bad history . 
  the truth is tesla is actually macedonian !, 
  though to be fair to tesla , he did died before knowing about holocaust .
