  well that 's one tame way of saying it . 
  [ wh40k mod is in plans ] ( https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/warhammer-40k-mod-twilight-of-the-imperium.914524/ ) . 
  however i have yet to see star trek nor mass effect mod plans myself . 
  challenging ? 
  yes . 
  possible ? 
  absolutely . 
  and with hoi4 mod tools being confirmed on that game 's launch , it is possible stellaris and other pi titles based on same engine will get it around same time or later . 
  which should make things easier to mod in future . 
  you might as well suggested magic to be used . 
  what you just proposed is a complete impossibility . 
  well the harsh truth is that your species is inferior !, 
  i had little expectations with beyond earth and never even heard of alpha centauri until much after beyond earth was released . 
  yet game still disappointed me . 
  it was basically civ v without heart and soul of historical nations and their leader personalities . 
  game is way too vanilla with a major of void of any personality . 
  there are sliders for how many solar systems there are ( 200 to 1000 ) , how many starting space state civs are and how many heavy head start from player 's empire . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  problem i have with beyond earth is that is has no personality , at all . 
  there 's just nothing to drive to care for the planet , for my people , for other factions in game . 
  nothing . 
  it 's just an underwhelming game for that alone . 
  the stupider they are , more likely they 'll survive . 
  i do n't understand how can people find this deceitful nitpicky shit funny . 
  apparently making shit up and false negative criticism is funny . 
  i personally solve it by skipping through second-grade comedy sketches to get to real interesting part of video . 
  but , portugal did fought for the entente in ww1 . 
   they will tell you what fun they had . 
  that 's the most disturbing part for me . 
  no , but it will be first paradox game i had pre-ordered . 
  well it 's very first game i had pre-ordered overall . 
  why stop at only one more ? 
  isis has n't got any significant loot from isf for very long time . 
  from saa ? 
  every other week , either or both rebels and isis capture something big from saa . 
  i hope they finally get rid of them there . 
  i still do n't get how isis can even survive there , let alone remain a major military threat . 
  many people find youtubers untrustworthy and corrupt . 
  why sure , those exist , but it 's a gross over generalization . 
  and through let 's play , it 's very hard to fake your opinions and reactions as it 's an unedited playthrough of a game for hours of time . 
  you need some serious endurance to fake your enjoyment of a game with that method . 
  could be reddit itself , they have one strange algorithm that upvotes or downvotes you automatically to tackle bots . 
  so you trust faith to syria to a guy who caused this war in first place ? 
  except for the fact , both assad and gaddafi , had completely and utterly failed to keep peace and stability of their respected countries . 
  their iron grip rule had failed , trying to get it back is doomed to fail again . 
  nothing but hollow words . 
  assad had many times states no to federalization and no to autonomy for kurds . 
  he wants to return syria back to status quo pre-war . 
  that is not happening . 
  conflict between regime and kurds is inevitable . 
  if we forget the existence of kurds and western coalition that is doing most of the fighting against isis , along with iraq . 
  do n't underestimate assad 's stubbornness . 
  it should be out on 7pm in central european summer time . 
  except you 're trying to put it under false light . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that studios and it 's developers are forced to do microtransactions . 
  in past decade , not a single person from these companies had revealed that there 's any sort of publisher intimidation over it 's studios . 
  not a single whistle-blower !, 
  none !, 
  zero !, 
  it 's a complete fabrication by people on internet , so that they can scape goat publishers from all wrong doings . 
  reality is , especially proven with indie industry today , is that studios and developers are just as corrupt and greedy as are these publishers . 
  looks like rebels had dig in pretty well . 
  why be sorry for them ? 
  cod infinite warfare will still outsell battlefield 1 , just for name recognition alone . 
  even with the fact cod sales are in decline , cod is still the most sold game almost every year ( only behind fifa every so year ) . 
  although it is concerning for activision , they 're still far from point to really panic . 
  is it just me or this thread is rather petty with criticising that specific thread ? 
  i think i figured it out why you got banned . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't except game look as good as the trailer . 
  but ww1 game with aaa budget ?!, 
  holy shit , i have to play that !, 
  ea wo n't be at e3 though . 
  yet another proof that regime is outright incapable to hold it 's ground without heavy russian involvement . 
  and yet people still think assad can somehow unify syria . 
  ea will have it 's own convection called ea play . 
  it 's kind of a ballsy move by ea to do that , so it 's interesting to see end result . 
  to which assad is in heavy blame for . 
  he allowed , no , helped this terrorists to flourish just to spite us occupational forces in iraq . 
  his stubbornness to allow any meaningful reforms caused the revolution to happen . 
  and his bloodlust idiocy caused civil war when he started to shoot at unarmed protestors . 
  and thanks to all that , isis took over huge chunk of syria and is wrecking havoc in region . 
  assad simply can not , can not , rule unified syria ever again . 
  no matter how much foreign support he 'd get , the moment they leave entire country will collapse again under his rule . 
  man my top speed is like 300 kb/sec . 
  it 's gon na be an agonizing 3-6 hours of download tomorrow . 
  you do n't insults mods , unless you want that banhammer . 
  i hope you meant to say authentic . 
  as there 's no way dice will try to go truly realistic . 
  does n't that just means people outside europe have bad perspective ? 
  because russia ca n't really afford such limited engagements . 
  they already had themselves spent with war in ukraine , suffering economic sanctions , in recession due to low oil prices and rampant corruption already killing their italian size economy . 
  russia screwed itself by thinking it had somehow won a war for assad with few weeks of airstrikes . 
  you severely underestimate the cost of russian intervention . 
  battlefield 1942 used to be free on origin for everyone , but after gamespy severs went down game was removed from origin ( although game can still be downloaded if you have it on your account ) as mp was no longer possible . 
  it was until gamespy servers went down , then game was removed from origin and you ca n't get it off there unless you already have the game on your account . 
  no , not really . 
  france much better equipped then germany , as french outnumbered and outclassed them . 
  especially in airforce and tanks . 
  however france was in domestic political turmoil and their military doctrine was outdated , as they thought next war would be ww1 repeat .
