  video is up now , same link too . 
  well this is different . 
  quarian ark is already said to be somewhere in heleus system in singleplayer campaign . 
  that plot point was already risen to be resolved for sp story . 
  collectors in me3 , meanwhile , came up due to fan request . 
  bioware had no plans to ever make a sp story about collectors in me3 . 
  but neither they were mentioned on nexus nor any other ark. 
  also quarian ark got delayed by unknown amount of time . 
  it is possible they expanded their ark 's cryo pods holding for new arriving batarians . 
  also note , hyperion ark came last to heleus system from first wave , due to drifting away in middle of dark space travel . 
  hence why hyperion came 14 months after nexus did , while every other ark came much sooner ( although time difference not specified ) . 
  ** edit *** # 1 *, 
  why the hell was i downvoted ?!, 
  i was mainly pointing out what happens in me : a and lack of any mention of batarian involvement with ai . 
  they did n't delete video at all , just it was released an hour too early and put on private . 
  it was meant to be coordinated on facebook and twitter . 
  not every batarian is under batarian hegemony regime and not all are slaver pirates . 
  or it just looks like ea refuses to reveal anything ahead of schedule . 
  yeah , no . 
  [ former bioware dev ] ( https://twitter.com/autumnbreezed/status/882298301848195073 ) , now working at dice for sw battlefront 2 , worked on batarian character . 
  she worked on multiplayer aspects for da : i and me : a , and now she does for sw : bf2 . 
  batarian character is not a cut content from sp for mp . 
  also it is absolutely ridiculous to think in first place , why would n't they make a mp characters which they would for sp ? 
  talk about taking a major stretch and leap in conclusion . 
  wait for montreal comic con . 
  bioware will have a panel this saturday and will exclusively talk about me : a. 
  there should finally be some clarity . 
  it is q&a , it will be impossible not to get sp story dlc in question . 
  also it wo n't go on for years . 
  this is a chart of when bioware [ released 1st dlc ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_85iyuv0aeiu5g.jpg ) for each game after it 's release , then chart for when they [ release final dlc ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c_-le_av0aadoay.jpg ) after release . 
  if bioware makes no announcement for sp dlc until around september , confidence for dlc will shatter . 
  and if there 's nothing after close to 1 year anniversary of me : a release , then no amount of grasping for straws will give anyone hopes for either dlc not expansion . 
  well entire reason quarian ark was made along with multiple species , is because of fan request . 
  bioware initially only wanted humans , turians , salarians , asari and krogans in andromeda . 
  but due to fan request , they decided to create quarian ark , only it 's late , set up dlc for it and most likely even writing a novel about ark. 
  all because of a fan request to not cast aside so many beloved mw species . 
   given that there is no story based explanation, 
  * sighs *, 
  [ there will be explantation ] ( https://twitter.com/discobabaloo/status/882285943415164928 ) . 
  it was never stated outright , but bioware devs consistently implied there wo n't be quarians or other `` minor '' species on social media . 
  fans got upset and they started to show their love and support for quarians and other species to be included in next me game . 
  so by the time me : a was few months from release , they started to tease people there might be quarians and others . 
  although i could n't provide any real proof , as well this could all be coincidence , but it does explain why quarians and other species were n't on me : a from the very start and are instead set up as dlc . 
  especially since in lore quarians turned out to be completely essential for ai expedition to have any footing . 
  why , again , i have no proof for this claim , but there are traces that hint quarians were added late in development . 
  also bioware montreal management consistently made weird decisions until portions of bioware edmonton management had to intervene to potentially avoid repeat of [ bioware victory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victory_games_\\ ( ea \\ ) ) . 
  especially since bioware montreal was their baby , not a rebrand of already existing ea studio . 
  i really did n't to write previous paragraph , but i could n't help myself not to remind about that studio 's failure . 
  [ patch will be released tomorrow ] ( https://twitter.com/masseffect/status/882720772321460225 ) . 
  eh , they always release a patch during a server maintenance . 
  yeah , it was n't until like 19th century that sailors were mandated to learn to swim . 
  also we forget about the reach and dorne . 
  when daenerys arrives to westeros , her army strength would double by those two regions . 
  especially since reach 's army is mostly intact by civil war , only fought to lift the siege off kings landing in show , [ in books ] ( #b `` also captured dragonstone when stannis was in the north being alive . '' ), 
  while dorne did n't even lost a single soldier in civil war , as they stood neutral until now . 
  actually , those two events were irrelevant to shattered power of papacy . 
  and actually , papacy came out more powerful after those events , because the plague and , especially , protestant movement heavily weakened holy roman empire . 
  it was the french revolution and napoleonic wars that crippled the papacy . 
  your history teacher then skipped a massive portions the papacy history , to came to that conclusion in that case . 
  also overestimated the power of the papacy in pre-crusades medieval europe . 
  in fact pope urban ii who declared the first crusade , declared it in french city clermont . 
  because he was exiled from rome by the holy roman emperor henry iv who installed an antipope clement iii . 
  the papacy really struggled to have influence over warmongering feudal lords . 
  the peak of power papacy came through spanish , portuguese and french colonialist expansion , especially from spanish colonialism . 
  but with decline of spanish colonial empire , french revolution crippling catholic church influence in france and finally napoleon conquering rome , the papacy lost all geopolitical power up until creation of united nations and pope john paul ii reforms on how will the church would present itself in modern world . 
  well that 's underwhelming . 
  so what you 're saying is characters ca n't change and should remain static ? 
  and yet two lead level designers who only work on singleplayer content , still work for bw montreal on me : a and will host me : a panel montreal comic con . 
  quite curious for ea to leave those two still work on me : a , instead of re-assigning them if we will get no me : a singleplayer dlc 's . 
  and those are the two we know are still working on me : a , because most devs do n't have twitter account to check . 
  they added new cc content a while ago . 
  that was fixed in previous patch . 
  although it may have needed new game plus or reloading save file before starting the quest , to take affect . 
   game is being offered 60 % off 3 months post release . 
  so was me2 and me3 . 
  and they got permanent price drop . 
  me : a is still 60 bucks . 
  thing is , no bioware montreal developers has yet to be moved to other projects . 
  not without leaving the studio as well . 
  in fact , from those who have twitter account from bw montreal , not a single one of them was moved to other studio . 
  so far only bw edmonton devs from me : a team were moved to anthem , da4 or to dice to work on sw battlefront 2 . 
  not saying no bw montreal devs were moved elsewhere , since it is a normal practice to downsize studio size after game is released ( especially with ea when they can just move devs to other projects and studios ) , but it 's interesting that none of the known bw montreal devs were moved . 
  also i 'm talking about colin campbell , a lead level designer , and jess campbell , a lead space level designer . 
  they had also weeks ago permanently moved to montreal as well . 
  they must have financial confidence to do that . 
  stephanie volpi and christain lavoie are other two to attend the panel , but they have no twitter account to check on what they worked on . 
  i only know , they did n't work on level design for either singleplayer nor multiplayer , when i checked end credits page for campbell couple . 
  also another thing interesting . 
  bw edmonton dev jos hendriks had recently moved from me : a team to anthem team . 
  while at first that sounds bad news , but then you have to consider that jos is also a level designer for only singleplayer portions of me : a. 
  why was he still working on me : a for nearly 4 months after launch ? 
  now , yes , this proves nothing either way . 
  but it is quite interesting there are still devs who only work on singleplayer portions of me : a , yet could n't really work on patching as they are level designers . 
  and no level design in me : a was overhauled since launch . 
  so either ea is wasting a lot of money for paying workers who are doing nothing , or they are working on something secretly for me : a. 
  as well loyalty missions were most likely not scrapped and re-done . 
  those were always meant to be corridor shooter like in me2 . 
  it was really open world maps and mechanics that got least amount of development . 
   the limited personality types for ryder ( i.e. 
  few renegade options ),
