  or , you know , regime is getting defeated with each day . 
  it took weeks with heavy russian airstrike support for saa to capture castello road through hard to defend farm area . 
  rebel offensive in south aleppo is not even a week old and they had made major progress through heavily fortified area . 
  ofcourse they wo n't lift the eastern aleppo in a single day , it 's absurd . 
  regime supporters had every day said offensive had failed and rebels suffered heavy losses , regime is gon na counter attack and recapture all areas.yet as every day passes , rebels capture more and more of territory . 
  and whatever counter-offensive regime pulls only regains them some small areas but amount to nothing but put some little pressure on rebel offensive . 
  and 1070 situation is just a pure joke from what regime supporters report . 
  every day it was claimed 1070 was under full regime control or like 70 % was controlled by regime . 
  no evidence was ever provided , at best only thing regime could confirm they controlled couple of buildings in 1070 and nothing more . 
  the fact that there is still fighting at 1070 while rebels are attacking this artillery base just confirms most if not all of 1070 is under rebel control . 
  christ !, 
  the echo chamber of this subreddit is utterly absurd !, 
  not a single comment on this subreddit had claimed that . 
  not a single official rebel spokesman had claimed that . 
  not a single credible pro-rebel reporter had claimed that . 
  none !, 
  and rebels never , and i repeat , never claimed to have full control of the base . 
  instead they claim to control half of the base . 
  so even if this reporter is in the base , it 's in north half that rebels never , i repeat , never had claimed to control . 
  rebels should be smart enough to open humanitarian corridor once that happens . 
  if base falls , lifting the siege would not be a major issue . 
  this is n't ww1 . 
  pro-regime propaganda was on full swing , that 's what . 
  it 's rather shocking that leith , of all people , turned out to be the most objective from pro-regime side . 
  with artillery base about to to be fully in rebel hands , ramuseh district should be in rebel hands rather quickly . 
  regime forces there should be forces into retreat , as they ca n't defend that place without the base . 
  oh i know it is n't saying much , but he is the last person i expect to admit regime 's defeats yet it looks like he 's only one doing that right now . 
  he got really lucky to get away with just minor wounds . 
  so they shoot at garbage ( most likely they missed their target ) , managed to wound or kill a single regime fighter and entire squad worth of fighters retreated . 
  not exactly sure is it cost effective use of a missile , but overall squad of regime fighters are no longer at artillery base which is still good for rebels . 
  indeed , but just forcing them to retreat is good enough . 
  however evidence provided on ground shows that rebel map is pretty close to the truth . 
  while most of the time that is good mentality to go with , in lately rebels are very careful to not exaggerate their gains while regime is going overboard with absurd claims . 
  they do n't pay for them , but they do n't exactly have unlimited supply . 
  western aleppo is now under effective siege and rebels are close to lift the siege of eastern aleppo . 
  complete reversal of aleppo situation just barely in a month . 
  what a good day for rebels and sdf and terrible one for regime and isis . 
  they have to retreat or be crushed . 
  considering there 's some hezbollah troops and some parts of tiger forces , they will probably retreat . 
  repost and terrible map . 
  siege of eastern aleppo is lifted . 
  if rebels reconnected , then regime forces must be retreating by this point . 
  they ca n't hold that district without artillery base . 
  and now that rebels control most of the district , regime forces have to retreat or be annihilated . 
  there was enough bloodshed already , saa fighters should just leave instead of fighting til death in ramouseh . 
  this also makes regime 's victory in north aleppo completely irrelevant . 
  i just realized it was all posted by same person . 
  dude , only one post is enough . 
  just link rest of tweets in that original thread . 
  ypg will agree to humanitarian corridor as well free passage for civilians , but not allow regime military to pass through . 
  this will result into nothing in the end or regime outright attacking ypg which would be a strategical disaster for regime as it means war with kurds . 
  unless russians put ground troops , it wo n't . 
  regime keeps failing and failing despite heavy russian airstrikes . 
  opening third front with kurds would pretty much mean doom for regime . 
  seriously , whenever regime would try to attack one of 3 factions , other 2 will attack elsewhere opportunistically . 
  rebels wo n't stop that 's for sure . 
  only weak and exposed positions are left to widen the corridor south-east from aleppo . 
  and even then , nobody disputes air college to be still in regime hands . 
  although laughable , still very low quality post bud . 
  wait , that is not a smart idea . 
  just like idlib last year . 
  they expected to have a long offensive , but won way sooner they planned due to weak regime resistance . 
  maybe , but if it were up to me i 'd prioritize to widen the corridors towards eastern aleppo , then followed up by cutting of western aleppo in north completely then depend on fire control . 
  then on next peace talks you force assad to retreat all his forces off besieged western aleppo without their weapons , just like what happened to rebels in homs . 
  outright assaulting entire aleppo city is ill-advised even with momentum . 
  but we shall wait and see . 
  that was third phase . 
  twitter caused a lot of confusion as reporters do n't exactly have rebel battle plan at hand to say what is and what is not exact phase of offensive . 
  only roundabout capture was debunked , but nothing else . 
  because ramuseh roundabout was confirmed not be be in rebel hands , then all of the sudden full denial mode kicked back in . 
  so i guess that counter-offensive regime was talking about was about twitter war , not in aleppo . 
  rebels talk about how they are sharing spoils of the artillery base , while regime talks how they had fully recaptured that same base in quick attack . 
  i do n't know how , but i somehow read it they were sharing it . 
  despite that , they talk about what they captured off that base still . 
  no , regime had only confirmed they still hold technical college . 
  pretty sure that 's what regime is doing . 
  rebels have backed most of their claims with photographic and video evidence . 
  regime ? 
  only words . 
  so earlier when it was reported that siege was broken , there was still actual fighting . 
  so assume it was a no man 's land . 
  hence why sohr was saying siege was n't broken . 
  but now fighting is over and ramoseh is now in clear rebel control . 
  hence siege is broken . 
  like op had linked in his comment , it 's geolocated [ here ] ( http://wikimapia.org/#lang=en&amp;lat=36.154843&amp;lon=37.128607&amp;z=19&amp;m=b ) . 
  is it snowing in hell ? 
  because seeing leith the most objective over this offensive is so weird . 
  this is third time today that tiger forces were said to come to artillery base to defend . 
  did they send like 3 different groups or this is yet another lie from regime supporters ? 
  same place where pro-regime reporter was couple of hours ago to disprove that rebels took the place . 
  looks like rebels finally came or returned . 
  ca n't blame him , saa is a pathetic excuse of an army . 
  only tiger force and republican guard are competent military force . 
  conscripts are not responsible for saa being a joke , it 's the officers and generals of it that should have put this army into proper military shape but are too incompetent to do that after 5 damn years of this civil war . 
  this is also a lot of blame on assad as he outright refuses to reform the army and keeps yes-men around only . 
  basically , it 's leadership that i blame not the conscripts . 
  now that roundabout was confirmed to be in rebel hands , it 's not a surprise this had happened . 
  rebels never stated to have control of airforce technical college . 
  this is first claim of that . 
  just like kobane , it will be rebuild .
