  usa only needs to beat portugal , so they do n't even need to try against germany . 
   whites are the least racist and most generous ethnic group, 
  pretty sure white race is a race , not ethnic group . 
  wtf happen to croatia ? 
  all i can say is : choo choo , motherfucker !, 
  that train looked badass just resisting all 7 tries of derailment . 
  i hope mexico beats cheating brazil . 
  he picks algeria . 
  iceland is also one of the first to recognize croatian independence too . 
  cheers iceland !, 
  also they captured a leaders in moments notice . 
  wildling `` army '' definably would crumble due to that . 
   shitty diving penalties happen all the time . 
  that 's a shitty excuse . 
  what 's with slow ass belgium ?!, 
  they were pretty darn fast during qualifications . 
  they must have gotten some shopping tips from crimeans . 
  yeah , i always considered them as white race , yet lot 's of white supremacists do n't consider middle eastern white race . 
  so that always confused me . 
  that 's what happens when you take part of spanish inquisition , portugal !, 
  especially pepe , i presume . 
  theirs or mine ? 
  because of israel . 
  if it were n't for us being such israels bitch until very recently , iran would have been one of the greatest allies to the western world in middle east . 
  while saudi arabia could have fuck off too . 
  i wonder do they plan to topple down lenin 's statue . 
  when all high officials are removed from fifa . 
  both sides . 
  foreign companies ca n't sell well due to needing to overcharge their product , while russian citizens buy less as they ca n't afford product while state suffers from less taxes being collected due to that . 
  first , israel = / = jews . 
  second , it 's american problem for being a israel 's bitch . 
  they just bend over and done everything israel wanted , even though they had no obligation for israel for nor israel had any influence for that either . 
  for the moment i thought it refused to load . 
  then i got the joke . 
  insurgent kia 's are hard to confirm . 
  wtf is heterosexism ? 
  even then , that game was just boring . 
  not depressing . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody in entire world is actually into heterosexism . 
  definitely there 's shit ton of homophobes , but nobody consider heterosexuality is superior . 
  like in sense of white supremacists do with white race . 
  ~ ~ australia 0:7 netherlands ~ ~ ~ ~ game is n't even over , but australia is proving me wrong 2:1 !!, 
  ! ~ ~ netherlands just barely won 3:2 , but damn !, 
  australia is no joke !, 
  ~ ~ spain 1:3 chile ~ ~ i was close , chile won 2:0 !, 
  i was correct on two goal difference !, 
  adios spain !, 
  ~ ~ cameroon 0:5 croatia ~ ~ croatia won 4:0 !!!, 
  i was so close , but croatia had potential to win 7:0 !, 
  i 'm still very happy !, 
  and she 's at least smart enough to actually voluntarily give her kid to grandparents . 
  the worst part , brazilians are defending this . 
  blaming media due to them claiming penalty was illegitimate , which they still claim there was a foul and not cheating bitch neymar diving . 
  were n't they french/spanish colony ? 
  well my 7:0 prediction for netherlands was so damn wrong . 
  australia you kick some major ass !, 
  now make spain cry next week . 
  except many teams still scored a lot of great goals in 2010 . 
  it 's due to vuvuzelas , i say . 
  those damn thing ruined player concentration and coordination . 
  so world cup in russia will suck ? 
  i was making a subtle russian winter joke . 
  relax . 
  or better yet we let iraqi sunni , iraqi shia and kurds have their own states . 
  so no need to have bloodthirsty warmongering tyrannical genocidal dictator to keep fundamentally ungovernable country together . 
   costa costs, 
  he sure does !, 
  you will not be missed . 
  we 're so gon na win this match 5:0 !!!, 
  it could have been 7:0 , but i 'm happy anyway . 
  12 years !, 
  12 freaking years since last win on world cup !, 
  but i was so happy he actually played his first ever world cup and for half-assisting to mand\u017euki\u0107 . 
  you mean , there was n't for that ref ? 
  only after drogba came . 
  they could n't aim their shots worth for shit , until he came . 
  [ super mario !, 
  that was just embarrassing . 
  2 goals too much . 
  that karate chop punch was potential to put him unconscious . 
  now bayern will regret losing mand\u017euki\u0107 , after world cup . 
  with brazil sucking so hard this world cup , it 's not a impossible scenario . 
  nope , there was a cameroonian defender far back outside penalty area . 
  i did n't noticed him until much later of replay showing him how mario actually was n't in offside, 
  yugoslavia was neutral though . 
  and there was that tiny bit of thing called tito-stalin split . 
  if it was n't for ref , we would have beaten brazil too . 
  mexico wo n't stand the chance . 
  cameroonian coach will sanctions both of his infighting players . 
  oh yeah , who would n't expected that from croatian latin american diaspora that harbored a lot of nazi and ex-nazi immigrants that escaped there after ww2 . 
  even then , they 're likely an overwhelming minority . 
  it 's impossible to control that , especially that far away in brazil . 
  have n't we had referendum over it ? 
  i wish i could give you a gold now . 
  well if croatia falls , i have bosnia , costa rica and chile to cheer for . 
  maybe even usa . 
  little leaning on argentina too . 
  except he 's grandpa now for football . 
  he should retire real soon . 
  you mean play again handball , right ?
