  also let 's not forget it was petyr bealish who was escalating things between starks and lannisters . 
  like , how the hell you can blame bran for everything when petyr was making things worse . 
  but this time freys and lannisters die at the twins , right ? 
  right ? 
  this interview is overall great . 
  also , in which episode in season 3 that scene had played out ? 
  it kinda destroys your house . 
  bronn is enjoying his time in a bigger castle with a prettier finance . 
  chinese corporations owns most of iraqi oil , while american corporations only a small fraction . 
  to think usa invaded iraq for oil is ridiculous at this point . 
  us literary handed over iraqi oil to their biggest economical rival . 
  who would do that as a main reason to go to war for ? 
  and north korea is not invaded is due to being protected by china . 
  and china protect north korea as it does n't want to have us troops close to chinese border so they need a buffer . 
  sheikh maqsoud just ca n't get a break . 
  god i hate the forced audience reactions . 
  shut up varrys . 
  really ? 
  i thought she got world famous by everyone after football world cup in south africa back in 2012 . 
  even the incompetent pro-russian militants are much more tactically capable then the joke of an army called syrian arab army . 
  syrian rebels would n't be that effective at taking down regime 's armour if it were n't for fact saa has no tactical sense . 
  nope !, 
  it 's never good to see any people getting slaughtered . 
  is he sarcastic ? 
  because talibans are anything but successful . 
  only unpopular opinion i can think of is one op had provided . 
  yeah , that bad pussy line is the only saving grace for sand snakes . 
  and that just speaks volumes how that 's the only positive thing i can say for them . 
  that shitty line actually fitting their character , although it was also delivered pretty well . 
  but , wow , i am holding myself back to not rant about sand snakes . 
  after all , it 's unpopular opinions thread . 
   are on the verge of doing it again, 
  that 's extremely unlikely . 
  but you kinda need both really . 
  valyrian steel swords to kill white walkers , military prowess to deal with whights . 
  there 's a overwatch reference ? 
  oh shit , how did i missed that one ? 
  he 's alive thanks to show forgetting his existence . 
  just like with balon greyjoy . 
  why would they send in full military force of the reach to save margery against a band of religious lunatics ? 
  they do n't need to besiege king 's landing , when they have free access to it up to the cathedral . 
  60 men were probably enough , in fact jaime 's plan seemed to be try to avoid the fight by instead intimidating high sparrow . 
  it clearly did n't work . 
  like i said , i think it was jaime 's plan to avoid confrontation and simply intimidated high sparrow into giving in to pressure . 
  pretty sure they remember what happened last time when people were rioting . 
   and all but the stormlands could potentially be a threat one day, 
  so this is where dothraki will land . 
  yeah , starbreeze is pretty much managed by former overkill employees . 
  kevan owns the casterly rock and is the head of lannister house . 
  jaime was skipped from that inheritance for being in kingsguard ( while tyrion for whole exile thing ) . 
  so kevan was a first heir by the time tywin died . 
  although with lancel in faith militant and now jaime being kicked out of kingsguard , jaime is now again a first heir to casterly rock and to be head of lannister house . 
  plus , lannister 's armies are stuck in riverlands against blackfish . 
  even if they win in short time , lannister army might still be deployed either to the north or to dorne . 
  plus , would jaime really sack king 's landing ? 
  risking lives of cersei and tommen ? 
  unless cersei becomes the mad queen up to that point , which by then high sparrow would have his head on a spike , jaime ai n't gon na attack king 's landing . 
  joffrey would never allow cersei to control him and allow faith militant to get in power in first place . 
  as well tywin lannister was his hand and he was only one to put him on a leash . 
  with joffrey and tywin dead , tommen really got screwed when cersei got complete control . 
  she royally fucked it all up and tommen is too young and too inexperienced to know what to do . 
  i mean , christ , do people really expect for a child to behave up to standards of matured adult ? 
  really people ? 
  perhaps mace will be kicked out of the small council . 
  he is master of the coin , afterall . 
  you assume it was tommen 's idea to kick him out of kingsguard . 
  kid is a puppet until he grows up . 
  so jaime dies after 4 seasons . 
  man , i really love all of these factions . 
  ca n't wait to see skavens , tomb kings and the most of all lizardmen faction dlc 's . 
  they 're cool to be crushed by the dwarves in another war again . 
  they ca n't . 
  they simply can not hold the ground in long term . 
  even with russian and iranian support , even with kurds more frequently frightening with rebels even with rebels keep fighting other rebels , regime simply can not achieve a military victory as even with this terrible position rebels are still pulling victories and advancing . 
  regime is doomed to fail and die , sooner or later . 
  attempts to try to keep it alive is only prolonging the war and suffering . 
  why is rebels put on quotations ? 
  ali i \u017divi zid . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is it though ? 
  saa is borderline on life support . 
  if war does n't end quickly , and it wo n't , it will no longer have any capability to launch an offensive . 
  in fact , it ca n't even do it without heavy foreign militias support of hezbollah and other iranian backed militias . 
  it 's a matter of time before everything collapses under assad regime , unless somehow russia get 's assad to step down ( and he has to go down alive , as assassination would only mean regime will turn against russia ) so that political solution to end the war can be settled with rebels and kurds . 
  they 'll not allow them to play together during qualifications . 
  ban used to be on it for matches between croatia , bosnia and serbia . 
  and it currently exists one for spain and granada that ca n't play against one another . 
  i assume it 's a background morale ? 
  like how there 's background income in the game , so there 's also background morale to balance things out a bit extra . 
  derp , yes i meant gibraltar . 
  that 's possible too . 
   turkey or saudi arabia for their blatant , government-level support of isil, 
  neither turkish nor saudi governments are supporting isil !, 
  what 's there taken out of context ? 
  he clearly states turkey and saudi arabia are ** blatantly ** supporting isil . 
  how messed up you have to be to force your own countrymen into starvation to leave their homes so you can expand the territory . 
  and not only that , what 's the end goal ? 
  talibans ruling empty villages ? 
  talibans really have no end goal and just refuse to surrender to fight a war they simply ca n't win . 
  hey indy , i do wonder if you know how much of involvement croats and other slavs had in invasion of serbia , as part of austro-hungarian army ?
