  it 's a goldmine opportunity of badhistory , that is wasted . 
  i do remember reading wikipedia on this and it 's assumed he was bisexual . 
  probably . 
  well from personal experience , democracy ai n't exactly loved . 
  talk about disgrace to your country 's history . 
  hehe . 
  too rockstar childish joke though . 
  but seriously , wikipedia has an [ article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexuality_of_abraham_lincoln ) about it . 
  it was accidental !, 
  plus , china is opposing any war against north korea . 
  while , itself , supporting economic sanctions against nk . 
   - the myth that the nazis were democratically elected . 
  well they kinda were democratically elected . 
   obviously hindsight is 20/20 , but i will never understand why hitler decided attempting to invade the soviet union was a fabulous idea while great britain was still relatively strong . 
  because finland was kicking soviet asses in their defensive war . 
  which created illusion to hitler he can take on ussr with his `` unbeatable '' third reich . 
  \u010cak i ameri dopu\u0161taju [ scout snipers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_marine_corps_scout_sniper#controversial_use_of_the_.22ss.22_symbol ) simbol , iako jaki sli\u010di ss-u . 
  [ pogledaj video o tome ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql4du3xril0 ) . 
  2:1 or 3:0 for croatia next time ? 
  oh yeah , it would be a total destruction if we two played . 
  so , how long until they start using replay technology for referees ? 
  we are . 
  but you always want to be better then your neighbor . 
  you mean stopping a guy from going one-of-one with goalkeeper and surely scoring a goal ? 
  while they 're both fucking sprinting from opposite directions ?!, 
  how in the world would either of those proposed ideas work ? 
  with magic ? 
  he could n't get to the ball , because sulejmani kicked the ball few meters away . 
  so you 're asking for impossible move to happen . 
  is that croatia or bosnia or some other country there ? 
  we 're still not gon na use internet explorer , microsoft . 
  soon enough , croatia will ask for monies . 
  well it 's chrome symbol on , not google . 
  so , kinda obvious . 
  though in both cases , nobody used either of the two . 
  all of the sudden i hope he 'll do this . 
  well , hispanic has different meaning from usa to europe . 
  well , it 's not really a far-fetched claim . 
  what, 
  cunt, 
  well terrible economy did given the rise of far right ultra-nationalists in the poorest regions of europe . 
  obvious examples are golden dawn in greece and jobbik party in hungary . 
  though the worst thing that is mainly overlooked , is closeted ultra-nationalists subtlety infiltrating conservative parties while same said parties are also pandering to said radicals for every vote possible . 
  mislim da ima pravo . 
  you 're being fooled !!, 
  or maybe he 's argentinian ? 
  i 'm living in balkans and i 'd be committing genocide on minorities by now , if ww3 had begun . 
  [ because teh jooz !!!, 
  it must involve aliens and reptiles . 
  yet reddit allows racist subreddits . 
  / r/whiterights is pretty damn racist subreddit . 
  and there are a few nazi subreddits too , some private though . 
  it 's copyrighted by moses and jesus . 
  well , at least nobody got genocided over that issue . 
  yet . 
  i wish we had him in me3 . 
  nope , offscreen death !, 
  and then there 's gianna . 
  one of coolest minor characters and she disappears out of existence by me3 . 
  no email , no mention , not even as war asset , no nothing !, 
  what happen ? 
   me3 already went overboard trying to address all the issues in my opinion . 
  we did n't played the same game . 
  me3 went overboard to ignore many addressed issues from previous games , while butchering and rushing to address most issues it did address . 
  while also adding many new issues that did n't need to exist , but bioware wanted to be artsy . 
  also iran is a huge ass country . 
  it 's only 1/6 of us size with 1/4 of population too . 
  so just imagine the logistics and manpower usa would require to need to defeat and occupy iran . 
  also china is very paranoid for usa expand it 's influence pass north and south korean border . 
  hence they strongly oppose military invasion of nk , despite supporting economic sanctions . 
  so sadly , north korea is protected until they strike first . 
  iran has no such luxury . 
  i ca n't believe i missed that fiasco , despite being usually regular on both of those subs . 
  well , there are many different schism within christianity that work differently from each other . 
  starving to death and gas showers are the best cures to heart disease !, 
  you get that message on spectre terminal , after mission or two once you make sure quarians survive rannoch final mission . 
  remove throwing torches out of game , completely !, 
  no maybe , no but , get it out !, 
  it 's a terrible gamey mechanic which makes siege a.i. 
  do stupid decisions like this and an obvious left-over asset from shogun 2 . 
  damn it , discovered that minutes after you . 
  well , either way . 
  we 're getting a trailer for a trailer ? 
  could be real , but could be a fake too . 
  either way , i like it . 
  and again , we do n't know anything more . 
  except , birds are in fallout 4 . 
  that would take up too much processing power , for such advanced bird a.i. 
  because , fuck you !, 
  that 's why . 
  [ o nema\u0161 pojma za njihovu `` ljubav '' za brazil ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/davidthier/2013/10/22/sony-high-ps4-price-in-brazil-is-bad-for-gamers/ ) . 
  to je rvatsko !, 
  because media loves to give good pr to celebrities . 
  while they have no gains to give good pr to their favorite scapegoat . 
  well that 's assuming conspiracy theorists are inherently always far-right racists . 
  i can bet my ass that once white man republican get 's to be a president , conspiracy theories will start to shit from far-right racists to far-left ... eh , bigots ? 
  it puts steam sales to shame !, 
  jebem it , opet se godwinov zakon kr\u0161i . 
  well obama is pretty much moderate conservative , by world wide standard . 
  you mean what they call coup ?
