  pretty much like blacks for most of us history . 
  were whites correct to do it then , just for being in majority until 1960 's ? 
  it 's just a pretty messed up concept of thinking , imo . 
  they 're only demanding equal rights , just like blacks were in 1960 's and this days lgbt groups . 
  and they are fully correct to want equal rights . 
  those in egypt ? 
  to not be prosecuted under muslim fundamentalist laws , just for not believing those things are a sin nor in their faith . 
  yeah , though it does show a major flaw in democracy . 
  it 's hard to keep freedom and equality even with democracy . 
  will be interesting to see if you do all that . 
  no friendly fire happen , right ? 
  he 's gon na stomp that fire to death . 
  for the emperor !, 
  daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw !!, 
  goty !!, 
  they did made massive patches later on to fix those massive technical issues . 
  i have pretty outdated machine and ca n't even play certain games tat came out in past year and half , not even at lowest settings . 
  i can play gta iv at decentish graphic settings with good framerate after patches . 
  unless save system works different this time . 
  shit , i 'll run over many animals in this game and feel like piece of shit . 
  you rage quit , then . 
  cause ` murica ? 
  i was joking ? 
  if americans could realize latinos are also whites . 
  that would be great . 
  if only they were nice like that little over a century later . 
  i 'm sure nobody would approve jews starting to slaughter germans for holocaust . 
  little exaggerated number . 
  320,000-340 ,000 is actual number of killed serbs under usta\u0161e regime . 
  awesome job , so far . 
  australians also drive on left ? 
  anyone know what 's between 3:23 - 3:31 ? 
  hostility between nations in yugoslavia was expected for more then that reason . 
  all sides did something wrong and fucked up to another in past century . 
  no argument there , it 's fucked up what usta\u0161e did . 
  even if some go with `` just '' 100k . 
  dunno on cnn , but bbc just likes any opportunity to bash on balkan nations . 
  but yeah , serbian nation is over-demonized for actions of some radical assholes . 
  as for whole krajina and operation storm . 
  yeah , this would not be a thread to discuss on it . 
  we 're already off-topic as it is and going on those ? 
  yeah , better not step into that territory , at least not here . 
  i think they 're not doing it due to hard to balance it . 
  and me1 is hugely unbalanced game . 
  ... fuck , you 're right . 
  i love you man !, 
  thank you !!, 
  no , i 'd rather be blasto . 
  i 'm more interested that originally they did n't know lions do n't live in jungles . 
  and that pumba is first disney character to fart . 
  what 's with yugoslavia ? 
  strange you skipped conquering yugoslavia until then , while you trumped over entire balkans . 
  any reason for that ? 
  so in other words . 
  their loss your gain . 
  i do n't ' care either . 
  i just love the reactions to change . 
  yet in my entire life , i only ate like 4-5 of them . 
  they 're expensive as fuck !, 
  at least , in croatia . 
  for the moment i thought how the hell croatian expanded that much . 
  then i realized it 's poland . 
  heh , silly same colors . 
  oh look , croatia exists in middle of powerhouses !, 
  yay, 
  nah , they 're just following stalin 's order of not one step backwards . 
  downvoted . 
  this has been reposted so many damn times on so many sites . 
  i 'd hate to see his other friends . 
  lol, 
  something biwoare failed to do with with the entire mass effect trilogy , even though that was their supposed biggest selling point . 
  well that would make world confused and wonder who 'll be their laugh stock to feel superior . 
  true pc gamer !, 
  or actor republican . 
  2013 - 1973 = 40 ; what 's the problem ? 
  `` in croatia , we have a particulary paranoid and xenophobic conspiracy hypothesis that says that out entire economic and social depression since the 90 's is solely because of secret crypto-serbs hiding in our government and posing as actual croats , hell bent on destroying traditional , catholic , croatian values and destroying our economy because all serbs are cartoon villains . '', 
  well i never heard of that theory and i 'm from croatia . 
  `` the conspiracy goes that tito was not actually tito at all , that he was assasinated by the nkvd in russia , in 1934-36 or so and replaced with a russian puppet . '', 
  now that one i did n't heard either and it 's downright silly . 
  did n't they heard of tito-stalin split ? 
  seriously , that nearly got into tito getting assassinated and even of ussr invading yugoslavia . 
  did n't happen because , first assassination failed and stalin died before putting plan of invasion in action . 
  hell there is a far fetched but funny speculation by historians tito may have assassinated stalin . 
  you wish he played that game . 
  sadly , he 's just pulling it out of his own ass . 
  pretty sure you can be quite far-left anti-government . 
  i 'm still little bit shocked that krampus was only exclusivly known in austria and it 's former controlled countries . 
  funny , did n't hitler drastically reduced gun control in germany ? 
  that was issued due to treaty of versailles ? 
  which hitler killed during his reign and allowed german citizens to bear arms , long enough they pass background checks ? 
  there 's a pretty good reason why it 's overused . 
  it 's a very common reaction when seeing something abnormally stupid . 
  which is very common . 
  wait , i thought guys there were satirical . 
  croatia relevant !, 
  i do n't think leader of one of the major religions cares about what very small but hugely annoying private sect does to hugely annoy people around them . 
  i would n't be surprised if vatican is n't aware of wbc 's existence . 
  well , technically yeah but majority of catholic followers are pro-gay marriage with more and more priests following that belief . 
  it 's gon na take some long time for catholic church to change it 's position on homosexuality . 
  it 's sadly a slow process , but i 'm sure it will happen one day .
