  jarabulus area , not city itself . 
  you do realize you can say the same thing for sdf against isis , as they completely rely on us airstrike support . 
  eeeh , this is a big expansion for just few days . 
  getting close to manjib in a week would be amazing achievement . 
  because it ruins their narrative that they 're fighting a foreign legion . 
  fsa-turkish forces had captured more territory from isis then from sdf , as well caused a lot more casualties on isis . 
  and this is n't 2012 anymore , rebels no longer accept isis defectors after rounds of betrayals and sleeper agents striking against them . 
  people need to realize that isis is on verge of collapse due to severe losses in fallujah and manjib . 
  they lost a ton of competent commanders and die hard fighters . 
  this is why they were unable to pull any victory in relatively easy targets , mass retreated after turkish week-long bombardment of jarabulus and are pulling weak counter-attacks on both fsa-turks fronts and sdf fronts that do n't result into anything by end of it . 
  sanctions against russia are very weak . 
  it is hurting russia as their economy is in general weak , but not enough to stop their ventures in ukraine . 
  and let 's not forget germany is unwilling to do that to russia who is committing an aggression in ukraine . 
  what kind of message would germany give there ? 
  appease the enemies , destroy your allies ? 
  isis has been trying to do a counter-offensive towards manjib for past 2 months . 
  every time they capture few villages and then get repelled and sdf recaptures them and takes even more villages from isis . 
  you 're severely underestimating both fsa and turkey . 
  not a chance . 
  both rebels and regime want to rule whole of syria . 
  potentially this offensive might recoup for all material losses rebels suffered in aleppo . 
  and some more . 
  rebels would turn against turkey if this is true . 
  nonsense . 
  fsa rebels are doing all the legwork . 
  there are no turkish infatry troops in syria . 
  by infantry i meant typical soldiers , not special forces that are there to coordinate airstrikes . 
  which are known to be there along with tanks from start . 
  selling out aleppo city would be a massive betrayal for rebels . 
  and it was n't even stable in first place , syria was suffering from a war or revolution every decade . 
  civil war is the worst it got to and it clearly shows assad 's regime always struggled to keep stability due to their incompetence and oppression of people . 
  there would n't be there jarabulus offensive in first place without turkish aid . 
  but at same time there would n't be sdf in first place either without us aid . 
  that does n't answer his question . 
  rebels are getting close to taibat . 
  i do n't remember assad having a nuke . 
  and rolling into a nuclear bomb epicentre would be a terrible idea . 
  `` village-city '', 
  you mean a town ? 
  unless it 's misspoken , this is a huge deal . 
  did someone made an error at sputnik ? 
  because that 's so uncharacteristic of them . 
  according to rag\u0131p soylu , who is washington correspondent , they explicitly said sdf . 
  unless they misspoke sdf and actually meant ypg , that 's massive news . 
  if it was misspoken , we will get clarification very soon . 
  i assume village ca n't be defended so no point holding . 
  afterall it did n't took much effort to capture that village , why suffer same losses as regime forces did ? 
  been trying to find it for for some time with no success . 
  i never even heard rebels even mentioning madajin . 
  nice to see rebels trying to bring back normality of civilian life . 
  he 's among the first pro-regime sources that admits when regime is failing . 
  but that 's only time when he 's really reliable . 
  hopefully they 'll stop their advances against sdf after us condemnation . 
  connecting with azaz pocket should be top priority , especially as sdf is pushed back south of sanjar river . 
  most likely turkish reconnaissance aircraft . 
  al-bab is the main objective of fsa-turkish offensive to stop isis from ever having access to turkish border and ypg to ever connect with efrin canton . 
  also bonus pressure against assad from north aleppo . 
  why misquote on purpose ? 
  it would only hurt his credibility since it 's easily verifiable . 
  i found some villages that have similar names , but all are way too far for rebels to have taken . 
  and i have to repeat myself , rebels never claimed to have capture a village of that name . 
  so either leith mistaken some village name or he started making up villages to give some sort of fctional victories to regime . 
  that would be a huge win , but got ta need to see evidence first . 
  i 'd still wait for some visual evidence . 
  but man , it would be a serious major win for rebels for their day one offensive . 
  tayba emam does n't exist though , or at very least it 's nowhere near where rebels can advance to in north hama . 
  so it can only be tayyibat al imam really . 
  halfaya is in regime hands ? 
  complete and utter nonsense , there 's clear video and photo evidence that city is in rebel hands . 
  wait , since when ivan has rebel contacts ? 
  that means saa is truly stretched so thin and a spend force . 
  that 's a massive hole they left for rebel to exploit . 
  who knows what 's else not defended at all ? 
  no , not really . 
  you 'll see other point of views , just not dominating . 
  reason why i am surprised ivan has rebels sources as he blatantly sends [ geolocated rebel training camps and asks to be bombed by russians ] ( https://twitter.com/ivansidorenko1/status/769297156821905408 ) , as well [ asking for killing of journalists who are reporting rebel side ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/coxwrtiueaaouuv.jpg:large ) . 
  this guy does n't does n't look like to be neutral and impartial . 
  temporary is n't good enough , if sdf thinks to win this war they need to have a long term agreement with one of major factions within syria , including post-war agreement . 
  they have no men , weapons nor equipment to win this war . 
  suran ? 
  pretty sure rebels are much greater survivor , considering they 're still holding out and advancing despite russian airstrikes . 
  so your statement is completely laughable . 
  and assad can stop the just by simply stepping down from power and allow intern government to be formed that is willing to compromise with rebels . 
  man , this is such a good game but weird a.i. 
  just loves to ruin it . 
  since making concession is unlikely , that would only mean russia had completely wasted huge amount of resources for fake invasion deployment . 
  that 's a lot of bullet holes . 
  according to wiki article , it 's speculated it was caused my food poisoning . 
  this map is somewhat inaccurate . 
  hold on !, 
  is n't paying taxes like slavery to libertarians ? 
  although to be honest , i do find rule of you need 15 % to get in debates rather stupid . 
  i 'd love to see him in debates getting crushed . 
  also vbied 's are , tactically speaking , a great alternative to airstrikes when your opposition is incapable to stop it before it 's too late . 
  a lot of fallen soldiers and martyrs are still remembered in their local areas even after centuries . 
   `` and there 's the white walkers , they 're fucked up weird zombie people that live behind the wall . '', 
   `` they 're kinda like hungarians . 
  they 'll just release it on 13th of some month instead . 
  as in , 13th april as an example . 
  well for one , those guys that shot down the heli with him would be the greatest heroes of rebellion .
