  well sander 's camp is n't malicious in nature . 
  specifically talking in democratic party , not about those vocal on reddit . 
  to function as political parties , that is . 
  kievian rus are also not russians either . 
  russians that we know today did n't really started to exist as an a nation until around the time they freed themselves from mongolian empire rule . 
  in fact , it was the mongols who caused kievian rus nation to politically and culturally break them up then form into 3 new nations . 
  russian , ukrainian and belarusian . 
  although ukrainians and belarusians called themselves under different names up until relatively recently in history . 
  projection polls are very unreliable . 
  [ here 's an aggregate of opinion polls from wikipedia instead ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/opinion_polling_for_the_french_legislative_election%2c_2017.png ) . 
   i favor a more muscular military than many on the left , even center-left like hrc do , although i think an argument for reform in the us dod can be made . 
  what the hell do you mean by `` muscular '' military ? 
  nah , it 's not weird . 
  problem with him is that his goals and methods might not be realistic or practical , but he 's not malicious and genuinely cares for people . 
  til france also has first past the post electorate system . 
  wait , some people seriously think soldiers should n't need to have significant muscle strength ? 
  well word muscular can have different meanings , so i 'm genuinely confused what do you mean by it . 
  you do n't get that on youtube comments . 
  you do n't get that when comments are open , especially with this video 's comment section . 
  every balkan nation is hated a lot by another balkan nation for whatever reason related to first half of 20th century . 
  oh boy , you really went with that route ? 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  that 's literary not know internet works . 
  he didn 's steal election from gore . 
  supreme court did . 
  not really , mattis shit too . 
  he is bassically mccain in trump 's administration . 
  you forget trump enjoyed a massive free advertisement from the mainstream media . 
  he got more coverage then clinton did , despite her campaign outspending his . 
   greeks and macedonians ca n't stand each other, 
  actually it 's more of a piss contest over the naming dispute and history plagiarism . 
  otherwise greeks and macedonians are fine with one another . 
  ok , then he cares for a lot more people then torries do . 
   also ... uh , comments . 
  kinda sad/expected . 
  oh my god , it is spreading here now as well . 
  it 's not us military budget that is ridiculous , it is the ridiculous huge size of us economy that allows such military budget yet being only like 3 % of overall gdp , which is an average per capita budget for modern country . 
  except road to 56 focus trees are op as hell and a.i. 
  is unable to behave properly in that mod . 
  mod really needs major balance fixes as well to get a.i. 
  to not go crazy with them . 
  well you have 20 years for that . 
   obviously fucked whomever he did n't kill, 
  that 's gay . 
  if aclu lawyers get involved , they usually can find the way to prove it . 
   dems will complain and try to act but half-assed because they do n't want to look whatever and they have their own skeletons in their closets . 
  that 's stupid as shit false equivalence with no basis in reality . 
  democrats are putting a lot of pressure on this . 
  thing is they do n't control the federal government , so their options are limited until 2018 or 2020 . 
  in past , both microsoft and sony suffered from many people stealing tons of x360 's and ps3 's while in middle of transportation . 
  in nearly every case , thieves were caught and consoles returned , but those were potential losses in millions of dollars just from lost property . 
  let alone getting sued by those who transported the consoles , for not being informed nor prepared for such big work related hazard . 
  so both companies needed to up their security measures . 
  uj / eh , i 'd disagree . 
  new logo looks a lot like previous 2003 logo , but without any colors . 
  it looks so lame , while 2003 logo is great and iconic . 
   yugoslavia during their civil war, 
  was n't a civil war . 
  simply put , yugoslav wars . 
  because there were 5 different wars waged . 
  in 3 of those , serbia/yugoslavia were aggressors . 
  a short war against slovenia , long and bloody wars against croatia and bosnia . 
  kosovo war was actually a civil war , but again caused by serbs to illegally dismantling autonomy of kosovo . 
  then bosnian croat-bosniak war in bosnia was also a civil war , with croat insurgents wanting to secede and join now independent croatia . 
  and considering it is croatian and bosnian wars that were the longest , the most bloodiest and the most representative of yugoslav wars , calling yugoslav wars as civil wars is disingenuous . 
  especially since both of those countries ( also slovenia ) seceded legally by yugoslavian constitution and were internationally recognized . 
  and wars started with serbia/yugoslavia invading with military force and aiding serb insurgents ( who would n't rise up in first place , not without milo\u0161evi\u0107 's regime aiding them ) . 
  capitalism is a `` religion '' that evangelicals actually worship . 
  it 's been centuries since the last pope who had the view . 
  in fact both john paul ii and benedict xvi were diplomatically friendly with islamic clergy and pulled every effort within their capabilities de-escalate conflicts in middle east . 
  although european refugee crisis started after pope francis took the position . 
   they are taught that catholics worship the pope , ** worship mary ** , worship the cross , drink , and since they are n't ` sola scripture ' and ` faith alone ' they are not ` saved ', 
  well , at least they got that one right . 
  just , really bizarre why is that one an issue . 
  from what i 've heard , catholics in us are mixed between republican and democrat affiliation , but leaning more republican primarily over pro-life stance . 
  well i 'm glad i 'm wrong then . 
  [ actually i 'm wrong ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/02/23/u-s-religious-groups-and-their-political-leanings/ ) . 
  conveniently his base now hates france . 
  they are now democrats or independents voting for democrats . 
  they 're heading into the big disappointment then . 
  buuuuuu !!, 
  severe harm caused by religion is not much more severe any other collective ideology pulled of too . 
  it 's really just flawed humans being able to accomplish great achievements when working as a unified group , but also accomplish great atrocities at same time . 
  this is a human error . 
  you do realize atheist communists also hated gay people and it was countries dominated by christians to have decriminalized homosexuality before atheist communists even abolished death penalty for that . 
  there are other factors involved then just religion . 
  mattis is deeply concerned about this . 
  you completely and utterly missed my point . 
  i 'm saying is that even atheists are capable to hate minorities and be backwards while religious people are capable to be among the most progressive groups . 
  like i said , other factors are involved as well . 
  also being buddy buddy with putin 's regime . 
  this guy ... is 37 years old ... yet talks like a 12 year old boy . 
  honestly , i 'd have preferred to keep oleg petrovsky ruling omega . 
  creating a pirate heaven is always a stupid idea , regardless of the situation . 
  also as you explore planets with tempest , you 'll discover exiles had build or salvaged old angara mining factories , as well building fuelling space stations . 
  exiles are n't just doing pirate and smuggles stuff , but are also expanding their proto-state borders to expand their economy . 
  well thing is , john kerry was pathetic so no wonders gwb got re-elected . 
  he was a terrible politician , as well he did a shit job as secretary of state under obama . 
  paris accord and iran deal were only a success because obama pushed hard on it . 
  russia sanctions were super weak and are only taking a real toll now only thanks to putin 's regime economic incompetence , while without giving ukraine significant enough aid .
