  so a year worth of extra development , making me : a having longer development time then development of me2 and me3 with post release dlc 's combined . 
  me team always struggled to represent lgbt , while da team had no suxh issues . 
  femryder gets better jacket for sure . 
  to be fair , he did bad job as voice acting there . 
  hard to is he a poor va or va director did shoddy job with him . 
  why not trade ? 
  i do have ssd myself , although game is installed on my hdd . 
  and by few seconds , i mean it takes likes 2-3 seconds until tram cutscene is over . 
  it 's like , well , pretty much nothing . 
  yeah , cortez had at least a year to mourn his lover . 
  avitus meanwhile only had like a few weeks so far . 
  otherwise , yeah , i 'd love be able to romance a fellow pathfinder . 
  turian at that . 
  only because russia invaded ukraine . 
  and russia is weaker then it was before invading ukraine . 
  obviously me : a did not get 8/10 praise for not being sjw enough . 
  / uj meanwhile these same people praise deus ex who has conspiratard right-wing libertarian political commentary . 
  mainly talking about the original deus ex , but hr has same issues to lesser degree . 
   but it is self-defense for them . 
  the roekaar are called xenophobic for their distrust of aliens , but they 're not xenophobes , they 're responding to an invasion . 
  the initiative is clearly more advanced than the angara , and when advanced civilizations meet less-advanced civilizations , history is clear on what happens -- i assume even in mass effect 's world . 
  no , just no . 
  absolutely goddamn no . 
  just , some spoilers warning if you did n't play the game . 
  angara are technologically on par with andromeda initiative , in some areas even better . 
  hell , before the scourge , they were technologically superior to all milky way species but for mass effect relays ( which is really reapers thing ) . 
  only thing that ai has better then angara is tempest , and that 's only because the scourge and later kett completely crippled angara 's industry so they are unable to produce more then small ships . 
  and roekaar are xenophobic because they have zero interest to have diplomatic talks with milky way species . 
  it 's one thing to be suspicious and have show of force , but it 's another to go shoot in sight both military and civilians with no attempts for diplomacy . 
  this guy literary paid no freaking attention in the game and did stop to think at all . 
  it is blatantly clear he went into the game to find reasons to hate it . 
  republican dwight d. eisenhower is one of the greatest us presidents though . 
  although , he was also the last good republican president . 
  npc variation is much higher then from me trilogy . 
  ai is also superior to met , i think you also need to up to difficulty if you think a.i. 
  is lacklustre . 
  this is a typical thing in stories of open world and semi-open world games to give sense of urgency . 
  nexus is of similar size of citadel in me1/3 . 
  it 's explained well why could angara understand you in aya , later on kadara . 
  drack and peebee are speaking their language , it 's auto-translator that makes it sound english which has been a thing since me1 . 
  making lip-syncing `` accurate '' to their languages would have looked extremely off to people . 
  you do not actually kill around 1,000 outcast in canonically , it is a gamey thing . 
  actually , nexus had no idea where kadara was but for the small number of smugglers . 
  but angara knew about it , but had no reason nor will to contact nexus until ryder 's crew lands on their secret base thanks to remnant vault 's map . 
  3 years too late . 
  obama wasted that opportunity . 
  with russia directly involved , trump in charge of us and turkey antagonized by both us and eu , no fly zone is impossible to be done for long time . 
  it 's some really feminine looking guy . 
  and nazi germany never used woman to combat duty , not even when they conscripted 14 year old boys and 60 year old elderly . 
  wsj never claimed google is doing it intentionally . 
  i think he is doing series to explains youtube red and probably had something already written on youtube adds , just got the happy coincidence to make it relevant . 
  however , i could be easily wrong . 
   chamberlain caused ww2, 
  well he kind of did by backstabbing the cze ... 
   danzig was rightful german clay !, 
  just no . 
  only coups that happened in ukraine happened in crimea and donbass , done by pro-russian thugs and russians agents while military backed by russian military . 
  they fixed mattock with today 's patch . 
  at least for mp , dunno does fix goes for sp too . 
  i think it 's french canadian phrase , only that it does n't sound well in english but i guess maybe well in french . 
  since that travel takes only couple of seconds , while between planets several seconds but now skippable , i say it 's good enough . 
  for every 1 libyan killed in libyan civil war , 80 to 100 syrians were killed in syrian civil war . 
  syria pre-war had only 4 times larger population from libya pre-war population . 
  just by math , it 's quite clear there 's more to the just syria has larger population hence higher casualties . 
  all of hit hangars were left empty , while those left intact still had planes on . 
  as well assad 's forces managed to evacuated majority of personal and equipment before air base was hit . 
  reports on ground report zero planes were destroyed and assad forces only suffered 6 casualties overall . 
  all because trump warned russia ahead of time and then russia told assad to evacuate the airbase . 
  most of equipment and personal was evacuated and all planes were spared . 
  only empty hangars and buildings were destroyed . 
  assad 's regime had did the least amount of fighting against isis , compared to every other faction in syria . 
  they only now are on offensive against isis after isis lost almost all of their convection forces fighting turkish backed rebels and syrian kurds , so they are mainly just advancing towards undefended or poorly defended villages and towns . 
   okay ? 
  and it 's got the best air force . 
  it 's only one that has an airforce aid it uses it mainly against civilian population in cities held by rebels , not isis . 
   so they 're on the offensive ? 
  cool . 
  more like walking into empty towns and villages after rebels , syrian kurds and us airforce did most of the work to destroy isis 's military capabilities . 
   the point was n't to destroy the airbase , i 'm really wondering what the deal is with this thread . 
  everyone knows that , left , right , center , and especially actual pros . 
  but here this thread is going on and on about how bad trump is and it 's just silly , it 's not even the focus of the event . 
  because that 's the whole point of bombing an airbase is to destroy it . 
  anything less is then just a terrible objective in first place . 
  waste of money , resources and energy just to do a political theatre that really only pissed of everyone for either doing it at all or not going far enough . 
  radar and aa defences survived strikes : https://twitter.com/thebaseleg/status/850278539249070082, 
  many pictures and videos were released to public of destroyed empty hangars , none with destroyed planes : https://twitter.com/ct_operative/status/850254993298817024, 
  in fact , there 's pictures of spared hangars that have planes insides : https://twitter.com/mmagreen/status/850256514505887744 https://twitter.com/markito0171/status/850269532803301376 https://twitter.com/trbrtc/status/850198272358481920, 
  considering that 50 tomahawk missiles somehow only did minimal damage to assad 's regime airbase , trump warned russia ahead of time , to which assad forces evacuated that base in time and that regime is again using airport as normal shows strong indication it was coordinated for a mere political theatre . 
  yet lucas never fired anyone for disagreeing with him nor objecting to his ideas . 
  the most likely truth is , people who worked on prequels were and likely still are , giant star wars fanboys . 
  they just did not dare to question the creator of star wars franchise , their beloved franchise . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is not the case . 
  well except for misleading editing of behind the scene of prequels to make things much worse then they really were n't , selling the idea movie only used cgi and no practical effects even though that is an outright lie and then spreading the myth that people would get fired if they objected to lucas even though there 's no evidence to backup such claim and never did anyone step forward from prequels production to back up those claims . 
  no , plinkett made up a lot of shit and should be called out for being intentionally dishonest . 
  edit # 1, 
  i 'm talking about a person who wrote and acted as plinkett , i just do n't remember his real name . 
  and it 's quite clear there very little difference between that fictional character and a real person who did the part , beyond the whole serial killing and abducting people part . 
  indeed . 
  people mistake george 's stubborn nature with narcissism , somehow . 
  well he could actually do much more serious military options and at very least destroy the airbase to not be usable for long time .
