  and reason usa failed in iraq ( not in afghanistan , as of yet ) is for having terrible long term political strategy . 
  usa had total military victory in iraq , but fucked up politically . 
  and vietnam was a giant mess for completely failing to understand vietnamese objective , due to mix of being ignorant of ussr not being involved , vietnam actually hating china despite both being communist and as well being flat out racist . 
  and usa always had major military victories in vietnam , but failed politically due to idiocy of politicians and generals with no sense of proper long term strategy . 
  oh that was just we scaring you off as we 're competing for tourists . 
  it 's gon na get awkward for them if amd sides with gg . 
   yes it was . 
  that was the point behind the occupation . 
  if we were n't conquering it ... what the hell were we doing ? 
  there was never any plan nor attempt to annex those countries , so no . 
  conquest was not us plan . 
   this is all debatable , and even if it was true , it is n't relevant to the current discussion . 
  no , you brought up vietnam . 
  and it was very relevant on why usa failed to win several wars despite having absolute military domination in entire war . 
  thanks to israel , however . 
  to bi samo destabilizirao sabor , ne dati neke promjene u dr\u017eavi . 
  rainbow gives you superhuman strength . 
  til . 
  to be reborn in mighty rainbow fenix !, 
  balkan nations big and stronk . 
  what does assad has to do with palestine-israeli conflict ? 
  that only reminded me of no me2 goty edition . 
  i hope he 'll enjoy to get on trial for committing assault . 
  to be fair , that rational wiki sucked before sjw taken over it . 
  utterly pointless . 
  hey op , oli\u0107 did n't score the goal . 
  it was an own goal by bodurov . 
  sadly , oli\u0107 did n't even touch the ball . 
  bugarev put it in net , so it 's an own goal . 
  i had no clue . 
  til . 
  but he did managed to put bosnia very first world cup . 
  atletico madrid sponsors ~ ~ armenia ~ ~ azerbaijan or something like that . 
  my brain derped for the moment . 
  i usually do n't make that mistake . 
  one of biggest mistakes in this games is oli\u0107 playing not only from start , but whole game . 
  he 's too old to play that long anymore . 
  he needed to start as substitution and then put in game in last 20-25 minutes when he 'll be fully fresh and can play his best against tired players . 
  i think we booed during serbian anthem . 
  come on iceland !, 
  you 're doing well so far !, 
   fox news, 
   american loves obama, 
  did the world end ? 
  i think vietnam would be even worse , if it was tested . 
  ok , fuck this , i ca n't watch even half of this shit . 
  someone write highlights of this garbage . 
  that 's what the kaiser thought ... wait , germany defeated russia in ww1 . 
   once russia is easier to control , the us will finally be ready for global competition with china . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
   according to him , if the government forces knew he was sniper , he would have been executed . 
  yeah , no . 
  they would n't do that . 
  anti-putin more like . 
   an own goal at 82 min, 
  slightly off topic , but ever since world cup i 've noticed own goals are becoming more often occurrence . 
   instead of beating each other up, 
  well , croatia-bulgaria fans did one one instead last night . 
  romania , along with bulgaria , is not allowed to join schengen area until they fix their corruption . 
  being part of schengen area is something you want to have in eu . 
  random troll or person was just angry at the moment or actually sincere about that comment , it 's not exactly shared opinion with general contributors to this subreddit . 
  which translated on english means `` multifunctional croatian machine gun '' . 
   teams like croatia , belgium and switzerland could overtake them in the ** next decade **, 
  why wait that long ? 
  make sure they 're empty ? 
  ~ ~ croatia and serbia never played against bosnia . ~ ~, 
  never mind . 
  502 bad gateway, 
  they 're not cyborgs , though . 
  that would be something to see , considering there are more people living in istanbul then in crimea and donbass regions combined . 
  translation ? 
  i assume guy talks about his neighbor fighting against in opposite side and could understand `` brother vs brother '' comment . 
  i think someone needs to hold the dutch fans , right now . 
  holy shit , i did not expect this domination in first half . 
  also really sucks for ramazanov . 
  subbed in early , only to be subbed out early . 
  it was not his day , he just had no luck . 
  i feel really bad for azerbaijan . 
  their first 3 games were with the toughest opponents and only few days ago they played against italy pretty evenly , only to then fully exhausted go against croatia . 
  both matches as guests . 
  iceland is that good . 
  this was their revenge . 
  they denied our best striker any satisfaction . 
  damn it bosnia , stop making stuff intense and start winning . 
  yes , though have n't upload anything in ages . 
  hmh , thanks italy ? 
  andorra scored ? 
  embarrassing . 
   oh wow , i used to love your wc3 broadcasts ... 
  i never did that , so you 're mistaking me someone else . 
  sorry for bursting your bubble . 
  well , he 's still a new one in the team . 
  nah , lying would be more cruel . 
  cause croatia is now on top due to goal difference . 
  also there has been a lot of own goals going on . 
  fine , croatia will just kick you out in semi-finals . 
  yeah . 
  ah well , euro 2016 should be different . 
  iceland vs croatia to the finals !, 
  micheal johnson prediction is the best .
