  oh look , two of many of the most despised people in europe . 
  well they did canceled one of our goals for non-existent handball . 
  like putin flipping over the chessboard . 
  it was a chessboard , not a table . 
  you silly bot . 
  damn it , i hoped for argentine to win !, 
  but , eh , germany won fairly . 
  it was a good match . 
  and i can get back to my croatian flair !, 
  putin is in brazil atm , as he watched the wc final . 
  blatter cares for fame ? 
  also , nice flair . 
  i hope they come back for euro 2016 . 
   the worst outcome from this move - troops in the airport get reinforcements . 
  only real reinforcements luhansk can get is from donetsk . 
  but that would leave donetsk an easy prey for ua . 
  no matter what move insurgent do , they 'll lose . 
  their only hope is russian invading . 
  ukraine government was in utter chaos at the time and ukraine army had major loyalty problem . 
  well , at least i know he 's still among the living . 
  maoist and genuine communist do n't go together . 
  but why the paratroopers ? 
  yeah , us government is utterly bizarre . 
  yes . 
  lot 's of ethnic russians , as well ethnic ukrainian but russian speaking , are still loyal to ukraine . 
  exempting them on that issue on ethnic basis would be unwise . 
  because there 's no real authority in eastern ukraine but ukraine army , that is obviously too focused to deal with insurgents . 
  somebody has to deal with traitors among police very fast , and this guy is actually doing it . 
  without doing anything too excessive ( as in randomly beating , shooting , torturing nor killing people under mere suspicion of aiding separatists ) . 
   if it 's hard to find police loyal to ukraine in the region, 
  yes . 
   good , get to it !!, 
  should have been done ~ ~ weeks ~ ~ months ago . 
  ftfy, 
  i giggled at that irony . 
  only by family name , i guess . 
  i do n't think military vehicles have keys . 
  i remember a post on reddit a while ago from some military guy that said it and reason behind no keys is in case a guy with keys get 's killed during combat , entire unit would get fucked . 
  it 's still gon na get passed . 
  usa loves to spend money on foreign countries on anything . 
  well in this case there is more . 
  russia supplied rebels with high-tech anti-aircraft weaponry . 
  rebels ca n't recognize diffrence between a military jet and comercial airplane . 
  they shoot it down . 
  celebrate until realizing they royally fucked up . 
   mechanical failure, 
  planes do n't just explode like that due to mechanical failure . 
  with australians , indonesians , philippines and malaysians . 
  that would assume nsa actually hunts terrorists competently , instead of just hunting down drug dealers . 
  by ww3 , you mean nato stomping russia for next several months before russia capitulates ? 
  russian army is a farce and their only real defense is nukes , which nato 's airforce and missile defense can shot down . 
  as well russia also has no allies but it 's neutral buffer belarus and a few small unrecognized states . 
  not even isis would be that insane . 
  nukes are either being carried by a plane or being shot as a missile . 
  both can be shot down . 
  which totally inefficient , hugely expensive , often abused system that is just blatant privacy invasion . 
  also , nsa completely failed to even find a hint of boston bombings . 
  even though both brothers were on social media . 
  you do n't mistake putin 's private military plane going from brazil with malaysian commercial plane going from netherlands . 
  and putin is n't nuts to fly over ukraine airspace . 
  it should , but will it ? 
  talk about pointless statistic . 
  at least he admits it 's ukraine 's territory . 
  pishilin resigned today while in moscow . 
  gubarev will most likely follow soon . 
  no way ukraine would just a random plane off sky . 
  it 's so easy to be discovered and consequence of being discovered is a death sentence for ukraine . 
  while gains are small , as eu is still spineless while obama 's administration is too bogged down with internal problems . 
  yeah , it 's up on this subreddit . 
  missed it ? 
  ceasefire would be a terrible decision , as insurgents would use it to regroup and resupply . 
  which would only extend the war and increase casualties . 
  maybe not invading ukraine in the first place would have avoided lot 's of deaths ? 
  both . 
  putin is protecting some serb war criminals in russia , so he gives no fuck about protecting the image . 
  only possible peace is unconditional surrender by the rebels . 
  and those guys deluded themselves to fight til the end against imaginary nazi invasion , while hoping russia will eventually invade once again . 
  basically , peace negotiations are a goddamn waste of time . 
  ukraine government already has set goal to implement parliamentary election some time this year , as they still need to fully legitimize their government . 
  electing poroshenko was only half of job done in legitimizing . 
  putting that on peace treaty condition would be a bit pointless . 
  as for referendums , that 's gon na take years of discussion . 
  scotland , quebec nor catalonia did n't got their referendum on quick notice and even then there was a year long time left between for debates on seceding . 
  putting that on peace treaty conditions would be irresponsible , as it 's a promise you ca n't keep even if you want to . 
  and laying down arms is kinda gon na happen in unconditional surrender . 
  basically , only that option is possible or eliminate insurgency through warfare . 
  ukraine government already promised use of russian language as second language on local level . 
  meanwhile insurgents wasted their amnesty chance several times , so ukraine should prosecute them for treason , aiding terrorism , actively committing terrorism and war crimes ( depending on individuals , as investigation unfolds ) . 
  eliminating insurgency through warfare will sadly cost lot 's of civilian and troops lives . 
  however insurgents just refuse to surrender and are still attacking ukraine forces , so they have to get rid off . 
  blood is entirely on insurgents hands and on anyone in power who wants to extend war for searching impossible comprising peace treaty . 
  ukraine tried everything it can to have peaceful resolution , but insurgents refused every damn time as they 're only interested in kiev capitulating on entire eastern and southern ukraine . 
  and to be recognized as independent state . 
  such terms ukraine ca n't accept nor should it . 
  even at this final moments of war , insurgents wo n't give in and think they can still win everything they wanted . 
  so no , conditional peace is impossible when you delusional insane party that refuses to surrender until it 's dead or captured or run away . 
  sucks it will manage to escape . 
  they could , you know , allow investigators to investigate first . 
  instead of getting in their way and meddling with evidence . 
  i like this part .
