  78 % on pc with 10 critics , 75 % on ps4 with 28 critics , 77 % on xbone with 18 critics . 
  pc and xbone aggregate scores have been raising as more critics scores are posted , while ps4 's score is stuck at 75 % consistently . 
  i 'm sorry and this might get me down voted , but compared to previous mass effect games which all had metacritic scores north of 90 , this is extremely disappointing . 
  me1 and me3 absolutely never deserved those high scores , not even for their times . 
  not really , sony mandates 1080p resolution for all sp games on ps4 . 
  for that ps4 version of me : a is poorly performing , while xbone performs alright as it 's allowed to have 900p resolution . 
  if sony were to allow 900p resolutions on ps4 , then me : a would have been superior to xbone version . 
  but that is not the case . 
  yeah , it 's mainly the issue with people who have dual cards . 
  i have a potato of a pc compared to monster that tb has , yet i can play the game fine on high settings even at eos . 
  although to be fair , i did not stream the game . 
  but still , amazes me how my pc on par with consoles can play it fine compared to tb 's monster that just tanks . 
  yeah , i think it is a design decision . 
  because there 's no way it takes that long to load kadara port . 
  shit it takes as long to open a door for that bar then it is to leave that bar . 
  i doubt it is due to loading the level . 
  there 's only one quest that is time sensitive , and only because you get a timer . 
  otherwise , all quests can be done at any time without consequences . 
  bioware did that on purpose due to complaints from me2 , which screwed over legion 's content to most people as you ca n't have him for long without sacrificing your normandy crew . 
  man this game is gon na be replayed a lot , just thanks to the profile system . 
  i 'm playing 2nd run right now and it feels like a completely different game as i went from engineer-infiltrator combo to adept-vanguard combo . 
  and i was focusing only on two profiles and favourites so far , how will game change when i start going even more varied . 
  i still hear to this day that engineer class was the worst class in me2 and me3 . 
  what in the fuck , that 's the most fun and op class in both of those games . 
  i was ready to despise peebee from pre-release material we get from her . 
  in the end , i managed to get to like her a lot . 
  i think it helps i am not forced to like her and agree with her constantly like i had to with liara . 
  and that i can get mad . 
  very , mad at peebee . 
  and then if you go professional route you get option to shoot the console in an interrupt . 
  ah the classic renegade option was back and i loved it . 
  but here 's a thing , me : a was delayed already by 6 months . 
  it was originally meant to be released in september 2016 . 
  bioware had plenty of time to polish the game , but simply could n't do everything in already extended time . 
  it 's really just mac walters with his humanity superior boner . 
  thankfully , he had very little impact in writing me : a as creative director . 
  hey , when a lie undersells a far better alternative you actually , i 'm gon na let it pass . 
  it 's just stupid marketing move at that point . 
  also it makes sense for ryder to really only talk about humans . 
  afterall , he/she mainly spend time around humans with little interaction with aliens before going to andromeda . 
   liam is n't funny in the opening mission , this i agree . 
  habitat 7 being an utter disaster kinda makes people not crack jokes . 
  it would have been really out of place if he did that . 
  hell this is a same case with varrick in da : i opening . 
  he does n't do any jokes either because , you know , sky is killing everyone . 
  not an appropriate time . 
  honestly , only one time i got to have my inventory full . 
  and that 's due to ng + as i had a ton of special ammo stocked up and i completely forgot that i had increased my inventory space in avp . 
  had to sell that shit post-prologue . 
  my guess is arks were not meant to be permanently on nexus . 
  only temporarily until they can refuel , resupply , release essential personal out of cryo and get back to their golden world if found to start colonizing . 
  ai expected some of 7 golden worlds would be a bust by the time they arrive , but not all 7 . 
  as well due to kett and scourge threats , all arks were forced to remain docked at nexus for security reasons . 
  actually quarian ark was always part of the first wave , but was delayed due to technical issues . 
  second wave is unknown to happen , as by the time it can be build reaper war starts . 
  while many would want to build an ark to ditch milky way to save themselves from reapers , resources were focused on crucible . 
  reapers will not appear in me : a , bioware had said so many times . 
  geth are , however , a maybe . 
  my bets are that daro'xen makes their sam more gethified and that gethified sam get 's pissed because quarians attack geth just before reaper war starts . 
  also probably a bunch of geth hitch a ride , or perhaps geth had their own ark ready to be launched in worst case scenerio . 
  afterall , geth were eyeing for heleus cluster . 
   i do n't know , i seem to remember this same kind of negative feedback about mass effect 3 's ending, 
  it was nearly unanimous with me3 ending that it was terrible . 
  however with me : a it is different case as it is clearly polarized . 
  many people love it , others hate it . 
  but people who hate it are mostly blowing shit out of proportions . 
  funny thing is , tb does n't even consider himself either a reviewer nor a critic . 
  he describes himself as a commentator , nothing more and nothing less . 
  but me : a was delayed by 6 months . 
  it was originally meant to be released in september of 2016 . 
  there 's no point to do fresh new game start anymore . 
  when you do ng + in me : a , you get all customization options including changing gender , training and shepard 's gender . 
  so that 's great . 
  it 's speculated that development budget was 40 million and marketing budget 35 million . 
  however , majority of senior staff of me : a are from bioware edmonton . 
  montreal did the grunt work , but edmonton was still firmly in charge . 
   not doing anything shady, 
  pick one . 
  default sara ryder has some serious facial animations issues , but that 's not the case with custom made femryder . 
  it 's weird , you 'd think issue would be other way around . 
  if you at least enjoyed trilogy , then you 'll love this game . 
  if you 're good financially , get it now . 
  if not , i guess wait til game get 's on first minor sale . 
  it was a anti-sjw movement that managed to fooled a lot of people into thinking it was about fighting for ethics in gaming journalism . 
  source , i 'm one of those that got fooled . 
  the subtle bigotry against slavs sure does looks common trend among many cd projekt red fanboys . 
  not to the asari , no . 
  but maybe yes for turians , krogans , quarians , geth ... 
  i can never take people seriously who say me1 was a great game yet shit on me : a. 
  seriously , me : a is a fucking love letter to me1 . 
  it 's literately a game that me1 wanted to be . 
  and yet these same me1 zealots hate me : a ?!, 
  hipsters , that 's what they are . 
  goddamn hipsters . 
  yeah , he 's kind of a douche who was stupid enough to reject a cut in profits of tw franchise . 
  and me2 . 
  it made me bisexual . 
  no , wait , that was me2 . 
  the funny part is that bioware worked closely with esa on trying to make me : a the most authentic as possible to space astronaut shit . 
  it 's probably same old bullshit argument from during me2 days when some people insisted that game was n't an rpg because it did n't had stats all over the place , terrible inventory feature and broken mechanics like me1 did .
