  but not as effectively nor safely . 
  but it was clearly still in prototype stage , nowhere near ready to be mass produced and used for military purposes . 
  but that 's nazi germany in a nutshell . 
  they rushed their prototypes into mass production to have short term technological edge but in long term it was a waste of resources and manpower . 
  and gibraltar . 
  they overwhelmingly voted to stay in eu . 
  now they would want to leave and join eu as independent or be annexed by spain which is an eu member . 
  spain might still be an issue . 
  they are staunchly against new independent countries . 
  know what ? 
  i like this flag . 
  le pen and national front has no chance to win though . 
  wait , i thought we allowed dual-citizenship ? 
  i spell how i want !, 
  [ funny now that you mention it ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/brexit-spain-proposes-shared-sovereignty-over-gibraltar-073024806.html ) . 
  i 'd go with both . 
  laugh at their leadership incompetence , then cry afterwards that poor conscripts are getting pointlessly killed . 
   name a single functioning democracy in the middle east ? 
  turkey . 
   i think bashar has been a successful president, 
  yeah , he sure was successfully by getting his country into a civil war . 
  so fsa fights and captures the city and then retreats after vbied attacks ? 
  hmh , it looks like fsa might be smart this time by forcing isis to use suicide attacks but retreat to avoid casualties from it . 
  and it seems like isil had reduced their capabilities in area due to manjib , as they are only fighting at al-rai instead of trying to retake villages from fsa like in past . 
  at this rate palmyra will fall once again in a month or two . 
  lol, 
  isis claims to have killed 35 fsa rebels , but without any evidence to support that while rebels have yet to comment on any losses . 
  come on poland , break through the swiss fortress !, 
  ... that realization that mand\u017euki\u0107 is like milik . 
  poland is absolutely awful . 
  they were great in first half , but completely fallen apart in second half time and were just fatigued in extra times to defend for penalties . 
  i expected way better from poland !, 
  finally lewadowski scores . 
  i really feel bad for the swiss . 
  this is exactly how croatia felt back in 2008 against turkey . 
  wales !, 
  n. ireland !, 
  you better be fucking better then previous awful match !, 
  poland you disappointed me . 
  i meant poland vs switzerland . 
  our job !, 
  great goalkeepers are n't enough to win . 
  that 's a funny way to spell hungary . 
  he 's doing pre-season for west ham , so he had to leave even though itv probably wanted for him to stay . 
  i knew it , i knew it . 
  we lost in last minute . 
  i feel so dead inside . 
  same situation like back in 2008 . 
  we get hyped and lost to inferior team due to dirty play , shitty ref and plain bad luck . 
  i should have learned this after 16 years of disappointment . 
  we 'll just forever be stuck under 1998 3rd place shadow . 
  even back in 2008 ref was dreadful to turkey as well . 
  and awful refs returned to haunt us . 
  fuck fifa and uefa with their referees selections . 
  because our coach \u010ca\u010di\u0107 is absolutely terrible , that 's why . 
  since day 1 i dreaded that guy and i knew he 's going to waste out golden generation !, 
  fuck him and \u0160uker especially for putting yet another mami\u0107 's puppet !, 
  now i want hungary-iceland finals . 
  handball is much better sport , now that i think about it . 
  it 's just as bad . 
  we should have lose to spain and play italy instead . 
  we 'd have kept our underdog mentality and beat italy like we do half the time . 
  ronaldo was still awful in this match . 
  i was only 5 when that happened . 
  i have no memory of that success . 
  or it 's a ping pong situation . 
  rebels can not allow regime to succeed there and are counter-attacking . 
  i hate you . 
  i 'm sure he 'll make sand snakes will pay for their crimes , without complicating alliance with dorne and targeryans . 
  although if tywin 's corpse was n't burned to ashes by wildfire , he 'd been rolling in his grave right now . 
  ** ultimate disappointment **, 
  she can only take comfort that the north has no interest to march south due to while walker threat . 
  to be fair , they did killed their livers in previous episode . 
  not really , she caused this mess in the first place and by killing tyrells she is now at war with reach and dorne who 's armies are intact and outnumbering lannister 's armies and what 's little is left of stormborn armies . 
  and with targeryian armada coming in , she effectively destroyed lannister rule of westeros . 
   the thing is , the tyrell army ( provided it still exists ) was fairly large, 
  it still exists and it 's very large . 
  tyrell army only fought during battle of blackwater and had suffered minimal losses . 
  and that was their only engagement in entire civil war . 
  so tyrell 's alone have exact amount of troops as dothraki horde does . 
  by adding in dorne , unsullied , greyjoy ironmen and 3 grown dragons , daenerys will crush drained lannister army with ease . 
  oh you sam . 
  lol , cersei totally went anders on this place . 
  dakingindanorf !, 
  well you 're fast . 
  iceland is not in eu though . 
  right on time . 
   donald trump has a good chance at becoming the president of the united states, 
  nah , he 's tanking in polls . 
  his campaigning is an utter disaster and poorly financed . 
  wait , are you talking about apostate mage anders or knight templar anders ? 
  you 're still not making it clear . 
  without allies and stability , the rule wo n't last long . 
  is clover from northern ireland or republic of ireland ? 
  looks like their north aleppo offensive ended in complete failure . 
  and against tiger forces , the elite of regime army . 
  this is a major victory for rebels and massive loss for regime , for morale at least . 
  true , but did tiger force ever launched offensive like this in aleppo before ? 
  cause if not , this is a big defeat for them . 
  the best what regime can offer with russia air support , yet they failed to besiege aleppo city by first obstacle .
