  no , this is what you said :, 
   * that 's the ingame reason , the real reason is budget mismanagement tho *, 
  you claimed we are limited to heleus cluster due to financial mismanagements , not because that 's what devs wanted it like that . 
   we 're only limited to this cluster , because the writers wanted it that way , and if they wanted to do it differently they could 've easily done it . 
  which is it buddy ? 
  bioware could n't do it because of financial mismanagement or they made a concussion decision to restrict us to heleus cluster . 
  lol, 
  me : a 's story is far better then me1 's . 
  same bug exists in dragon age inquisition . 
  somehow , codex entries clog the system and if you do n't mark as read after like a dozen new entries , party/squad banter just stops . 
  thankfully bioware added `` mark as read '' option for it , knowing well in advance this bug still remains but are unable to fix it . 
  i did not state every concept art is better then what we get in the final release . 
  you can find concept art for me : a that looks inferior then we got in the final game . 
  me : a does n't look to you a 40 million dollar budget game ?!, 
  your statement is utterly absurd and flat out objectively incorrect on basis of reality of game development . 
   unfortunately , there are bugs on top of bugs , and entries get stuck , or ghosted or whatever the fuck else and mark all does n't work , not that it helps inventory or quests ( no similar option ) when the same thing happens , or the fact that skills continue racking up for allies who are already maxed . 
  me trilogy , especially me1 , are far more buggy then me : a and were never properly patched . 
   i despise constant notifications for `` look new stuff lolz '' in games , and it 's worse when it 's broken to the point of pointlessness . 
  you mean like me3 . 
  only , better in me : a. 
  also optional !, 
   my quests and inventory have been permanently bugged since about 1/3rd of the way through . 
  skills followed once i maxed out allies and now , right at the end and post-game , codex too . 
  menu is lit up like a christmas tree and it 's annoying as fuck . 
  that 's such a trivial bug to complain about . 
  sure it is a bug worth reporting , but goddamn of all the bugs to choose to complain it 's that one ? 
   mass effect 1 was one game , and it was believable because the characters acted realistically in the context of their situation . 
  oh yeah , them being codex narrators for the most part sure was believable . 
  yeah , but hitler did n't start with germany completely in ruins . 
  you do n't get contacted for taking part of a survey . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  and they likely go back to people who previously gave them bad scores to see did they improved . 
  because , that 's what they want to discover . 
  they 're not doing surveys to get confirmation bias , but to get feedback to improve . 
  because that 's what people demanded since me2 was released . 
  many were upset that open world section from me1 were removed . 
  bioware brought it back , far greater and far more fun then in me1 . 
  and yet a ton of people despise the open world section . 
  so , really , bioware has super contradictory feedback from it 's fanbase . 
  he 's conclusion is rather off . 
  basically he says do n't listen to feedback , just do the game you want to make . 
  you know , just like me3 's endings . 
  where casey and walters did n't want to listen to anyone 's feedback . 
  instead made something they thought it would be great . 
  that worked out really great , did n't it ?!, 
  also when you make aaa title games , you do n't have luxury to go blind on what audience 's feedback . 
  those `` evil '' suits wo n't give you money to make that game if you have no guarantee you will even be able to finish the game , let alone sell it well . 
  it 's very impractical . 
  every open world game has `` lazy '' fetch quests . 
  including that over-glorified witcher 3 . 
  fetch quests are unavoidable for open world games . 
  * sighs *, 
  it 's stated in the game that nexus leadership also makes such decision ( which they did with two failed outposts on eos ) , however due to political gridlock pathfinder has executive power to decide on the outposts and cryo awakening . 
  also in case of pathfinder and his or hers decided successors dying or simply not capable anymore , then there is a process of getting candidates and who will be next pathfinder . 
  sam also gets to bring up recommendations that puts heavy weight in decision . 
  overall i would not recommend to play insanity on fresh new game with level 1 , no matter your build . 
  my god was the first third of the game major pain and suffering for me due to that . 
  and even then , it was still way more then we got in met . 
  in entire trilogy , we got to mourn kaidan or ashley dying on virmire once . 
  in a single line . 
  in me3 . 
  and no mourning scene for thane until citadel dlc . 
  meanwhile in me : a we get to mourn alec 's death on a several occasions , get to talk how we miss him with many characters . 
  in fact there 's an entire side quests revolving around alec where we can talk about alec some more . 
  what bioware did with ryder family is amazing . 
   i did my first playthrough on insanity , it 's pretty spotty early on but it gets to be ok by around level 20 . 
  that 's what i meant by first 1/3 of game , silly . 
  well insanity is much more manageable on ng + . 
  it is clear that difficulty was not meant to be played on fresh new game , but bioware allowed that option . 
  i must have been doing something wrong , cause i did n't reach level 20 until exaltation mission . 
  we should crowdfund to produce a fully functional tiger tanks and then watch it burn by it 's lack of functionality . 
  damn right !, 
  / uj / is / r/gaming really that ban happy or is it just a exaggerated joke ? 
  there 's no evidence of any major banks funding nor organizing propaganda to increase ethnic and racial tensions . 
  sorry to burst you bubble , but not even the ultra rich are a monolithic . 
  even the top 0.01 % are divided in their goals and tactics . 
  and that also dismisses the issue that republican ideology for past 60 or so years is just rotten to it 's core . 
  tax cuts , social programs cuts , military spending increase , deregulations . 
  it 's not just the top republican party members that want , but the average joe republican voters also wants it . 
  only because that is their ideology , regardless how many times you point them out how much this ideology 's agenda hurts them the most , even more then the average joe democrat . 
  this is a serious human problem on how the masses follow something even when it is blatantly clear that it hurt them while help the elites . 
  they want to nuke us , they just have no capability to do so . 
  isis and al-qaeda celebrated when trump won . 
  isis knows they will get more recruits due to trump 's anti-muslim rhetoric and continue to escalate islam vs west ( plus russia , turkey and iran ) conflict , while al-qaeda knows trump will severely weaken us economically and diplomatically . 
  well that and jill stein being a friend with putin , which royally pisses off russian green party . 
  they were mainly celebrating on social media like facebook and twitter ( both companies are terrible at banning terrorists off their sites ) . 
  and why it was n't on media more ? 
  well , i have no idea . 
  mainstream media has bad record on trying to cover anything from insurgents view point . 
  plus as a whole al-qaeda 's long term strategy is a public knowledge . 
  they desire to throw western countries into chaos so they can get out of middle east so they could form pan-arabic mega-islamic caliphate . 
  isis in other hand are militaristic as hell and they want to wage war with infidels . 
  they know that western far right-wingers are militaristic too , so they can push westerners to come to middle east to fight with them and destroy the world , so that jesus can be reborn and lead islam to world dominance . 
  no , seriously , isis believe in that shit . 
  also by radicalised anti-islamic westerns , they push muslim minorities in their countries to get radialized as well and become potential isis recruits and sleeper cells . 
  that one does sound as something he would say . 
  just this thing to point out, 
  new york and california used to be swing states . 
  today , those states are unreachable for republicans . 
  to think texas and florida turning blue , you have to also think how royally republican party fucked up to appease racist white voters .
