  as well lived in very luxury villa on the mountain , guarded by a private ss division . 
  that 's not humble at all . 
  hold on , we still need to mass produce degman tanks . 
   brazilian falklands, 
  now that 's just low . 
  how would you earn those rights back , if you 're not allowed to post ? 
  well mcdonald 's is killing us , we just have too bad taste in food so we always go to them . 
  silence_hr za 2016 !, 
  tako je !, 
  like serbia . 
  and leave no virgins either !, 
  ghandi go home . 
  bosnia scraping down dayton treaty = croatia get 's casus belli to get it 's clay back = serbia get 's casus belli to remove kebab and filthy catholic nazis while getting some clay, 
  it does make me want to check `` the longest day '' , though . 
  never heard of that movie before , either . 
  considering bosnia is not considered a fail-state , oh boy it can get worse . 
  if bosnia were to break up that treaty , i think eu has to collapse first . 
  it 's what pretty much keeps us from not being hostile between each other . 
  to be ~ ~ welfare states to germany ~ ~ progressive european nations . 
  well i am joking for the most part . 
  clay is a clay . 
  no , he 's pretty socialist for european standards . 
  being pro-life and anti-gay marriage does n't make you conservative . 
  i thought that 's fox news propaganda . 
  more or less that is kinda true , though it 's mainly due to their lack of professionalism and too much bias . 
  though then again , what was said there is more like fox news propaganda . 
  not really . 
  if you still do n't believe in it 's shit , it 's a failure of propaganda . 
  or because i 'm just not following cnn ? 
  except that cnn is considered a giant joke , especially since their boston marathon bombing coverage flop . 
  fox news and cnn have different kinds of big stupidity , while spewing own pro-establishment propaganda . 
  and both have big audience . 
  well , big old audience . 
  so i 'd say they 're both equally effective , from my personal impression that i 've seen on the internet . 
  even if the time machine worked , warning your past self would n't help at all . 
  wasted effort , my dear poland . 
   the commenters in til do not understand the definition [ 1 ] of coup . 
  that ' not bad history . 
  that 's a bad dictionary . 
  polish general # 1 : we 're getting overrun by germany !, 
  what should be the next step of action ? 
  polish general # 2 : we should attack russians !, 
  polish general # 1 : why ? 
  polish general # 2 : we need to retreat our forces somewhere , right ? 
  polish general # 1 : good point . 
  nah , it 's actually kinda neat small addition in lore of that franchise . 
  sramotno !, 
  tako bi postupio da sam iz fife . 
  basically , fuck context !, 
  just put overzealous and rigid bans and censorship !, 
  that 's surely gon na destroy racism !, 
  somehow . 
  i mean , why do hard and long work to improve society through improved education and psychology to be more open ? 
  zero tolerance rules are so much easier to do and never backfired . 
  right ? 
  so brave !, 
  yes . 
  that 's assuming that chant is fundamentally racist . 
  i 'd say same to you , at least on this issue . 
  dunno , this time germany would assist poland . 
  by not attacking them , that is . 
  downvoted . 
  this is hugely far from being a unpopular opinion . 
  plus story is more focused on relationship between two brothers , then on it 's religious aspects . 
  all that talk , just because i accidentally missed a comma . 
  pretty only nazi swastika is disallowed . 
  otherwise , i do n't think asian football confederation would exist , or at least not be with fifa . 
   causes by the right wing to forcibly create a new croatian identity, 
  pretty sure that identity existed before . 
  and if it was n't for milo\u0161evi\u0107 , who forcibly and violently destroyed autonomy 's of kosovo and vojvodina while propagading serbian ultra-nationalism , croatia could have seceded peacefully . 
  depending on who would be there instead of milo\u0161evi\u0107 and how herzegovina dispute would have got resolved , since president tu\u0111man and croat majority there wanted to be part of croatia . 
   this subbreddit is full of left wing-liberals and you can hear opinions only from their perspective, 
  hey now , no need to generalize . 
  i 'm left wing-liberal too and i 'm defending joe here . 
  well i never said that , but i 'm very sure war was not in his best interest . 
  when you have a tyrant like milo\u0161evi\u0107 around , it would be naive and foolish not to have a plan for conflict . 
  no , it should be investigated did he used nazi swastika and did he used it for nazism support . 
  i mean if a guy is one of those rare european buddhist or one of pagan beliefs , his religion devotion should n't be suppressed just because of nobody bothering to investigate . 
  and fifa investigates this kind of stuff . 
  i remember when mand\u017euki\u0107 was accused of doing nazi salute during his goal celebration , only that he made a common military salute . 
  just that [ one frame of photography ] ( http://files-cdn.formspring.me/photos/20130409/n51644ba16d403.jpg ) looked like he was doing nazi salute , [ while whole video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdars-ef5te&amp;feature=player_embedded ) shows he did n't even simulate salute . 
  though do ignore the title , mario denied he was saluting for freed generals . 
  that took several days to investigate , until [ fifa came to conclusion ] ( http://www.supersport.com/football/germany/news/121119/mandzukic_nazi_salute_row_dismissed ) that mario did n't do anything to resemble nazi like nor it was political . 
  overall process took pointlessly long in my opinion , but process was made . 
  so that 's what is needed , not jump on conclusions and just give punishments left and right without investigating . 
  rome empire does n't exist nor roman culture is much similar to modern italian one . 
  so you ca n't really use that excuse . 
  plus , roman empire was a xenophobic warmongering genocidal totalitarian slave-owning supremacist state . 
  not something to glorify anyway , even with them spreading their advanced culture and technology throughout known world . 
   i 'm not sure why you think this matters as this fact does n't change anything . 
  because religions that use swastika still exist and would be discriminatory to ban them from using it in western world , just because of some western asshole used it too after them . 
   ... and their symbolism ( at least the appropriated salute ) was n't banned until hitler . 
  again , twhat you stated above does n't change anything does n't change anything . 
  a whole lot of stuff was n't there or is removed after hitler 's rampage . 
  some for the worse , some for the better . 
  because mac walters and casey hudson felt they needed to be more artsy and less gamey . 
  well leviathan dlc has little to no input from neither of the two , besides for green-lighting it . 
  basically , they did n't think besides to confuse players for sake of confusing . 
  considering leaked dialogue with the catalyst is nearly identical as in finished game and even the endings are same , ending had no changes . 
  i find it funny how grand columbia is smaller then columbia .
