  they 'll suffer losses for no reason as they stand no chance without us air support against rebels who have turkish artillery and air support . 
  [ apparently they did ] ( https://twitter.com/syria_rebel_obs/status/768494677691551744 ) . 
  isis retreat left the vacuum and sdf raced to capture some territory and are now clashing with fsa . 
  azaz pocket rebels lack any heavy weapons and unlike ypg they had no us special forces stained with them nor us airstrikes 24/7 . 
  and whole turkish artillery support was n't good enough as turkey could have only provided it close to the border , so rebels could have only advance by forming a salient . 
  isis excels at attacking long salient , hence why rebels were so easily pushed . 
  now azaz rebels have not only have turkish special forces and turkish air support to count on , but now they have turkish tanks backing them up and possibly turkish artillery might cross the syrian border too in close future . 
  possible , but that attack was most likely it was a random show of force to remind rebels that isis still has agents in their territory, 
  sro now considers all rebels in jarabulus to be foreign legionaries . 
  very likely they plan to do that , but if rebels and turkey are prepared to counter vbied 's then isis counter-attacks would be futile . 
  from what we can tell , ypg is n't taking part of this and are in fact packing their packs out of manjib area . 
  rebels and turkey are shelling sdf 's new position , there was no agreement on this . 
  sdf came from hill side of the village , so they had a clear tactical advantage and presumably they came to village first . 
  fsa will most likely regroup and then do bigger assault later on . 
  or they went to that village expected to be abandoned after isis retreat only to meet sdf that are holding the hills of that village ? 
  not with aleppo city front being fully active . 
  fsa also most likely regrouped and increased their numbers to take the village off sdf . 
  no way sdf will keep that village for long . 
  if they do somehow do , then azaz rebels truly are a lost cause and they may as well surrender to efrin ypg . 
  sdf has no heavy weapons to speak off and they lost air support west of the river . 
  and as it 's claimed by sro , turkish tanks are already there providing support for fsa assault that should follow soon . 
  not surprised , sdf has no heavy weapons nor air support while fsa turkish tanks , artillery and air support . 
  that would still be dumb , turkey and fsa will see that as aggressive stance and shell them . 
  sdf should sit back and hold territory they gained before turkish-fsa jarabulus offensive . 
  but they could move their artillery inside syria . 
  they moved in tanks , why not artillery later on too ? 
  isis is on complete retreat , they will most likely fortify themselves in al-bab for last stand there . 
  isis would have crushed cizire ypg once they captured kobane . 
  no us , no ypg outside of efrin and no sdf . 
  i hope fsa is prepared this time . 
  counter-attack attempt ? 
  very likely . 
  would it be successful ? 
  hard to say , but i lean towards no . 
  because isis is more then happy to allow civilians to escape from their areas . 
  oh wait , they do n't !, 
  isis uses civilians as human shield , why the hell would they now start letting them escape to areas not controlled by them ? 
  rather smart from isis , actually . 
  things were far from good for cizire ypg however . 
  especially if kobane fell , that isis army ( which was destroyed by us ) would have come crashing down . 
  i 'm more reminded of ww2 as allies made a complete fake army lead by patton to be bombed by german bombers . 
  old news , fsa recaptured the village . 
  check the time stamp of the tweet , it was posted 5 hours ago . 
  it 's when it was first time reported fsa lost the village to sdf . 
  since then they recaptured it . 
  only turkey is doing that . 
  us and other partners are not bombing sdf positions . 
  doubtful , turkey began sending in [ more tanks ] ( https://twitter.com/afp/status/768701133778931712 ) into syria and now bringing [ heavy utility vehicles ] ( https://twitter.com/abdbozkurt/status/768703759841161217 ) . 
  ypg/sdf has no chance to capture al-bab without us air support . 
  without heavy weapons and us air support , this is impossible . 
  and it assumes that turkey wo n't move in artillery inside syria . 
  there were reports for past week that isis is withdrawing from jarabulus with civilians due to turkish shelling of the city . 
  i 'm honestly surprised they did that . 
  although it helps that weather was good that night and they have no worries of being bombed from air . 
  i 've been following it closely since 2014 , and i still baffled on what 's going on this war . 
  rebels have that colour already . 
  it would make things confusing . 
  yeah , this will be a tough nut to crack . 
  [ another shell hits the town ] ( https://twitter.com/ahmadalkhtiib/status/768758822202699776 ) . 
  still no word who or from where is shelling that town . 
  i would n't call an empire that lasted for 600 years to be a failed empire . 
  most of these raw recruits will be used to garrison controlled area while ongoing their training before being ready enough to be send to front . 
  good work there bud . 
  translating is n't easy work , especially when you want to be grammatically correct . 
  unlikely they 'll hold those villages for long . 
  sdf already lost 3 villages they captured after isis abandoned them . 
  this is a completely pointless venture that only helps isis to prepare defences . 
  they were always out of it , but only now admitted it . 
  except saa is losing the war of attrition . 
  or we wait rebel response , because they had already shut down the idea they had reached an agreement . 
  or i guess we can just blindly trust ridha 's `` credible '' sources . 
   do n't invade russia in wintertime !, 
  unless if you 're mongols . 
  or the germans in world war one . 
  or poles in much of 17th century . 
  or swedes in 18th and 19th century . 
  oh wait , you can defeat russia during winter !, 
  oh and in every case , everyone that attacked russia never attacked on winter . 
  just war campaign extended through winter . 
  those are some nasty encirclements . 
  you ca n't ... you ca n't be more devout to nazism when being part of ss . 
  you ... you ca n't . 
  that 's the furthest you can get of being a nazi . 
  h-how ?!, 
  how do these people exist ? 
  and that their unit commanders do n't flee on sight of enemy anymore , crippling chain of command . 
  iraqi army sure did went a long way since 2014 mosul disaster . 
  well , whatever get 's him off at night ? 
  oh man , ca n't wait for steam winter sale so i can buy it . 
  this sounds like massive fun . 
  this is a great flavour mod . 
  subbed, 
  can confirm , i 'm one of the 3 . 
  germanic hordes defeated a mighty austria-hungary !, 
  then again , most people are bad at micromanagement . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ me ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ included . 
  [ sro said turkey is shelling efrin ypg ] ( https://twitter.com/syria_rebel_obs/status/768926545326977024 ) . 
  [ markito claimed that efrin ypg is shelling fsa near marea ] ( https://twitter.com/markito0171/status/768889098538881024 ) , which is not yet disproven nor proven . 
  pakistani government does n't support talibans . 
  it 's sro that started to spread that regime and assad are bombing efrin , even for that turkey is bombing efrin .
