  i would just be careful about multi-tasking while playing the game ( switching to web browser , ts , spotify , etc. ), 
  and i would preferably leave at least one cpu core out of the game 's process so that system can push it 's requests on that . 
  changing priority definitely improves performance if used wisely , but it should be used very carefully . 
  poeple can also use [ this ] ( http://www.eightforums.com/tutorials/40287-cpu-priority-shortcut-program-create-windows.html ) simple example to create their own gw2 shortcut with set priority ... 
  i prefer it this way , because i do n't want to use ( = install ) third party tool just for one game . 
  to be honest , i do n't really care about helmet designs . 
  maybe that 's because my favourite driver has a bit of fetish on changing them every session , but yeah ... i would n't mind lewis going back to yellow . 
  except that color in the eyes , [ that charr ] ( http://imgur.com/jbwntde ) looks kinda high . 
  and disturbing . 
  and creepy . 
  in case that somebody does n't know , there are also artworks with original designs :, 
  [ here ] ( https://d3b4yo2b5lbfy.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/wallpapers/guildwars2-05-1920x1080.jpg ) & [ here ] ( https://d3b4yo2b5lbfy.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/guildwars2-26.jpg ), 
  it was n't that bad , it was just ... generic . 
  [ back in the beta ] ( http://imgur.com/bklqk6i ) :-) good times , running around with torch guardian & sh * t. 
  yeah , this is still one of the most beautiful areas in the whole game . 
  or like she has had some shit . 
  did n't notice that , nice catch !, 
  she probably relies on broham then . 
  really looking forward to what we are going to see next week . 
  i feel like arenanet is trying to push him into `` lots of muscles , no brain at all '' stereotype . 
  i think he would deserve more than that , just because it 's really hard to like him when he 's acting like this , even though he 's a good guy . 
  ps : everybody in my guild calls him broham . 
  funny thing is , that back in beta/launch days i thought that this is hardest mmo i 've ever played . 
  how times have changed ... darn . 
  well ... it 's fair question , because many things are capped in f1 . 
  while i 'm no way near to being his fan/supporter ... he 's the only one who kept the team in top tiers , so if they want to hold on that trend , they better pay him any money he asks for . 
  a bit ot ( i guess ) : too bad heikki is n't driving anymore , i know what band he would pick !, 
  [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llz_mj7oa28 ), 
  that 's true , but that does n't mean that marussia did n't have to work hard to get there ... it could have been sauber instead if they did n't . 
  it looks pretty damn good for that age . 
  wow does n't have any super-cool fancy graphical effects , but it 's art-style and general design polishment is just ageless . 
  not sure if plain stupid , or just a troll . 
  maybe both ... 
  there are things i love about gw2 . 
  there are things i hate about gw2 . 
  and there is one thing i would punch the man for just coming up with that idea - bl chests with stupid rng & shitty gambling mechanics . 
  if somebody farms it in the game - okay then , but i do n't want to do that boring shit . 
  and buying it with real money is waste , i 'd better throw it into some real world gambling where i can at least get real money in return . 
  no anet , i wo n't buy any f * cking key just because drop chance for such expensive shit hase been doubled from 0,05 to 0,1 or something . 
  to be fair , google is n't doing this because they like to ... it 's those stupid huge old-school music empires which are pushing them into it with their lobbed laws about copyright & shit . 
  no matter what they change , there always will be lots of people crying about balance , yet not providing any constructive criticism or at least some kind of solution . 
  and when they do , they usually just focus on one class and absolutely forget that some changes may make other class way too overpowered ( possibly even more than it was before ) . 
  comments here prove my point . 
  expecting downvotes , but please - at least think about it . 
  devs are people too and balancing is damn tough job to do in game dev team . 
  not really , i expected worse position . 
  4th position really pleased me . 
  i find it interesting that there is somewhat reasonable amount of people who like montoya , yet there is pretty much nobody who likes maldonado ... that does n't mean that i want maldonado in the list , i 'm just speaking of general situation . 
  well ... if you work in a bank , you do n't have to use their banking account . 
  this is same imo . 
  he 's definitely not going to come to gp in his ferrari , but he can own it and drive it in his free time . 
  just like you would n't tell your clients in bank that you actually use different banking . 
   anet just hates our computer mice . 
  this ca n't be more true , people call diablo games to be ultimate mouse killers , but since i started playing gw2 ( bwe ) , i need to buy new mouse every year ( before i had one mouse for 5 years ) . 
  rip all these left mouse buttons . 
  they were shouting stuff even before , we just could n't hear it . 
  we all know what it feels like to be frustrated by something , let 's just face it . 
  lol , i just wanted to put that video in comments , because i expected something different from `` challenging button at spa '' , but yeah ... 
  i think i get it . 
  he made lots of mistakes back in 2010 , seb 's first wdc was a lucky one . 
  i do n't want to sound rude , but this type of thread was there not so long ago : [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/comments/2btry6/the_next_feature_patch_wish_list/ ), 
  / / lol , did n't expect to get downvoted for pointing out such thing ... okay . 
  just for the sound of it ? 
  * the sunbringer * is my absolutely top and i use it from time to time , but i tend to use * the blazing light * more , because liadri cost me few almost-heart-attacks . 
  can we expect some additions to game content other than living story updates , which are cool , but do n't really bring anything for pvp and wvw ? 
  did you really kill off the idea of dungeons , or can we expect something more than one new fractal & dungeon path a year ? 
  capes ? 
  precursors crafting ? 
  capes ? 
  thanks for doing the interview btw !, 
  looking forward to it . 
  are you colin 's cousin or something ? 
  i still think that cinematics really improved over time , but i upvoted anyways , because they still need lots of polishment ... we might not ever reach square enix level ( they are gods in this matter , we all know that ) , but it gets better , i have my trust in arenanet when it comes to improving cinematics . 
  as former wow player i can say that it 's good to try , but it really depends on what did you enjoy in wow and what not . 
  if you loved leveling & doing stuff around the world instead of hardcore raiding ... you will absolutely love this game . 
  but if you are into hardcore raiding & stuff , this game has nothing to offer you . 
  leveling in gw2 is my best leveling experience of all time and i have to say that i really did love leveling in wow too ... 
  i had six 80s and two 85s . 
  if you 're casual alta-holic , this is your game . 
  i have to disagree ( did n't downvote you though ) - speedrunners will be hostile , because full dps is what they ask for in lfg , but general playerbase does n't care and it 's pretty normal to do pug with people going with any build they want to use ... unless you advertise that pug as speedrun ofc . 
  so yeah , there is only one build-type for speedrunning , but other then that ? 
  people do n't care much . 
  a bit ot : so this is the scene angry joe used in his gw2 review when he spoke about that heart !, 
  i always wondered where did that come from , thanks . 
  [ to be honest - i would n't have balls to race there in anything faster than bicycle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyhbfcfedoo ), 
  thanks alot . 
   it is n't geoblocked in my area , luckily enough . 
  that 's it , thanks !, 
  i wish that ls2 is just an prequel for actual expansion , which could be announced during the anniversary ... i like ls concept , but it simply does n't provide enough content compared to regular mmo expansions . 
  i would pay full price of the original gw2 for it , if it had enough stuff for me . 
  so he has no right to express his opinion on f1 , because he 's a champion ? 
  it was stupid to say , but as far as my understanding of democracy goes , he had full right to say it ... and do n't forget that most people were saying much worse things about f1 in the beginning of this season , he was just talking about the new engine sound . 
  most people are raging even when they are just playing computer games , yet they are nice persons in general . 
  and now imagine how would other people do under such pressure of being famous driver , who 's being judged for every good or bad result he makes ... 
  it 's been a while indeed , i kind of got used to `` people already do n't hate him ... so much '' . 
  in ability ? 
  first of all you ca n't really compare them and ... at least danica is actually racing . 
  you 're not the only one , most people who are tired of her are just usually downvoted to hell , so ... 
  rosberg , simply because i do n't like hamilton and his superstar-ish image . 
  but i could live with hamilton getting second wdc , no problems at all , he 's an amazing driver , i just ... do n't like him .
