  also please - show me an evidence that slave labors were used to build f1 circuit or something connected with it . 
  otherwise it 's just absolutely dull statement . 
  peace - i did n't downvote you tho , but get it together before you claim others to be kids with issues . 
  of course that people from media are going to bash him now , because he stood against them and refused to play their game . 
  interesting , considering that aion & warhammer online are just wow rip-offs , speaking of gameplay ofc . 
  what did you dislike on wow so much ? 
  you obviously have no idea what pay to win mmos are like . 
  great reaction by the camera guy tho . 
  `` no more ice cream . 
  q2 or race itself more likely , this year they get one special set of tyres for q1 , which they have to return after the session is over . 
  i 'm going to hate myself for that very soon , but i still upvoted . 
  these are the current rules and even though i am not lh fan , i would respect that title . 
  these rules apply for everybody and while this is pretty stupid rule , it 's here , so i am definitely not going into that `` nah he 's not real champion . '', 
  circlejerk . 
  if he wins , he deserves it no matter what people say . 
  nope . 
  claiming that 2008 was just a bad luck ... 
  i 've stopped reading there . 
  i 've had enough lh fanboyistic bullshit on mercedes fb fanpage . 
  exactly , now i think that it would be stupid to run to the car immediately after it crashed when others are behind with likely same grip issues , but at that very moment ? 
  i know i would n't think of it and act the same way that marshal did . 
  this list would be super long if i took a while , but what comes to my mind right now ? 
  * get a precursor without rng element, 
  * some kind of pve reward track , like the one from pvp, 
  * slider for particle effects, 
  * seriously , precursors without rng, 
  * build templates, 
  * customizable ui ( no need for addons , just give us some options in the game , please , please , please ! ), 
  * it got better during s2 , but still ... npc/mob ai , please !, 
  * pet previews, 
  * improve tp , get rid of that embedded website system or whatever is that , make it native in the game ( = faster & more reliable ), 
  even as nico 's supporter i say yes , hamilton was right . 
  nico was too far away most of time . 
  his spin affected his later battle for mid-points , but at that time , he already lost chances to fight for podium , because of that safety car . 
  that 's racing tho , maybe next time . 
  we have beautiful proverb in my country : `` after a battle everyone is a general . '', 
  red bull is super `` cool '' team since the very beginning . 
  it 's definitely part of their marketing , but i still enjoy it . 
  yeah , but still lightyears ahead of santander sponsored trophies . 
  i 'm slowly starting to hate the way fom handles team radios . 
  as far as we know , nico was told by the team about lewis letting him through , yet fom did n't push that message out . 
  but nico asking if it is actually going to happen ? 
  hell yeah , push it into that tv !, 
  and there we go again , missing context makes nico look like the bad guy . 
  / sigh, 
  how about you actually watch the interview before saying anything ? 
  do you know that we do n't actually get to hear every single radio conversation , right ? 
  team decided it , not nico - lewis just decided not to let him go through ( and he had full right to do it , no doubts ) , so nico was assuring if the plan still goes on . 
  get your facts straight before you make more accusations . 
  ` team has sabotaged my car . ', 
  not this year , but i believe he 's exactly that type of driver , who you can call a `` champion material '' . 
  williams , i would n't think of them being in possible battle for second position in the championship , but now i believe that they have serious chances to beat red bull . 
  i think we have a surprise coming , not saying that it 's going to be cantha expansion , but it could be something nice . 
  funny how people throw insults in their comments and suddenly are b * tching about getting downvotes , `` because fanboys '' . 
  sure . 
  this is actually what people demanded for a long time - zone specific items , weapons & stuff . 
  i like the general idea , but imo it still needs some tuning - as others have said , it might get pretty annoying to get top tiers done after some time . 
  they should ( at least ) revamp other 80 areas to use this system . 
  or keep on adding new ones with new stuff to get . 
  you do n't even have to be part of skilled guild/community , just use lfg and try to join organised run . 
   teq is easily done every day , wurm is a bit harder with less organisation , but still doable . 
  exactly !, 
  permanent swiftness is basically a mount ... without a mount . 
  is this a massive turn-around being made by arenanet ? 
  it also works with somewhere else speculated idea of waypoints numbers being lowered after vine attacks are done . 
  hype ? 
  i would personally like it , but i can imagine why some people would n't . 
  i love how the end with maw 's attack blends into guild wars 2 logo . 
  great stuff . 
  that trailer is super weird , but i would love to see that in-game battle in the actual game . 
  god , that would be awesome . 
  i really hope you are right !, 
  maybe rytlock performed classic gandalf move . 
  fakes his death , farms some exp in dungeons and comes back as shaman brimstone , as he hinted in the beginning . 
  amazing stuff , except for that subliminal scarlet picture . 
  i get that it was an experiment & might have sounded like a cool idea at first , but no ... please , do n't do this , even if it 's just for art . 
  do n't kill him , just give him better story - which also does n't mean to put him into center of everything ( again ) . 
  he can nicely co-exist as another npc , maybe as de2 .0 sylvari representative ? 
  killing him off would be cheesy . 
  i may have joked about it in the past , but now i feel like his character deserves another chance , and as far as season 2 goes , writers have improved alot . 
  even as vettel 's fan , i felt kinda bad for him , very strong moment . 
  same as op - story was good , dialogs were decent ( definitely better than in first two episodes ) , but gameplay itself was meh . 
  making us go to original gw2 areas is okay , but execution was very poor and when you finally got into working megaserver , it still was just one mindless zergfest . 
  even statue fight could have been a bit harder imo . 
  really good use of available skills . 
  he ran away to the envelope *, 
  yeah , some people bash rb for having two teams , but it 's kinda nice that they can bring in really talented drivers , since they have lots of money anyways , so they have no need for getting pay-drivers . 
  :-) and i agree , i was skeptical about kvyat , but he 's doing great especially for such young guy . 
   refined handling via gamepads delivers a more authentic and accessible driving experience for all players, 
  i ca n't really imagine how `` more authentic '' can go with `` more accessible '' at the same time . 
  it might just be classic pr thing in a list , but i am really interested how they do new car handling . 
  upvoted even though i disagree about wvw dying . 
  but you 're right , gw2 is very focused on being an mmo for pve casuals ... and people should stop taking it as an insult , because from my point of view , extremely casual mmo is exactly what i want . 
  the game is great and i love it , but it provides almost no content for hardcore gamers , who have their standards set by other games . 
  but i would love to get some more challenging content anyways , i hope they use more of that `` scarf guy '' , who created liadri . 
  to be fair , subs like this one are meant for fangirls & fanboys , no matter what game ( or tv series , music band , etc. ), 
  it 's about . 
   if there is somebody to blame , it 's op , because asking for objective informations on fan forum is never going to work out well . 
  just may , not will . 
  it 's definitely not safe speaking of system stability , but as far as my experience goes , it 's not like there is 100 % chance of system crash .
