  finally indy will have more than 10 viewers now that el nando is racing there . 
  that was awesome , that flashback to rots and then back to `` present '' where he stands in front of window that is about to shatter in his force rage ... it was at that point when vader broke emperor 's chains and decided to put up a fight . 
  great stuff . 
  2010 is probably my favorite f1 season of all time , so give that one a shot . 
  although to be honest i really like current f1 , i do n't mind less overtaking as long as i am enjoying racing overall , which so far i am . 
  but ahead of both rai and per ? 
  what ?!, 
  there are other drivers in that indy thing ? 
  shit . 
  \\ - herbert, 
  exactly . 
  katesdirtysisters is spreading some fake news !, 
  that moment when chopper maniacally plants explosives around imperial base laughing the entire time . 
  one of the funniest moments of all star wars to me . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lojgq6-mrjg ) or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_lznk-rlwq ) , or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hek07jrf_fs ) is a good way to overtake in monaco . 
  and that 's just stuff i randomly found on youtube . 
  ricciardo provided some of the best overtaking moves in recent years . 
  but this was n't one of them . 
  even if that makes me some wanker on the internet in your eyes . 
  not to mention that i seriously doubt any of drivers gives a flying fuck about what opinions we post on this sub , so i do n't see how that `` this is what makes monaco so boring to watch '' argument is supposed to work . 
  and in case you pull that out - yes , raikkonen 's move on magnussen year earlier was even worse . 
  it 's pretty well known fact , but it just came to my mind - in 2012 there were 6 driver champions on the grid , which is a record yet to be broken . 
  schumacher , alonso , vettel , hamilton , raikkonen and button . 
  but if he was racing this year that record would have been matched as long as we count jenson 's monaco gp attendance . 
  that would make : rosberg , alonso , vettel , hamilton , raikkonen and button . 
  i think dictatorship is stupid but it still happens in real world and in star wars so ... 
  they could have killed way more imperials if they straight up wanted to , often they even go out of their way to avoid more killing . 
  they could have murdered thrawn on many occassions , or kallus ( before he defected ) , ... 
  they are supposed to be fighting a war ( although in stylized way due to ratings ) , what do you expect them to do op , ask imperials nicely to drop their weapons and surrender ? 
  do n't forget we 're talking empire that is building weapon capable of destroying entire planets , wiped out entire `` religion '' including children and is led by a guy who purposefuly orchestrated horrible war that was never supposed to be won by either side - such sort of people wo n't be defeated with nice manners . 
  does it suck for random stormtroopers who die in the process ? 
  sure , but that 's war for ya . 
  threads like this make me realize why lucas probably wanted to go with droid army in prequels lol . 
  i mean ... 
  i would n't want to use that every day . 
  but yeah ... it looks pretty damn cool . 
  how are oneplus phones with discounts once the new model comes out ? 
  is it significant ? 
  did n't follow them closely at all so just asking what to expect regarding price drop of 3t . 
  that xz1 compact model sounds way too good to be true . 
  fingers crossed they do n't screw up anything . 
   google allows advertisers to indirectly access your personal information by allowing them to target your specific interests . 
  ** this is just as bad as selling it . 
  lol , no . 
  advertisers have no direct access to your personal information . 
  if somebody minds google 's advertising targeting - fine , but it 's not the same as selling your information , that simply is n't true . 
  did they ? 
  i was looking forward to rogue one from the very beginning . 
  this ? 
  i 'll give it a shot , i guess . 
  ah , okay , thanks for answer . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i think most manufacturers do n't operate with apple levels of profit margin haha ( not a hater , writing this on mac ) ... maybe except samsung and their galaxy s/note series . 
  name : mojave . 
  i just want option to type in siri commands , dark mode and better window management for desktop use . 
  it 's great on laptop use with trackpad gestures , but imo it 's really lacking when compared to how window management works on windows . 
  yes , i am using helper utilities , but those still have some imperfections and apple 's own window snapping implementation could be great ... well , if they ever decide to implement it . 
   today i find the only major differences being aesthetics, 
  and different apps set on each platform . 
  that 's about it , honestly . 
  i use both regularly , mac more for work ( app dev here ) and uni stuff ( i prefer macos ' approach to multitasking in laptop mode ) ... and windows at home for gaming , and some occasional visual studio work . 
  i dare to say both platforms crashed on me maybe twice last year . 
  last time i 've seen a major os lag ( small hiccups happen on both sometimes ) it was when windows 8 was in unfinished preview version . 
  viruses i get if said user has very basic skillset , as best antivirus precaution on both platforms is to use your head . 
  if user does n't know how to behave online , chances are he would catch some shit on windows , and on mac install mackeeper . 
  bloatware is debatable , but most of that crap is just on cheapest windows laptops nowadays , and it simply is n't fair to compare 300 usd laptop to a mac with 4 + times higher price . 
  high-end windows laptops are pretty clean nowadays . 
  as you said , that article is comparing 2016 mac to archaic windows experience that is not really close to modern reality , especially when talking same price-range . 
  joe savageard . 
  fun part is , renault wo n't give too many damns now that they are working on rebuilding their own team . 
  before they at least had some motivation to find common ground with red bull . 
  i agree . 
  what i find a bit puzzling is that while f1 fans still lament over loss of noisy engines , people who adore wec mostly love how [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ncuy-tbcvm ) sounds . 
  i mean - i love how it sounds , but at least through video it seems even quieter than hybrid f1 car , yet nobody seems to mind , quite the contrary - even in youtube comments , where people usually shit on just about everything , are now saying how great it sounds . 
  and if it was up to me , i 'd even want f1 cars to sound more like that . 
  i love that futuristic almost silent whooosh . 
  more than any f1 car sound to be honest . 
  to each their own though . 
  i understand appeal of noisy engines to some , but i do n't share it . 
  i generally do n't get the hype , but she is really good looking there . 
  best pic of her for sure . 
   we just refer to the entire complex as eau rouge because ... aint nobody got time for that, 
  eau rouge sounds way better too . 
  if you can afford pro , definitely go for that one . 
  most power and screen is great . 
  mb12 could be an issue with throttling if you have some long-time intensive cpu tasks and air lacks on screen department . 
  mb12 is for people who do n't need consistent 100 % cpu performance and air for people who are really tight on budget . 
  pro is the best option as long as you have the money . 
  current system is good and fair to everybody . 
  track/weather evolution would introduce unnecessary unfair conditions in one-shot qualifying . 
  qualifying system is one of the things f1 has just right with no need of any changes . 
  i know why it is n't there , but man this car looks wrong without all sponsors . 
  as shocking as it might seem to you , different people have different tastes . 
  i think it has more to do with shell currently being very well established as ferrari related brand . 
  honestamente !, 
  maldonado was erratic and idiot at times , but he had some pace , yeah . 
  it was funny at first , now it 's just bad . 
  that approach will take you far , keep it up kiddo . 
  press f to pay respect . 
  this has to be the most random mchonda joke shoehorn ever .
