  what a lap , did n't see that coming . 
  nico wrecked competition big time , real shame he could n't handle pressure during the season ... 
  you mean wec champion mark webber ? 
  yeah ... no . 
  for all we know hamilton is way faster and generally better than grosjean , not the other way around . 
  and i like romain , do n't get me wrong . 
  so what ? 
  he stretched his back , i do that many times every day . 
  look ... i like the guy , he 's a great talent and probably future champion ... but this is stretching it out * a bit * . 
  they both already stated being on good terms now but there is something about actually seeing it in this video . 
  heartwarming . 
  what does this have to do with rbr 's dominance ? 
  i thought there was no issue as each team has their own wind tunnel ( they do , right ? ), 
  - and to add to that , str and rbr are both established teams currently in the championship , even if rbr decided to do this somehow , they would have 50 hours per week tops ... 
  that 's more than they should have , but it 's still rather uncomparable with ferrari-haas , as haas is n't currently competing in the championship , therefore they have unlimited usage of wind tunnel . 
  at least that 's my understanding . 
  fair enough . 
  upvoted for original content . 
  but ... yeah ... i think that 's enough reddit for me today . 
  that 's not exactly the way `` no '' is spelt . 
  hehehe . 
  [ we have . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjsoxietmo ), 
  to each their own i guess . 
  porsche cars always strike me as cold ... of course i would love to drive one on race track , but if i got to choose between any ferrari and porsche ... ferrari it is . 
  ferrari has that special `` exotic '' feeling about it . 
  honestly - being in vettel 's position so that i can choose pretty much any car in the world , i would never think about going for porsche . 
  but maybe it 's also just because i always had ferrari car posters in my bedroom as a kid instead of porsche posters ... pretty much the same reason why i have a thing for lamborghini . 
  ... well and here i am , driving used seat ... 
  well , thank you for good tip on interesting holiday idea . 
  never thought about this . 
  does n't bmw and merc have some kind of tours/museum there as well ? 
  i think i 've heard about it . 
  could be an interesting weekend in stuttgart someday . 
  what did he say ? 
  i want to have some fun with kimi fans and people arguing all winter why did mercedes boys crash . 
  damn it . 
  i really used to like ted , but this year he tries very hard to turn that around . 
  that does n't change anything then , right ? 
  because haas is officialy an f1 team right after this season ends -  which means they have to obey wind tunnel limits as well . 
  i 'm very interested how much is ferrari actually going to gain for next year . 
  it 'll be embarassing if they do n't get better . 
  thank you all for great content , discussion , lols and other content this season . 
  congratulations to mercedes , hamilton and their fans - it was all very well deserved . 
  hopefully ferrari is going to meet set expectations in 2016 . 
  my inner ocd demon loves this . 
  my inner f1 fan is sad . 
  but ... i ca n't help myself . 
  just look at these point gaps between all teammates and then compare it to the one between seb and kimi . 
  ferrari wo n't get wcc in these conditions unless they are brutally dominant next year . 
  our commentary insisted on vettel driving into alonso and therefore causing the upcoming collision . 
  even after alonso got penalised . 
  man i am glad i do n't have to listen to these two for few months . 
  i 'm seriously thinking of fully switching to online streams at this point . 
  haha yeah . 
  and it 's even worse when we realise that vettel was n't perfect all season either . 
  he could 've had better finishes in bahrain and mexico ... arguably even in belgium had it not been for his strategy . 
  he sounds like young vettel there . 
  oh absolutely , he got punctured by somebody two times in the beginning of the season and ers failure in hungary . 
  on the other hand seb had engine failure in canada quali which made him push from the back ( essentialy what kimi did in both unlucky races ) and that tyre blowup in spa . 
  as for sochi and mexico , i 'd say it was mostly kimi 's fault , not exactly bad luck . 
  everything summed up kimi has had one more unlucky moment than seb if i did n't forget anything . 
  slightly off topic . 
  i wonder based on what they decide whether to region lock it or not . 
  he also joked about toto telling others about their engine on press conference , i would n't look too much into it . 
   no interest in star wars, 
  i find your lack of faith disturbing . 
  we 're going for 00:00 opening run with my best mates from college as well . 
  girls agreed to go as well so ... 
  i have to try very hard not to cry anytime during the movie , heh . 
  it wo n't be easy , there are very few things that make me go full nerd , but star wars certainly is one of them . 
  damn it . 
  considering vettel as old driver makes my head go boom . 
  sport tv czech , owned by amc , commented by tom\u00e1\u0161 richtr and jan charouz . 
  the second guy is racing driver who also drove hrt in practice session i think , but he is really bad at reading what 's going on on the screen . 
  richtr is full time commentator , he certainly is super passionate about sport , but he misses alot of stuff and mistranslates many radio comms and quick news . 
  it got annoying over time . 
  yeah , i mean ... 
  he 's younger than me so he must be very young !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ damn, 
  i guess the big sanction for speeding behind ( v ) sc is due to trying super hard to avoid any other bianchi situation . 
  maybe way too hard . 
  haha , yeah ... all cool , i just could n't miss a chance to shoehorn in some star wars catchphrase . 
  tight battle between ferrari and mercedes . 
  wcc goes to mercedes , wdc goes to vettel after dramatic finale against hamilton and rosberg ( more like a wish than a prediction tbh - but it 's not * that * unlikely ) . 
  red bull is going to get more podiums and a win , mclaren will get a podium or two . 
  lotus/renault will be very bad , they take it as transformation year and their driver lineup wo n't help . 
  williams gets surprising pole in monza , but they do n't load enough fuel so their driver does n't make it past first few laps ( i 'm not even 100 % joking ) . 
  force india might get one or two podiums again . 
  manor is going to step up it 's game and put up serious fight to sauber and haas - yeah , i expect haas to finish championship in 9th tops . 
  maybe 8th if lotus underdeveloped 2016 car due to issue they had this year . 
  how come he is ? 
  i like verstappen , but his signature move is pushing others off the track , or very close on it 's edge if you want to say it that way . 
  then * once * somebody decides to let him taste his own medicine and he gets mad . 
  i do n't really complain , he 's young and it was very in the heat of the moment , but he was rightfully penalised . 
  i would n't give him `` recorded '' penalty points though , just told him to let jenson past or give him time penalty . 
  britain , hungary , russia , singapore , usa, 
  i also loved malaysia but not exactly due to best racing ... 
  dude just chill out , he did n't say that vettel ca n't do wrong , he just came up with some explanation of his attitude at that race . 
  i love how you always have to pull out vettel fanboys despite most people in this thread talking down ( maybe unrightfully , but that 's not my point ) lewis not even being vettel fans .
