  but i 'll still bitch about it . 
  my favorite driver called me an ignorant and stupid then . 
  i can deal with it , i guess ... 
  [ to finish this story  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/6ok0f5/free_talk_friday/dkilwlm/ ), 
  so ... on monday national post office 's web was down for good half of a day and mobile app did n't respond either , guess it was down entirely including the api ... anyways , later that day they send me an sms that i did n't get the package on post office in time and that they are sending it back to carrier . 
  which means they completely ignored my request of sending it to proper address and they also sent it back despite package tracking saying that i can pick it up at said post office until early august . 
  i was naturally pretty pissed off , and on their hotline they just told me that they ca n't do anything about it now that they sent it back . 
  i was really holding myself back just not to say something very impolite to the lady on the other side , realising that it was n't really her fault ... afterwards i contacted carrier via an e-mail ( i did n't feel like calling one more hotline at that point ) ... 
  i described step by step what happened and whether they could just send that damn iphone to me once it comes back . 
  on tuesday morning i got a reply stating that they had no more iphones in stock and that they will send one after restock , which should be in a week or so . 
  i was okay with that more or less , but it did n't make sense to me , as i just wanted them to send me again the same phone they already sent me ... so i made a remark about that on twitter , not really hating , just a small jab ... which forced some lady on their social media support to dm me . 
  so i explained everything once again to her , finally had some decent communication with somebody regarding this issue . 
  she said that they will wait for the phone to come back and then they will send it immediately to me . 
  and so they did , later that day i got an sms with new package info and on wednesday i had the phone . 
  it does n't end here tho , as later on wednesday i get another sms about another package that will come to me on thursday , same price , same weight , seems like they suddenly had enough iphones to send me another one . 
  considering previous experience i went straight to twitter dm 's and told them that they sent me two instead of one this time around . 
  they apologised and told me not to pick it up , that they 'll handle it from there on . 
  and that 's how i got my new phone . 
  phew . 
  baku feels like a lovechild between monza and monaco . 
  i love driving on it . 
  it 's a cliche , and pretty annoying one as well . 
  same goes to cars ... 
  i get that older cars were more dangerous and harder to drive , but that does n't mean that current drivers are shit compared to old-era legends . 
  if anything , i believe average f1 driver of present has better driving skills than average f1 driver had back in 90s or earlier . 
  simply because sport is so much more professional nowadays . 
  same here , it 's kinda funny how responsive social media team is when compared to regular tech support . 
  from now on i wo n't even bother with call center queues or e-mails/chat and just tweet/dm them . 
  i 'd tune in just for that sweet englitalian accent . 
  yep , take away their only advantage they possibly have against mercedes , that 's gon na be so great . 
  i mean ... if these `` tricks '' were against the rules it 's fair . 
  but i 'm still salty because aero was their only advantage at this point , and it still was n't even as big as is merc 's advantage on power tracks . 
  * sigh *, 
  i saw one during british gp too . 
  and last year in monza . 
  we love our f1 . 
  not really seeing that happening to be honest . 
  hopefully we 'll have our version of kubica one day . 
  that 's the ultimate dream . 
  or how psa works . 
  this is just wrong lol . 
  jesus christ one quali with no real result and people are acting like he 's a missed great talent . 
  he 's not and besides being rather average he was also bitching just about everything , including his own team . 
  surely it 's hard to hop into a car and be decent , but people are blowing this out of proportions so much , he 's a professional race driver with f1 experience for fucks sake , of course he 's gon na adapt to the car . 
  he 's a good commentator , but he 's not a talent that was missed in f1 and todays performance does n't change anything about that . 
  not like stroll is a high benchmark anyways . 
  i have nothing personal against him , but you guys ( generally aiming at thos overly praising him today ) need to get serious reality check . 
  ... but then he decides to get high instead . 
  single person that many can relate to is more marketable than a car . 
  what does spring to your mind first regarding 2008 ? 
  hamilton being a wdc or ferrari winning the wcc ? 
  and then consider that you 're probably more hardcore than most fans . 
  pretty exceptional car considering their budget . 
  alonso to win ? 
  even as vettel fan hoping for maximum points gains ... 
  i 'm in . 
  i find it interesting how each driver reacts to non-ideal conditions . 
  when vettel dislikes the car/setup/whatever he still hopes for the best , but usually ends up being overly optimistic with divebombs , overdrives the car , or throws his worst tantrums in the radio over every little shit . 
  when hamilton dislikes the car/setup/whatever he talks it down in advance , predicting boring bad race , expecting rivals dominance , seemingly not giving many fucks before lights even go out ... which in turn helps him not to turn into angry madman that seb sometimes can be . 
  each has their own way of dealing with this type of shit . 
  and before some smartass pulls out that `` it 's as if different people have different personalities '' comment - yeah , that 's exactly my point . 
  just observing . 
   pulled the same move as schumacher 7 years ago, 
  not quite if my memory serves me correctly ... schumacher pushed him into side when rubens was already partially on his level . 
  in this case markelov was clearly still behind , hence why i think it was very fair ( tough , yeah ) defense and he simply was lured into making a horrible mistake . 
  because being passionate and being pessimistic is somehow exclusive , right ... not like you 're doing any better with that amount of salt after one p4 in quali . 
  i wonder whether he really felt that downward trend as a mclaren insider , or if he really just needed a change from that uptight environment and mercedes seemed like interesting gamble to take . 
  you know ... back then nobody really understood that decision . 
  let 's be real . 
  [ oh man imagine being tuned to vettel live all race . 
  jesus , first time i encountered german sky in a long while and they almost killed me . 
  do n't bother , even the top level comment suggests that he really just came here to take jabs at vettel camp and start a pointless argument over stuff most knowledgable fans already know anyways . 
  i really see no point on arguing about this , i 'd bet that merhi did n't even intend to take a jab at vettel rather than just praise di resta . 
  is this the first meme that was fully embraced by f1 ? 
  that 's a historic moment right there lol . 
  well , besides my continual suspicions that both ferrari drivers start sentences with bwoah intentionally . 
  i hope everybody realizes that kimi could have overtaken seb if he got better exit or so on main straight . 
  but he could n't even with sebs damage . 
  whoever says that ferrari screwed him is just talking crap . 
  at no point of the race he deserved the win more , he would n't even have a chance without vettels issues . 
  not to mention he was fifth in the wdc , no point letting him through via orders lol . 
  also class act by lewis for letting valteri back , it also seems like it was his initiative , not a team order ... great stuff . 
  best crofty quote ever . 
  nah i thought so too . 
  oh man , remember 2011 and `` hamiltons fault '' meme ? 
  every fucking youtube video comment back then ... 
  does it matter somehow ? 
  lol chill . 
  alonso was pretty good reason tbf . 
  yep , that was pretty damn idiotic decision . 
  he 's completely right . 
  i really do n't understand what is brundle trying to say with that tweet . 
  he 's a great f1 pundit , but over last year or so i started noticing that he 's too conservative . 
  it 's probably just age . 
  i like the meme and that fernando embraced it is just awesome ... but it 's kinda sad when you consider their entire history . 
  i mean ... in this picture that is . 
  is that an old pic he just pulled out or does he actually gain the psychological advantage over kmag with this ? 
  yeah , it does n't really make sense to go for a selfie with hulk a few moments later . 
  he could choose to be closer to other teams car or his teammates car . 
  he decided to get way closer to teammate .
