  iirc he became very critical of the game very prior to the launch , i ca n't remember what was it about , but i think he even blocked / u/woodenpotatoes on twitter for something ( he mentioned it in earlier visualwood podcasts ) . 
  that 's genious . 
  we should also buy one for colin and ask him to wear it on some convention or in poi stream . 
  i 'll need to stack up some popcorn for that . 
  i might be pulling stuff out of my ass now as i do n't really bother studying driver 's junior careers , but did n't seb have pretty irregular career as he all the time moved from series to series , even mid-season and stuff ? 
  it 's just what i 've heard , so i might be terribly wrong . 
  quality gaming journalism right there . 
  it 's really better to read/watch smaller independent reviews rather than this `` push it out so we get as many views as possible '' bs . 
  i think this is a great progress . 
  arenanet and colin specifically always went around this topic with something like `` we are always looking at possible improvements . '', 
  ( not exact quote , do n't kill me ) - but in that poi stream and now here in comments he actually straight up admits that pve content is n't as good as we all would like it to be . 
  this really makes me think they are confident about stuff that is to come with heart of thorns . 
  why else would they say that most encounters are very easy , if there are no harder ones coming into the game , right ? 
  thanks for clarifying and honesty , colin . 
  this is what this community was asking for year ago . 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  my ultimate solution for f1 :, 
  make it like podracing in star wars, 
  this year maldonado has been decent . 
  i do n't think jolyon would do much better ... and even renault could use pastor 's money . 
  it still feels so unreal . 
  since 94 f1 has had some pretty brutal crashes , but in the end none of them were fatal . 
  this has been quite a big wake up call for many fans . 
  tough return to reality , but i guess f1 has learned - vsc seems to be a working solution , and since suzuka i have n't seen that much `` i wish guy xyz crashes '' crap . 
  just like luke he also turns off display so he can focus on his feelings . 
  use the force , max . 
  trust your feelings ... oooh shit , nevermind . 
  i think we need more f1 2015 game posts . 
  one post per youtube video with the game and another post with discussion about how that youtube guys driving sucks . 
  we all know that real men use keyboard . 
  mashing accelerating button ten times through corner to handle oversteer is true hardcore . 
  huh, 
  ot : i like how pre-2007-ish videos can stay on youtube whilst the newer footage is taken down within an hour . 
  maybe around 2025 we can finally watch 2015 footage on youtube , yay !, 
  what f1 season would it be without massa crashing though . 
  so far he has finished every single race this year , so i guess he 's keeping that for later part of the year ... and once that happens , kimi 's fifth position will be handy . 
  i 'm partially joking , partially ... 
  ah , good point . 
  guess it depends on how renault deal goes then . 
  this . 
  with gw2 release they ( or ncsoft for what it 's worth ) made a mistake with rushed release date , which led to rather chaotic game development post launch and unfinished stuff . 
  zhaitan fight is just one example , but overall the game development suffered and led to current state with people being kind of unhappy with amount of content across all game modes . 
  `` hey let 's do one big update once upon a time ! '', 
  ... `` oh you know what , nevermind , let 's do update every month ! '', 
  ... `` oh forget that , let 's do it on biweekly basis , that will be awesome ! '', 
  ... `` oh damn , biweekly is probably too much , let 's go back to monthly basis ! '', 
  ... `` oh hey , let 's try biweekly now again ! '', 
  ... `` we want living story to provide expansion-like content ! '', 
  ... `` heeeeeey , this is the first expansion pack for the game ! '', 
  and that 's just a releasing concept , same chaos went around what type of content they want to deliver , or how they want to handle players finishing stuff ( entire progress through ls1 was based on ticking achievements ) . 
  i 'd much rather give them more time to settle things down and nail their strategy not just for the expac , but for further development after the game is released - eventually we will finish what is contained in the expanison pack , and i 'm pretty sure i do n't want to go through this chaos again - and neither does arenanet . 
   and if that does n't work , blame the frenchman . 
  also known as red bull strategy since 2014 . 
  after all i won like 30 world championships since 2010 . 
  wow , czech republic is eight in the interest list . 
  quite interesting considering everybody i know left the game before ls2 . 
  a nice thing for us potato pc users is also that with current system we can still se other players without dropping to 5 fps , which is standard for my sw gameplay . 
   not really a surprise since it was the first real mmo . 
  not really . 
  first one to became popcultural symbol , but by far not `` first real mmo '' . 
  she has n't exactly shined in formula e , which mostly consists of retired f1 drivers . 
  update : i talk crap there ... but okay , i did deserve downvotes ... :p, 
  it 's nice to hear it from woman as not even the biggest whiteknight can now falsely use that classic sexism argument . 
  jord\u00e1 is not worthy of lower open wheel series , let alone it 's pinnacle . 
  i 'd argue with mouton using susie as a good example of possible f1 driver , but for what it 's worth , she 's still miles better than carmen ... so be it . 
  i meant de silvestro . 
  but now looking at results table of formula e i see that she only attended at final race , so apologies for that . 
  for some reason i thought she was there for entire championship ... 
  yes , i screwed up there . 
  sorry about that . 
  good point . 
  marketing has n't ever been a strong thing for arenanet in long term standpoint . 
  they are amazing at building up crazy hype in short term , but they lack at keeping it high all the time . 
  they know how to communicate with hardcore fans , but they lack at pr with less hyped population , let alone standard gaming audience . 
  some people i met who are n't very into mmo 's ( but do like gaming in general ) did n't even know that guild wars 2 is still going strong , even though it 's arguably the second most played western mmo ... so there 's that . 
  yeah , i did n't really think of that , but now that you 're saying it ... there is kinda strong czech in-game community . 
  i did n't think of that and based that on my irl experience with friends who used to play with me . 
  they never advertised that wvw will be their only game content focus . 
  as a pveer i could also blame arenanet for not calling the game worldboss wars 2 - does it sound stupid ? 
  it does , just like your crap . 
  you also presume that new borderlands are going to be karmatrained before arenanet even let people in full scale , which is yet another reason why this indeed is a shitpost . 
  stop talking shit like this . 
  people here criticise f1 champions all the time for anything and nobody pulls out this stupid `` you 're not better '' crappy false argument , but when it 's somebody who has been about second per corner ( let me repeat that for you once again - ** per corner ** ) slower than rest of the field in spa , that 's really saying something about her racing abilities . 
  i would n't do better , at least not on first try - that 's for sure . 
  difference is , that nobody has promoted me to be a `` development driver '' ( whatever the fuck it means in these days ) for f1 team and i acted like i deserved it for something else than my hot piece of ass . 
  and f1 race stars . 
  well , f1 is popular in uk and arkham knight has really bad reputation as it stands now . 
   the reason those agreements are mostly a secret is because they 're really quite bad ... 
  you were asking for evidence up there . 
  and just one post later you make claims you have no proof for . 
  do n't get me wrong , i dislike bernie and his attitude , but f1 is private bussiness no matter if socialist activists ( not meant as an insult - but if you want to interfere with somebody 's private business , you are indeed a socialist ) like it or not . 
  there is a huge difference between fia/fom/whatever and fifa . 
  corruption might be there ( where it is n't , right ... ) , but i really think you 're overestimating it 's effects on the sport as it is - smaller teams have agreed to agreements before they entered the sport just like bigger teams did . 
  they should n't have entered the sport if they contract wo n't benefit them . 
  will stevens . 
  50 shades of red . 
  i guess that 's enough internet for me tonight . 
  yeah .
