  it looks like an end of the year party we have in the company . 
  was lewis taking the photo ( empty chair between pedro and fernando ) or i 'm just blind ? 
  bruno senna , but we all know why did he get so hyped , probably not even his fault that world had so high expectations . 
  kmag ( i like him , but he 's no new lh ) , ... and most red bull juniors who did n't make it into rbr ... 
  good , good , let the hype side of the force flow through you ... [ / sidiousvoice ], 
  maybe 1 % dropchance for a yellow one . 
  oh , right ... that 's probably gen\u00e9 , yes . 
  i thought kimi was next to vettel , but after zooming in i see that 's hulki . 
  if it 's at the end of the season , then kimi should n't be there - he left because of his back issues . 
  nope . 
  i love my new device . 
  old one was ... just too old . 
  i upgraded from nexus s to lg g2 , so ... big change , and yes , i love it . 
  great , no issues , smooth running most of time . 
  but i 'm glad 5.0 brings new design to the table . 
  tried unofficial 5.0 , and i think it 's awesome , looks way better than 4 . x android . 
  top app of the year ? 
  probably today calendar , it 's just so beautiful . 
  more consistency , i really hope that devs are going to adapt to material design standards and leave old stuff behind . 
  * sad high five . 
  and some people around me still insist on `` f1 drivers are not famous , who cares about some guy driving a car in circles . '', 
  ... next time i 'll show them this , thanks !, 
  happy new year to you too . 
  final battle against scarlet on the breachmaker , fun encounter , amazing music in the background . 
  [ his twitter account ] ( https://twitter.com/lukasredl ) in case you 're interested . 
  i know him for quite a while and he 's a great guy with deep passion for f1 . 
  i think you like button . 
  ^ this, 
  at first i thought `` such idiot , why did he take drugs when he knew tests are possibly coming sometime . 
  '' , but when i read that translation ( thanks for that ) ... it 's sort of heartbreaking . 
  : - / penalty is fair though , i just do n't feel like i want to bash him more for that . 
  are you serious ? 
  banning people who play the game as it was intended ? 
  wtf dude ... just wtf . 
  edit : i have nothing against karma trains & stuff ( i join in from time to time ) but this is some top-level toxic shit . 
  well , i guess it 's about personal taste , but the way i see it at least you have most of the world explored and do n't run into `` i 'm an 80 , i want to do content , but i have no waypoints . '', 
  issue , which actually happened to some people i 've met and who were leveling purely in eotm train with their first character . 
  it 's not like we 're banning eotm leveling , it 's just that it makes game experience much worse ... you miss tons of great stuff this game has to offer ( especially if it 's your first leveling experience in gw2 ) if you do just eotm trains . 
  at least that 's my point of view . 
  i 'm gon na preorder that expansion !, 
  you have serious issues man , search for help . 
  just to clarify - i did n't downvote you and i respect your point of view . 
  play the way you want to play , i was just sharing my opinion . 
  hah , yeah , fia knows how to create ultimate cringe ... main title of their [ 2014 review ] ( http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/it-was-fair-2014-f1-dvd-329x470.jpg ) is great example . 
  that was his fault though . 
  sc could 've helped him , but he threw that away . 
  i feel like it would look better if he did n't make such mistake and just pushed forward ... possibly gained even better position . 
  still a great race for him , that 's for sure - he needed every single point that year . 
  i 've seen two people with updated nexus 5 , that 's pretty much it . 
  2008 brazil , massa 's lost wdc moment . 
  this is fairly pleasing graph for vettel fans . 
  come on !, 
  it was so confusing to have trading npcs in a starting zone , it literally took me 10 hours to realize their purpose there . 
  do n't even get me started about learning how to use them !, 
  i 'm not so certain about that `` old lovers '' line , but otherwise it 's great . 
  haha , that would 've been a bit too rough towards anet . 
  priorities : gear-up alts  salvage  collections, 
  when i level an alt i save some tokens for gearing up once it 's 80 , when not - i usually salvage stuff for ectos etc. , and i specificaly choose those skins i do n't already have so i can casually fill up my wardrobe at the same time . 
  one friend of mine is actually pretty big fan of lewis and sebastian , these two lads are her top choices , she roots for them alot no matter what . 
  but speaking of myself ... 
  it 's probably one of the biggest cliches in current f1 , but i really do respect lewis for his driving , yet not so much for everything else . 
  it might me just me , so do n't kill me , but i just do n't buy all that crap he pumps out with blessed hashtags etc. 
  heck i can even admit he 's probably better driver than vetel , but that does n't change much - i liked vettel since str times and i totally jumped on fanboy train during 2009 when he was catching jenson . 
  tl ; dr : i think both are well deserved of their top driver status , while hamilton is definitely doing better , at least right now . 
  and when it comes to likes - i root for sebastian and not so much for lewis . 
  we 're on the same boat man !, 
  i was fairly reconciled after that bad start about lewis taking wdc , so his car issues did n't crush me down so much . 
  but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25_18hsca0i ) was powerful moment . 
  haha , tell me how do i get into f1 without any racing talent . 
  step by step guide would 've been good . 
  got ta love your titles man . 
  as already / u/threxd stated above ... also villeneuve had a great car when he won wdc . 
  button 's car was the strongest just one half of the season , next half red bull did better . 
  but in the end , yes - champion would n't be a champion without a great car - that 's nature of the sport , you should know that if you consider yourself a fan . 
  i do n't really get why people get upset about this . 
  you 're the man !, 
  thanks for this milion times . 
  also - great read . 
  wish i was there to see his face . 
  horner seems like kind of a cocky f1 boss from time to time , but after reading that i can see that 's pretty much just part of his job , what a guy to sign that . 
  you 're legend . 
  thanks . 
  new way to explain why that gp deserves golden place in f1 history : absolutely messy , yet awesome chart . 
  lmp1s are indeed absolutely amazing . 
  they literally sound like jet fighters with wheels and i love it . 
  i actually like current helmet design more , both nicos and lewises - older designs did n't really feel original and i even was n't certainly a fan of that `` senna tribute '' color set . 
  now it appeals much better to me . 
  holy crap , did official broadcast really miss this ? 
  i do n't remember that and i am pretty sure i would remember such amazing spin . 
  ot : how technology improved just after so few years ... even average phone takes way better video now . 
  i smell another huge cliffhanger-ish season finale . 
  wow . 
  you want to kill us man ? 
  and again , ^ and ^ again , ^ ^ and ^ ^ again ... 
  lynn deserves it , that 's for sure , he was great in 2014 ... at least in those races i 've seen . 
  he 'll be gp2 champ too , i 'm calling it nao !, 
  plot twist : red bull buys another f1 team just so they have use for their juniors . 
  witty seb at his best . 
  woodenpotatoes was probably right then ... pact is going full rambo , bombing mordy & shit ... question is , are they going to succeed or terribly fail just like wp guessed back in december ? 
  there is none because none is good enough to get into f1 ( there are some women drivers from the past though ) .
