  hah , i was asking for such reaction . 
  it 's just that famous sexy horner poster keeps coming back all the time . 
  yeah , but certainly hamilton is the one more likely to actually try something wild and fun to get ahead , not bottas . 
  and by no means i am dissing bottas or his skills . 
  more like evaluating their tempers . 
  holy fuck i 've seen many , even fatal accident videos , but none shocked me as much as this one has . 
  wow . 
  i did n't see that coming at all . 
  fingers crossed for the guy , that 's crazy . 
  last year i approached every race with hope and was left utterly disappointed . 
  this year so far i am always a bit pesimistic and pleasantly surprised afterwards . 
  please , ferrari , seb , do n't fuck this up . 
  i 'm surprised that some people are still surprised that this is just a popularity of the day contest by nature as people are voting with emotions . 
  how come some of you did n't come to understand that concept back when max was getting dotd for no reason last year is beyond me . 
  calm down , it means nothing . 
  one does n't even have to give any rationale on mclaren . 
  at this point i 'm just giving alonso solitary best rating everytime . 
  one thing that was seriously scary was mercedes mega pushing after restart . 
  it felt as if they had double drs on everybody else , it was crazy . 
  so glad seb held it against bottas . 
  / cry, 
  dark mini from minidrivers series really loves stroll so far . 
  i 'm actually gutted for him , at least let the boy finish the damn race . 
  seriously do n't understand how sainz felt that stroll was at fault . 
  like wtf . 
  eh , civic engine at least works . 
  editorialised af . 
  barely upset , just frustrated . 
  naturally given how his race went against expectations . 
  in white laboratory suits . 
  never forget white laboratory suits . 
  haha yeah i thought so too . 
  i 'll keep my pesimistic manner all season . 
  i think they just killed batteries completely by pushing all of their hybrid power in on first two straights . 
  but damn they were fast as all hell . 
  i really like this year 's hamilton . 
  til there are 3 races in 2017 season . 
  i mean overall , as dc said on podium now , he seems to be taking losing races way more gracefuly and is more chilled about it . 
  but i can see your point , my view of hamilton is very biased and fogged . 
  now that i think of it he certainly did apologise for 2015 hungary or so . 
  edit : just to stay on clean sheet , i did n't downvote you . 
  now that 's some wild speculation stuff . 
  i do n't really believe that he 's actually doing something like that though . 
  i need some data to back this up first . 
  i know that very well . 
  despite that i truly believe he matured since his shady days . 
  but if it 's true , damn that alonso-mclaren relationship goes to shit even on second try . 
  exactly why it 's better to steer off your ex lol . 
  i would n't blame him for being frustrated and angry at all , but this ( again , big if ) right there would be very unprofessional , demoralising and when you consider that tired mechanic 's tweet from yesterday also pretty fucking mean towards the guys in garage who work their asses off just to see that he retires the car because it 's not good enough . 
  if it 's true then perhaps he does n't even deserve to have another championship . 
  honestly . 
  edit : to the person who downvoted - let me repeat this once again for you , i am talking about if situation , i do n't actually believe that he did that . 
  i do n't really see this relationship getting any better at this point . 
  his best chance is ferrari kicking out raikkonen or renault . 
  did anybody actually say that quote about having fun or is that from you op ? 
  cool idea anyways . 
  do it, 
  honestly, 
  raikkonen did pretty well in that renault as well . 
  finns are on fire yo . 
  i know right all he did was to overtake lew lew after start and then pushed bwoahttas off track when he tried to attack him . 
  literally unsennable . 
  he needs to be banned from racing . 
  kill him . 
  kill him now . 
  nah this is still fishy , he could have made a video for fans month ahead if he 's busy now . 
  regarding that first sentence about not being from europe and us ... 
  i feel like i see some `` murica '' stereotype jokes on the internet every other day and i am certainly not looking for them . 
  i do n't think it works universally . 
  some people are dicks no matter what context . 
  he 's my kind of guy as well . 
  world champion earning 30 million euros per year , world famous , yet so real and down to earth you could just go and grab a beer with him one day . 
  he 's not downright the best of the best on pure talents , but he certainly makes up for that with his dedication and hard work . 
  yeah , but damn that satisfaction once you manage to deliver a solid lap with no assists and manual shifting ... once you go no assists you ca n't go back , that challenge makes it way more enjoyable - and inevitably there will come a moment when you 're way faster than with assists . 
  i should have clarified that i am talking strictly f1 games by codemasters and not hardcore racing sims , let alone real racing cars . 
  tc definitely slows you down in codemasters games when compared to trained throttle application . 
  it 's very noticeable once you get used to racing it without tc . 
  about abs i am not that sure but i think same principle applies , as / u/gryphus -74004 already described . 
  although it 's definitely true that biggest performance hit assists-wise has automatic gearbox . 
  way bigger than tc and abs combined . 
  pretty much in every game/sim i ever tried it shifts too freaking early , or shifts when it really just should n't , such as when revs go slightly up when you drive over bumps etc. 
  ton of time lost just there . 
  if racing games rookie has problems getting used to driving without tc and abs , so be it , but at least go with manual shifting , it really is worth the performance gains in the end . 
  good , can we please finally let it go ? 
  ask in approx 10 years time . 
  to paraphrase vettel , i only have two balls and neither is a crystal ball . 
  wow , for entire stalker bundle that 's a really nice deal and i still have some leftover steam credit ... 
  i played soc alot back in the days and have very fond memories of it . 
  well , despite some mad glitches at times . 
  does it work well with modern systems ? 
  anybody with windows 10 can refer ? 
  max chilton < 3, 
  just why . 
  i 'm not really a fan of energy drinks tastes in general but i really like ripper ( yellow monster ) , not gon na lie . 
  i 'll give lh version a try . 
  not much there to it tbh , chilton was just a backmarker driver for a while who embraced memes about himself . 
  people liked to make fun ( just funny pokes , nothing ill-minded ) of him as `` legendary max chilton '' , even though there was literally nothing legendary about him . 
  he was nice and fun guy though . 
  [ definitely this one . 
  ] ( https://wtf1.com/post/max-chiltons-bahrain-jump-gets-photoshopped/ ) max himself shared that article on his social media feeds which made it even better .
