  inbefore dotd / s, 
  seb has shit to think about . 
  he could have won this if it was n't for his childish behaviour . 
  here 's a message to sebastian , fuck off , honestly . 
  if anybody gets a clear shot at predictions contest with top 5 this time around , pm me , i want to know lottery numbers for next month . 
  from zero to hero in two races . 
  taking his own spin on dotd i see ... dickhead of the day . 
  by that i meant that he can be very emotional on radio and such , that stuff he pulled yesterday was on whole new level and for the first time ever i really was genuinely pissed at him . 
  that 's very theoretical and i do n't think he would do that ... even in his tantrum he knew that it was low speed and could have just destroyed hamilton 's car at worst , not danger his life ... but yeah , that 's lifetime ban from racing in general . 
  yeah , his aggression is really well used in racing when it 's under control . 
  look at his overtakes this year , all of them very very aggressive , but well executed . 
  but then once upon a time he goes full darth vader on hamilton even though hamilton did n't really do anything . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  china ? 
  that was pure wheel to wheel racing . 
  vettel deliberately hit hamilton . 
  very different things . 
  they did n't sabotage webber 's car to begin with . 
  does n't change my point . 
  if you really think that i 'm a blind fanboy , feel free to scroll through my recent comments history . 
  i 'm a long time vettel fan , not some bandwagon douche who considers him to be next coming of racing god . 
  fair enough , they took improved front wing from webber in britain 2010 and gave it to vettel cause he destroyed his . 
  that 's about it . 
  you really think they would waste so much money to devalue their potential points gains ? 
  to make their car stop or even burn ... that hurts brand image big time , and that 's pretty much why rbr even exists in f1 . 
  they would n't sacrifice that . 
  certainly not for a driver who is n't even threatened by his teammate much with 2010 being an exception in which vettel was very erratic and had some reliability issues as well . 
  vettel all the way . 
  note : that does n't mean i forgive him that clusterfuck from baku though . 
  any idea why he actually hates hamilton so much ? 
  he 's been against him as far as i can remember . 
  this is n't as much about stewart defending vettel rather than stewart yet again siding against hamilton . 
  heh , that 's childish . 
  even holder of all records ever , the michael , said that records are there to be broken and that he does n't mind if somebody breaks his . 
  villeneuve lol . 
  shat on him on every other time , but once vettel genuinely screws up he comes up defending him . 
  certainly message for charlie . 
  i do n't follow irvine 's drunk vlogs so no idea , but i remember villeneuve actually being supportive of vettel lately . 
  although i firmly disagree with him this time around . 
  of course they do . 
  i still find it amusing though . 
  i agree that booing is dumb but imho their primary motivation is n't our entertainment . 
  there 's quite a difference between schumacher 's and vettel 's intentions behind that contact ... and vettel was n't even remotely meant to be as severe as schumacher 's . 
  if he wanted to crash the fuck out of hamilton , he could have done that . 
  even in his absolute rage he did n't . 
  you know my opinion on the matter , there should have been harsher penalty in baku . 
  but dsq from championship is the other side of extreme . 
  race ban is the hardest realistic penalty that i would n't oppose , anything beyond that is too much . 
  raw f1 with real warriors is great and all , but when it 's under racing conditions and without intentional dangerous driving . 
  when a driver rams into another driver intentionally under safety car conditions it 's rather idiotic , not heroic . 
  if warrior does something retarded it 's usually going to punish him . 
  i 'll still cheer him and support him , he 's just my kind of guy , dedicated hard worker , passionate , keeping it real , ... but that does n't mean that i have to wear fanboy blindfold and act like he ca n't do wrong . 
  that 's what makes me a real fan . 
  being blindly supportive of somebody is n't being a real fan . 
  that 's just blind fanatism . 
  maybe in 20 years time he will open up . 
  but probably not as long as he is actively racing in any fia directed sport . 
  i think of it that it was how ahsoka saw vader at the moment . 
  for her it was still anakin deep down . 
  and now i 'm sad . 
  my god 2014 cars are ugly as fuck . 
  especially when coming back to old footage when i am already completely used to current spec . 
  only red bull and mercedes looked decent back then . 
  ever tried to jump on a hosepipe that has high water flow ? 
  probably something like that . 
  this is absolutely amazing . 
  wow . 
  for some reason i thought that was alonso until i noticed the helmet . 
  now all we need is to find out whether op is actually sebastian vettel . 
  i think grid penalty at worst/best depending on you point of view . 
  darth vader wore black gloves as well so there 's that i guess . 
  honestly, 
  well it 's not the end of vettel 's reign yet . 
  thanks god this #bakuclash did n't happen right before summer break . 
  mods could probably make a megathread in advance , no matter how it ends , there 's gon na be ton of duplicate stuff coming from media world . 
  and lose even more points ? 
  sure . 
  that probably would n't happen . 
  but if there was guarantee that kubica would be the one to replace him ... oh fuck off , now i am very conflicted , why you do this to me . 
  british gp is going to be so much fun . 
  i hope he wins there . 
  and lewis wins in italy . 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  seriously lol ... right after the test it was `` nah just one off '' ... that escalated quickly since . 
  it 's high . 
  it 's very high . 
  yes . 
  as i already stated in previous thread . 
  just so that i can watch the world burn i want to see seb win in britain and lewis in monza . 
  it happened before but now they are directly fighting for championship , which certainly spices things up . 
   how big is this news ? 
  one parallel springs to my mind , i 'm a lifelong star wars fan and since episode 3 realease i lived with the idea of never ever seeing new star wars movie again ... and then disney deal happened . 
  that 's how big it is . 
  i was so expecting him to smack max once camera aimed at him . 
  slightly ot , i know . 
  but i wish champion constructor had a right to pick a safety car ( as long as it meets certain criteria of course ) . 
  but since you asked ... ferrari f50 . 
  nah , fans usually take about 1 + year more to get over stuff than drivers themselves . 
  i vote lauda . 
  you work for sun or something ?
