  some dude on youtube asking for attention due to popular f1 game topic . 
  seems very populistic to me , especially considering he 's obviously doing let 's plays of the game , which indirectly supports the game as it is . 
  arenanet does n't even run the game in china . 
  chill . 
  most people at initial hot announcement were pretty ecstatic , including me . 
  but can you really imagine reaction if they ever announce cantha for gw2 ? 
  some people would probably die of joy overload . 
  pvp lobby feels pretty populated all the time and i never had any issues finding a game , no matter what time it was . 
  i focus on pve , but what you 're saying is wrong . 
  you ca n't base the argument on some random poll which was announced just on this sub . 
  arenanet has it 's own metrics to determine which gamemodes are most played . 
  do you have any evidence for your claim that balance patches were held off due to wts ? 
  lol . 
  so much for those who say that nobody cares about gw2 . 
  jules did n't die because he was hit in the head though . 
  he died because his brain could n't survive that massive g-force caused by initial hit with tractor . 
  uhm , no please ? 
  i 'd watch wec if i wanted to watch wec . 
  obviously i want to watch f1 , so do n't want it to be like wec . 
  i sort of understand the idea behind this , but i still disagree with it . 
  schumi 's defense in this battle was fantastic to watch . 
  michael also received some warnings for excessively defending moves , so i guess he did n't feel like poking stewards too much . 
  to each their own . 
  i like 90s cars most . 
  i never really had a thing for those super old-school cars . 
  * summer break shitposting intensifies . 
  i love when basement dwelling internet mongoloids make up stuff just because somebody does n't have the same taste as them . 
  she wo n't date you anyways . 
  dafuq did i just read . 
  / r/f1summerbreaksexfantasies, 
  must be love . 
  so ... 2 chronomancers 2 eles 1 warrior meta incoming ? 
  pft , easy . 
  hold my beer ... 
  i never open the app itself to be honest . 
  i just like it 's tile with daily forecast . 
  that would probably push teams into hiring actually good and useful test drivers and not just pr-friendly faces . 
  i for one think that elona and crystal desert will be one of the later expanisons . 
  we 're currently going into jungly-deserty area , so i guess they would like some different vibe for next expac . 
  and with that in mind , shiverpeaks or further ascalon seems more likely to me . 
  but you 're right , nobody really knows now . 
  i did n't play gw1 much so i do n't really care for cantha either , but you get the idea when everybody around you is so hyped about anything with even slightest canthan feel . 
  as long as we get tons of new zones to explore , it 's all good in my books . 
  lol , what . 
  how did game run at 60 fps with gpu in pci x4 slot . 
  no matter the os . 
  morse code with digital decoder . 
  that 's exactly why . 
  they spend shitloads of money , yet they ca n't really catch up with competition due to power unit . 
  and people say that salad has no proteins ... 
  it 's always easier to break into program rather than protecting program from breaking in . 
  how would that work with regulation changes though . 
  imagine if rookies got to drive v8 red bull last year . 
  might be an extreme example , but you get the idea . 
  any source for this ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , i 'm just interested where i can find out what 's advertising on f1 car actually worth . 
  you get laid only when mclaren wins ? 
  yes , he did . 
  i 'll be honest and admit that i was one of those naysayers . 
  good for him that he proved me and many others wrong . 
  i would most certainly be interested how current spec f1 cars could do it flat out , but i 'm a bit sceptical whether it would actually be an interesting race to watch . 
   ... or flavio will show up and pre-arrange it . 
  orchestrating a dnf for 10 + cars is quite something though , even for flavio . 
  not interested tbh . 
  f1 does n't belong to ovals . 
  if you want to watch open-wheel action on ovals , you have indycar . 
  i 'm also very sceptical whether power units could handle it . 
  lol , what the hell . 
  oh i knew it was a joke !, 
  i was n't entirely serious either . 
  did n't downvote you mate . 
  hang in there mate !, 
  first minute i was all like `` damn it man , just drop your feet on that damn pedal . '', 
  and then he did . 
  wow . 
  how does one get to own an f1 car ? 
  unless you 're rich as fk of course ( is he ? 
  webbah would be like `` shit , not you again . '', 
  i guess my question shows how much i know about nascar then . 
  i 'll set horner 's `` the photo '' as wallpaper if he ever gets fanboost . 
  i do n't know ... how about using headset ... 
  hamilton chose bernie as team manager too . 
  as much as people do n't like to hear it , bernie is actually a good manager . 
  or ... hamilton wants to take over f1 too . 
  guess it 's about time for somebody to repost mika 's overtake . 
  i was thinking about this just yesterday . 
  with the amount of stuff that you can buy there it 's really ridiculous how mess it 's gui is . 
  it 's not something i necessarily need , but i can imagine that some newbie will not spend money on gems just because he does n't find what he wants ( e.g. 
  some skin very deep down the scroll menu ) . 
  same experience . 
  this current trading post ui is way better than the launch one and it even felt way snappier and faster when it came into the game ... but it has become nearly as slow as the original as of late . 
  based on some surveys most people on this sub have been playing since launch . 
  so far the game did good . 
  this reddit account is just two hours old . 
  i have this feeling we are just feeding a massive troll . 
  if not though , sorry for you bad experience in dungeons , but you should n't really blame the entire community because you obviously joined party which asked for experienced players with knowledge of tactics . 
  feel free not to join these parties and make your own party for casual players , i see these on daily basis in lfg , so you should find people who fit your playstyle . 
  by the way - unless you plan to return to some mmo with super facerolly auto-attack only dungeons , you are going to have a hard time with this attitude ( `` i died , fuck you all '' ) no matter the game . 
   is it that hard to wait an extra 5 seconds ? 
  it is that hard to wait an extra 5 seconds every single day for nearly three years .
