   3.0 l v10 turbo hybrid, 
  that 's some next level crazy shit mate . 
  i like that . 
  honestly though , i do n't really care that much as long as it 's fast . 
  this . 
  i came here from my local f1 discussion forum and it was horrible . 
  literally just calling each other out , deathwishes to drivers and other crap . 
  i 've never been a happier f1 fan ever since i joined this sub . 
  finally online place where i can relatively nicely share my passion for the sport with so many people . 
  this sub is n't perfect , but it 's great . 
  2010 being such a legendary season helps it too . 
  they are kinda boring . 
  had it not been for hamilton and lauda they would feel even more corporate than how they feel now . 
  red bull was exciting team even before they started winning , they called them a party team for reason . 
  they did alot of cool shit ( star wars promotion being my favorite ) and before the championships they seemed like they are in mostly because they have money and they want to spend it on fun . 
  i like that . 
  ferrari is pure passion based team , monza podiums where ferrari drivers won are beyond amazing . 
  football ( soccer ) fans look like amateurs when it comes to tifosi passion . 
  mclaren might seem like colder more calculative team , but their super deep tradition within f1 is what makes them appeal to many too . 
  every single f1 fan recognizes mp4/4 . 
  kinda same thing applies to williams , despite not winning anything in recent years , you just ca n't deny their value . 
  fair enough . 
  that sounds reasonable . 
   after all , they constantly go on about diversity - but apparently that does n't apply to accepting conservatives or republicans ? 
  imho there is a difference between stating your company 's opinion on the matter and accepting your potential customer 's different opinions . 
  in other words - by stating their opinion they are n't forcing anybody to agree with that opinion . 
  and by the way , i would be surprised if they were pro-trump , considering how unpicky he was towards them earlier on . 
  am i missing something or does this really set a precedent for upcoming qualifyings ? 
  from now on every team will wreck their tyres by lockups in q2 outlap so that they can get a fresh set for race start . 
  you know , i am partially joking ... but just partially . 
  wow that would be a nice comeback and story for his career . 
  f1 driver to wec , fe and back to f1 . 
  considering that reanult has some long-term plans for going for top positions once again ... this could be awesome on many levels . 
  holy shit , can not unsee now . 
  nobody cares about these shitposts either . 
   presently , the only radio messages that get broadcasted involve an driver asking for information , and the engineer replying that he can not tell him . 
  or vettel/raikkonen complaining about blue flags . 
  yeah . 
  buxton explained it well in his tweets too . 
  this is n't about twitter , this is about benson . 
   maybe he wants to show how happy his face is ? 
  that would makes sense if he saw any of these `` nico losing face '' posts . 
  i really just want rosberg to win this championship so that we can hear tony 's reaction . 
  crofty would be doing nothing but apologizing for language . 
  to me that 's just one of many other reasons why i do n't like her character . 
  but oh well . 
  i do n't think vettel has too much in common with hamilton either . 
  actually i think he has more common with rosberg - at least when it comes to the way they spend their free time and private life . 
  it 's just that hamilton seems more relaxed for banter - and vettel sure loves banter . 
  he 's somewhat german . 
  thanks alain , would n't have figured it out otherwise . 
  this has to be the weirdest way to express admiration for somebody . 
  needs more american flags , megan fox and product placement . 
  [ look here buddy . 
  ] ( http://www.mono-project.com/docs/about-mono/compatibility/ ), 
  basically most stuff works unless you are developing windows targeted apps ( using wpf , at least ) . 
  you sure you played original game modes ? 
  on community made deathmatch or fy servers the system was different , but otherwise original cs worked like this since 90s . 
  played it like 2 months ago , servers were still up . 
  obviously not as many as back in the old days , but i had no issue finding a game . 
  either way you could ask for a refund - but it should n't be necessary . 
  yeah . 
  i know many people who actually prefer them over originals . 
  contrary to popular reddit beliefs . 
  and they could n't care less about edgy so-called movie experts . 
  and it 's the movie that started it all , so ... 
  okay then , let 's just say that he is the one who made the original idea and found people with which he was able to execute it in a way that changed the world . 
  i really do n't like this anti-lucas narrative . 
  steve jobs did n't design mac or ipod internals either , he was `` just '' the mastermind behind it all . 
  it is customizable on os x. 
  you could for example access mission control with it , engage screensaver , switch to desktop , etc. 
  it really only is useful in os x when you do n't have magic mouse or their trackpad though . 
  with standard mouse it could be useful , i guess , but whenever i used os x i just did n't use it at all . 
  remember how windows 8 used to show charms bar when you pointed mouse into right corner , or that weird multitasking bar when you pointed it into left corner ? 
  something like that , just better ( yet still kinda useless imo ) . 
  to each their own . 
  you do realize `` latest doom '' does n't mean doom 3 anymore , right ? 
  wow , nobody from your friends actually wants these games ? 
  i mean ... these are some good games . 
  i would love * oceanhorn : monster of the uncharted seas * . 
  reason ? 
  well , it looks like a really sweet `` turn off after a long day and enjoy yourself '' games ... and my laptop is a potato , and oceanhorn looks like it 's potato compatible . 
  it might be because it 's early in the morning and i 'm just in the middle of my coffee ... but this took me good minute to get . 
  damn . 
  i would like to see that . 
  mercedes pls . 
  the `` we need clicks for advertising '' kind of journalism . 
  it 's one of those darker sides to modern journalism on the web . 
  the top cpu to me is the one in macbook pro 's tbh . 
  but i can see your point - it 's a nice trend , ( intel based ) computers got very efficient over last few years . 
  you do realize that benchmark results are n't telling the whole story , right ? 
  those intels in macbooks are designed to do universal heavy lifting , ipad , despite being appended with `` pro '' now , is still very limited . 
  it is faster than 2009 top of the line laptops , yes . 
  but it 's slow compared to it 's 2016 competition . 
  but for sure - the macbook was designed for it and therefore it 's good . 
  but if somebody calls it underpowered compared to other 2016 ( 2015 ) macbooks , it 's not like the person is hating on it or something . 
  they are just stating a fact . 
  if that does n't bother you and your macbook serves your usage scenarios just okay , good for you . 
  but there is no way around it - the macbook is n't powerful by 2016 standards . 
  not sure why is this downvoted .
