  did n't figure out why is that . 
  chrome fine too . 
  weird . 
   hakkinen is ~ ~ a ~ ~ the legend . 
  [  ] ( http://www.f1scarlet.com/img/soldier_27.jpg ), 
  that 's two of us then . 
  damn i would n't probably recognize flavio had i met him with that facial hair . 
  many people do n't like his bwoah attitude and he acted like a jerk at times - that incident when he pushed cameraman did n't exactly help his reputation . 
  i really think that no champion goes close to button 's likeability though i ca n't really comment on older champions . 
  how was hunt publicly received for example ? 
  i imagine some people must have hated his party boy douchebag attitude at times , right ? 
  i was willing to give ferraris leadership a benefit of doubt . 
  but yeah ... fuck them . 
  i think they have `` la '' but i might be mistaken as well . 
  damn nico managed to turn boos into cheers . 
  as a mercedes driver . 
  respect . 
  damn i am so gutted they could n't even remotely outmatch mercedes , even with hamilton 's start ... 
  i jumped when i saw how seb blazed past him and then actually tried to take it on nico after curva grande . 
  so gutted . 
  i am glad seb made it onto podium but damn you could see he himself felt like it should have been more at this point . 
  and so do i , well driven champ , we 'll get there . 
  [ / sentiment ], 
  anyways , pretty standard monza race , not the most exciting thing but still it 's pretty damn worth it if you ask me , this track is classic . 
  i am actually surprised with red bull 's pace , i expected them to be way worse in race pace ... so well done . 
  i really struggle who to vote for as dotd though . 
  even more so than i did in spa ( ricciardo imo ) . 
  i really just did n't see any exceptional drives today . 
  rosberg controlled it well after start , but he better should with that rocket ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'll call it a day and in honest bias i 'll give it to vettel . 
  the heck ? 
  why so grumpy ? 
  iirc it was fairly steamy between them even in gp2 . 
  there was some pushing off the track and stuff that they argued about that year . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not how dotd works . 
  he 's cringy but in a way that does n't make me uncomfortable watching if that makes sense . 
  worst team ? 
  how come ? 
  if you think they screwed up the strategy ... 
  i believe they did n't have any chance against mercedes anyways so they decided to cover cars behind them . 
  inb4 merc double anyways ( last year was odd dafuq ) . 
  they could wreck ferrari boys though . 
  rosberg asking him in 2014 to up his enthusiasm was a great idea . 
  / r/f1circlejerk is the place you are looking for, 
  that 's a constant essentially . 
  my friend, 
  hah he even replied to him . 
  [ long story short ... ] ( http://www.motorsport.com/f1/news/frijns-denies-turning-down-red-bull-chance/ ) he was supposed to deny red bull junior driver programme offer because `` they treat young drivers like dogs '' ( that is his supposed quote ) . 
  he became famous as that guy who turned down red bull ... despite never actually being offered anything from them . 
  it could have arguably damaged his reputation which might have affected his chance at any f1 seat . 
  it 's really sad if you ask me , his results were extraordinary . 
  i just hope he did n't get into any trouble and it all just went as `` yeah that journalist was an ass , how about you make explainatory tweet and we 'll call it a day . '', 
  both act pretty much the same on me , neither has audio in safari for some reason , but we already discussed that and at least i know that i am not the only one . 
  i guess go with whichever is more comfortable for you !, 
  same issue on both ios 9.3.4 and os x 10.11.6 ... on windows it 's fine in every browser for me . 
  android 6 ( custom built cyanogenmod ) seems okay too with chrome . 
  ca n't test more devices . 
  oddly enough it works well in pretty much any other browser so i can deal with that . 
  just a slight inconvenience as i prefer to use safari due to it 's power efficiency . 
  vettel , ricciardo or verstappen would disagree . 
  i think except kvyat they really just treat them well . 
  they back them through junior career essentially removing their money concerns , they can offer them actual f1 seat in which they can prove themselves . 
  they give them a chance , they can either get into rbr or try to find other team . 
  they still have very limited amount of seats , it 's not like they are saying `` fuck you and btw give us our money back '' once they decide to release drivers from str . 
  did buemi or vergne deserve a seat ? 
  probably , yeah . 
  but that 's how it just goes sometimes . 
  i ca n't think of any other noteworthy str juniors that got somewhat screwed . 
  and the whole kvyat situation was forced , as harsh as it might sound he gave them solid reasoning ( call it excuse if you want ) to back that demotion and to get verstappen who really was just forcing their hand at that point . 
  they did n't want to risk their new golden boy going to other team . 
  now they have him contracted for years to come and kvyat ? 
  well ... he can stilly try persuade other teams . 
  i feel for the guy as they were really rough on him , but let 's be real for a second . 
  this switch would have happened anyways , verstappen is better . 
  red bull is very hard on them , but mostly very fair as they offer them a chance , not guaranteed free championship run . 
  and chance is exactly what each one of them got . 
  as i already said , they only have so many seats and tons of solid youngsters ... they can afford picking up only the best ones . 
  ] ( http://66.media.tumblr.com/6230efcec6be9e9727cac7ae979449a0/tumblr_mniyfxiwvz1rfi9ezo1_250.gif ), 
  there are more elements to an f1 team than just drivers . 
  no angry vettel radio during monza gp ? 
  1/10 monza you tried . 
  he did a podium interview on monza last year . 
  i love lucas , lifelong star wars fan here , ... but holy shit that was cringy . 
  apparently he was kinda stunned by monza crowd and did n't know what to say . 
  he stood there for like half minute just staring into nowhere , and then he said `` merry christmas ! '' ... 
  and he also asked lewis about his blonde hair . 
  i could n't find it sadly . 
  the chilton was driving again ? 
  i 'm ... actually surprised given how generally unpopular nico is amongst most f1 fans and this is very much a popularity contest as well . 
  good for him , his drive was solid . 
  i root more for an individual driver and the team i root for is pretty much decided by that driver i root for . 
  that being said though , i guess you could say i was a ferrari fan for the most of my life besides that alonso period ( do n't hate me pls ) . 
  besides that i generally have more love for underdog teams and i am always happy when likes of williams , force india , renault , sauber or manor get some solid results . 
  i am also pretty indifferent about toro rosso as a team as i really just struggle to feel anthing for a team which by default is n't even trying to be the best . 
  cynic in me thinks that it 's more about gasly not having superlicence yet . 
  not exactly an issue with clutch setting rather than clutch itself . 
  hamilton insists that he did n't do anything wrong and explained further that they have this weird thing with variable clutch behavior . 
  it happned to nico and lewis quite a few times this season so there 's a solid reason to believe him . 
  i find it slightly amusing that such a great car with so many complicated systems has issues with something you 'd pretty much expect to be in perfect state on any race car .
