  thanks . 
  the thing with robert is that due to his injuries and this entire ( likely ! ), 
  comeback story he has shitloads of fans not just from poland . 
  also the fact that he 's easily the best slavic driver earns him all the fans in czechia , slovakia and possibly even russia ( do n't know any russians personally , so ... ) . 
  i was huge kubica fanboy pretty much simultaniously with fanboying for vettel . 
  if these two ever fight for wdc , i do n't care who wins , i 'll just sit back and enjoy myself . 
  this is like tifosi hypetrain , just instead of being focused on one team it focuses on single driver . 
  i imagine it could get nasty once people sober up and start arguing about him just as we do about any other driver . 
  but right now i am enjoying it with all my heart . 
  i was n't a fan of what he did on track but imo it 's good he was n't punished for this . 
  they are competitive adults ffs , not kids in kindergarten . 
  there 's a major difference between first corner madness and pushing somebody off the track intentionally when there are no cars around at all . 
  being a douche with 69 in username does n't make you competent to judge other people 's taste . 
  no offense op but that 's like applauding kvyat for not crashing into somebody during last race . 
  i 'll applaud them when they have truly good results . 
  shit just went from super funny to super dark . 
  he also touched his car in baku . 
  hue , hue ... 
  i 'd actually like to see that ... but most people woudl n't . 
  i do n't even use headphone jack to be honest , switched to bluetooth a while ago and never looked back . 
  but it 's a nice convenience to have it there just in case . 
  there are times when it comes handy . 
  that 3rd picture ... 
  i actually considered sf15-t a beautiful car , but now i find it really funny looking . 
  do n't most teams have just their logo or name on the cap tho ? 
  that 's kinda ... 
  i do n't know . 
  to me it seems like it 's not a very effective use of potential sponsorship space . 
  i get that , but driver already has teams logo on their clothes and most people have them associated with the team anyways . 
  with cap being so visible i think it could be a pretty pricy advertising spot . 
  at least for top teams . 
  but what do i know , i 'm not a marketing expert . 
  / r/showerthoughts, 
  i know it 's irrational but i 'd be very pissed off if seb goes to mercedes . 
  please , no . 
  it 's just wrong . 
  it 's \\ #teamlh or nothing yo . 
  and together they shall rule the galaxy !, 
  and out of all tracks spa is well known for some chunky first corner stuff . 
  two most random posts in a while . 
  and not even removed within an hour . 
  such is a fate of summer break . 
  this made me laugh so bad i am actually ashamed of it . 
  please draw kubica . 
  i was about to report this and smack that downvote . 
  then i opened it . 
  i just could n't do it . 
  guilty of upvote too . 
  also no finger . 
  after this reaction on op 's side i 'm not even sure if he 's doing these just for trolling or in all seriousnes . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  longer hair kimi is the best kimi . 
  it really suited him . 
  damn , just by looks i 'd say kimi is at least 3-5kg more than vettel . 
  guess not . 
  i really like when ferrari adds more white into the mix . 
  great stuff . 
  so far my favorite season since 2012 . 
  that energy drink party team actually dominated the sport 4 years in a row ? 
  is it just me or is every offseason/midseason break progressively getting worse ? 
  this is barely prefessional . 
  real pro shit stirrer knows when to pull it out to make it sound completely unforced . 
  go ask lauda or horner . 
  unlike this fella , they know how to properly stir some nice shit . 
  nah i 'm good , thanks for the offer tho . 
  2018 ferrari to be called cindye . 
  heard it there first boys . 
  i know . 
  but they won 4 years straight , that 's why i call it a 4 year long domination . 
  historically incorrect , but it has better dramatical ring to it . 
  tilke designed some awesome , good and bad tracks . 
  the bad tracks stuck out like a sore thumb and hivemind hating mentality kicked in . 
  but credit where it 's due , because this man also gave us absolutely amazing istanbul circuit or cota and i generally tend to agree that most of his tracks are okay if not straight up good . 
  it 's just that worst stick out too much . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdop4oa6ej8 ), 
  i 'm no tesla fanboy , as a matter of fact i do n't really like all that blind fanboy hype for them ... and netierh i am `` all in electricity right now '' kind of guy , but to me :, 
   when we think of an electric car , we think of the toyota prius . 
  the prius has become to hybrid technology and the concept of electric motoring what the hoover brand became to vacuum cleaners . 
  yeah ... they pioneered , but i do n't really think of prius when it comes to electric cars nowadays . 
  nobody really does , prius jokes are so 2005 , seriously ... 
  i think of tesla , bmw or nissan . 
  i ca n't really say much about further points regarding hydrogen as that 's really not something i know much about , but that part mentioning prius seems like sensational ignoring of certain facts just to make a point stand out more ... which does n't really give me much confidence when it comes to rest of that article . 
  edit : it 's like saying that ibm used to make pcs for home usage , but they do n't nowadays and shifted their focus elsewhere , hence pcs clearly suck and are n't the future . 
  he just kinda decided to look at japanese carmakers for some random reason , which is n't even explained . 
  i think current spec cars are just fine with aero dependency to be honest . 
  drs lost it 's overpowered nature , racing is tough , but still possible on most tracks . 
  and on tracks where racing sucked even before it will suck afterwards anyways . 
  but i also love seeing cars go as fast as possible through the corners , it gives me a sensation no other motorsport can . 
  so let 's add some ground effect into the mix and make cars push driver to their absolute physical limits !, 
  that gives me proper racing boner . 
  guys who want cars look simple and go slower just to make racing more exciting ... eh ... go watch indycar or gp2 then . 
  i 'm not sarcastic . 
  this is n't what f1 should be . 
  how did i miss that sub !, 
  looks like less crazy version of / r/f1circlejerk , also pretty active . 
  subbed . 
  one can only hope . 
  but i would n't keep my expectations high . 
  i think it 's fair to say we 'll probably hear strongest booing of last 3 seasons .
