  right now i am sort of out of time to play the game , but i would like to keep in touch with guildies while i am off ( during travelling & so on . . ) , 
  i throw it away , i just do n't want to buy more banks slots just because of some minor possibility of event returning into the game . 
  cool , i need character expansion , let 's hope its discount is bigger than just 10 % . 
  well gw2 ruined wow-style gameplay for me , but that ca n't be considered as ruining the whole genre , so i think it really depends . 
  for example i can admit that wow has better ( way better ) end-game content , but when it comes to qol stuff , gw2 wins all the way in almost every aspect and even though i am not excited about zerker meta , i still find gw2 combat more engaging , because it feels more fluid . 
  i could n't go back to old-school mmo gaming , but most games that are currently in development are n't going to be that old-school , which is good ( i can possibly move to another game , at least in future ) . 
  i still play wow though , once upon a time i turn it on and do some dungeoning ( i love design of dungeons in wow , blizzard is awesome at this ) , or remind myself of how much i loved this game in the past ( redoing stranglethorn vale quests never bores me , ca n't really say why ) ... but just on private servers , it 's not worth paying to me anymore . 
  so in the end , yeah , gw2 ruined old-school mmos , but these are slowly fading and letting next-generation mmos to take their places . 
  oh god ... now i want that quaggan mount again . 
  lol @ these accounts . 
  making huge time-limited content in a open world = zergy content . 
  but i upvoted your post anywas , because i like some points - arenanet tries hard to decrease size of these zergs across the map and according to my experience , their new ways actually work . 
  at least if you are in a main with good people , overflows usually are playing trashy no matter what . 
  but yeah , arenanet is making zergy stuff on purpose , if they were n't , battle for la , marionette , tower of nightmares , ... would be dungeons . 
  and i 've got ta say , that i would really love to see these as dungeons for ... let 's say 20 people tops . 
  i did n't understand the question about changing buying habits , so i left that one blank , but the rest is filled . 
  i love filling in surveys . 
  do you know about any other gw2 podcasts ? 
  serious question , i do n't want to flame ( i enjoy their `` jibber-jabber '' about other stuff ) . 
  more gw-related podcasts to listen to while playing would be great . 
  wow ... i have both guardian and warrior at 80 with gear and stuff ( human & sylvari ) , but heavy-armor asuras are epic , i might make one . 
  this is what i love about fantasy & scifi stuff ... even though something does n't make sense at first impression , there is always a great excuse for it . 
  look at all these comments . 
  i love it . 
  i 'd like to see at least one new class with new race , but yeah , i would remake it probably . 
  full gearing is n't that big deal compared to other games , so no problem with that . 
  and as long as i could level in new zones , i would love to play it from beginning . 
  new zones are top priority to me . 
  optionally i would like to see orr being reworked , or somehow changed - pact was cleansing the risen from there for year and half and it 's still not clean ? 
  arenanet has technology to avoid personal story collisions ( look at la stuff ) , so why not ... and orr staying static does n't fit into living-world philosophy . 
  ps : tengu . 
  i enjoyed molten facility alot , so my vote goes to that . 
  then the tower of nightmares & battle for la , because i just like the holo-fight and music playing in it . 
  bazaar was epic when it comes to visuals , but it 's gameplay did n't fit my liking . 
  super adventure box is a special category imo , but it was amazing too . 
  it 's because expansion content is quality & quantity wise on much higher level , at least that is what most people ( including me ) expect . 
  graphics would be hell because of cpu ? 
  i know that gw2 is cpu-bound , but cpu definitely does n't do the rendering . 
  upvoted for your comment lol . 
  yes . 
  crying about new tank meta . 
  but seriously ... arenanet takes some time to provide stuff people want ( wardrobe for example ) , but in the end , they actually provide it . 
  my guess is that we will have playable tengu , capes , more new zones ( expansion ? 
  ) , some new skills and maybe some kind of instanced raid content ... it all depends on the community and its pressure on arenanet . 
  game was profiting last year , so there is no reason to think that gw2 would be dead in two years . 
  i think we might be finishing third/fourth elder dragon during that time , that is my lore guess . 
  bad troll is bad troll . 
  great news !, 
  i love that soulbound stuff is slowly being kicked out of the game . 
  lionguard shield & jotun gs . 
  i also find it interesting that sab skins are n't that common , especially if i consider that alot of people loved that content . 
  of course there are always going to be farmers , but champ trains being mad at some guys because they just wanted to kill champ in a party ... that is not right . 
  i like this new pvp build ui , current npc system felt like these lame `` fun '' private servers for world of warcraft . 
  good luck , have fun !, 
  if you do n't like running around a bit , it might be useful for you ... it can save you few minutes a month , not a big deal imo . 
  done , but i feel like sometimes you ask the same questions multiple times . 
  later during the last night we did pretty well in eb , but overall ... your guess seems to be very realistic . 
  i would not buy it , rng is still rng and master 's does great too ( unless you want expensive sigils/runes ) . 
  once or twice a month i get stack from daily reward , so i use that one ... but i would never think about spending money on that . 
  hm , so it 's actually technicaly possible to move instances between hosts , but it 's just not completely implemented . 
  interesting . 
  i am kinda afraid that it 's going to be long pr post about gw2 gameplay in open world . 
  divided into 3 chapters ofc . 
  i hope i am wrong and we are still going to get more qol stuff , or completely new features . 
  good times . 
  la was more barracks of cof runners than a city . 
  same here . 
  it would make sense since they are going to introduce new trait-gaining system . 
  i want to create an alt to try that system out ... , 
  what ? 
  dude , do n't , just ... do n't do that . 
  my heart ... but still , good effort , upvoted for fun . 
  that is exactly why i like idea of permanent changes in the world . 
  i love it , i hope that they make big bosses ( especially tequila & wurm ) instanced !, 
  warrior indeed is easymode gw2 . 
  i rolled it as my main back in the launch days and when i started working on my alts , i actually felt that the game is much more challenging . 
  anyways ... maybe it 's not about nerfing warriors , but buffing other professions ( and mobs ) instead . 
  how about that ? 
  runs great on w8 .1 , no crashes , no client-side lags . 
  you might even get slightly better frames ... 
  i could n't get any combat mod working tho , but it is n't a big deal , i just wanted to test it . 
  this is exactly what i expected to see in comments . 
  she was in a story instance ( where efficiency is n't important ) and she posted few screenshots to amuse people . 
  so you took a chance and tried to show people how pr0 & skillz0r killz0r you are , because hating rangers with bears is so pr0 & skillful . 
  i suppose you are proud of yourself . 
  every online game has this sort of people . 
  do n't bother with them much , they are not worth your time . 
  nice post , do n't take these comments personally , truth is , that there were lots of thx posts during last few weeks ... it 's good sign ( people still like the game ) , but after some time , it became a bit annyoing . 
  eotm , ls ( if level allows ) , a a bit of crafting ... that would be it . 
  i save my another alt to time where at least mid-level zones are working the megaserver system - and i 'll do good old questing-leveling . 
  it is n't fun when most mid-level zones are empty , but with that system , it could become enjoyable again . 
   looking forward to it . 
  definitely , i paid full price for pre-purchase back in 2012 and i do n't regret it . 
  and trust me , i am very careful about money and i regret alot wasting my money on games which are n't worth a while ( i curse modern warfare 2 and it 's stupid iwnet ) . 
  i bought gems few times , but mostly it was just for more bag slots & some cosmetic stuff , this game is n't pay to win and you do n't really have to spend any money after buying game itself . 
  i like it . 
  arenanet should consider this kind of reward . 
  but i still have to say , that it would be good to have some hardcore areas with serious difficulty and rewards . 
  problem with most de content is that it is n't hard , so it does get boring faster than harder content . 
  i always sell them away ( and buy actual dye with earned money ) , but icon is great !,
