  and he 's well known for being good at it . 
  i really do n't want to sound like a dick but do n't go on reddit at work or at all if you do n't want to be spoiled . 
  i can understand why you want this change , but reality is that people like you are minority . 
  ^ edgy guys like this one started prequels hating spree . 
  do n't be like this guy . 
  people should realise that his radio is meant for his team , and it 's venting of immediate emotions . 
  i get mad fast just as him , but i can also calm down very soon afterwards and talk about it in chilled manner . 
  guess that 's partially one of the reasons why i always liked him . 
  slight ot ... my dad consistently rants whenever vettel screams into his radio . 
  he never liked the guy , never liked germans in general . 
  not sure why is that . 
  he never exactly explained it to me , even when we were both kinda drunk lol . 
  we do n't even argue anymore , he just kind of sighs whenever he hears his `` on edge '' radio and i get smirky smile because i know where that discussion would go . 
  following the legacy of the michael . 
  it was him who said that records are here to be broken and he does n't mind if somebody breaks his records . 
  seb seems to be following this philosophy . 
  fom lawyers already prepairing their case . 
  great shot though . 
  i lol 'd way more than i should have . 
  hate for vettel did n't immediately disappear during 2014 either . 
  it takes some time . 
  or red racing suit . 
  this . 
  referees are bad in this game . 
   because according to ferrari , they will be better than mercedes next ~ ~ week ~ ~ season . 
  ftfy mate, 
  within temptation + niki minaj ? 
  probably not against rules . 
  but damn that some weird combo . 
  no offense op . 
  before some budget raise our local tv used to have mostly one commentator all the time . 
  there 's always a chance they just wo n't get crofty a second commentator for this one . 
  i am not familiar with this event , but judging by that airborne lotus ( ? ), 
  and some retired cars it seems like they race these flat out . 
  did they ? 
  because if so , wow . 
  that takes some balls to drive cars this old around monaco in full speed . 
  especially with all the risks of smashing them completely . 
  good old bbc with obligatory sitting on tyres during entire interview . 
  in the 80s drivers did n't close door through which other driver could overtake you ? 
  til, 
  wardez wrote quite exhausting and complex writeup of most important stuff , so just to add to that - go to torrents and download all the races from this season . 
  seriously , this is some of the finest racing we 've had in a long time ( except russian gp ) . 
  also 2008 , 2009 are good seasons . 
  2010 is the best season i 've ever seen - there were like 4 title contenders in final race , mega year . 
  2011 was kinda boring in terms of who 's gon na win , but racing behind vettel was still pretty good . 
  2012 had great racing as well , with different race winners through first 7 races and megatight title battle up until the final race . 
  and that final race ... oh boy , what a story that is . 
  2013 , 2014 and 2015 were kinda meh though , with only few good races per season . 
  british gp 2014 and 2015 comes up to my mind , hungary , usa , malaysia and russian gp 2015 were damn fine as well . 
  f1 is very different than how it was 10 years ago , some of it was changed for worse . 
  but contrary to popular circlejerk , it still provides fun racing , especially this year . 
  i wish everything was always like this . 
  [ vader does n't think that though . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wnhdohlvo14?t=1m8s ), 
  oh yes !, 
  also hungary and canada 2014 were great . 
  could n't name them all hehe . 
   you should get used to the german anthem . 
  he stopped watching at the end of schumi era , pretty sure he knows it well haha . 
  because nico hits me in the right places on this track, 
  haha , and we make fun of ferrari and their catching mercedes talk ... mclaren took it to new level . 
  as much as i hope they do n't catch ferrari , i got ta admit - this is very nice refreshment to see that red bull is in good relations with renault again and talks about fighting in f1 more instead of constantly feeding us with leaving threats . 
  and people complain about wag cams in f1 ... 
  really ? 
  first season is really bad . 
  there are some bad episodes even after it but it 's manageable . 
  just skip first season if you ca n't get through it . 
  or - pick one of those better arcs and watch just those . 
  for example umbara arc , maul ( + mandalore ) arc , season 6 fives arc ( underrated arc ) ... or ahsoka 's final tcw arc . 
  these arcs alone sometimes even outmatch some movies imho . 
  is there a team that does n't plan beating ferrari in monaco ? 
  u s a, 
  hello darkness ... 
  also jules drove that legendary drive in 2014 there . 
  the drive that saved the entire team . 
  mighty feat . 
  legendary car . 
  rip third place sign . 
  hey you !, 
  i like you . 
  from his point of view ... 
  huh , i use it on reddit all the time . 
  if gutierrez is ever able to win a race in haas , grosjean will likely be wdc that year . 
  what are we even arguing about here . 
  we all know it 's gon na be mercedes boys race anyways ... 
  which is kinda pointless on their side considering they upload all of them on youtube anyways . 
  seriously , fom ... 
  [ somebody called ambassador of peace ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp6hgdqznrm ), 
  he 'll be just sitting there and chilling , kinda like kmag did in spain conf lol . 
  maybe renault 's lobby `` come on guys , remind them we are here too ! '', 
  and i dearly and quietly disagree . 
  well ... in a way . 
  i like racing imola on sims more , but as a viewer i prefer monza . 
  i am afraid that imola will produce very dull racing , even though i 'd like to be surprised . 
  you know what would have been the best ? 
  having both monza and imola on the calendar . 
  yep , that would make me itch in all the right places . 
  there was no seat for jev at the time and rest was n't worthy of staying in f1 .
