  great interview , he really seems like a good bloke . 
  ^ ^ ^ unlike ^ ^ ^ mr. 
  their original plans even included very well made mobile and tablet apps with interactive maps , trading , guild chat and stuff . 
  i 'm not really mad that it did n't make it into final release , but hey - could 've been fun . 
  now , community might be able to finish this idea . 
  first i wanted to write why your comment is absolutely out of the point , but then i just deleted that and decided to show you [ this ] ( http://www.informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/rhetological-fallacies/ ) . 
  learn how to provide actual arguments before you create new account just for one stupid shitpost . 
   on the other hand czechs have problems with understanding slovak . 
  not really , i 've never seen any czech having problems understanding slovak or otherwise . 
  they are very similar to the point we do n't even care at university whether our professor is teaching us in slovak or czech . 
  i remember interview with helmut marko somewhere when he said that they insist on all their junior drivers having at least high school successfully finished . 
  he also said that seb in particular had his tutor going around the globe with him back in young days . 
  yeah , but still ... mechanics are what matters most . 
  i like big zones , but considering the mechanics of this game and players per map limits ... it 's really much better to have smaller , yet packed zones . 
  if sw/dt were connected into one bigger zone , there would 've been problems with taxi-ing people for one particular goal , because limits . 
  speaking of which , i 'd like some big `` just for casual exploring content '' maps and then some hardcore action packed smaller maps like sw/dt . 
  i really hope they hit the balance well with hot . 
   p.s. 
  thank you for removing instance creator protection . 
  oh the irony of life . 
  people were so mad about this thing since launch and now that it 's been fixed , people act like it was a good thing . 
  i know it sucks for you , but come on ... this was change for good . 
  not using consumables is really the smallest mistake pug can possibly make . 
  second time this bot strikes on / r/formula1 , and second time it absolutely nails it !, 
  they are really good actors in this one . 
  got ta love lewises `` my engine is 1.6 ? 
  what ? '', 
   i do n't recall exactly where they mentioned this but wp mentioned it in a recent video as well . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  did n't you mishear ? 
  iirc wp was just recently speculating about graphics being updated with hot , not now . 
  jedi specialization . 
  shut up and take my money . 
  which might also be because there are no new dungeons and people are bored with current ones which they 've been running for 2 + years . 
  arenanet really got better at designing combat encounters in living story and with all these plans with improved ai and ( speculated ) defiance rework ... i would be very , very disappointed if they did n't use this potential for some old-school instanced content in future . 
  ot : damn , just realized that gw2 is going to be 3 years old this year . 
  how time has passed ... 
  crimson warhorn makes lion roar sound though , that could be interesting selling point in the future . 
  nah , trehearne is the real hipsta in this matter . 
  well , if that 's the case ... people who play all game modes every game session are ... what 's the appropriate word ... screwed ? 
  i do n't even remember if they nerfed it down , but back when sab launched in april 2013 , you could easily just re-create character and speedrun through first level for tokens the same way you do in keyfarming . 
   missing the recent shovel loot-party was also slightly annoying . 
  nah , that farm is still going on , it might not be as crazy as it was when they released it , but it 's still pretty viable way to get shinies . 
  i like filling in surveys , but man , this felt weird . 
  some questions were repeated ( just said in different words ) ... and that thing about escaping reality is such a clich\u00e9 . 
  no offense op , but it just felt ... weird . 
  at least to me . 
  just in time when vettel said he want to stick with his current testing design . 
  that 's basically communism at it 's finest . 
  do we want that in f1 ? 
  yep , it was one of those questions people asked him in that [ official ferrari video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7a8l4gvmr8 ) . 
  well ... these two ideologies are very similar in many aspects . 
  but indeed , this is never good . 
  even if people did n't like vettels helmet fetish , it 's still just the way he is ( was ) or the way he does ( did ) ... now they can even ban his finger gesture , or lewises hammertime catchphrase , etc. 
  it 's stupid and pointless way to kill even that last bit of personality drivers can show . 
  okay , now that it 's official ... can we get flair please ? 
  this sub and forums in 1 year : `` remember when warrior was class for noobs ? '', 
  difference is that massa bascially gave up with knowledge that he would 've been overtaken anyways . 
  seriously , check that again , he absolutely moved out of the way . 
  resurrection remix lollipop user there ... been using that for more than a week as a daily driver and ... well ... 
  i 'm going back to cloudy once i have some time to do the flashing . 
  battery life is definitely worse , especially in stand by mode . 
  on cloudy i can do 1 and half day no problem without changing , on rr i 'm at 5 % battery when midnight comes ( i 'd call myself a heavy user ) . 
  and camera is worse alot , so no ... 
  it 's fun to try , but not worth the downsides to me . 
  awwww , f40 , brings me back into 90s when i had this beast on a poster . 
  i knew i was supporting the right guy all the time !, 
  am i the only one who does n't want any of that no matter which class ? 
  speaking of ui , i really like `` boring '' style . 
  i want to focus on the gameplay itself , not on some shiny blinking crazy ui design . 
  it 's funny , he probably did something they did n't agree on before ( considering some facial expressions of rubi ) , but community actually exploded in joy and awesomeness hype . 
  i really hope that arenanets pr team reads this and realises what makes people more satisfied . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  dat lipsync tho , really well done . 
  nah , i was doing that first but then i took the risk and i actually earned much more that way . 
  you wo n't really lose more than 1-2 gold each day even if you 're super unlucky , which is ok for me since i earned more than 30 gold by just opening evelopes every day . 
  personally i salvage them all with master/mystic salvage kit for ectos , which i usually stack up to 250 and then sell some of them to open stack again ... unless i have a use for them of course . 
  there is small gambling included , but generally profit is definitely better than just selling rares on tp . 
  okay , call it respawnmatch if you want to , i 'll stick with deathmatch . 
  ehm ... if you told me about double points in 2013 i 'd say `` they ca n't do that ! '', 
  too , so ... i like his attitude , but i would n't underestimate fia and their casual madness . 
  i doubt ferrari really cares , i 'd argue that most photographers around the track are n't there doing their own press thing ( or at least not all the time ) , but spying for teams . 
  also - it means quite alot to him , he nearly lost that finger back when he was in feeder series ... it happened in spa i think . 
  was n't there a red post about capes during christmas that they just ca n't bind it to charr model backbone , so no capes because clipping would 've been even worse than it is now ? 
  i do n't know man , it 's still huge in gaming . 
  * sudden erection *, 
  i 'd be tired too if i crashed super fast racing car in somewhat fast corner so hard that they had to get me out with helicopter . 
  giving us new class and not even single character slot would 've been way too dicky move for arenanet , i doubt they 'd do that . 
  or just deep dive into lower level biome . 
  mind : blown, 
  and i joked about susie and her career results . 
  damn , shame on me . 
  for real , of course . 
  lotus and mclaren are following him . 
  lol . 
  guess mercedes decided it 's about time for fans to start facing the reality again . 
  mmm ... okay . 
  what 's most important imo ... she 's a genuine personality . 
  most community managers ( including whoever is behind the sims account ) do n't really expose themselves in person and stay in the background . 
  it 's even about arenanets general strategy though , they build up their image on developers actually being personalities ... even blizzard does that for example , and they are great at it .
