  i guess this is just a promo pic and not from actual cycling around monza , right ? 
  cause i ca n't imagine going full speed on bicycle in jeans for few kms . 
  did it once , my crotch hurts just thinking about it . 
  but i 'm no ocon . 
  mclaren-ren ... mclaren-rena ... god that just does n't work for me . 
  title is going for sensation when there is none . 
  i 'll save my panic for situation when ( if ) it sucks in quali . 
  did you manage to find out what was the problem with those kernel panics ? 
  inbefore more rain . 
  omfg, 
  what the fuck was that . 
  yep , i feel like smashing some tables right now . 
  this guy might be onto something . 
  my major saltiness aside ( not his fault anyways ) ... this is a great achievement . 
  i 'm interested where will that new record stop . 
  what ? 
  let this fight be fair and square . 
  i thought it was up to teams to make design around them . 
  are you suggesting that all those halos will be plain black and only leader will have an option for something different ? 
  fuck that . 
  i 'm still not settled down on the idea of halo in general , let alone this extra bullshit on top of it . 
  imho pretty meh trailer , first one was miles better ... but yeah , i am still looking forward to this . 
  he just got booted out of siri team leadership , which is now under charge of hair force one craig federighi ... so i guess he has some extra time now . 
  it was n't good but fuck me in the ear if that was worse than mclaren . 
  because it was n't . 
  i 'll give -1 rating to ferrari . 
  he makes up certain portion of that bad luck by himself . 
  spa was decent too . 
  they pretty much forced it on him . 
  even had seb cam label prepared ... 
  i really hope that this was n't taste of what its coming for the rest of the season . 
  singapore should be much better . 
  i hope . 
  fernando was extra salty today . 
  any other driver would get shit for being this angry on radio . 
  but honda sucks so he gets a free pass . 
  i believe hamilton is reffering to ferrari fan 's perspective . 
  i hope so , ` too stressed ' vettel never performs good , let 's be honest there ... 
  did somebody delete any anti vettel opinions ? 
  so you are allowed to have them . 
  piss off . 
  i do , i do n't really count them as power metal , but i really do like them . 
  he 's not straight up bad but current top team drivers are considerably better than he is . 
  ocon on the other hand ? 
  i 'd bet he might get there at one point . 
  dae feel like ca n't say anything negative about xyz driver around here . 
  what blasphemy, 
   what was he supposed to have done differently ? 
  not to dive on the side of verstappen and then proceed by saying that he was pushed off the track . 
  especially given how he behaved in hungary . 
  because armchair psychologist said so . 
  imo it 's one of the best on the calendar . 
  american silverstone , sort of . 
  as others have said , i do n't really know about people hating on it . 
   asked the editor if she would publish a retraction , got blocked on twitter for it !, 
  this is so 2017 . 
  to be completely honest i would n't see a problem even if they were females . 
  it 's just a fucking joke . 
  it 's been a while so ... 
  damn i 'd expect seb to be better at this than kimi . 
  very surprised that kimi knows more trivia stuff than seb ... well , besides his own racing stats that is heh . 
  all part of the plan mate . 
  german efficiency and shit . 
  that seemed to be tha case . 
  but i think it 's more down to ferrari being exceptionally slow rather than red bull being suddenly up to ferrari 's pace . 
  calm down , fia . 
  well you succeded . 
  my soul is bleeding just thinking about it . 
  i think it 's mostly by default on a and x actually ( speaking of standard xbox controller layout ) ... but what i really find odd that most of these default have upshift on the lower button ( a ) and downshift on the upper button ( x ) ... it bothered me too much , i alway have to switch them in every game ... but yeah , apart from that i find manual gearbox just fine on a controller . 
  you guys manage to play these games on a pad without any traction control ? 
  respect . 
  no braking assist or abs i understand , that 's easy to get used to . 
  but no traction control on a pad ? 
  damn son . 
  that takes some mad smoothness on the trigger . 
  i ca n't go without tc when using a pad tbh ... well , not since 2016 when they made handling a bit more hardcore ... 
  i missed it in a weird way . 
  and people like you call tifosi toxic and salty . 
  it 's just a fucking joke post . 
  expanding on youtube channel was the best thing wtf1 could have done . 
  to think they just started as a fb page full of f1 memes ... well done . 
  does the car have a face on it 's back ? 
  creepy . 
  that 's really funny from present day 's perspective . 
  macbook air with 2017 specs . 
  i still like air 's design the most . 
   and believe me the ferrari fans were n't happy !, 
  i think i believe you . 
  cool !, 
  but ... wait a minute . 
  robert ? 
  nothing ? 
  yeah . 
  car wins championships in first place , never the driver . 
  i understand alonso 's frustrations but i would n't sacrifice long-term goal of the team for a driver . 
  but then again , i 'm a random redditor as well . 
  i just hope that history wo n't repeat itself ( williams ) . 
  i 'm a ferrari guy , but right now i really hope mclaren gets back to the top where they belong . 
  i 've seen this crash so many times . 
  i never noticed that speed was there .
