  but mark certainly is trying . 
  not interesting drivers ? 
  what the hell , as already / u/omophorus said , we have quite great lineup . 
  maybe not as awesome as in 2012 or so , but still pretty damn good . 
  few wdcs , at least two of which are considered as all-time greats by most people ( and three by little bit less people :p ) , some fresh ballsy youngsters and differing personalities . 
  the only really dull driver is stevens . 
  cars are speed-wise close to other categories ? 
  again , what the hell . 
  look the damn lap times before saying anything mark . 
  the cars are still faster than other categories and as the technology advnaces , they will get faster and faster . 
  and that talk about difficulty of driving those cars is just funny , he was slow in the most planted cars spec of f1 's history , yet he smacks current specs although they are way harder to control . 
  also , it 's not like wec cars are screaming like f1 was with v12 to v8 era , the motorsport in general is moving towards effectivity , no matter if people like it or not . 
  i never liked him when he was in f1 , and it definitely is n't improving now that he 's out of the sport . 
  if he really wants to continue doing this , so be it , but the more he trash-talks f1 just for the sake of doing so , the more villeneuve-ish he will be . 
  and sooner or later the only difference between him and villeneuve will be that villeneuve still has won wdc with newey 's car . 
  screw webber and his sour `` i lost so it must be wrong '' anti-f1 agenda . 
  this . 
  i 'm keeping my fingers crossed , definitely would be careful about hyping up too much . 
  ferrari said this `` we focus on next year '' since 2010 or something . 
  all you post today on this sub is low-effort bitching about f1 . 
  are you mark webber ? 
  especially when something goes wrong . 
  at the end of the article he sort of admits that verstappen 's ways might work - it just is n't his way of training . 
  and lewis certainly is one of the best overtakers on the grid . 
  quite uncomparable . 
  gp2 is spec series , every driver has the same car . 
  f1 is constructors championship . 
  racing in f1 would be much more fun if the cars were same across all teams , but that would be at the cost of killing the whole idea behind f1 . 
  p\u00e9rez third ? 
  somebody actually voted for button ? 
  those of you who chose these drivers - care to explain ? 
  i think that drivers still have some control over ers and specificaly it 's power output . 
  i do n't really have any source for it right now but iirc they can either leave ers to standard mode during which it applies energy according to map etc. , or they can push some button that forces ers to go full power for a short moment - essentialy emulating the way kers did work . 
  i 'd be glad if there was somebody with actual proof that it 's happening , i just ca n't find anything right now . 
  no matter how many downvotes you get it does n't . 
  i watch fe too and it 's not even close to the thrill of f1 . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  sounds like hitech spin-off of alarm f\u00fcr cobra 11 . 
  i knew that vettel was going to gain some popularity after he joins ferrari , but being the most popular guy on this sub ... that 's quite above my expectations . 
  who would 've guessed last year . 
  very interesting , thanks for your comment !, 
  i wish the teams or promoters explained this part a bit more openly to fans , i find it very interesting and it plays quite a big factor in these races , yet instead ( at least on my local footage ) we hear explanation how drs works every single race ... this is way more exciting . 
  oh , right - good point . 
  i did n't realise that people could choose multiple drivers . 
  he still won though , which definitely would n't happen last year or so . 
  he said it at monza in bbc interview ( or sky , i ca n't really remember ) , that he used to be against it - but he can handle only this much pain as he also knew wilson since childhood , and he does n't care about tradition anymore . 
  really makes you stop and think about it . 
  just a speculation from my understanding . 
  but ... please ... be true . 
  okay , but i go first . 
  tldr : everybody 's awesome, 
  it 's better than articles about lewis ' hair , nico 's and seb 's babies , nobody is denying that . 
  he showed up last year at monaco and when brundle asked keke if nico is going to win , he said `` no . '', 
  he appears sometimes . 
  would ferrari hire him if that was the case ? 
  i do n't think ferrari has issues with money to need him in development programme . 
  shit 's going doooown . 
  seriously , i have n't heard such type of stuff from them for a long time . 
  great to see them regaining confidence ( with ferrari deal ? 
  one of the greatest drivers of all time would leave the world before he could achieve everything he was capable of achieving . 
  he 's already a double time world champion , but he has potential get at least 2 more . 
  a big loss for the sport - i can imagine senna scenario repeating in a way that he would get godlike status just like ayrton did . 
   passing away while being an active sportsman does funny things for your legacy, 
  it certainly does , but what does even more magic to your legacy is passing away when you 're at the top of your game . 
   still a pretty weird post op ... 
  yeah ... we 've had enough death recently , i do n't really feel comfortable just thinking about this . 
  how old are you ? 
  shit , i really should 've gotten into gaming videos when there was the early boom . 
  earning money to buy mercedes and be famous for playing freaking videogame - not even on pro level based what i 've seen on his channel by quick look ? 
  damn ... not gon na lie , i 'm jealous . 
  more like shitpost everyday . 
  just my own , probably wrong , idea - recently we 've had tracks on which teams run with low downforce setup , so there probably was n't enough friction between the car and ground as the cars were n't as `` sucked '' to the floor . 
  that was n't because of higher pitlane speed . 
  that was because red bul mechanics screwed up . 
  the car could go 20 km/h through the pitlane and the wheel would still spin out , release and jump around the pit lane . 
  shitp ... i mean , drunkpost alert . 
  good that you enjoy europe mate , sleep from it and come back here when you 're sober . 
  indeed , hungary does n't really fit into my theory . 
  i do n't know then - i ca n't remember seeing any sparks in hungary either . 
   it could be better though , as everyone on this sub knows , especially when they charge so much for it . 
  wow , they charge people for those online streams ? 
  he 's good , he has come in a time when there are not enough seats for all those drivers that could get into the sport . 
  and to me , personally , there are better options on the market , even though i like kmag . 
  fingers crossed , but i 'd be very surprised if he races in f1 next year . 
  this kind of sounds like what our local f1 commentary tends to do when there is no action on the track . 
  every single race when there is some more or less boring part they start talking how the sport is exciting all the time and it 's alot of fun even when there is no action at the moment ... it 's better than constant bitching about state of the sport , but this has been happening at least since mid-2013 and damn with every new race it sounds more and more fake , even though the intentions are obviously well-minded ( trying to keep people interested ) . 
  even todt 's in it . 
  the movie as a whole is rather silly , but this part gets me always . 
  man , i wish we had footage like that for more drivers . 
  there was some documentary about vettel , but it was all in german , which made it kind of useless to me . 
  anybody has more about other f1 drivers ? 
  i 'd love to watch it . 
  deer ran into mclaren f1 car . 
  probably some editor from motorsport ha . 
  that 's cool though , no need to rush - enjoy the game in it 's entire beauty . 
  i made my first character on 3 day headstart in august and i got it to 80 by the end of november . 
  and damn it was my best leveling experience in all mmos , and i did play quite a few of them . 
  i can hit it in 5 minutes with tomes , so what 's your point ? 
  op was still pretty fast considering he did play the game for the first time . 
  ( \u3065 \uff61 \u25d5 \u203f \u203f \u25d5 \uff61 ) \u3065 gem to gold conversion reset at day 30 or nothing .
