  you just hate the guy and pull out some bullshit to justify your opinion on him . 
  itt : people arguing that their habit is the best one . 
  in other words , just use what do you find most useful and comfortable . 
  they probably know that lewis ' hair is going to cause bigger shitstorm . 
  he was the next big thing , for sure . 
  he never really grew onto me , but he was in f1 to fight and he definitely did fight , and hard . 
  some people might hate me for saying that , but max verstappen actually kind of reminds me of lewis in his debut season in almost every aspect . 
  golem mark after revamp is quite fun too ( well , if you do n't just camp ranged weapon ) , you can actually die there if you do n't pay much attention . 
  ca n't fail it though , which is an issue with almost everything in the game . 
  the only real fail condition is time limit , and even then it really matters just with teq and tt . 
  i 'm not a native speaker and i read it just okay . 
  do n't be ashamed , just train fast reading a bit or something . 
  edit : no idea why did i get into negative vote rating , but okay . 
  i 'll just move on . 
  he 's going to get some shit for this , but to be absolutely honest , i 'm with him on this matter . 
  i usually hate tradition arguments and i definitely do understand why some people push towards closed cockpits ... but if you gave me a vote i 'd be against it . 
  one day , closed cockpits will come . 
  it 's inevitable imho , but i am not in favor of it . 
  the day it happens open-wheel loses part of it 's charm . 
  depends on the type of change . 
  closed cockpit is pretty strong aesthetical change compared to seat belts , or closed helmets . 
  i can see your point though . 
  just because it 's been happening for over 40 years it means that it should continue to happen ? 
  that way we 'll leave real-life racing , because the safest possible way of racing is using a simulator . 
  you can still get some amazing drivers fighting each other , and it will be 100 % safe . 
  everyone 's happy ? 
  i expected this , but still - do n't try to push me into the position `` this dude wants to see people die for his entertainment '' , that 's the same flawed logic , like when people call non-vegans a mass murderers . 
  you have a point and i do realise that my argument is much weaker ( as it always is when tradition is the main argument ) , i 'm just stating my own opinion on the matter . 
  it does n't even matter in the end though , i have no say in that . 
  nor do other fans . 
  let the fia do their research and job properly and wait for results . 
  good for you , i did n't need to do that . 
  see ya guys in 2017 . 
  whilst you 're the true voice of reason , right ? 
  haha , yeah . 
  obviously i meant that i would refuse to drink it after trying it first - if it 's not good . 
  no way , you do n't give your enemy weapon using which he can defeat you . 
  as a fan i 'd love to see it , but if i was toto , not even in my craziest dreams . 
  so earlier this week i wanted to take about half of my money from atm , and something went terribly wrong , it told me to take my money , but no money appeared . 
  and of course , it removed that money from my bank account . 
  i already raised a complaint , but they have a month to resolve the issue and return me my money ... yeah . 
  fuck that . 
  hopefuly they will resolve that though , i 've read about people never ever seeing their money again , which would be even worse . 
  so we are going to get `` dae r/formula1 sucks '' posts all weekend ? 
  i 'll probably stick with race/quali megathreads for this race weekend and avoid new posts section at all , this is fucking pointless . 
  mods stated repeatedly that this is their trial of the new rule , yet you people act like they took some stupid toy of yours . 
  for all we know they might even revert this back to the way it was , let 's just calm down a bit and get over it for now . 
  yes , i hate that new rule too , but acting like a 12 year old brat wo n't do a shit for quality of this sub . 
  people are actually this militant over builds ? 
  simple way to prove it - do a speedrun . 
  if it is at least as fast as metazerk speedruns , it 's worth being considered a meta . 
  maybe that 's because they are pve players and not pvp players ? 
  seriously . 
  oh i know how the game works and that pretty much anything is viable . 
   i , uh , just ... just listen to his comments , he 's acting like dnt is his arch-enemy or something , and people commenting under his video act like they are being abused by people who like to run with meta setup . 
  why do n't they just ... you know ... create their own group and state that they do n't care for meta in the lfg . 
  i just do n't understand why people need to act like this . 
  he 's also skewing some math and ignoring general dps support between party members in order to prove something ... why , just why . 
  seems like he 's trying to go against the meta for the sake of doing so . 
  i do n't play exactly a meta-way , the only meta thing about my main is that i have zerk ascended gear , but that 's pretty much it . 
  do i get so militant that nike or pretty much anybody else has a better build than me ? 
  of course not , why should i. . . and he does . 
  he acts like it 's a pride thing or something . 
  and people in his comments section act the same way . 
  this type of behavior is really beyond me . 
  what stops me from giving karma to op with this rule ? 
  because that 's exactly what tv presenters care about . 
  this entire thing opened my eyes in a way that i realised how many childish dicks are around this sub . 
  do n't take that shit personally and have a good one . 
  i for one hope that you will take this rule down as i strongly disagree with it , but some peoply just took their despise way too far . 
  to others : calling people idiots because they did something against your liking wo n't do shit and if you guys will act like that even in your adult life once your mom stops feeding you and buying you computers , you wo n't get too far . 
  stop being such pricks and grow up . 
  this subs blowout is way more sad than the entire no direct link thing , even though both are wrong in their own ways . 
  people on this sub should stop being so immature towards mods too . 
  some people said nothing but insults or pointless trolling with `` test '' posts . 
  kids need their delusional internet fame moment . 
  leave them to it . 
  for sure , some lfg assholes who think how pro and great they are because they copypaste dnt builds without even thinking about them and reading tooltips of traits they are setting up ... need to get off their hight horse . 
  these people definitely should be slapped back into reality , but the way nemesis puts it , it makes it seem that he blames dnt for these idiots . 
  if anything , i think community should be gratefeul for the amount of effort dnt and other high-end pve guilds spend into making build videos etc. 
  you know , they could keep their tactics and builds for themselves , but they share it out of good will - it 's not their fault that some tryhard acts like an ass when he joins random pug expecting it to know everything . 
  he would n't need to repost that if it was n't for people spamming with new posts for no reason . 
  funny , because exactly that can be said regarding your low effort tryhard sub . 
  poor children who made their own f1 subs , what they will do now lol . 
  guess they wo n't get as many internet fame points ad they were hoping for . 
  seriously though , good that you decided to return to previous state . 
  thumbs up for apology , it is very accepted . 
  now if only some idiots apologised for their brutal overreaction and insults at your address ... 
  dude get off it . 
  i 've been moderating way smaller forum than this sub is few years ago and it 's not as easy as just clicking delete buttons on shitty comments , which it might seem like at first ( it did to me when i applied for that mod job ) , but there is much more than that . 
  obviously i have no idea how do mods of this sub manage everything , but i can see they have quite long brainstorming sessions regarding every single thing regarding this sub . 
  and even then , it 's pretty easy to make mistakes which are easy to dismiss with hindisight . 
  i mean , we had maybe about 10k users and we had 100 + comments discussions regarding every single thing we do - i can imagine them taking it even more seriously when they have 9 times as many users . 
  however , from my mod experience , mods on this sub have been way to benevolent and they definitely should be much , much harder than they currently are ( were ) . 
  do n't just monitor obvious shitposts like `` lel cheesy kimi wallpaper '' , but also comments that only exist to drag other people into shitstorms . 
  with that being said , they need more people to work this out properly - and this mod team is terribly small for such amount of users . 
  we had more mods on 9 times smaller forum and even then it got to the point that we missed some shitty comments . 
  some people might call it a censorship , i prefer to call it quality maintenance . 
  there might be a thin line between these two things , and balancing on it properly is the true measurment of good moderation . 
  and yes , i know that even my past comments would be eligible for some shadow-deleting or short-term banning .
