  anyways , i 'll stick with more casual version of this ( stacking some fine black lion skins for later sell ... ) . 
  good game , thanks latvia !, 
  czech republic ftw !, 
  got ta love that smiling guy in the reflection . 
  creeped me out for a second though . 
  ricciardo was testing that smoke screen in bahrain . 
  looked cool . 
  well , he 's not that awesome against massa , who usually is rated bit below vettel . 
  no offense , i like bottas ... 
  but ferrari was n't even close to being 2nd best car on the grid last year , they 've made quite a big progress and if that continues ... it would 've been risky , but i can see some sense it . 
  force india fan now i am . 
   there 's a reason f1 's ratings are declining and wec 's are growing . 
  f1 at least used to be one of the most watched sports on earth , there was n't much space to grow into even more . 
  wec on the other hand was nothing speaking of mainstream viewership - it 's always easier to grow from zero . 
  so what 's wrong in your opinion if not tyres or engines ? 
  all you said is that we 're all wrong , but did n't make any actual counter-conclusions . 
   majority does n't follow any other motorsport , but still think they know whats good racing, 
  that 's not just with f1 fans though . 
  most people just focus on one specific discipline , because they simply like it more . 
  i know tons of people who just watch nhl , or just khl , or just iihf , or just local hockey league . 
  i know tons of people who only like wrc , or moto gp , etc. 
  most football ( soccer ... ) fans do n't watch every single league either and damn it 's absolutely the same game everywhere . 
  i just love open-wheel singleseaters , that 's what gets me excited most , no matter if it 's f1 , gp2 , indycar , or formula e - does it make me ignorant , because i just do n't like to follow closed cockpit racing ? 
  it 's the same type of shit when metal fan calls hip hop fans ignorant and other way around . 
  people just focus on what they like . 
  i think i know what 's good racing , even though i honestly do n't give a single damn about wec . 
  as much as i like technology ... do we really need to used like this ? 
  i mean ... that tupac hologram looked great , but i still disagree with idea of `` bringing back dead people '' . 
  nice touch is that they are in this photo in order of championship wins too . 
  damn that 's nice . 
  honestly - i did n't really expect these two to get on well even after mark left f1 . 
  i 'm nicely surprised , good to hear they are cool now . 
  and freaking wec is just 5 seconds slower . 
  hi , thanks for this ama !, 
  is driver being somewhat important in car development ( with his feedback ) really a thing or it 's just a myth ? 
  really hard to tell , every f1 era had `` their guy '' . 
  i can only remember alonso retiring due to engine problem in monza , could it be their only race engine failure ? 
  i honestly hoped that somebody would come up with simple answer such as `` fast . 
  intelligent . 
  handsome . 
  '' , but internet would probably flip out how arrogant that guy is . 
  oh deer , so many sessions . 
  also iihf championship and finals in the school ... it 's same thing every late april/early may , but i will always complain about it . 
  i 'm sorry to be that guy ... but ... did you ask him about ama ? 
  for the sake of getting rid of these stupid questions i hope he beats lewis sometime soon . 
  i like him , but come on . 
  do we really need to do this everytime he says something ? 
  is n't death knight class like ... blizzard 's trademark or something ? 
  damn , what a beast . 
  mclaren upped their game in livery department . 
  women do the same , it 's just a joke . 
  sheesh , people these days flip out for no reason all the time ... 
  he was busy sitting in santander atm . 
  uh ... at least mj & tupac looked somewhat realistic . 
  this was ... very bad . 
  very , very , very bad . 
  crazy race !, 
  schumi being back on podium really did help me to eat sour grapes left by seb 's retirement . 
  it was the best valencia race , but that 's about it . 
  i wish williams would give her actual chance in race so that she finally shuts up after tense fight with manor . 
  well , he has a point - sometimes it 's unfair . 
  but it 's still a side effect of his reputation , which he absolutely deserves . 
  wow , that 's some serious publicity for the game . 
  i just hope ( especially for the sake of chris ) that some sjw army does n't declare war to arenanet for doing this . 
  i do n't know ? 
  i just commented that i do n't want chris to get into any trouble ? 
  guess i said something inappropriate ? 
  shit just got real . 
  those tires ... mmmm ... 
  nah , barcelona one is still rather okay . 
  but singapore ... must go as fast as possible ... uuuuuh ... too wide ... uuh ... nevermind . 
  `` warning : corner cutting '' ... naah , thanks god i go for just 2 stops . 
  good stream , they were able to take most people ( including me ) from `` meh '' state to `` damn that 's cool ! '', 
  state . 
  thanks for summary dulfy . 
  leveling past 400 can be pain in the arse from time to time , but as far as my experience goes , it will eventually pay off . 
  i crafted like ... i think 5 or 6 ascended equipment ( armor & weapons ) just by using mats i stacked up while playing just as usual . 
  on the other hand , i had only one ascended drop outside of fractals . 
  and i have ascended crafting maybe for 6 months ... so i 'll say that crafting is way more efficient and `` gameplay friendly '' way than purely relying on rng . 
  must feel great after being stuffed inside f1 cockpit for a while . 
  uh ... interesting layout ... i guess . 
  any top 5 bets ? 
  and i thought my bet was a bit crazy . 
  they never were top speed chart leaders though . 
  well , that 's nice sentiment to think about other people 's dreams , but still ... 
  many people dedicate their life because they dream about something , and many people fail and do n't get where they wanted to be . 
  that 's just the way things are , many people have to face their dreams shattering , including me , you , everybody - do n't be sad about that . 
  it was great to see happy nico since ... uh ... yeah , you get it . 
  he probably did n't even know . 
  hamilton was finishing his laps too even when he had sure pole in many races . 
  shake it off . 
  also - holy crap , sainz , whatcha doing man ... both red bull juniors are super impressive this year . 
  indeed , i just wonder whether rbr is ever going to admit that . 
  got ta say that i 'm guilty !, 
  i thought that technology was not quite ready and entire series would be one huge gimmick . 
  damn how wrong i was ... fe is great . 
  rbr does n't really strike me with top 10 confidence right now ( also - reliability ) and lotus guys are always at odd of making some mistake ... points for mclaren are possible , but it wo n't be easy . 
  because engineers usually write pr articles . 
  right ? 
  oh , okay ... could anybody please elaborate what does it change then ?
