  i would use that advantage as well . 
  and as you said , he 's decent enough to deserve the seat and stay in the sport ... 
  but blocking potentially better driver 's return into the sport just because daddy is too scared that his son would get beaten in the same car even harder than he does now ? 
  and by fuck that i do n't mean fuck lance . 
  i mean fuck that . 
  that situation just sucks . 
  i think it will be 16:9 given that classic footage that goes on official youtube channel is 16:9 as well . 
  from this angle , when you ca n't see the front ... it actually looks amazing . 
  this very well can be a subtitle on the annual season review release ... unless some massive turnaround happens . 
  windows user for most of my life . 
  on a mac for about a year or so . 
  still using both . 
  long story short ... imo macos is much better complete package that suits laptops better and windows is more up to installing extra software , but works better on desktop usage without a touchpad . 
  even when using utilities on a mac , i still find windows ' window management ( lol ) waaaay ahead . 
  rest is on kinda equal grounds . 
  i just wish that games performed the same on a macos as they do on windows . 
  maybe one day , if metal hits mainstream ... 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't really want people to think that he 's the goat , i do n't even think he is ... but to shrug off his achievements because he had inferior teammates and acting like other champions , including michael fucking schumacher did n't ... that really just pisses me off . 
  given how brutally ricciardo wrecked vettel in their only season together , and how verstappen actually challenges him ( when his car works ) ... 
  i do n't really see why should we argue about it . 
  that being said , i also do n't see how this makes vettel less worthy of his 4 wdcs . 
  wdc belongs to the guy who has most points by the end of the season , period . 
  if you want popularity contest , go watch something else . 
  he also looks way less than aladdin . 
  username checks out . 
  to be fair , rosberg took his time to beat lewis as well . 
  i think bottas did well this season ... although with that being said , i think it really shows how amazing lewis is . 
  if they had two drivers on bottas level , which is still pretty good level , they would have smaller chance of winning the wdc than they do now with lewis . 
  also now that i think of it , this season also shows that vettel needs to work on his temper big time . 
  it 's all cool when anger and adrenaline that comes with it makes him pull off some great on-track overtakes and push the car on the very limit ... but when he loses control over it , it all goes to shit almost instantly . 
  either by doing retarded shit on purpose , or by just making pointless mistakes . 
  he would be way closer to lewis ' driver level if he could control his anger a bit more . 
  as ricciardo said earlier this season - his biggest enemy is himself . 
  yep , consistency is his strength this year , especially when compared to vettel . 
  even when he happens to be off pace sometimes , he does n't try to overpush the car just to gain that extra tenth . 
  very composed , professional performance all year long . 
  he went mental on hamilton in baku . 
  he was also slow in britain , but at least he did n't destroy entire race by himself ... instead they failed on strategy as a team . 
  hamilton 's bad weekends were that he was just slow , but still collected some useful points . 
  vettel threw away solid points in baku by being an idiot and entire points finish in singapore . 
  hence why i consider it worse than hamiltons issues . 
  i do n't consider that as a driver mistake tho . 
  or how button turns back to the reporter at `` less buttons , more ? '', 
  part . 
   `` this sub hates _ '' or `` ca n't like _ here '' is getting so old . 
  not getting . 
  it 's been so fucking tiring to read for such a long time . 
  i always point it out that people should n't put an opinion of certain group into one bag of entire sub ... yet here we are again . 
  some will never learn or understand that certain groups of fans read certain threads more , and other groups read other threads more instead ... hence fluctuation in votes and opinion in these threads . 
  exactly . 
  making a consumer product big part of your identity usually does n't make you seem cooler . 
  maybe just to very superficial people ... and these are n't worth it anyways . 
  1995 guy is the real shit . 
  as some of you might have noticed , there are lots of gw2 related apps on google play ( i do n't know how does ios or windows phone stand in compare ) . 
  i actually have tried some of them and i usually tend to find new apps every few months i try to search for them . 
  but here is a thing - i think that there are so many apps ( on android ) about gw2 , that it 's actually pretty hard to find the best ones . 
  my question is , do you guys have any favourite mobile apps ( does n't matter which platform you use ) , which are somehow related to guild wars 2 ? 
  please , feel free to share your tips . 
  thanks . 
  there was this thread where people cheered peace in queensdale because all the train-farmers were in la. 
  that 's really cool , but here is different experience - aurora glade has no issues with population when it comes to bosses , but tonight , there were literally just three people fighting jormag . 
  pre-events actually were fun , but i gave up when the dragon phase started . 
  hey guys . 
  sometimes i just read through the suggestions on official guild wars 2 forums and i really consider some ideas to be very interesting . 
  many ideas there die and are forgotten , so here is my question - is there any `` suggestion '' from official forums that has been put into the game ? 
  i do n't remember any , but maybe you guys know more ? 
  update : thanks for answers guys , i did n't even realize that some changes were actually sugested by players . 
  sometime back in the beginning of 2013 ( i think ) i 've seen a great f1 season review , which was all done very professionaly , there were video highlights of the season 2012 . 
  the whole season 's story was rapped in lyrics by some hip hop guy ( ca n't remember him ) . 
  it was really great and i just remembered it , but i ca n't find it anywhere . 
  does anybody have any idea , who sung that song and where is the original clip ? 
  thanks for your time . 
  / / update : solved , found - thanks alot . 
  hey guys ... i mean ... waaaatisssupppguuyys !, 
  i just wanted to thank both mr. ` tatoes and mr. 
  visual for great content they made during the year . 
  this is the second year i 've been following you two , and i still enjoy you so much . 
  i listen to you when i 'm travelling , or when i 'm just casually playing something , or ... well , i just like your content , both in audio and video form . 
  wp is the best gw2 source of information and content , and matt ... maaan , matt is just pure fun . 
  i usually watch just reviews of games which i want to buy , but with matt , i do n't care what game he reviews , i just watch it , because it 's freaking fun . 
  so with all this crazy christmas sentiment going around me ( i also might be a bit drunk ... anyways ... ) , i decided to write this post , to say thank you . 
  merry christmas & happy new year !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ stay ^ ^ ^ ^ visual, 
  `` join arenanet president and co-founder mike o\u2019brien and guild wars 2 game director colin johanson for an exclusive sneak peek at what 's next in guild wars 2 and be among the first to hear how we 're setting up a new framework for how an mmo can grow its universe . 
  the living world was just the beginning . '', 
  [ link ] ( http://south.paxsite.com/schedule/panel/guild-wars-2-beyond-the-point-of-no-return ), 
  one ticket to hype train ? 
  i mean ... it 's the main stage , and o\u2019brien does n't appear on regular arenanet shows usually ... so ... could be something big . 
  it 's also just a week and something after final ls2 release . 
  i 'm seriously interested ... because i almost did , and i am not even close to being as big fan as wp is . 
  so , wp , did you pass out during the season finale ? 
  hey ,, 
  some people tend to be somewhat annoyed by expansion announcement , because it 's eventually going to force them into money investment , so they can continue to play through content . 
  here 's why paid expansion is totally fine :, 
  ** guess what , game development is not free ** , even your so called `` free updates '' were n't really free , there are people who regularly buy gems so that game is profitable . 
  if every single player was crying about game demanding more cash after buying a box , gw2 would n't survive more than a year . 
  every ~ ~ mmorpg ~ ~ game locks out content with an expansion , it 's logical - why would they even make an expansion , if everything would be given to everybody for free ? 
  you wa n't to play ? 
  buy it .
