  i still voted him as the best driver and haas as the worst team on that day . 
  stretching it a bit op . 
  he 's not leaving ferrari unless they straight up fire him . 
  and i do n't see that happening either , unless he goes really mad at them over radio next year . 
  like `` fuck off marchionne '' kinda mad . 
  other than that , mclaren or mercedes are only viable options for him . 
  mercedes has strong lineup and if they manage to stay ahead of rbr in years to come they will be more interested in buying verstappen out of red bull rather than trying to convince vettel . 
  and mclaren ? 
  do i really have to start on that one ? 
  people constantly make jokes about `` next year '' with ferrari , but mclaren has n't really been much better in that regard since late 2012 . 
  i just do n't understand faith some people have in mclaren ... 
  i will believe it when i see it , but right now it 's really just that ... a faith . 
  i updated my mba 2015 from el cap to sierra and had exactly zero issues so far . 
  i really dig it , especially improved storage management . 
  i guess i 'm one of the few considering what i see on the internet , but yeah ... great experience . 
  no os crashes so far ( updated to it on release day ) ... and i had quite a few on el capitan here and there . 
  yep , no bugs for me except one or two safari crashes ( might not even be os related ) . 
  and i am heavy user - we 're talking android studio , xcode , xamarin studio , virtualised android , ios simulator and such . 
  she 's one of the weakest points in got for me . 
  not like horrible actor , but kinda meh considering high standards got holds otherwise . 
   as much shit as the mustafar landing pad sequence gets for the paradox of `` only sith deal in absolutes '', 
  never understood why people hated that paradox . 
  it makes sense to me , jedi lost their way too and could n't see clearly themselves , let alone anything around them with clear vision as well . 
  to add to that we need to look at context of that conversation , it was n't just this single line , obi-wan was just reacting to `` if you are not with me , then you are my enemy . 
  '' , which is pretty damn clear absolute to me , and it 's pretty damn dark one when compared to any absolutes that jedi said or stood for . 
  he was also earlier talking about his allegiance to democracy - true democrat does n't treat his opposition as an life-death enemy that has to be eliminated . 
  and no , do n't draw comparisons to mace windu trying to kill palpatine ( `` he must be eliminated , he 's too dangerous '' ) - we 're talking a guy that actually plotted and controlled two sides of pointless war that lead to suffering of living beings across entire galaxy ... just so that he can gain unlimited power . 
  mace had every right to be afraid of palps staying alive . 
  jedi are no saints , but they were n't in the wrong here . 
  sometimes with pt i feel like people are looking for problems even in parts that have none . 
  i hope so . 
  best part about prequels or esb ( nah , just kidding , esb was amazing even taking out this factor ) was that it was trying to tell a story without actually having one giant super weapon that has to be destroyed before the movie ends . 
  i was okay about it in tfa as i was riding the nostalgia train like crazy , but after rogue one they better abandon this approach . 
  it 's pretty cheap plot device by modern movie standards and star wars has so much more potential for telling a compelling story with set goal per each movie . 
  competent ? 
  that 's a lovely way to put it . 
  i want to see them wreck this rebel scum as hard as possible . 
  preferably slaughter all main heroes with lightsaber and all others using army . 
  i want to see them suffer , with one final gasp sending out informations to leia who takes it onto tantive and runs away , watching half of rebellion getting brutally smashed into ground , hoping that it was worth it . 
  i am usually on team alliance , but not this time . 
  this time empire better deliver . 
  dude !!, 
  anybody can buy himself a race ticket and go watch some f1 , even if it takes few years of saving or something heh ... but this , this right there is damn worthy memoralibia , piece of history . 
  i 'd actually tell them i want to be second had i been in your place heh . 
  [ my comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/macos/comments/5dclyl/is_macos_sierra_still_buggy/da6sjxz/ ) from yesterday might just as well apply to you buddy . 
  no issues , been running it since day one when they released stable version . 
   at least not on any meaningful long term stint . 
  he was n't outperforming him all season long , although he definitely was very solid . 
  probably webber 's finest f1 season . 
  vettel was poor af this year . 
  overdriving , making pointless dives and mistakes , costing himself and/or teammate some solid points . 
  that being said , ferrari itself did n't quite perform as expected either . 
  i do n't believe they would have been able to beat red bulls even had their drivers delivered 100 % on every race though . 
  not excusing him , just stating my point of view . 
  in that scheme some of his shortcomings are n't really as fatal . 
  but then again , there 's no way verstappen should be fighting both of them for fourth in wdc had it not been for so many fuckups . 
  even if he manages to beat raikkonen in quali pace , doing it by just 1 quali margin is still nothing that should go down into his `` favorite stats '' book . 
  disappointing year indeed . 
   `` is that massa ? '', 
  holy shit you briliant cunt , this needs to actually happen . 
  bwoah , i mean ... you know ... 
  just practicing for off-season shitposting . 
  damn now i wish english was primary language where i live and work . 
  i always buy phones that way . 
  was n't really good idea back when smartphones were progressing mega fast , but nowadays it 's just fine . 
  bought lg g2 year after it 's release and it 's still rocking strong besides lack of fingerprint sensor and meh camera on unofficial roms . 
  '' ... on his birthday . '', 
  i do n't really mind it per se ( though admittely it is yet another gimmick ) , but how does that not make sc pointless ? 
  if they are going for standing starts everytime , why not just red flag it right away ? 
  for less severe incidents there is vsc anyways ... 
  there was already enough material to get hardcore star wars fans interested , now it 's time to hype up general audience . 
  i honestly do n't see any problem with that . 
  do you mind that star wars fanbase might grow bigger again in next month ? 
  i sure do n't . 
  no reason to bash disney or lucasfilm or whatever . 
  here 's a message to this season ... you know the rest . 
  you do n't even realise it , but you just punched many fans of his right into stomach with that comment lol . 
  watch some of 2011 and 2013 to get proper idea why people call him that way . 
  saving this for 2017 just in case . 
  drunk editor be like ... 
  i do n't . 
  once i got used to v6 hybrids i actually cringe while watching older footage instead of applauding it 's sound . 
  did it hurt irl spectacle in terms of that now you do n't hear car going kilometers away ? 
  sure ... but then again i do n't really attend races on regular basis , so whatever . 
  dae expecting `` gust of wind '' excuses ? 
  yeah of course , god damn propagandists with their stupid human rights agendas !, 
  for all we know north korea might be an amazing country as well , right ? 
  definitely that uknown star wars game ea shown glimpses of earlier this year . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  never understood why people thought so . 
  maybe for first few minutes , but later in the movie ... nope . 
  it 's never straight up told but just the fact that luke and han disguised as stormtroopers should be enough to process it properly . 
  i was what ... 6 years old when i first saw anh ? 
  i do n't recall ever thinking of stormtroopers as robots/droids . 
  call me a dick or whatever , but rather than risking your car failing in the race , maybe , just maybe ... crashing into that fast fella from pole could be very viable option if you happen to execute it properly . 
  as we say , certainty * is * certainty ... 
  i 'm just saying , you know ... 
  first corner should be pretty good either way . 
  i 'm starting to feel more emotional about this than i expected . 
  well , if you happen to lock up by drilling the brake pedal while still remaining with turned wheel ... he ... he ... yeah it probably wo n't work .
