  expansion confirmed , tengu coming . 
  but seriously ... i like that they finally came up with this sale !, 
  it really depends on you , but i would keep it to be honest . 
  or if you want to delete it , at least save stuff from that characters bag ( if there is any worthy stuff ) in the bank . 
  game is heavily dependent on cpu , so here is my general tip - if you use windows vista/7/8 ... keep aero enabled . 
  some people think that disabling aero helps because it has some fancy effects ( which drain processing power ) , and while that is true , it also does processing on gpu , so cpu has more resources to work on other stuff - like a game , for example . 
  it wo n't make 20fps difference , but it might give at least 5 frames bonus . 
  i play mostly at evenings for like 1-2 hours and i 've completed the meta last weekend ( i am not wvw only so ... ) . 
  anyways , you have lots of time . 
  afaik they were on pax last year kinda active . 
  it was marketed as a mmo game . 
  usual mmo game consists of both pve & pvp . 
  i am eu player and i do n't really get all that rage coming at this thing - the game has been made in usa , what 's the problem ? 
  no issues for me , loading takes a bit longer , but i can live with that ... overall , i am pleased with how well it went . 
  aurora glade ( eu ) has got jadexi . 
  i 've tried that now on my classic hard-disk drive and it did n't happen . 
  but still ... interesting . 
   at this rate we 're going to get a doge finisher that conjures a shining sun above the defeated player , with colin 's smiling face reflecting on it ... 
  i 've never bought any finisher , but this would make me spend ... even 2000 gems just for it . 
  i always wanted to work at google on april 's fools jokes , but now i just want to work as finisher designer at arenanet . 
  1 ) schumi also had the best car . 
  2 ) yes , he is . 
  while i agree with you ... do n't forget kimi . 
  he 's wdc too . 
  come on man ... we both know that ricciardo had two retirements ( + absolutely outrageous penalty ) . 
  just give it a time . 
  ** feature pack # 2 **, 
  * 2015 before season 3 : wrath of the scarlet 's ghost *, 
  i do n't want to laugh at zenimax , i like original tes games and i wish them lots of luck in mmorpg bussines ( even though i do n't believe in big success ) . 
  this sort of bug can happen , that 's just reality ... but worst thing is , that it was reported back in the beta few months before actual release . 
  that is real failure and sort of amateurism shown by developers . 
  arenanet : awesome ideas , bad execution . 
  here we go again ... 
  i know that buddy , i admit that it did n't sound like that from that sentence tho . 
  `` i like original tes games '' right after mentioning zenimax was just because i wanted to prevent people from thinking i am tes ( o ) hater or something . 
  why is that ? 
  some people ca n't deal with new boss schedule , even though it 's concept is pretty much same as before , just some events were moved and are not randomized with annoying windows . 
  new version is more organised , but some people hate it ( for some reason , do n't ask me ) . 
  i like everything except new dailies tbh . 
  i liked that one alot , but it probably has something to do with account ip address verification -  alt + tabing from game into e-mail would be way too annoying . 
  no problem about trains , if you want to do it , do it . 
  i have problem with train in queensdale . 
  it should n't be in starter area , it makes bad impression on newcomers . 
  i like gw2 alot , i play it almost daily at least a little bit , but this guy has no idea about the game . 
  it 's good game , but not perfect game . 
  feels more like a pr article than actual review . 
  sorry to say it . 
  that edit killed me !, 
  :d thumbs up . 
  as a pve-er i always turn off chat while playing hotjoins - switching to combat tab does the magic for me . 
  i would go for warrior as the most universal class . 
  ranged is n't that bad , close combat rulez and it 's farily viable in all game modes . 
  submit a ticket to support , you might get lucky . 
  elitist alert . 
  guess you 've never played wow on realm called drak ` thul ( eu ) . 
  but i agree with you - most free to play games have bad ( really bad ) communities , but gw2 is n't free to play at all . 
  i think that buy to play model is good midpoint . 
  celestial weapons . < 3 but what i mostly want is to have these weapons obtainable through the game , not via gem store . 
  :-p i, 
  that is just annoying , but imo it does n't make big changes in the economy . 
  for example me - i am not rich guy , i usually have about 100 gold ( spending on alts , mostly ) and yet i do n't really care about wp prices . 
  i had this sort of moment during summer last year ... but not because of patch . 
  i just could n't find gw2 fun anymore . 
  so i stopped playing it and instead i did the same thing you are doing right now . 
  i came back into tyria during september and for some reason , i was able to find the game fun again . 
  my point is - this pause can be very refreshing gaming experience and who knows , you might come back and enjoy the gw2 with us again . 
  ugh this guy . 
  he starts out with grumpy comment , quickly moves into `` i do n't understand spoken word '' and ends up with mentioning trehearne . 
  i 'd like to get zephyr sanctum as new central/neutral city . 
  no la rebuilding . 
  that clock is amazing idea , looks good overall ... thanks alot . 
  there are no tanks speaking of these old-school trinity tanks from other mmos . 
  that was point of that comment , not saying that there are no tanky builds ( for kiting & wvw , mostly ) ... there are many tanky builds , but not pure tank in that old meaning . 
  chill yo . 
  so ... people ca n't just send a link to a video and let the discussion begin on it 's own ? 
  is that really such a bad thing ? 
  downvotes are in place because it has no relation to topic . 
  posting just a link is pretty normal on any subreddit , so chill out man . 
  i do n't want to sound rude , but i do n't get your rage , not at all . 
  i always stood behind unskilled players , but this `` ascended is op '' circlejerk is really annoying . 
  noobs thinking that ascended is going to fix their bad gameplay skills are real problem . 
  somewhat experienced player who knows the game and it 's mechanics knows that it 's minor difference and he/she realises that he/she can either go for ascended , or just ignore it , because it 's not necessary . 
  gw2 is n't perfect , but gear treadmill definitely is n't the issue . 
  and like others have said - trinkets/rings and weapons are easy to get . 
  the only `` grind like mad '' equipment is armor . 
  i do n't have any ascended armor piece and i am still able to play any content in the game , do n't hide behind these lame excuses . 
  would n't it be awesome to get both ls content for players like you and expansion content for other players ? 
  yes , it would ... but i 'm afraid that ncsoft is not willing to give arenanet needed money for executing such thing . 
  and you know , `` guild wars '' name is based on lore of the game , not pvp mode . 
  to the hype train !, 
  these new weapons look so ... awesome . 
  just awesome . 
  it has been some time since i actually liked new skins . 
  i want whole set of phoenix weapons !, 
  what kind of features from archeage do you mean ? 
  i 've heard alot about it so i watched some gameplay videos and i do n't really see what 's so awesome about it . 
  or randomize them more . 
  about $ 5 per month . 
  wow , that 's amazing . 
  i never knew a thing about origins of some names .
