  i 'm pretty sure he does n't think of it this way . 
  a spider . 
  a spider that kills mice . 
  as central european , i need some time to let that sink in . 
  sometime i think of moving to australia just to avoid all that classic european bullshit such as very cold winters ( below -5 celsius ) , putin vs. eu , ( neo ) nazis , refugee crisis , etc. 
  and then you tell me this ... eh , yeah , each has cons and pros . 
  hah , czech republic . 
  we only had one driver ( enge ) in race conditions and it did n't end up well , so there 's not much f1 nationalism going at all . 
  i was hoping for josef kral going to f1 from gp2 a few years ago , but he did n't have enough backing and was n't that amazing talent-wise to pull it off . 
  i like that he 's honest about this . 
  but as he said - that 's still a big if . 
  that 's the way i got into f1 . 
  my dad has been watching since ever , i just joined him from time to time and well here i am . 
  after entire break full of formula e watching ... god damn theses cars are fast . 
  manor still slowest . 
  it does , actually . 
  yep . 
  i 'd change that personally , but whatever . 
  as of now i like this format ... but i 'm keeping my final judgement for q3 . 
  palmer beat kmag . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  now i 'm really interested how this new format works . 
  it was good in q1 . 
  a bit messy , yeah , but not terrible . 
  with less cars , i 'm not so certain . 
  i feel kinda weird abour rbr livery . 
  i like it from outside , but at least on my low quality stream , onboard it looks almost plain black in this cloudy weather ... not a fan of it . 
  ferrari , if ever , now it 's time to drop all your sandbags . 
  palmer outqualified kmag . 
  i really should go and grab some popcorn . 
  if half second gap is our biggest hope ... eh . 
  my shocking prediction for q3 :, 
  yep , i take it back . 
  i liked concept behind this quali , but in reality it does n't work past horizon of q1 . 
  it would work with much bigger grid with smaller performance margins , but not like this . 
  i agree that some people overreact and spamming `` it 's shit '' does n't even do much for constructive discussion , but let 's be real - final part of q2 was even duller than usual . 
  hell no lol . 
  that 's the worst . 
  ffs rosberg ca n't you just imagine there 's no wdc fight ? 
  yep , let 's bring back original quali format . 
  it 's essentially 2015 with somewhat tighter midfield . 
  yeah , i learned some mechanics on uni and high school , that does n't mean i know shit about designing f1 cars mate . 
  i 've had programming since high school , even now at uni we have it ... that being said , i learned most during first two weeks while working for real company . 
  and i am still learning , way beyond what they still teach me at school . 
  take it easy mate , my experience with reddit is that you should n't judge your votes anyhow , let alone within first hour after posting - first votes are always likely going to be downvotes , for whatever reason . 
  what the hell is going on lately . 
  why so much hate for hamilton even in british media ? 
  that 's kinda new to me . 
  i know he 's not able to drive the car , but he 's alive and not retired from racing , so i guess he fits the rules . 
  humble down to earth guy with great skillset . 
  because vettel is better driver . 
  next question . 
  as brundle said on ted 's notebook - football ( soccer ) has had basic rules set since ever and it still works . 
  we need to stop trying to reinvent the wheel and go back to basics . 
  previous system was perfectly fine . 
  now i was one of those who believed in theory behind elimination system , but as we have seen today , i and few others was terribly wrong . 
  with that in mind , unless you introduce mechanism to punish fastest team ( reverse grid , added weight , etc. 
  ) , which is absolutely against all sporting morales , you wo n't shake up the field by switching qualifying systems . 
  fastest driver should be the one starting from pole . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i was n't sure if it was just my stream being slightly sped up or something , but then i called my dad and he said that they seemed faster even on standard tv programme . 
  format sucked , but cars certainly seemed faster . 
  and now trying to imagine they can get even faster with 2017 regs ... gon na be spectacular to watch . 
  hehe of course . 
  i meant as if video-buffer gets delayed and then tries to make up for time difference by speeding up the video . 
  it happened to me sometimes in earlier twitch streaming days . 
  but considering most people think cars actually looked fast , that definitely was n't the case - luckily . 
  [ bahrain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i681m69pi4m ) as well i guess . 
  omg yes yes yes yes !, 
  yes . 
  holy shit look how much faster that merc is compared to williams . 
  he got away from him like nothing . 
  hamilton vs. verstappen . 
  this should be fun . 
  well , palmer keeps surprising me a bit . 
  dude has some balls . 
  nice defense against bottas . 
  it was oddly satisfying to watch seb overtake lewis like that . 
  even though i know it was all about fresh set . 
  holy shit that mclaren is absolutely wrecked . 
  glad alonso is okay . 
  that was nasty . 
  props to cameraguy for catching all this . 
  anyways i love how f1 went from `` booo '' saturday to `` yaaaay '' sunday . 
  ffs . 
  this is n't looking good . 
  kimi out and i am somewhat doubtful about ferrari 's strategy with seb . 
  ferrari , what the hell are you doing . 
  i love you . 
  come on seb at least second place !, 
  verstappen needs to chill the fuck out , we do n't need another safety car now . 
  feeling bittersweet . 
  this was one of the best season openers since ... hell i do n't even know when i enjoyed a season opener so much . 
  i woke up just 2 minutes before the start , did n't even get to make myself a coffee - was genuinely thinking `` i 'll go back to bed if it sucks . 
  '' , and holy crap i could n't leave the display up until the red flag . 
  and on the other hand , i am dissapointed with seb 's mistake and ferrari 's post redflag strategy ... this was probably the tastiest mercedes one-two , but still ... way to go . 
  ferrari has shown that it 's serious about this season . 
  congratulations to haas , it 's quite an achievement . 
  here 's a thing - i honestly expected to see the old grumpy looking vettel after race that he could have won . 
  instead he got over it fast and was yet again very witty and reasonable during post race interview .
