  i was skeptical but now i 'm aboard bitches . 
  for once the hype delivered . 
  bare in mind he 's emotional fella even when things do n't go his way though . 
  his passionate spirit has it 's dark sides as well . 
  i do n't mind it , some do though . 
  me too but i ai n't really mad lel . 
  driving for team with biggest fanbase helps that . 
  i know many people who despised him , some even do to this date . 
  well you can tell that he 's done being nice about it . 
  he 's right though , without alonso magic they would n't even touch points positions today . 
  read rules of this sub again . 
  spoilers on sub for f1 races are allowed . 
  simple as it is - do n't go to f1 sub if you have n't seen the race . 
  because situation of those drivers is exactly same as is fernando 's , right ? 
  yeah mr. marchionne , they won despite your toxic asshole attitude . 
  great job on their part . 
  because they were cunts . 
   ~ ~ seriously ~ ~ honestly, 
  i do n't say `` fuck them '' , i say `` i do n't care , it 's their problem '' . 
  and as somebody else said , if you have time to browse and complain on reddit , you might as well have time to watch 2 hours of racing . 
  maybe they got ferrari 's previous strategy guy along with allison lol . 
  if hamilton ( great overtaker ) could n't get past considerably slower red bull i doubt bottas would be able to do much against car with equal power . 
  well after she shouted at him and ezra turned and said something along the lines of `` at least your parents are alive . '', 
  she actually wanted to apologise , but ezra just walked away . 
  so i guess her annoyance in that episode really had nothing to do with ezra at all . 
  especially after her `` coming out '' by the end of that episode i think it 's pretty clear why she was so anxious . 
  he does n't do any more cringy flirts , but it 's the little things that make me think he still does . 
  the only thing that did n't really fit into this narrative is that he seemingly was okay with her decision to stay with mandalorians . 
  small tear came into my eye while looking at this . 
  followed by a smile . 
  well done op , have an upvote . 
  i could understand verstappen but wtf why bottas ? 
  he qualified third and finished third in the best car on the grid . 
  barely anything noteworthy , let alone dotd material . 
  people who voted alonso , vettel , hamilton or ricciardo awful - wtf is your reasoning behind these votes ? 
  i 'm extremely underwhelmed by his performance against grosjean so far . 
  like `` wow that was horrible '' kind of underwhelming . 
  i expected more . 
  if he keeps performing like that it 's over for him . 
  [ just wait when he actually hits some popular driver . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kahlwaxs7fi ), 
  kimi was so slow he must hate the car again . 
  if seb gets more than 3 wins this season my prediction competition chances are completely fucked . 
  screw your wdc titles seb , i want my internet bragging points . 
  i do n't remember specifics as it 's been a long while since i 've seen it but just it 's general vibe was way too fanboying about senna and way too dissing about prost . 
  it was made by senna fans for senna fans - now that 's not really a bad thing in the end , but many people who did n't watch/study that era are going to be mislead into believing that prost was pure evil . 
  in general they portrayed senna as all saint and prost as the devil himself . 
  neither was saint , neither was devil , yet both are all time greats and the best of their generation . 
  imagine 2013-esque streak with both cars in 1-2 positions . 
  christian horner 's wet dream . 
  sd801 did n't launch in 2010 . 
  your point stands but it 's more like late 2013/early 2014 until present rather than 2010 until present . 
  seriously , 2010 flagship phones are going to be destroyed by anything in present . 
  after 2014 though ... that 's a different story . 
  wow . 
  underrated move , very underrated . 
  people complain about everything these days . 
  `` that movie is like every other sw movie ! '', 
  ... * lucasfilm comes up with original concept for sw movie * ... `` omg that 's nothing like star wars '', 
  you forgot / r/kotormemes !, 
  poetry, 
  oh , so this guy is still around as well . 
  live commentators would lose their job . 
  just once , to have a taste of that madness ... 
  i 'd like to try it . 
  remember that time saruman had a lightsaber ? 
  yeah , my first thought after seeing that ro trailer was `` eh ... was that thrawn ? '', 
  holy shit guys come on now . 
  i woke up , did n't have a coffee or anything , checked out sub on phone so i did n't even see the redesign and was like ... what the fuck . 
  well played . 
  omfg i hate this day . 
  i got so hyped when i saw this link . 
  this is going to be the best celebration !, 
  i am so glad he comes there , it hurts to think how much shit people give him for stuff he 's not really responsible for . 
  he gave it everything he could and especially in second half of rots he 's absolutely amazing . 
  i hope there wo n't be any assholes shit-talking him . 
  i mean , sure , some sand memes and stuff is okay i guess , but you know those types of guys i am talking about ... 
  i hope they keep it shut , or that crowd overpowers them and gives hayden a cheer . 
  you guys need to understand that when one calls an episode a filler it does n't automatically mean that it was shit as well . 
  it 's just that from that particular person 's perspective it did n't really add much to entire story or character development . 
  i found many episodes of both tcw and rebels to be filler , yet i still enjoyed most of them . 
  that does n't change the fact that they are filler though . 
  one could even argue that the phantom menace is a bit of a filler ( and i say that as somebody who loves prequels too ) . 
  damn that final five 's arc was so good . 
  i need to rewatch it . 
  well i do n't know about his eyes , but yeah , his history is quite rich . 
  [ `` carl !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uzpsgyq4ic ), 
  as a vettel fan ... 
  i agree . 
  seb certainl would n't like fernando next to him . 
  you need a hug . 
  hamilton . 
  that being said , vettel still is damn good . 
  subtle is an understatement imo . 
  he 's always been that way , i guess that 's part of why he 's actually so good at his job . 
  props to seb for correctly pronouncing robert kubica . 
  not `` kubika '' like most other non-slavic speakers say . 
  [ reference for those who missed this beautiful part of f1 history . 
  how to determine whether schumi is drunk :,
