  i 'm not sure if he said something harsh or not , but he really seems to be angry ... for some reason . 
  interesting . 
  this move would be stupid , but still ... unfreezing development is n't same as slowing down mercedes engines on purpose , which some people seem to translate it as . 
  it 's just opening of posibility to catch up ( and yes , it may also lead to even bigger mercedes dominance - but everybody will have a chance ) . 
  yes , renault and ferrari screwed up , but it 's their teams who has to pay the price . 
  horner made a good point about it when he said that other teams had a chance to catch up with their aero advantage , but they do n't have any now , because it 's frozen . 
  btw ... some guys there should elaborate about how big fans and defenders of mercedes they were before they won wcc and became pretty much the best engine manufacturer by serious margin . 
  i 'm just wondering how many of them were die-hard rb fans year before . 
  just saying , you know ... 
  seems better to me than nerfing the crap out of it . 
  considering the age of kimi 's tires , it was pretty unreal to keep fernando behind forever . 
  he did great imo , pretty fun battle between these two . 
  let 's hope he gets over this bad season and rocks in 2015 . 
  bug ... yeah , sure . 
  they also have to consider ways of fixing it , analyse the result of changes ... and that takes time . 
  they could open up even bigger megafarm by changing something . 
  development is n't as simple as some poeple imagine it to be . 
  lots of stuff could go wrong and screw in-game economics for example , even though that 's just worst case scenario - you have to take it into consideration . 
  fixing this after a week is pretty good imo . 
  omg , i know it 's not relevant to gw2 lore , but damn , i need that glint 's gaze mask so i can perfect my tyrian death knight `` cosplay '' . 
  oh come on ... we quickly moved from `` reasonable arguments provided by horner about unfreezing development '' into `` wtf christian , stahp talkin ' shit '' . 
  no , no no ... v8s are not coming back , get over it dude . 
  wtf ... who can do that ? 
  and by looking at webber 's results ( except 2013 when he had really bad reliability ) ... nah , i 'm not going to start over in this crapstorm . 
  why ? 
   with a competitive car, 
  we can say the same about pretty much any driver combo . 
  fuck you too , bernie . 
  he probably does troll us , but f1 would do much better if he actually focused on what 's good for it instead of dropping a shit at fans all the time . 
  i 'm really wondering what makes fernando 's fanboys so toxic towards kimi . 
  are you so butthurt about alonso not getting a decent car so you at least compensate your frustration by bashing kimi ... or what ? 
  if you want old-school raids , do n't play this game , it 's not going to happen anytime soon even though arenanet hired a raid designer . 
  gw2 focuses on story-driven ( not so challenging with some exceptions from time to time ) content , which is mostly built around casual audience , though it 's fair to admit they have gotten way better in terms of mob difficulty and combat mechanics lately . 
  but ... yeah , if you want classic old-school end-game meat , this is n't game for you . 
  it 's a great game and it is still getting better and better , but it is n't made for hardcore raiders . 
  the day alonso fanbase became the most butthurt fanbase in whole current f1 . 
  [ never forget ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjqpuxv1y9a ), 
  good points , nice reading . 
  thanks for that !, 
  mercedes is n't in f1 since 2014 you know , and they were n't the best team back in the days ( heck , not even the second best team ) . 
  yet he still did pretty good and even managed to beat that guy with 7 wdcs . 
  real living legend , not just of the sport , but humanity in general . 
  team finlandgermanymonaco : nico rosberg, 
  it 's boring to be just with people you agree with . 
  living world at it 's best . 
  great job by arenanet when it comes to living up to their original world concept . 
  not sure how about other platforms , but most ab games are free on android with advertisements ... and i can imagine that in-game advertising itself makes enough money when you have milions of players worldwide . 
  i believe that since he was announced . 
  not saying that he 's going to be a big failure , but rb definitely uses it as great pr . 
  gp2 and gp3 regularly . 
  dtm , wrc , formula e , nascar and indycar ( any series ) ... but pretty casually , when it 's up on the tv and i have time , i watch pretty much any motorsport . 
  but i 've got ta admit i 'm not very interested in 2 wheel racing , do n't know why , i 'm just probably one of those few guys who have zero interest in bikes ... 
  seems like pretty standard macau crash though . 
  so ... what are you suggesting ? 
  back in those days they called them `` a party team '' for reason . 
  [ sherlock ] small catch : only works during halloween . 
  fuck you again , bernie . 
  seriously ... i respect him for what he has done in the past - speaking of 20th century and making f1 this huge , he really knew the shit back in the days and we should be grateful for that . 
  but in present ... it 's hard to describe how much i despise `` current bernie '' . 
  so ... when did they officialy announce him to be in ferrari ? 
  i lost my heartbeat after turn 4 for quite a while . 
  somewhat unprofessional from his side , probably not the best way to start a new work relationship ... 
  one of the strongest points of guild wars 2 is that everything is viable . 
  not optimal , but viable . 
  things will change , even nico and lewis were great buddies before championship battle . 
  i 'm not sure about oc possibilites of your i5 , but as far as my experience goes , yes - higher clockrate improves framerate . 
  it may not exactly make your game run 60 + fps in cities , but especially in very demanding conditions it helps to remove some random fps drops , which are sadly well known in gw2 . 
  it 's your game , but i still have to ask - do you really need more than 100 fps in open world and 40 fps in the city ? 
  i ai n't ubisoft employee , but 40 fps in the city seems like pretty damn good framerate to me . 
  why not gw3 with brand new engine ? 
  i thought that facecam was a thing . 
  i do n't have much money , yet i feel good when i send at least that one buck to matt every month . 
  i mean ... seriously , he was providing great content for years and i appreciate it . 
  same goes for wp , i would like to buy him a candle every month . 
  super adventure box standalone game . 
  i 'm gon na make tons of popcorn . 
  both for race and for aftermath ... 
  you can apply filters to exclude some websites though . 
  i think that expansion along with ls could work pretty well if it 's not heavily dependent on main lore of the game - some kind of spin-off in elona for example , which develops as great , yet still secondary storyline about something * . 
  just one huge and epic side-quest ... it can go terribly wrong though . 
  imagine if it made people ignore main ls storyline , that would 've been disaster . 
  i would still love one huge chunk of content , which brings lots of stuff in both for pve ** and pvp/wvw ... even for full game price , i do n't care if it 's good enough . 
  * wp is the lore guy , i have no idea what could lead us into elona , just shooting random cool continent names . 
  ** by pve i mostly mean dungeons with token-based gearsets , just like original gw2 dungeons ... maybe with some kind of hard mode ( gambits ) and unlocking system , in which you have to complete easier dungeons first in order to unlock harder ones ... and harder ones unlock 10 + man dungeons for guilds and stuff ... aww , one can dream , right ? 
  old-school matt casual podcast style !, 
  he 's so formal these days on podcasts . 
  dat driver line-up ... dis gun b gud . 
  oh god ... 
  i almost forgot how bad first season was . 
  it was an experiment by all means , but in the end , i am pretty satisfied with current storyline -  everything forgiven . 
   2014 indeed was much better year for gw2 than 2013 . 
  i still believe that best is yet to come though . 
  exactly , i considered him to be that nice guy since ... pretty much ever . 
  great article . 
  for what ? 
  that article actually made me at least think more about him , i mean as a personality - i have had respect for his driving for a long time . 
  anyways ... i 'm probably going to get downvoted , but i still have to write it - it 's really hard to consider him being thoughtful , sincere and genuine guy when his public acting does n't reflect that . 
  most of his hardcore fans never really met him , so using wb 's article ( which is great insight ) as an argument against past lh 's critics is not fair . 
  people made up their minds based on what they saw in tv/magazines/etc . , just like people made up their minds about any other driver . 
  seriously - would you take `` vettel is a cool fella , we had a talk before gp and he was very nice . '',
