  instead you just see cynical comment how we are n't jumping for that bait anymore . 
  and well well how that turned again . 
  on the other hand though , it seems like he 's really close to stop giving any fucks anymore ... and that could be good thing given how well he performs when he gives no fucks . 
  am i jumping for self-made bait now lol ... 
  i feel like i read similar article like 5 times since last day . 
  just with slightly tweaked headline . 
  last year was amazing overall . 
  one of my favorite years purely from vettel fan 's perspective ... when i compare it to this year i 'm close to tears . 
  well yeah , but f1 is more complicated than turning left every 15 seconds . 
  and then everybody blames seb for it cause heaven forbid if he does n't leave enough space for at least 50 cars in first corner . 
  yep , looking at you hulk . 
  both of them still can win this . 
  there 's no other proper answer to this question . 
  i have special bottle of vodka ready just for that occassion . 
  it 's weird but alonso and vettel fans seem alot closer to each other than they ever have been back in the days when those two fellas were actually fighting for championships . 
  this rivalry for fifth position might actually be rather refreshing and even more friendship bonding lol . 
  probably has alot to do with no championship on the line ... and vettel fans finally understanding how ya guys felt . 
  both sides share cynical banter about losing it horribly too !, 
  sorry but i fail to see how / u/icecoldjessica 's comment is making excuses . 
  vettel sucks this year . 
  satisfied ? 
  just kinda wish you had the guts to admit that about your beloved senpai last year , or especially 2014 . 
  but i 'm asking for too much huh . 
  having just dedicated next song and volume key worked prety quick as well . 
  quicker , yes . 
  more courageous ? 
  they seemed genuinely fast on softs . 
  their supersoft lap pace is out of my understanding . 
  what was it , just 0.006 faster than soft lap ? 
  should have done that years ago . 
  better late than never . 
  i did n't get to watch this race live either . 
  judging by internet going up in flames i am in for a ride . 
  i didnt watch the race yet . 
  why is everybody so mad . 
  just finished it . 
  fucking fuck cunt honestly . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  he better watch his tongue from now on though . 
  even from post race interviews it seemed like he immediately realised how unwise thing that was to say . 
  they might let it go now , but they will focus on these outbursts more from now on . 
  you wear that when watching race all the time ? 
  cause that 's awesome . 
  for once i prefer to believe that bild got their shit right . 
  this is great news if tue. 
  people backed lewis in that incident . 
  literally everybody was on his side . 
  stop making up shit will ya . 
  not mods problem that you are n't checking it . 
  in addition to that you should have been notified about repost anyways ... 
  probably verstappen . 
  it is n't yet though . 
  that 's the point . 
  season is longer than last 10 races . 
  damn . 
  it does . 
  he 's one of the greatest minds of this sport of recent 20 years . 
  having him as sporting director is good reason to get excited about it . 
  people were wishing for his comeback since he left mercedes , it 's just so that now everybody is hyped with so many speculations , hence why do you see people being excited about him . 
  and to add to that defense he was trying to defend it after being pushed off track . 
  imo people better have very low expectations for them next year . 
  ferrari wo n't drag them much further anymore , especially now that they do n't profit from it as they ca n't really use the same loophole as last year . 
  this year already suggested such declining trend . 
  but for starter season i think they did well , even all things considered . 
  what about 80s or 70s kids doe, 
  iirc many young voters did n't even bother voting . 
  many human beings with kids are still horrible people . 
  but i agree , nuclear fear is nowhere near my general fears agenda in 2016 . 
  i am more afraid of us bailing on smaller nato members from europe ( as i live there ) . 
  oddly enough you 're not the first guy around here who thinks that i am american . 
   i am not . 
  but yeah ... people who `` forget '' to go vote and then bitch about outcome irritate me even more than those who vote for outcome i do n't want . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i am afraid of . 
  especially if trump gets the office . 
  he always backs his team even when people shit on them passionately . 
  at least when it comes to pit crews and strategies . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  but coming from him it 's just about as ironic as vettel 's torpedo comments given how he d ~ ~ r ~ ~ ove in malaysia . 
  but does that give him the psychological advantage ( tm ) ? 
  is he hungrier ? 
  multi-fuckyou-one seb . 
  enormous shitstorm on internet that exceeds everything we 've seen so far combined . 
  that one is for sure . 
  other than that , it depends . 
  if they can prove that it was deliberate , he will be disqualified from title battle . 
  you mean when he cuts the corner , gains massive advantage and is not even investigated for doing so ? 
  yep , what a surprise that it makes people slightly angry . 
  / r/2edgy4me, 
  as long as you know how to pronounce it properly . 
  yes , i heard `` frankoys '' many times . 
   they just think daddy stroll payed f3 to give stroll results or whatever the shit, 
  exactly why i am annoyed by these comments !, 
  i mean , sure , nobody denies that there was some preference over him , but he still had to drive that car from start to finish . 
  i just wish that stroll shows them next year that they are in the wrong . 
  just like verstappen properly fucked all those `` he 's too young '' critics that started dismissing him months before his first f1 race . 
  i 'm not really fan or whatever , but this jumping to conclusions in advance is something i really do n't like . 
  that pause after asking him on championship development . 
  you can tell he was slightly struggling to come up with polite answer . 
  that cheeky arm grip by ezra in the end . 
  kid 's growing up hehe .
