  why ? 
  seemed cool to me ? 
  oh it 's already that time of year when ferrari kicks out good employees ? 
  god how time flies amirite ... 
  coulthard , berger , ricciardo , button , vettel ... the list goes on ... ca n't really pick one . 
  force india is a bit lucky that there was major shitstorm between championship contenders , because otherwise this would have been no . 
  1 news all week . 
  pretty chunky stuff lol . 
  yep , di resta is actually good . 
  never really liked him when he was driving , but he does good job when he 's on sky . 
  davidson is cool too , brundle is hands down my favorite f1 pundit , even though i might disagree with him sometimes . 
  ted is okay as long as he 's not talking about something that is about picking sides - when it comes to that i prefer to skip . 
  hill is okay , a bit bland tbh , but okay . 
  it 's just that herbert really lost my respect last year , lazenby seems so unlikable to me ( not rational , i know ) and sadly they keep pinkham mostly in studio these days ( her decision ? ) . 
  crofty i like to make fun of , but when compared to our local commentary i do n't actually find him that bad . 
  sky as a whole is not that bad tbh , making fun of them and hating them is mostly a meme at this point . 
  kinda like star wars prequels . 
  they have their sore points in the team , but it 's not horrible . 
  honestly , what 's the point of those episodes again ? 
  if it 's storytelling it really is bad . 
  and if it 's meant to encourage young girls and get inspired by strong female characters from this universe ... does this really serve it 's purpose ? 
  i mean ... they could have been already inspired by their actually compelling stories and actions in said stories . 
  rey 's , leia 's , padm\u00e9 's , ahsoka 's , sabine 's stories ... they are all great and inspiring for young girls even without these weird mini-episodes . 
  i 'm sorry , i really wanted to like this , but so far it seems like weird waste of effort . 
  edit : for that person who downvoted me ... maybe instead of being salty that i can be a critical fan , provide some arguments or even just basic answers to my questions ? 
  this certainly is n't a complete list for sure . 
  no way they would n't add anakin . 
  when the game features clone wars era . 
  which certainly gives me hopes for ahsoka . 
  `` drinking beer at mclaren 's every day ? 
  really , man of your talents ? '', 
  `` it 's a peaceful life . '', 
  ah , right . 
  maybe he was prepping for fist fight with seb in case he does n't apologise . 
  it 's a spec series , you know ... sure , well executed setup changes and such still make certain cars faster , but it 's straight up incorrect to say that a certain car is the fastest in a spec series . 
  he was n't exactly popular as a driver iirc , but as a commentator he 's well accepted . 
  kinda like di resta . 
  safety director of this race or series has to be fired pronto . 
  on one hand there are many kneejerk reactions with halo covers , but then some racing organisations make such shitty mistakes ... 
  lol what the fuck ?!, 
  to be fair , that was ron 's mclaren still . 
  not current leadership . 
  ron has a reputation of being a dick to people . 
  doubt it . 
  surprised i even had some points from last race 's predictions lol . 
  you even formatted it into well readable form . 
  i salute to you . 
  best content on lewis vs. seb matter since last year 's interview after canadian gp . 
  that kid 's look in the end kills me lol . 
  mercedes is brutally fast on straights . 
  seb has to get ahead before bottas gets into rhytm , that cornering advantage is useless when it comes to overtaking here . 
  * waves hands in italian *, 
  midrace i really looked forward to the end . 
  by the end i wished it had at least 5 more laps lol . 
  what a fucking finish . 
  everybody from front drove really well , not much to point out there i guess . 
  kvyat not doing himself any favors by crashing out red bull car , this wo n't go unnoticed by marko . 
  good drive by grosjean as well . 
  i 'm more impressed that vettel even noticed it . 
  i could n't tell shit without this slowmo lol . 
  whatever ... but i guess it 's fair to say that bottas was very lucky . 
  that 's not how his headrest got loose . 
  [ bottas ' favorite song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swyn7mti6hm ), 
  wo n't save him . 
  it has a nice ring in my heart . 
  not really , first lap , heck first corner ... it 's always tricky there . 
  kvyat fucked up big time and deserves all criticisms out there , but there 's no reason to increase penalties for this specific type of accident . 
  haas is not going to win a race anytime soon , let alone fight for chamopionships . 
  alonso knows that . 
  even if they did approach him , i 'm pretty damn sure he does n't care . 
  i mean this in the least offensive way possible ... 
  i really do n't understand why red bull still keeps him around . 
  256 ms average , on 60hz display when there 's app building in the background , so it could have affected it a bit i guess ... still okay tho , expected worse tbh . 
  there are many factors as others have already stated , but the most important one for me is the flow of the track . 
  if going on a track fullspeed feels like you 're on the best rollercoaster you can imagine ( without loops and shit of course ) - then it 's a great track . 
  good example is baku , i really love that tracks second and third sector . 
   absolutely, 
  i appreciate the honesty lol . 
  i believe that applies to all f1 drivers really . 
  on one hand people want real personalities , on other hand once driver is n't all smiles and jokes all the time he 's the devil himself . 
  quite fitting from a guy who never admitted his fault in any incident . 
  if this happens i feel like i 'll have to do something crazy because holy shit wow lol wtf . 
  i ca n't really imagine mclaren-ferrari combo . 
  and i am doubtful that ferrari is interested in giving mclaren current spec power unit . 
  and would mclaren accept old units ? 
  surely they are better than honda , but they wo n't get much past that point either . 
  does the bible say something about hashtags ? 
  schumacher pairing no matter who is next to him tbh ( as long as that driver is n't a complete potato ) . 
  really ? 
  i enjoyed first few races more than austria for example . 
  i certainly hope so that sochi remains this season 's lowest point though . . 
  i actually kinda liked all v6 hybrid era seasons despite none of my favorites winning much if at all ... 2004 gets the top spot in my books i guess . 
  and i say that as a schumacher fan . 
  2014 had cars ugly as fuck and we all experienced a massive shock with sound and lowered speeds , but i think overall the racing was really solid . 
  exactly lol , even hardcore tifosi already gave it a rest and out of nowhere autosport talks shit . 
  they sure took their sweet time to release that article . 
  which is kinda funny given that it provides no interesting further analysis besides `` i have an ( delayed ) opinion and here 's why you should care . '', 
  reminds me of that classic :, 
  a : you okay now ?!, 
  b : yeah .
