  thanks op , 
  you got me curious . 
  what is the `` other thing '' ? 
  or those 50 before her . 
  5 minute ride ? 
  bruh , do n't underestimate mighty jb . 
  he has issues with understeer after all , not oversteer . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  dunno , imo his only truly poor race was britain . 
  do n't exactly see a trend there tbh . 
  at least for now . 
  door kickers, 
  thanks op , 
  this . 
  and it 's also not like he was driving a slow car in le mans either . 
  in fact he had the best machinery + 2 good teammates that won it just as much as he did . 
  surely he has talent , but he is overrated , even ( or especially ? ), 
  when it comes to his le mans achievement - it does n't work like f1 , he was n't the only one standing on top spot . 
  i like to believe that kimi 's performance shows that seb really could have been somewhat close to merc boys ... if this year did n't go the way it did so far . 
  i am biased , i know . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure . 
  well , there is that one thing the sizzler did n't show ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  based filoni picking up the best of eu and bringing it back to canon life . 
  i repeat myself once again , but what a time for star wars fans this is . 
  endless christmas . 
  omg this ca n't really get any better . 
  it has to be . 
  it always is . 
  295 - sir you are being hunted, 
  thank you !, 
  they look like combination of dark troopers and those newer cylons from modern bsg . 
  hopefuly the show proved itself and disney raised the budget . 
  that would be amazing as rebels really need some more budget . 
  tcw beats it in this regard so much as lucas was pouring his own money into it . 
  they shown this clip on celebration and seemed pretty cool about it , even joked that a guy in kanan cosplay probably is n't happy to see that . 
  i am not sure they would be this cool about spoiling major characters death just like that . 
  with that in mind - no idea how , but he will survive that . 
  force and stuff ukno . 
  the fact his drive in monaco saved the entire team seals him as a great in my memory . 
  sure there was some luck involved , but luck can only do so much too . 
  those points saved the entire team , which is what , 100 + people 's dream jobs ? 
  the fact manor was able to go through rough 2015 and now has much better performance package is very uplifting - and for the sake of jules ' legacy i hope they will only improve in the future . 
  as long as manor is still up there and racing , his legacy will be alive . 
  what 's up with people in this thread trying to counter-argument kimiquokka with reasonable stuff . 
  there really should be a disclaimer in his/her flair or something lol . 
  save your edgy shit for other discussions please . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  amazing stuff , thank you !, 
  spec ops please  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  come get some !, 
  thank you . 
  the man has gone through some unbelieveably rough stuff . 
  i 'd love him to stay but either way i understand if he does n't feel like working in such a stressful environment anymore . 
  if that means he 's leaving by his own decision . 
  laptop will very likely get hot and crank up the fan up to max anyways ( if it really stops you from gaming on it - to each their own ) . 
  you 'll just get even better fps . 
  tried it for 3 months , but it lacked many nuclear blast label bands ( or showed just a fraction of their songs ) that i really love listening to . 
  also i found ux much worse than with spotify . 
  especially when it came to windows client . 
  on os x it was a little bit better , but still lacked some music i like - even though that music was available for buying on itunes , it was n't available for apple music subscribers . 
  that 's a big nope to me tbh . 
  amazing giveaway , thanks op !, 
  thanks !, 
   the battery is 3 hours only , ** but that 's normal for any macbook sadly **, 
  that 's just not true mate . 
  695 for borderlands !, 
  i take it you meant 501-1000 and it was just a typo , 
  thank you for doing this !, 
  still more power . 
  especially if you need it on constant rate , not with power spikes . 
  i am seriously doubtfull that halo could withstand the force an entire flying car applies to it . 
  which was the case in all three situations . 
  sucks that this comment is the only attention you 'll get this week . 
  holy crap this looks seriously good . 
  codemasters took that shitstorm to heart . 
  i would n't mind that at all . 
  it 's the little things that make a difference . 
  very nice to see that there is so young generation that still sees f1 drivers as their heroes . 
  gives you some hope for the future of this sport . 
  4 times wdc seb - never forget . 
  that compilation of vettel 's season hurts me physically . 
  he needs to pull some hammertime too . 
  because italian is so sexy . 
  one can send you to hell in italian and it still sounds like he 's telling you a love story . 
  probably just skyitalia interview that they used . 
  our icehockey team is famous for it too . 
  each nation has their `` for sure '' . 
  not like charlie is responsible for these restrictions though . 
  at least keep this shit for qualifying discussion thread . 
  probably because finns just do n't say anything if they have nothing to say hehe . 
  lol wow . 
  got ta admire their professionalism then - they always seemed like a great friends on screen . 
  there are literally no similarities between them aside from similar armor and dark side . 
  holy shit these are some hardcore conditions . 
  you want a fun race ? 
  take this order as a final one lol . 
  yeah . 
  do i care ?
