  because he 's a nice kid ? 
  that 's not how it works . 
  and trust me , i like kmag . 
  and it 's not like people were n't criticising mclaren ... especially for telling him to go elsewhere over email on his birthday . 
  kind of like vettel 's malaysia last year lifted ferrari hopes of challenging mercedes , right ... might happen here and there , but not on regular schedule . 
  they seem pretty settled in 3rd in constructors to me . 
  darth vader marvel series are my favorite by far , tried first issue for lols and got hooked immediately . 
  and that 's coming from a guy who does n't really like comics . 
  one of my friends that went to premiere with me was dissapointed because he wanted to see some mad lightsaber action in pt style . 
  i liked tfa , but hopefully completely trained rey and kylo will deliver more mad fighting skills in viii . 
  not too mad , just slightly more satisfying to watch . 
  you mean dark fader ? 
  vettel . 
  no deep special reason , i just like the guy . 
  they should ease off a bit . 
  they were pretty humble before the season started , but this could easily backfire on them . 
  he did n't bang her so much lately then ... 
  it 's crazy how planted that red bull was . 
  people who pull out mary sure crap ( especially when it 's not even relevant to the topic ) all the time seem to be some kind of new generation of pt haters . 
  what 's up with former drivers suddenly talking crap ... 
  i think you can be a douchebag and love your family at the same time . 
  i 'm just saying though , i do n't know shit about kanye so i ca n't judge . 
  lol , dude 's now also hiding behind his wife 's back ? 
  okay , so much for rest of my respect for the guy . 
  well , they do this several times in the clone wars series , so doing this definitely is canon . 
  dude ice hockey is pretty much the only international competition in which we czechs are worth mentioning , but nevertheless those guys simply were assholes . 
  passionate , yes , but assholes . 
  what did he say ? 
  i went away from screen to make some coffee . 
  what the heck . 
  now that 's how you do f1 costumes . 
  come on now !, 
  hopefully seb and ferrari know what they 're doing ... 
  all right seb , now it 's time to channel your end-of-2013-self . 
  what a fucking disgrace by ferrari and their drivers . 
  what a chance that was with hamilton removed from the front ... 
  disappointment aside , 2015 quali system is the best , period . 
  and things are very well set for interesting race tomorrow . 
  even the worst episode of all ( tpm imo ) is still much better movie than most scifi adventure movies out there . 
  it 's all about personal tastes i know , but most of the so loved marvel movies are imo uncomparably dumber and flawed than generally hated episode 1 . 
  there are only few that are decent at least ( winter soldier was great though ) . 
  heck i know people who like pt more than ot . 
  the pt hate is mostly based on years old internet circlejerk - it 's the same thing as when people hated batman vs. superman 6 months ahead of it 's release simply because the general idea was like that . 
  i just hope sequel trilogy wo n't face the same issue as time goes , because god damn i know the hate for pt was n't as big before the golden internet meme times . 
   `` hamill was the exact same age as alec guinness was when he played obi-wan . 
  i 'm looking at him in the robes , and with the john williams music , i start to tear up , and i know that this ending could really work . '', 
  man , jj is such a fan ... he should get to direct another star wars . 
  now all without relying on originals , which is also nice he acknowledges that criticism . 
   i think , if it was n't a star wars movie , more people would like it because they would n't be expecting a certain formula . 
  exactly what i think of entire prequel trilogy tbh . 
  honestly , there are only two things i hate about knights of the ren theoretically replacing sith fulltime ... is the history and even more - coolest title of all cool titles . 
  darth is much cooler sounding than ren . 
  but whatever , the idea behind it stays pretty much the same . 
  except for one part - with knights of the ren we might actually give up on the rule of two ( to a certain extent ) , and that could lead up to some cool stuff . 
  imagine lightsaber battle in style of swtor trailers , where ren 's bash with new jedi 's ... 
  so ... yeah . 
  partially i hate that sith might actually be gone for good , but ren 's can provide some fun dark side stuff too . 
  two legends , actually . 
  as / u/wongie said , you do n't have to like ron , but one just ca n't deny his place in f1 . 
  he seems to be very humble and shy guy , sucks that he 's not that good on track , i 'd cheer for him otherwise . 
  lol never change helmut . 
  man if rosberg does n't win it this year ... 
  speed limit applies after the place where he overtook them . 
  it should be , yes . 
  edit : ooh , you probably mean due to sc . 
  well ... 
  i have no idea then . 
  vettel sure hates his frontwings . 
  i hope there wo n't be any more stuff going off that front wing , otherwise rip seb 's race ... for good reasons i stopped believeing into ferrari gambles . 
  f1 is on fire on sundays this year . 
  i love it . 
  world, 
  champion, 
  on any public road . 
  it 's really crazy to think even after all this shit we might still get rosberg , vettel and hamilton on podium lol . 
  it certainly feels less sour when it 's so much fun though . 
  ricciardo you mighty man !, 
  come on kimi , get them both . 
  ooooooooh yeah , this is what i 'm talking about . 
  is ferrari sponsored by microsoft or did they actually buy all these surfaces for their use ? 
  nah mate , his tyres are gone . 
  i enjoy people overtaking him , but it 's not because he 's bad today or something - he does the best he can with what he 's given at the moment . 
  yep . 
  i do n't hate on him for this tbh . 
  i just hope vettel sees the replay and apologises , i really do n't feel like discussing this for another two weeks . 
  i do n't agree with vettel , kvyat was right in this . 
  vettel acted like an ass here , but i still think people are losing their shit for no big reason . 
  it 's not like he punched kvyat or something , during their talk on podium they even smiled on occassion , i doubt vettel is as bitter about it as some of you think he is . 
  he stated his opinion on the matter and wanted to talk through it with kvyat . 
  i think it 's more about winning and losing together with his \\ #teamlh fans . 
  always got that vibe from his twitter . 
  your fault , not op 's . 
  i 've experienced worse . 
  it was pretty action packed race , it was much easier to get lost today than on most other races . 
  especially during certain points of last season it was painful , not today . 
  thanks for your comment , there has to be some balance in opinions . 
  vettel did overreact alot . 
  but so do people on this sub now . 
  some old wounds from 2013 have been opened it seems . 
  i kind of like vanilla ice cream tbh .
