  the car obviously did n't have the pace against mercedes , but it still had potential for better results than vettel over the course of season achieved . 
  he tried too much to compensate for lack of car 's pace and made mistakes that ultimately meant that he had considerably less points than were possible with that car . 
  car was the trigger of 2016 's poor results , but his approach made it even worse . 
  more money , better conditions for himself , kimi as teammate ... there are more things to a contract than just signing it and be done with it . 
  hamilton did n't exactly negotiate his new merc contract in a week either . 
  or was it rosberg ? 
  that 's fair now that i think fo it ... in 2014 he was mostly just off the pace . 
  in 2016 he made really dumb mistakes . 
  lol . 
  way to go fia . 
  all of them . 
  i would n't hope for monza win much . 
  that 's a track where mercedes should have one of the biggest advantages over them ... his best chances are as you said - hungary , singapore , malaysia , potentially suzuka ( first two sectors are very technical ) ... 
  nope . 
  lauda 's comeback was pretty significant . 
  surely , in smaller timeframe , but still a big deal . 
  dude was burning in a car . 
  he likes to stir too much shit these days , but one simply has to respect how he coped with those injuries back then . 
  yeah , it 's absolutely amazing . 
  hunt was n't the only one with big balls back in the days . 
  annual half-year company meetings ( parties ) are always during a week and not on friday or weekend just so that we do n't get too drunk and buy some expensive shit on company 's account . 
  that being said , i drank so much beer ( as ricciardo said , free alcohol ) that i can barely do any work today lol . 
  i thought so too . 
  i was expecting major raging , all he did was one radio stating that max moved under breaking ... and he was n't even shouting in his standard fashion . 
  i think that marchionne had some serious talk with him after baku , so he might have tried to control that temper a bit since . 
  still prefer them . 
  not aesthetically , but i find it easier reading what they say . 
  now this is quite something lol . 
  i ordered a new phone two days ago and checked that i wanted a delivery via private courier ( faster and more reliable than national post office ) . 
  they sent it via national post office anyways , but whatever . 
  this morning a postman called me about completely different delivery for completely different person , about 200km away from place where i live . 
  said that everything checked out , just phone number probably got scrambled up . 
  whatever then . 
  later that day i get an sms from national post service that they could n't reach me and saved a package on local post office ... i was at destination address all day , so i naturally wanted to complain ... opened online package tracking and found out that they tried to deliver it to somebody 300-400 freaking kilometres away . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  thankfully i did n't pay in advance , so that person did n't feel like paying 350 euros for something ... and i just sent a request for them to deliver it again to my address . 
  at least they do n't ask for extra money for issuing that request . 
  got ta love public services . 
  thanks . 
  if carrier used shipping method that i picked none of that would happen at all lol . 
  hopefully they get it right second time . 
  man i love how that engineer described a deer . 
  pure meme material before memes were even a thing . 
  now that i think of it ... 
  i 'd love to see kmags engineer with vettel . 
  to be fair valsechi never was f1 material . 
  i find women in those old-school racing clothes strangely hot . 
  after many years . 
  if you take so much time it essentially does n't mean much . 
  look at palmer - same story . 
  his entire role in rbr is so confusing to me since 2014 . 
  i feel like one month he 's the boss of aero department and the other he 's just a consultant . 
  as does everybody else besides fia ... and maybe ferrari , if said rumors are true . 
  motogp is dangerous as fuck , certainly way more than f1 was in last 20 yeas . 
  probably even before that ( i do n't really know history of two-wheel racing that well to be honest ) . 
  yet nobody seems to be losing their shit and doing retarded kneejerk moves when somebody dies there . 
  it 's tragic , yes , but it 's a dangerous sport and they enter it voluntarily . 
  i just do n't get it , why does only f1 have to approach it like it 's a sport for 5 year olds . 
  i think it was right move to implement 18 years limit for entering the championship exactly because of this - these people racing are adults doing it in their free will , they know the risks and odds . 
  just make it a damn simracing contest if you want 100 % safety . 
  edit : or just do n't put fucking jcb on track when there are cars in 150 + km/h speed . 
  let 's be fair , every major driver has fans like this on the web . 
  i 've seen this kind of shit under ferrari posts as well . 
  good thing there 's a hungary race just next week then . 
  he has the biggest social media following ... naturally there will be more dickheads than in other camps . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  old-schoolers from this sub will tell you that quality of discussion went down as more people came as well . 
  god damn it op now there 's coffee all over my laptop . 
  this is one of the most quality shitposts i 've seen in a while . 
  well done . 
  i like it more than halo , yes ... and i honestly think i 'd accept it easier than halo . 
  but i 'm still not a fan . 
  mate you 're using android . 
  not like google is doing anything different than ms in windows 10 . 
  well , unless you avoid google services completely . 
  i 've seen multiple opinions positive about halo that were upvoted , including this one you 're replying to . 
  just because something is majority 's opinion does n't mean that minority automatically has to be the bullied side of conflict . 
  mercedes pr team does n't seem to give a fuck lately . 
  good on them !, 
  kubica confirmed chooochooo bitches, 
  what is hype may never die, 
  no shit sherlock . 
  he 's been part of that prestigious club for quite some while already . 
  he 's `` just '' gaining ranks amongs the best of the best . 
  so they are going to develop their stuff in 3 years and then fuck everybody else just like they did in f1 with v6 hybrids ... that should work . 
  ca n't wait for buxton 's view on this . 
  i think of him similarly as i do think of bernie . 
  true legend of the sport who deserves a ton of respect for their former achievements and what they did for the sport ( or mclaren ) . 
  but times have changed . 
  we all grow old and at certain point it simply is better to step aside and let new generation deal with things . 
  lol . 
  he 's lucky enough to still have that seat . 
  for now . 
  i 've seen this gif so many times , and this is the first time i realised that there 's a girl right next to camera . 
  and she 's pretty hot . 
  drivers spray each other or their teamsperson regularly , even when said teamsperson is a woman . 
  chill out mate . 
  now whether it 's necessary to have girls standing and clapping there , that 's a whole different topic ... but i do n't think spraying them makes anything worse . 
  easiest way to tell whether driver manages his ig by himself : does he like chick posts ? 
  now that i chilled out ... yeah , probably .
