  that 's because those mclaren 's were rockets . 
  stupidly unreliable rockets , but rockets . 
  marciello is okay , but for f1 you should be more than that . 
  he had good run before , but lost his form in gp2 - that 's fairly reasonable proof that he probably is n't f1 , let alone ferrari worthy . 
  and yes , i know there are worse drivers who got to race in f1 ... 
  there is something about seeing red bull go classic blue shade again . 
  closest track to my house is motocross dirt track . 
  i guess it would look pretty cool , if the cars and drivers could survive it . 
  edit : as for `` actual road race track '' ... brno autodrom it is , look at motogp races from there and you 'll get the idea . 
  it 's okay track , but not f1 grade track and i 'm afraid nobody in our country can afford to host f1 race without going into brutal debt with all that rebuilding and paying to bernie . 
  it 's just the way he is . 
  get used to it . 
  remind me who won most championship over last ten years ... hmmm . 
  oh come on , this long curved part of the track is one of my favorite parts . 
  i really like current monza layout , no need for fixing something that 's not broken . 
  but hey - this does n't have to be f1 layout , right ? 
  wow , oh , well ... that 's rather unexpected . 
  honestly , even as vettel fanboy , i do n't think i can agree on this . 
  what i can easily agree on is that he has that type of team attitude when he works close with the team on everything , even if it 's just little things such as cleaning up stuff after race , or helping to move car on the truck in testing session , etc. 
  it boosts morale in the team and as far as we could 've seen , he can also accepts being beaten by teammate , as he was n't really bitter about ricciardo or something - but hey , maybe that was just because there was no title on the road . 
  i do n't think so though . 
  he 's that type of guy who would do nonstop testing around the track if he could , just like schumacher did . 
  that 's something i just do n't see in lewis , and maybe not so much in fernando as well . 
  you can easily call me out for bullshit as it 's ** just my personal opinion ** , but i can assure you i know it so chill out ... 
  but , what i do n't really think webber is right about , is the raw racing quality . 
  i think he probably could beat lewis and fernando over single lap time , but when it comes to racecraft , as much as i do n't like to say it , i think both alonso and hamilton are better . 
  they are better to the point when you ca n't even say he 's on the same level , let alone the best as overall driver package . 
  funny you say it that way because that was still maldonado 's best season by far haha . 
  i might be naive , but at the end of the day i do n't think they say this stuff in order to make themselves look better , or at least not in first place . 
  the same applies on that sweet talk between lewis and fernando back in the days . 
  and when he said :, 
   but those three [ vettel , hamilton and alonso ] are on a very , very , high level . 
  i took it as he meant they are all on very high level racing skills-wise , but it 's vettel 's `` other '' skills that make him better overall . 
  which i disagree with . 
  that being said though , by no means i 'm saying you 're wrong - you have a good point . 
  started out with niresh yosemite , but soon found out that in order to use latest xcode , i needed to update yosemite . 
  decided to skip yosemite updates and go straight to clean el capitan goodness . 
  i was a bit skeptical , but after some reading and using good old try-fail method i got it working just the way i want ... well , except wifi and vga , but i ca n't do much about that on software side . 
  my next laptop will be macbook anyways , but i wanted to go with hackintosh in order to learn ios development now as i have some free time after successful finals at uni . 
  i do n't use bluetooth , so as far as my user experience goes , everything apart from wifi and vga port is working . 
  i 'll go with hdmi and probably search for some alternative wifi card . 
  so far i really like os x , maybe except the window management . 
  good stuff , big props to guys at tonymacx86 and specifically rehabman , that man is awesome , doing all this stuff for noobies such as me . 
  even touchpad works like charm - not as good as original macbook trackpad , but still better than how it worked on windows , which is a bit ... hehe . 
  i 'll probably have to dualboot it with windows though , visual studio code is a joke and i need me some proper . net development tools as well . 
  thanks !, 
  for your own sake i hope it goes better than mine , at certain point i was on the edge of giving up haha . 
  good luck mate . 
  core i5 3230m , hd4000 , 4gb ram and antiglare fullhd display - it 's not ips , but as far as laptop tn panels go , this is probably one of the best looking . 
  it also has geforece 740m ( 64bit bus version ) , but for os x i just decided to disable it and not bother . 
  and i moved standard hdd to optical drive position and bought crucial mx100 as primary drive instead . 
  god . 
  i love you . 
  based on wakelock detector it 's yet again some update for google play services that made them eat up cpu time in big style . 
  noticed it too lately . 
  no idea how to fix it . 
  do you listen to music on your phone ? 
  one thing that got on my nerves with cm12 was that phone kept rebooting every half hour or so when i was listening to music , no matter if i did something else on the phone or not . 
  it got even worse when the phone was switching between bts very often ( while travelling by train etc. ) . 
  i 'd like to go cm13 but i am afraid of facing this rebooting madness yet again . 
  i 've heard the stability and camera quality went up big time lately , but i 'd like to hear it from actual user . 
  thanks for your input . 
  i 've been running it for about 12-15 hours and it still feels good and stable as i am yet to encounter some kind of reboot or crash - just settings fced once when i disabled click sounds and vibrations , but app still worked afterwards . 
  something i honestly could n't say about any aosp/cm lollipop rom - i 'm very surprised , even the snapdragon camera provides actually good photos and stands fairly close to stock standards . 
  mind = blown, 
  hopefuly i wo n't be disappointed later on . 
  there 's something about checo , i 've never been exactly a fan , but over time i kind of got into liking him anyways . 
  whilst i do realise some of his former bosses downtalked him for not being very good at teamwork etc. , to me he seems like okay driver , and great guy with all that charity work he does without even mentioning it . 
  my favorite moment of him certainly is that canada 2012 podium , which brought tears into peter sauber 's eyes . 
  great moment . 
  happy birthday to him !, 
  as others have said , ratzenberger is n't forgotten . 
  at least not by true fans of the sport - the fact some casual fans do n't know the man is okay imo , i casually watch nhl , but to be honest i do n't know any names apart from the big stars . 
  that 's just normal . 
  for us , f1 fans , he 's not forgotten , and never will be . 
  wanted to bash you for shoehorning ferrari/seb bullshit in there , but then checked your username ha . 
  why do you think so op ? 
  pastor was off the track and then he drove back into lewis . 
  hamilton could have left more space , but that 's not how racing works . 
  this video shows difference in driver qualities between rosberg and maldonado though , maldonado would 've repeated this move anytime , rosberg knows how stuff works and that it 's dumb to drive into guy , even if he sort of forced you off the track in first place . 
  again , that 's racing . 
  great to see people acknowledging he 's not perfect but he 's still a great guy - like most drivers after all . 
  sometimes i feel like people either love him way too much or hate him way too much . 
  exactly , this is just 1 example . 
  care to provide some more ? 
  i mean , my g2 is 2 years old and stil running just fine . 
  i think it was broken shoulder actually . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/motorsport/formulaone/redbull/8185150/mark-webber-hides-broken-shoulder-suffered-while-mountain-biking-from-red-bull-team.html ), 
  he broke his leg earlier in the season iirc . 
  i have to give him that he has serious determination , not an easy nut to crack , this webbah . 
  to be fair , webber in 2013 was n't quite as good as webber in 2010 . 
  he was on par with vettel performance wise during solid part of 2010 . 
  also , that 2013 red bull was dominant just in the second part of the season , and it 's pretty hard to get a win when your teammate is absolutely killing it with that car - and let 's not forget that ridiculous amount of bad luck he got , including multi21 as he really should have won that race . 
  also , to counter to your point you are making here and in other comments , if webber is not eligible to comment on maldonado after 9 gp wins , i do n't really know what makes you feel being the right person to downtalk him and his achievements which are still significant . 
  i already put up my thoughts in similar thread so i 'll just [ link it there ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/3yz7za/a_discussion_about_relative_performance_of_the/cyid6e7 ) . 
   unless ferrari really pulled out some magical aero stuff from that extra windtunnel time , they probably will stay behind mercedes as they also have somewhat worse driver lineup , but i do expect even tighter gap between them - or at least i hope so . 
  both ferrari and mercedes should have great advnatage over the rest though . 
  battle for third and lower is where it really gets interesting . 
  personally , i think it 's going to be damn close between red bull and toro rosso , maybe ( just maybe ) mclaren . 
  overall i think it 's going to be red bull - str will lose over time with less aero development and i just do n't believe in mclaren as of now , i will when i see it - just bare in mind they were fairly optimistic even last year .
