  imagine how would that look if he crashed into the wall ... because of being mad . 
  yep , he 's doing it since his first race . 
  i 've seen this coming . 
  it 's not this subreddits fault that lewis says stupid stuff almost every race weekend . 
  lotus feels so different this year . 
  in terms of f1 i find one of the best communities there . 
  most places are just full of fanboyistic rage , but here it 's kinda calm most of time . 
  he did n't seem that bitter to me this time , i think he was joking ... or is that just me ? 
  i still believe there once will be day when monster energy racing will be a huge rival fo red bull racing . 
  red bull took their time to grow into that position too , so will do monster ... sports in general attract lots of people and this is amazing opportunity for advertising and doing something awesome at the same time . 
  but yeah - red bull f1 project as whole is probably 50 % passion for f1 and 50 % advertising . 
   he should be the man in charge drawing up the rules . 
  that 's the dream . 
  i saw your comment after i 've already posted mine . 
  but well done , keep those fires burning !, 
  i do n't want to jump on another arenanet hate train ... but come on . 
  an mmorpg without dungeons ? 
  i know that guild wars 2 was meant to be a huge evolution , but this is too much . 
  dungeons are the essence of this entire genre and i always believed that we will eventually get new ones . 
  now i just feel like ... 
  i just feel like this game does n't have anything to offer for me in long-term playing , i 'll just casually jump in for guild missions , wvw tournaments and living story instances . 
  and that 's not much compared to what other mmos offer . 
  seriously - no personal hatred towards arenanet , just huge disappointment . 
  this game had so much potential to rule the mmo genre , heck even to strike down world of warcraft ( talking serious , the potential was here ) . 
  but it failed , even though it definitely does n't mean that guild wars 2 is dead - it is n't , it 's just that it 's not what i wanted it to be . 
  my exact thoughts , i do n't want to stir this up or overly think about it , but arenanet seems to be having somewhat tought times in terms of pr . 
  what a great way to celebrate second anniversary ... 
  crazy week for arenanet continues ... well , we still have whole sunday , so ... what or who is next ? 
  just to clarify - guild wars 2 was in development state since 2007 . 
  so she was n't there since start , yet she played an important part in later development . 
  feel free to make a thread about fixing wvw , this is dungeon thread . 
   i think there has been a lot of overreacting , but for the most part i think we are seeing ** understandable reactions ** from disappointed players . 
  yeah , it 's not like on official forums where people literally spam deathwishes or bankruptwishes ... that 's way too much . 
  this subreddit is still pretty constructive , yet all that disappointment just ca n't be hidden . 
  i was overreacting in some threads too , i admit it , but come on ... last few days it was just disappointment after disappointment . 
   if it \u00b4 s at ncsoft level ... that \u00b4 s slightly concerning . 
  especially considering that wildstar ( i hate comparing these two games , but ... ) has pretty transparent roadmaps , development and patch notes . 
  if that 's coming from ncsoft , it 's not fair - neither for arenanet and players of guild wars 2 . 
  eveyrthing else aside - i like that arenanet started communicating with us . 
  if people on forums colaborate with them and keep it on somewhat calm & constructive level , it might go well for both players and developers . 
  jedi knight class confirmed , we 're going to space in living story season 3 . 
  looking forward to new set of shouts `` may the force be with you ! '', 
  giving 25 stacks of might for 30 seconds and `` i have a bad feeling about this '' giving you 60 seconds of empowered swiftness ( 70 % speed boost ) ... and do n't forget the `` i am your father '' , which makes everybody else around you to scream `` noooo '' and run away - so fear effect basically , but much cooler . 
  soon \u2122 . 
  these people are utterly stupid retards . 
  as vettel 's fan i can tell you that this is n't hurtin the driver himself , but also his fanbase ... alot . 
  they tend to forget they are people too and nico did n't deserve it , yes , he knocked out lewis , but there is no way it was intentional . 
  pure racing incident , that 's just what happens . 
  they do n't even realize how much is this hurting f1 in general , when you get stuff like that during moments , which are meant for celebration . 
  such bravery , to stand in huge crowd and boo , boo , boo . 
  loved ej 's words on that . 
  imagine the worst shitstorm ever ... it 's worse . 
  remember when toto was working on his `` macho f1 team leader '' image , pushing his `` we let them race no matter what '' ? 
  well , it turns out , when you let them race no matter what , this stuff simply happens . 
  he has racing experience from driver 's point of view , he should know that . 
  okay op , flames aside - i 'm genuinely interested how would you feel if you just went through stressful race and all you get is hatred and booing from crowd . 
  would you be okay about it , `` because it 's part of the sport '' ? 
  there are drivers i do n't like , in the past were many incidents which were stupid ( and supposed , which is huge difference ) , yet i never thought about booing at any driver . 
  and that pr argument ? 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  what is the connection between kimi swearing from time to time and people booing drivers ? 
  did kimi particulary call his fans to be absolutely lame , useless and dumb ? 
  because that 's basically what booing means towards drivers . 
  your argument is n't working there . 
  that 's not about elitism , that 's about being an intelligent fan - and f1 fans were considered to be somewhat above this crap for such a long time . 
  it wo n't harm the sport itself , but it will lower the f1 image to basic football level . 
  what 's next ? 
  riots and fist fights between fans ? 
  because that 's part of some sports too , you know . 
  nope - it 's exactly opposite , alonso as much more experienced driver knew that it 's not allowed to defend like that , so he counted on kevin backing off after he commits on the inside of upcoming turn . 
  kevin did n't and there you go - fair penalty . 
  meesa would be so happy !, 
  meesa inspiring developers !, 
  i would like to hear your opinions on this matter , personal feelings about lewis/nico aside please . 
  is it really any different ? 
  there is real chance if mercedes struggles to get their drivers straight - they might give team orders , but nobody guarantees they will follow . 
  just trying to imagine such thing ... that would be absolutely sensational . 
  was n't that just a `` delay '' between nico and valtteri ? 
  i never have anything good to come up with in trash talks , but damn i love reading those threads !, 
  aaaaaaargh . 
  rosberg is finnish !, 
  and monaceainan or something . 
  still pretty relevant for new players , not so for people who play since launch ... there are things , which are n't true anymore , especially that part about dungeons . 
  it 's not like i hate him or something , i just ... 
  i have no reason to like him . 
  try harder , nobody enjoys obvious trolls . 
  it was n't just massa 's fault and you know it . 
  dat butthurt #teamlh member tho . 
  nice qol stuff , i am very interested into these performance improvements . 
  matt had some real life stuff which forced him to make less content ( also connected with his health ) . 
  also the views of vw were dropping ( did n't do the math , but matt said that on one of his streams ) ... so , yeah . 
  i miss vw too , no matter what they talked about , it was fun . 
  [ aurora peachy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/aurorapeachy/videos ) does podcast-ish type of content too ( guildgab ) , just in case some of you do n't know . 
  general sound quality is not as good as it 's in visualwood for example , but content is good . 
  there might be limitations appliked to addon system to prevent stuff like that , but to modify and clean up ui using addons ( if they do n't allow us to do so via game settings ) would be great . 
  also , `` playing game itself for you '' was most of time done by macros , not by addons . 
   wow attracts a much more immature crowd because it is like the `` go to '' mmorpg for casual gamers, 
  wow attracts much bigger crowd , which also means attracting immature crowd . 
  the bigger crowd you have , the bigger are chances to find trolls there , it 's a side effect of being a popular game . 
  gw2 trolling is mostly about kicking and chat abusing .
