  i agree with you , f1 should definitely go to fb . 
  indycar and fe are really good at managing their communities there , it could go well for f1 . 
  although , to be absolutely honest , i would probably ignore that page for the sake of my own mental health . 
  imagine those comment section shitstorms after some controversial stuff . 
  i can do outside parabolica overtake too, 
  in f1 2013, 
  cuz ai sucks balls and im literally a virtual schumacher amirite, 
  fuck i just realised i 'm still years older than verstappen, 
  it 's the shitpost we all deserve, 
  [ paul hembery before pirelli entered f1 ] ( http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/hemb_abud_2010.jpg ), 
  [ paul hembery after 4 seasons in f1 ] ( http://www.thepaddockmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/jm1407no356-1050x700.jpg ), 
  see ? 
  he looks almost the same . 
  nah , he 's okay , he still did n't [ get half-naked . 
  ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/6230efcec6be9e9727cac7ae979449a0/tumblr_mniyfxiwvz1rfi9ezo1_250.gif ), 
  i doubt he 'll ever fully accept it . 
  i doubt any no . 
  2 driver ever fully accepted it . 
  he knows he 's not as good , but he will still put up his best game hoping for some good run against him . 
  even if that means crazy amount of luck . 
  just the fact that they came up with this publicly makes one wonder if they really consider him as a driver for next year . 
  it 's been fun pastor , but i guess it 's about time to leave . 
  he had such a good run in the beginning of the year , but just after people started praising his new form a little bit , it went back to old-school maldonado . 
  what are your chances to actually get a shot in f1 ? 
  is lotus somehow backing you in lower open-wheel series or is it more about branding and sharing some know-how whilst you need to find sponsors by yourself ? 
  that sucks . 
  hopefully you can find another one and get back in the bussiness again !, 
  keep fighting . 
  thanks for you answer . 
  v-odka kicked in , yo !, 
  avon was the real shit . 
  huh ? 
  i did n't catch anything like that . 
  haha . 
  your salty renault comments always make me giggle . 
  not saying that you 're wrong or something , but just when it started to seem that horner and other rbr guys resigned to bashing them all the time ( they wo n't get better anyways ) , your salt game went up big time . 
  you should work for them . 
  i think red bull will eventually beat williams in the constructors championship . 
  although it will harder than it would have to be if renaults were at least a little reliable - heck even honda has been doing better in this department lately . 
  ot : holy shit , those soccer ( football :p ) deaths . 
  so many heart attacks . 
   died from spinal injuries that occurred as he landed awkwardly while celebrating a goal at 61 minutes against chanmari west, 
  damn . 
  exactly . 
  i mean ... if hammer and greatsword can work as ranged weapons ... 
  `` yeah , me neither . '', 
  definition of cringe . 
  i 'm not sure what is currently less likely . 
  kimi or fernando finishing 1st ? 
  he said driver . 
  spa was a power track and they did n't perform exactly well ( for their standards at least ) . 
  hopefully it will boost them a bit . 
  are you a finn ? 
  because otherwise i would n't really consider kimi so exciting to keep me interested in the sport if i had your opinion on it . 
  i feel like they are slowly losing benefits of their power unit as other teams are improving their overall package . 
  doubt they 'll have any chance in mexico unless competition ducks up big time . 
  i like the way tyres are this year . 
  my only dissatisfaction with them is that they should n't be suddenly exploding , which was more or less a technical issue which i believe pirelli will solve . 
  tyre 's should lose performance after their peak , not explode . 
  that 's all i 'm asking for . 
  a friend of mine got shot once . 
  luckily he survived though . 
  must mean that it 's absolutely safe then . 
   stop with the bs , will you ? 
  and how about you ? 
  these tyres are designed to lose their grip massively when their lifespan is nearing the end . 
  that did n't happen and instead it blew up . 
  stop with your bullshit . 
  not taking anything away from him , but that does n't change the fact he started in a top team . 
  no doubts it was deserved , but it should n't be ignored when this impressive statistic is mentioned . 
  just like when people mention dominant cars schumi or vettel had when they talk about their records . 
  you ca n't really crash when you 're 17 seconds off the pace , ca n't you ? 
  i mean ... she could be an improvement after all . 
  as unpopular as it probably is , imo rosberg is better than webber ever was at any stage of his career . 
  i do n't know . 
  just that some people around me ( irl ) bash him for not being good enough to match lewis , yet they did n't say a single word about webber in 2011-2013 even though his gap to seb was much wider even if you count in only those races in which both cars finished . 
  exactly what crossed my mind . 
  wonder if they really meant it that way though . 
  i 'd expect such title more on sarcastig fanblog than in a newspaper . 
  good decision . 
  they need to set an example that similar stuff is not acceptable . 
  i do n't follow dtm very closely , but even with my distance it 's kinda known that audi is shady every now and then - and this was the limit . 
  what 's the name of intro/outro song ( the original version ) ? 
  i think i should know it but damn i ca n't remember it . 
  great job anyways , so many community puns . 
  also , it 's not like you ca n't go through all the content gw2 currently has in 8-9 months . 
  for all we know she probably has already completed everything the game has to offer if you do n't count pointless achievement point grind and full ascended/legendary grind . 
  i just hate when people disvalitade somebodys opinion based on stuff like this . 
  i do n't even agree with the article but i 'll be damn sure to defend her right to raise some criticism . 
  edit : also , just looking at her massivelyop profile - description says that she plays since launch . 
  it 's rather simple - do n't read it if you do n't like it . 
  just like when people do n't watch trailers for movies , or when people ignore social media during game of thrones premieres as they plan to watch it later ( my own experience ) . 
  as far as my experience goes , people are usually pretty silent about datamining in the game , so the only real way to encounter some mined stuff is through reading it by yourself . 
  yes and no . 
  i did n't watch everything as i was still a kid back in the days , but once my f1 passion settled i took some time and thanks to the internet i rewatched everything up to 88 . 
  then just some races , which i happened to find . 
  anyways ... 
  he was better earlier in his career , but i have big doubts that it would be enough to be as close to lewis as nico currently is . 
  he might have a little bit better racecraft than nico , but not the speed in general . 
  although to be fair , as a rookie webber definitely shined more than rosberg when he was a rookie .
