  [ did n't notice it either until i started looking for it ... and that 's already with 150 % zoomed chrome . 
  `` offyear '' excusing vettel fanboys really look good compared to this . 
  trying way too hard man . 
  also - merry christmas to you guys !, 
  enjoy rest of the year in the most peaceful way imaginable and have a great 2016 . :-), 
  phase 2 troopers look the best imo . 
  yep , this list is pretty much spot on . 
  the entire end of 2013 could be added as 6th top moment , i know it was the car , but such dominance he has shown with it still looks good in cv . 
  this . 
  fallout 3 can be pretty annoying at times , especially with lacking shooting that really feels just odd . 
  but vegas is magnificent even despite it 's fairly dated by now . 
  and people still wonder why i like this guy so much ... seriously , screw autograph sessions and stuff like that , one day i 'll grab a beer with him . 
  i 'd rather stay pesimistic and be mind blown after first race weekend . 
  same goes with ferrari hype . 
  where do you expect them ? 
  williams level ? 
  to add to that , she 's a world class model or something like that , right ? 
  it 's not like she does n't have money . 
  that 's racist . 
  nope nope nope nope nope nope nope, 
  nope, 
  which senna though, 
  there are three, 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  the power unit was very competitive , but they need to get more speed from that chassis . 
  sure it was better than 2014 disastrous shitbox , but on heavy aero dependent tracks their advantage over teams behind them ( specificially red bull ) has tightened . 
  i think in the end it 's more or less about driver 's f1 story , or legacy if you will . 
  how much did they matter in their times ? 
  who did they fight against and was that a fair fight ( ie - was machinery on par with top ) ? 
  how did that fight go ? 
  an all time great to me is also that kind of driver your regular joe who does n't watch f1 every weekend knows about him , at least a little bit . 
  that being said , being an all time great f1 driver does n't equal being absolutely 100 % one of the best drivers . 
  by nature of the sport , you just ca n't know that . 
  what could 've been with many drivers is just unknown . 
  there always are thos types of drivers that could be all time greats if they have had proper machinery . 
  i also do n't think the ultimate list of all time greats works as ordered list , that 's way too much about personal opinion . 
  tldr : i think there should be a difference between calling driver an all time great and the best driver skillwise . 
  the story behind each of these drivers matters just as much as their stats and racecraft . 
  in one sentence you dismiss vettel being beaten by ricciardo as `` being beaten by midfield driver '' and one sentence later you claim vettel facing off with ricciardo again and winning would give him great status . 
  so much for your logic . 
  also lol @ yet another account . 
  first becks . 
  then carmen and susie . 
  seems like fom has to show us actual racing footage next year . 
  quality trash m8, 
  one thing is really worthy mentioning - remember how people on the internet flipped out , how disney is going to kill star wars ? 
  that was something like 3 years ago . 
  oooooh how times have changed ... and i absolutely love it . 
  this is the same thing that goes around music industry , when some singer leaves band and certain fans hop on bandwagon hating of new one , claiming true fans only like the old music ... pretty much bullshit to me . 
  as much as i 've been a fan of nightwish with every single singer they 've had , i am also a fan of star wars with every single movie . 
  i 've always been and i will always be . 
  if some tryhard wannabe movie hipster dislikes it , that 's really just his problem , not mine . 
  there 's nothing to be believed , it 's a fact . 
  he trash talked him down quite alot . 
  [ ex1 ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/news/article.cfm?c_id=4&amp;objectid=10732117 ), 
  [ ex2 ] ( http://www.crash.net/f1/news/143208/1/lauda-hamiltons-only-charisma-is-his-girlfriend.html ), 
  but he also found fond words for him during that period , it 's just that he 's always been very vocal about pretty much everything , so that 's about it . 
  he 's always been like that , he only calmed down * a bit * after joining mercedes . 
  probably logged in as / u/theredfive . 
  it looks insanely futuristic , some serious scifi level type of stuff ... 
  i 'd love it if f1 took this direction . 
  ~ ~ it 's mostly about amount of runoff areas when it comes to safety measures , and afaik also about facilities around the track - amount of grandstands , their state . 
  press rooms , accessibility etc. ~ ~, 
  f1 races only on top grade circuits . 
  edit : apologies for misinformation , / u/swedchef clarified . 
  oh here we go ... 
  talk about focusing on next season lol . 
  yes . 
  edit : well , it did happen , but it was n't as strong . 
  edit : i take it back , / u/swedchef clarified !, 
  one thing i 'd like to add to that danger question - i think any sport in general being dangerous adds to spectator 's excitement , but that does n't mean i 'd make any sport more dangerous on purpose . 
  lucky man . 
  oh gee , now i feel really stupid . 
  i 've seen some bitter kimsters on facebook , stating how ferrari gave better car to vettel , how they on purpose sabotaged kimi with strategies , etc. 
  i can see that hapenning on this sub if ferrari really has serious chances for wdc/wcc as well . 
  amazing natural ability , combined with commitment and love for the sport that is rare even amongst most f1 drivers . 
  he breathed for his team and racing , and it properly reflected on his results . 
  he has had some shady moments in his career , but then again , which great driver does n't . 
  he 's a legend . 
  / thread, 
  calling out rbr for being just a soft drink manufacturer was only result of their frustration that somewhat blinded their judgement , not the reasoning behind it . 
  i hate when people say that , yes , the money pumped into rbr goes from selling cans , but people who work in that team strive to win and do the best job in this sport just like people in ferrari or mclaren do . 
  mclaren p1 or laferrari certainly are more epic products than a sixpack of energy drinks , but that should n't undermine amazing job that people in rbr have been doing . 
  / / edit : and here go downvotes from rbr haters . 
  seriously ? 
  you guys do realise rbr is not just about marko , horner and mateschitz , right ? 
  i am really tired of valve fanboys like you . 
  it 's not about personal apology , it 's about having certain integrity as a company to apologise for quite a big cockup to their customers . 
  many big companies do that , valve should n't be an exception despite it 's blind diehard fanboy userbase - because you know , for some of us , it 's still just a company . 
   he could have been a 7 time wdc , provided that he beat jenson in 2009 . 
  which is fairly likely considering seb made quite a few mistakes , without which he could 've won 2009 as well . 
  woo , woo , wooo slow down there mate . 
  i 've heard max chilton might be coming back for surprising comeback . 
  yeah , at certain point during this year i pretty much gave up on facebook comment sections and use it mostly as messenger platform and some ocassional photo sharing from parties etc. 
  sometimes i ca n't resist , but thanksfully it 's rare . 
  he 's not bad , it 's just disappointing because he used to be really good . 
  and that does n't seem to be the case either . 
  and you know , for me as a vettel fan , it really annoyed me when some people started implying team playing against kimi on purpose . 
  feel free to say which team would do it . 
  f1 is no everybody 's friends with everybody party .
