  it 's a tough game where you use every advantage you can have , and it would be stupid to give that advantage aways unless rules force you to do so . 
  been trying some new drugs huh . 
  oh holy cow , that would 've been awesome . 
  but i think odds are mclaren will be doing better in few years to come and fernando knows that ... 
  i really feel bad for him sometimes exactly due to this . 
  it 's not like ralf was terrible driver . 
  he was great as well , just not as great as his brother . 
  no matter what he does , he always has to stand in shadow of michael . 
  it 's not exactly his or michael 's fault , it 's just a side-effect of michael 's greatness ... but still . 
  here 's hoping their relationship would develop much better than it did in first case . 
  good choices . 
  wish you all best of luck and strong will , it 's going to be very needed sometimes . 
  / r/edgy, 
  but that 's probably just one new mod . 
  umm ... yeah , probably - i 'd go to set of martian as well , i love scifi and seeing how they do it behind the scenes could be great experience . 
  but whatever , it 's been months ago and it did n't change anything in championship , so ... 
  i do n't even care honestly . 
  not sure why this and the other comment implying this is downvoted . 
  it happend before and it sure can happen again . 
  happy new year fellow f1 maniacs . 
  how was your end of the year party ? 
  unless ferrari really pulled out some magical aero stuff from that extra windtunnel time , they probably will stay behind mercedes as they also have somewhat worse driver lineup , but i do expect even tighter gap between them - or at least i hope so . 
  both ferrari and mercedes should have great advnatage over the rest though . 
  battle for third and lower is where it really gets interesting . 
  personally , i think it 's going to be damn close between red bull and toro rosso , maybe ( just maybe ) mclaren . 
  overall i think it 's going to be red bull - str will lose over time with less aero development and i just do n't believe in mclaren as of now , i will when i see it - just bare in mind they were fairly optimistic even last year . 
  and how did that go ... 
  before i read your post , i genuinely thought of williams pushing for that third as well , but now that you say it , i can see your point . 
  benefits of mercedes pu are diminishing and williams is going to feel it big time , unless they remake their chassis for good . 
  so str/mclaren 4th/5th , williams set in 6th . 
  i ca n't argue with your points regarding force india , i believe they are pretty much set in that position . 
  and now 8th-11th , that 's the juicy party as well . 
  honestly i just have no idea . 
  sauber seems optimistic about their brand new chassis design that wo n't be just evolution of last years , so i 'll give them that 8th position . 
  beyond that it 's even harder to predict , for the sake of manor 's legacy i 'd love to see the making serious progress , but i am fairly pesimistic considering next to zero budget and no strong partnership besides that mercedes pu . 
  haas seems like one of the best prepared rookie teams of last few years , and they certainly have better driver lineup ( not sure about guti , but grosjean is league above both maldonado and palmer , so i guess he could drag that team by himself ) than renault ... * but * ... 
  i do n't know , would really renault do so bad over the entire season to lose against haas ? 
  i know they did n't do much development of 2016 car , their pu sucks as of now and they have shitty drivers ... oh well , nevermind , they are screwed . 
  you guys are disturbingly good at pain . 
  [ here 's mine . 
  nah , in 90s it would use much more animated fire gif effect and 3d font . 
  but seriously , it looks bad , no idea why they did n't get modern design yet . 
  ' \\ \\ ' is standard formatting operator , use it twice like this ' \\ \\ \\ \\ ' and it 'll appear . 
  yet another troll baited you mate . 
  you see , we are very liberal about trolling on this sub ... 
  there are plenty people and i 'd hate to forget somebody , so i wo n't do an entire list for you , sorry ... but you should really check out / u/whatthefat and his [ f1metrics ] ( https://f1metrics.wordpress.com/ ) . 
  easily one of the best content provided for this sub . 
  i do n't think that 's the case with verstappen . 
  rb hyped him big time before he even got to drive an f1 car , and other top tier teams are very interested in him as well . 
  mercedes wanted him as junior driver as well , placing him into gp2 and later on ( this part is just my speculation ) probably using him as replacement for rosberg , who is no slouch either . 
  was there really any tr driver that was considered to be the next big thing besides vettel ? 
  even ricciardo who is one hell of a driver was pretty much considered `` i guess he 's fine but whatever '' before he kicked seb 's ass . 
  unless max somehow loses his form , or all that hype goes too much into his head , he should be absolutely fine . 
  the fact he could be in the sport for so long is just nuts . 
  imagine yourself 19 years later ... by then i expect myself to have my own early school age kids , and he 's likely to be still racing in f1 . 
  anyways , it 's still better than those people who tattoo their girl/boyfriends names on them after 2 months of dating . 
  that circuit is n't going anyways at least ... 
  i think he will be rememberd as one of the best . 
  maybe not by casual viewers who only check out few races per season or something like that , but hardcore f1 fans will remember him . 
  i was just about to say it . 
  all the time people say vettel was only beating old webber and raikkonen - fair enough , he was and yes , he sucked in 2014 . 
  but let 's just stop acting like alonso was facing senna level driver during his ferrari period . 
  i 'll be happy if they can stay within 0,5 s of ferrari pace . 
  for starters . 
  sometimes i have this temptation to give you an upvote , then i do it and immediately feel bad about it . 
  you 're this sub 's guilty pleasure . 
  i love me some big fat tyres . 
  incredibly sexy . 
  first of all thanks for actually replying instead of downvoting and moving on , because ... well , i would n't know otherwise . 
  i thought since pirelli came we have thiner , smaller tyres . 
  never got to check out actual dimensions , just by the looks it felt like that to me . 
  bridgestones seemed more weighty to me . 
  even the grooved ones . 
  my eyes have been fooling me for all these years ? 
  :-| well , anyways , i like big tyres . 
  ha , this one is perfectly simple and straight to the point . 
  even simracing does the job , partially - if your friends wo n't pull out that classic `` well you know it 's just a game and you 've been playing it for years ! '', 
  - damn right i 've been , and that 's the point . 
  most friends of mine i tried this with were n't able to complete one lap without destroying the car , and after several restarts due to spinning out in every single corner they just gave up . 
  but it worked on them . 
  and that was just f1 by codemasters . 
  ca n't imagine what they would do in rfactor lol . 
  the big one with laser eyes and breathing fire pls . 
  ~ ~ it was already done - i even remember somebody photoshoping destroyed rbr car behind them , but as hard as i tried , i could n't find it . 
  maybe somebody has saved it back in the days . ~ ~, 
  nevermind , found this - did n't think of looking for dank memes on this sub . 
  wow , that 's pretty cool . 
  would make me even happier that day . 
  now i remembered i also thought of placing a bet on rosberg going for wdc in 2014 . 
  the rate was something like 12-1 , but in the end i decided not to ... and well , there were points of season when i thought i made a mistake , but later on it was definitely good decision . 
  yeah , last time i checked it was still possible to bet on f1 even here in czech republic , where f1 is much smaller audience-wise ( or pretty much anything-wise lol ) ... 
  i think it 's going to be better . 
  not by 100 % , but slightly better for sure . 
  mclaren should be back in fighting for somewhat acceptable positions - combine that with some alonso magic and they might even face ferrari when they screw up something . 
  ferrari possibly can be a little bit closer to mercedes in general , and str should have power unit capable of making them put up a decent fight to rbr/mclaren . 
  we 'll have one new team , so there will be more cars on the track , which can mean more action in general . 
  and rosberg 's form felt somewhat better by the end of 2015 - it might not mean shit , but i hope it means he 's in to break lewis ' championship hat trick chances , even if that means handing the trophy to other german who would like to win . 
  it 's not a sure thing , but i think we should do better than last year . 
  vettel in germany 2012 was dropped from second to fifth , because he overtook button off the track . 
  that 's not how math and relative chances work though .
