  g2 was n't affected by it iirc . 
  at least my is n't . 
  aaand now you know everything about star wars . 
  i learned like a year ago and had pretty much the same reaction as you . 
  for sure . 
  max looks like some hero from those oldschool fighting videogames . 
  one of the most iconic moments and iconic end to v8 era is a moment nobody wants to remember ? 
  speak for yourself mate . 
  few others that come into my mind ( i am guilty too ) :, 
  - quoting any random vettel radio phrase just for dankness sake, 
  - summing up an opinion of certain minority as entire 100 000 + sub 's opinion, 
  - hating on drs/banned refueling/pirelli tyres, 
  - hating on bernie even when said issue has no connection to bernie, 
  - `` next year '' jokes in every fucking ferrari thread this year, 
  - arguing whether that toro rosso bot is actually a bot or just very dedicated sub user ... or both, 
  i only slightly sobered up last year since 2009 . 
  just slightly . 
  this year i 'm dead drunk all the time . 
  same here . 
  at first i was like `` meh , merc boys will up it '' ... then they did n't . 
  and again ... 
  \\ #dreamlives, 
  ^ ^ 3rd ^ ^ row ^ ^ tommorrow ^ ^ anyways ^ ^ :-(, 
  i 'd love to see him in some sort of executive way of racing itself . 
  i 'm not sure what tickles me better , ross going back to ferrari to fix their shit or ross going to f1 in general after being called by liberty media to make it great again . 
  no more democracy dealings with teams , just good old dictatorship with ross fucking brawn . 
  `` these are the rules for great racing . 
  deal with it or leave . '', 
  oooh boy . 
  i think it 's relatively easy to make an ai that is faster over qualifying one lap - clean track pace as that 's more about scripting that car to follow best line than actually making it any intelligent . 
  the real trick is when it comes to racecraft when there are 20 + cars around you . 
  even in racing games with decent ai it 's usually very , very chaotic and erratic ( compared to skilled human driver ) for computer controlled drivers during first laps as they have to account for many possible variables . 
  and now transfer this situation into real world . 
  you 'd have to use shitton of sensors and make that ai pretty damn safe to allow it be in close wheel to wheel racing with real drivers - remember , that ai has no fear of death , hence it has to have programmed not to harm anybody on very , very low level of it 's programming . 
  in perfect world with perfect racing ai though ... ai would win . 
  it has potentially way faster reaction times and even if it 's racecraft or wit is n't on the same level as human drivers , it should be able to lap way faster times . 
  you 're essentially looking at car that applies best throttle ratio , best braking ratio , best steering ratio ... essentially steroided traction control car with abs , stability control etc. 
  at least those are my personal views on ai vs. real drivers competition in real world racing . 
  i you are interested more in ai vs. ai racing , then roborace might be for you . 
  i believe it 's launching next year or so . 
  `` rekt '' comments aside ( i know , vettel was asking for it ) . 
  there might be some honest sincerety in this statement as well . 
  alonso knows damn well about being frustrated in a ferrari . 
  your comment made me realise another factor that 's very different in games - ai in games is generaly made to be beaten , even the hardest one is adjusted so that human with solid skills can top it in every scenario . 
  games are meant for fun after all . 
  real life racing ai would n't have to be limited this way . 
  f1 2016 is supposed to go mobile sometime in the future . 
  it was announced at apple 's iphone keynote and codemasters later that day announced that it 's coming to android as well on [ their blog ] ( http://blog.codemasters.com/f1/09/f1-2016-coming-to-ios-tvos-and-android-devices/ ) . 
  but until then , probably motorsport manager ... it 's not a racing game per se , you are playing as race strategist/team boss on the pitwall , but it 's really great . 
  if you want classic racing game , real racing 3 is probably your best option . 
  it has few f1 cars in it and driving model is also decent for a mobile game ... it just happens to be pretty hardcore on the microtransactions side unless you are open to grinding alot of races until you unlock f1 . 
  - watching schumi vs. alonso, 
  - playing f1 2002 and gta san andreas, 
  - being hyped for world of warcraft, 
  - being hyped for revenge of the sith, 
  kids these days have no fucking clue , my childhood was the best . 
  does n't work for me on both ios 10 and macos sierra in up to date safari 's . 
  constant with mixtape . 
  however all is absolutely fine when i run boot up windows . 
  probably just incompatiblity with apple for some random reason ( i 'd expect online video to be pretty standard-based these days ) . 
  i got used to it . 
  how about we use three images ? 
  winner - fia dotd - reddit dotd . 
  problem solved , everyone 's happy ... right ? 
  i have some experience with modding f1 games , here are my general findings over all these years :, 
  that may be true for some games , especially older ones that applied very simplistic ai approaches . 
  but in more complex modern racing games , especially those which are trying to be more on the realistic side of things that 's definitely not the case . 
  some casual games also apply behavior that a car far behind you gets artifical speed bonus but when it gets close/ahead of you it 's back to it 's original speed . 
  you can adjust parameters for ai behavior , such as aggression , raw speed ( how early driver applies some throttle ) , late braking , awareness of near cars , etc. 
  but not in a way that you just set car to make preset time . 
  f1 games from codemasters are nowhere near being the most realistic games ( rather most immersive though ) and even those use these special database files which contain said parameters per driver . 
  that 's also what modders are often tweaking when releasing `` better/more mistakes prone/aggressive/not so scared when you 're weaving '' ai mods . 
  these driver parameters then correspond to preset limits of their cars , which again come down to parameters such as general grip level , top speed , acceleration rate , weight , over/under-steeriness , drs speed gain , etc. 
  and by combining these two into one package you have your final times those ai drivers are setting . 
  more complex than just setting times - but you 're not entirely wrong , read below . 
  although i 'm not entirely sure , i think when you set all skills of driver to the max they can drive manor just as fast as mercedes . 
  one guy also made mod that tweaked all drivers to be on the same exact skill level , which resulted in pretty hilarious race-long trains when all drivers stayed close to each other . 
  you 're right about certain aspect of almost all games though , what i said up there in most games applies only to drivers that are within your vision 's range and cars that are further away or behind you switch into simulated mode so that cpu can relieve some stress from processing 20 cars 100 % of the time . 
  this processing method was invented quite some time ago ( i think it premiered in f1 challenge , the one developed by guys who later made rfactor ) and it was perfected since . 
  but even then from my experience at least codemasters f1 games simulated cars still abide by preset physical limitations . 
  i know that as i often race on my keyboard when i 'm not at home , and which i find more enjoyable with more grip mods rather than just enabling traction control . 
  and ai that is far behind me still sets times that correspond to increased grip levels , not the same levels as they would in standard scenario . 
  it all gets more quirky when fast-forwarding time in qualifying though , in this scenario cars actually do n't follow games internal physics rules and just set random times within preset range as i can easily notice that they get noticeably slower than me when using high grip mod . 
  but that 's very specific scenario , when everything runs real-time all ai actually follows in-game 's physics rules just as much as player driver has to . 
  damn this comment turned out longer than expected . 
  most people stay around this sub after race for post-race discussions anyways . 
  i think it 's fine and minimises possible chaos that would come from another separated reddit dotd thread/poll . 
  just to keep shit civil and avoid spreading anger more than necessary i 'd rather not directly show not `` award '' in the sidebar . 
  and now imagine if our friend gutierrez was in one of those renaults . 
  bitterness comes from both sides . 
  they have alot of history together . 
  i do n't mind that . 
  once rivals , forever rivals . 
  their rivalry is definitely motorsport story worthy of telling . 
  inbefore williams pulls some random aero magic they just wanted to try for lols and each of these prediction threads will be smoked af . 
  and some guy who bets 10 euros on random underdog teams will buy a yacht by the end of 2017 . 
  in a way vettel avenged schumi and alonso now looks for way to strike vettel down . 
  it sounded more dramatic in my head ok ... 
  sums up most fan 's reactions as well . 
  no more hoping when ferrari actually performs during practices .
