  they are both excellent games for different things but still pretty damn good games even in general terms . 
  i loved how republic commando made droids feel actually menacing . 
  especially sbds ... holy shit these were horror to fight . 
  i recovered about 12 gigs + 2 more gigs after i removed some garageband leftovers . 
  i was pleasantly surprised given i was actually afraid that this update might kill the rest of my storage space . 
  my best bet is that it cleaned some old cache and removed el capitan backup files etc. 
  pretty sure it was n't just their icloud storage optimizer as that backed up only like 500 mb of stuff for me . 
  nah that 's not it for me at least . 
  my purgeable amount of space is about 700 mb and i gained 12 gb of storage after update . 
  you got an update hehe . 
  rofl i said it like a month ago that this is going to be another google fail and got downvoted . 
  oh well look how things actually turned . 
  `` why even bother about anything when i have to keep my children fed , right ... '', 
  great excuse for any company 's ( or government 's , or society 's ) shortcomings . 
  having other stuff to take care of might have relation to not giving a shit anymore for you , but not for others . 
  what do you know about op ? 
  maybe he has way more shit to take care of than you , stop trying to paint it like you are the adult guy with important things in life who 's so above it to not care anymore . 
  let 's just keep this sub apolitical shall we ? 
  also this year in austria . 
  never used it before update . 
  still not using it after update . 
  but good for you . 
  thinks too much of his great goal of winning championship as ferrari driver instead of focusing on each race . 
  long story short but that 's pretty much how i see it . 
  he 's not on top of his game this year . 
  he was last year , look how smooth most of his driving was last year despite this year 's ferrari not really being shittier to drive or anything . 
  he just overdrives it by himself . 
  he needs to chill the fuck out like he did last year . 
  most `` dank stuff '' he puts out is . 
  nothing impressive about that pass . 
  just dumb divebomb followed by cutting the track . 
  no matter who does that move . 
  i am very neutral about ron , i just have big respect for what mclaren achieved under his reign back in the days . 
  or what they might achieve again . 
  he 's a good team boss . 
  but heaven forbid if his way of pr uptalking of every little shit is n't amusing to the point of self-mockery . 
  `` ronspeak '' is so stupid it 's funny . 
  with that in mind i really like front-wing onboard cameras , but i have to agree with mark4211 , i do n't care if it seems faster from that over shoulder angle when i ca n't see half of the stuff that happens in front of the car . 
  it 's cool at times but not every race . 
  this sub is by far my favorite place to discuss f1 and it 's not even remotely as toxic as some butthurts make it out to be . 
  we get it , somebody is overly mean at your favorite driver , get over it or leave . 
  facebook or twitter are uncomparably worse places for public f1 disucssion and many other sports subs are n't really doing any better when it comes to masses being mad at certain sportsman . 
  see motogp sub last year . 
  sure we have some low effort shit here and there , quite a few trolls too , but that 's all part of the game . 
  this sub is amazing and full of people who are passionate about sport that is n't really acknowledged as sport by many friends of mine anyways . 
  people need to stop taking offenses against their favorite drivers so personally ( i am vettel fan , i know what the hell i am talking about there ) . 
  f1 has n't been se same for me since i discovered reddit . 
  it got way more enjoyable . 
  nah , googled a bit , searched through stuff on my computer and did n't find any traces where these 400 mbs can be . 
  let me know if you are more successful !, 
  wow , it 's been a while ... 
  i remember wanting that t-mobile g1 but could n't afford it back in the days . 
  i actually hopped on the android train with nexus s , used it since gb to unofficial kitkat . 
  now i still have that phone lying around and seeing how slow it is by today standards , but damn it if i was n't mega excited about my first android smartphone . 
  nowadays upgrading a phone is rather standard procedure just followed by downloading all apps and syncing photos ... back in the days it was an experience , experience full of discovering what i can do with all these widgets and apps . 
  i spent more time just tweaking and trying shit with my nexus than playing games on computer ... good times . 
  he has no idea whatsoever . 
  if i was billionaire i 'd turn it into working car again and drive it around circuits like mad all day every day . 
  entire 2007 story and crashgate . 
  i 'm also interested in his settled down thoughts on his ferrari run and rivalry with vettel . 
  not really that different to most guys around here . 
  spa , suzuka and silverstone . 
  i like some modern circuits as well , namely abu dhabi or bahrain ( heck even baku was cool with that crazy straight and flowy middle sector ) ... but classic old-schoolers are the shit . 
  always will be . 
  [ not even giving it a second thought , this came to my mind immediately . 
  ] ( http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/redb-vett-budd-2013-113.jpg ), 
  very fun too though . 
  josh verge was the best verge . 
  back then i actually liked the website for what it was . 
  they started baiting mainstream crap too much after he left . 
  i do n't care what kanye west thinks about apple or samsung damn it !, 
  their videos are still top notch though . 
  i really just do n't get that guy 's thought process on this . 
  that 's the weirdest part about it . 
  why ignore verge contacting you what 's up ? 
  why take obvious conflict of interests when you must know that both companies are very serious about avoiding these ? 
  seriously . 
  what the hell . 
  let 's just change op 's comment to `` anticipation and drama of lap 1 '' while remaining the same cool sounding effect . 
  what a race that was . 
  i lost it after that spin when i thought that his race was over . 
  is that the one he used in abu dhabi 2010 ? 
  it 's either that or the singapore one from the same year . 
  gosh i miss that year . 
  one of the best years in my life , f1 helped that too . 
  dude ... 
  czech here . 
  always rooted for kubica , he 's the closest we slavic nations got to having a proper driver material in f1 . 
  such a down to earth guy with solid skills . 
  it 's such a shame what happened to him and what happend to bmw sauber , had bmw not bailed out they could have even challenged somewhat seriously . 
  that really just angers me when i think of that . 
  i 'm a vettel guy with all my heart , but man kubica has very special place there as well . 
  one of the biggest what ifs of f1 for me . 
  that looks ... weird ? 
  looks like 2013 car mixed with some 2014 stuff ? 
  common misconception that senna was all saint perfect goodie driver . 
  this phenomenon spread even harder after that extremely biased `` documentary '' . 
  i have serious respect towards the man , he 's one of all time greats no freaking doubts about that ... but he was n't clean driver . 
  period . 
  i heard that explanation quite a few times as well , but it really just falls down to this issue of being targeted towards casual not-experienced fans .
