  his post race moments were so amazing they even erased my bitterness over vettel 's alternator . 
  probably not his best drive ever , but in terms of feels it really is up there with one of his best . 
  i know that f1 team does n't rely just on one single person , but they have prodromou now , was n't he something like newey 's favorite co-worker and apprentice ? 
  not this year , but in years to come their chassis might actually improve if he builds up a good team around himself . 
  the best one . 
  wow , something positive about f1 in media ? 
  what year is it ? 
  any piquet and word `` angel '' does n't work well when mentioned in single sentence . 
  no matter the context . 
  well , why would n't he . 
  i do n't like the man for his shady shit , but i can imagine that had i had chance to grab some wine with him at the bar , i would probably enjoy my time being . 
  and who knows , i might even tell him after some glasses that he 's shady as fuck . 
  and then i end up somewhere deep in mediterranean ... or maybe he would just laugh . 
  maybe . 
  is n't chosing an actual team from the past considered cheating in this thing ? 
  combined with the best car . 
  at least in the time . 
  hype is real . 
  it 's just 5 years and he looks so much younger in there . 
  real life racing is n't like that movie with stallone ... 
  the more f1 youtuber 's there are the better . 
  but just as tiametmarduk is n't posting his stuff here , so you should n't . 
  do n't let this drive you off making more , just do n't post it there . 
  we 're sub about real f1 and this game has been discussed many times . 
  2013 by far to be honest . 
  there was most content , it has decent modding community with some truly game enhancing stuff , okay optimisation and way better penalty systems over previous ones . 
  f1 2015 is my second favorite as it has the best racing experience ( when you 're not encountering any bugs ) even though it 's lacking alot of stuff , and my third favorite is f1 challenge by ea . 
  i 've spent most time in that one since it was the last f1 game on the pc for quite some time , before codies took over . 
  my least favorite to date is probably f1 2014 , even though i still played the hell out of it . 
  good . 
  i drove massa for his wdc in a williams . 
  lost in wcc to merc though . 
  this deserves more upvotes . 
  what a great read . 
  wish more ex-drivers wrote blogs like this . 
  i know right , we 're not florida institiute of technology !!!!!, 
  argh !, 
  most people probably can . 
  he 's not squatting . 
  clark, 
  prost, 
  hamilton, 
  vettel, 
  reading throught the discussion there i feel like i should clarify before something goes down : this is my personal top 10 , if you disagree , feel free to make your own list and do n't bitch about mine . 
  thanks . 
  [ not the best thing ever , but i guess it fits a bit . 
  edit : i really got that middle sector wrong . 
  that turn 1 . 
  over the course of prost 's career he got to drive mostly very good cars and even arguably the most dominant car of all time , which made his run towards all time greatness a bit easier in my eyes , whilst alonso has made his greatness mostly by fighting usually not the best car in the field and putting it up to the fight for the championship . 
  i know that his two titles were made with pretty damn good renault 's , but it was his racing since that really made me respect the man despite i do n't consider myself a fan of his . 
  though i admit there is a bit of time bias , because i did watch prost 's era thanks to torrents , infamous f1 stream , and other sources of old gp 's - i already knew the outcome , which might have skewed my views a bit . 
  i remember watching this live and thinking that he really should get another shot in formula 1 . 
  it did n't work out so well for him , but he has improved since and whenever i see him driving in the worse midfield i 'm kind of sad , because whilst he may not be the greatest driver ever , he 's good and it takes some character to admit your own mistakes and focus on becoming better driver instead of blaming everybody else ( looking at you , pastor ) . 
  hopefully there is a chance for better ride for him if renault buys lotus . 
  i think hunt could 've achieved much more had it not been for his lifestyle and attitude . 
  history does n't do `` could 've '' though , so i agree . 
  why not if you were anybody else ? 
  women currently receiving benefits just because of gender is not just motorsport 's politics . 
  many countries across the globe are introducing women quota 's for companies , political parties , etc. 
  whilst the idea behind it might be based on good will , i really think the only real effect it 's going to have is that some men wo n't get their job because quota has to be met and those women who get there will be pointed at as `` oh look , she 's there just because she was prefered by law '' - and that in the end will hurt reputation of those women who actually are very capable and skillful . 
  and now that i wrote it i realise i 'm going super off-topic , sorry about that . 
  i just do n't like when something being masked as equality is n't equal at all . 
  i think he was his manager or something , even back before ralf 's f1 run . 
  edit : [ yes . 
  well , he still won a gp . 
  he 's nowhere near being the worst driver of all time . 
   i should be happy with this because ricciardo is already one of the worst starters on the grid, 
  i agree with your whole post , but there is also a chance that this will even worsen daniel 's starts , in relative terms ofc . 
  right now he at least had some aid ( unless it was red bull setting the system wrong all the time ) . 
  haha , what . 
  how did that happen . 
   i * hope * we will never see those noses again . 
  ftfy, 
  oh my god , that 's really ugly . 
  [ let me show you how to draw an f1 car properly . 
  ... a man after midnight, 
  wo n't somebody help me chase these williams away ? 
  gimi gimi gimi a man after midnight, 
  take me through the dirty air to the drs line, 
  well , good for kimi . 
  ferrari bromance continues next year then . 
  mind = blown . 
  i think it was a safety measure . 
  some teams and drivers tried to take some corners with drs open or open it very early as it gave them more speed ... which from time to time led to drivers losing the back end of the car . 
  there was no big crash due to that iirc , but they took a precaution anyways . 
  exactly . 
  it does n't happen very often as i really like to go to sleep late , but once upon a time ... 
  i do enjoy it quite a bit , it 's just me and entire gym . 
  so much aero in one picture . 
  pic pls . 
  it 's slowly escalating , inbefore by the end of the year :, 
  alonso says he should have never joined ferrari, 
  damn , i did n't know that she was still so young when she died . 
  well , she has had two sons to be proud of . 
  that 's for sure . 
  let 's just not get ahead of ourselves ... yet . 
  unless you 're an idiot or go to super sketchy websites ( or warez too much ) , there is nearly no potential harm for you computer without using any security bloatware at all . 
  i have n't used any of that bloatware for years and i have never had any issues . 
  different thing is of course if you 're noob user ( not meant in a bad way ) , you click everything that comes into your mail , you download torrents with low ratings or go to sketchy porn sites with many popups and boobs.exe downloads . 
  so no , if you consider yourself a knowledgable user and you really want maximum possible performance , there is no way you should install any anti-virus software .
