  the gap between two top teams and rest of the world is brutal . 
  but hey , at least it 's two top teams now . 
  wow . 
  fantastic job by ferrari , both their drivers in fact . 
  also ... wow ... hamilton got rekt real hard . 
  not sure if serious . 
  if so ... no . 
  that may be true . 
  but i do n't really care . 
  i 'm enjoying it . 
  happy birthday man . 
  pretty nice present eh . 
   they call it the ~ ~ death ~ ~ hype star . 
  i just hope those turbo issues are resolved and they wo n't be chewing them up like crazy with one turbo per race weekend rate ... that could catch up to them . 
  they had 1-2 for fucks sake , what else do you want from them ... mercedes was significantly faster in first part of the track as well , ferrari was jus that much better in final part . 
  absolutely , i 'm pretty impressed by his performances this year . 
  as they would say , not bad for a guy who was about to retire . 
  no , it obviously was n't . 
  it 's pretty dumb to think that ferrari would intentionally compromise either of their drivers when championship is this freaking close . 
  especially considering that maurizio really likes kimi from what i can tell . 
  wish we could just peacefully celebrate this great performance . 
  a friend of mine had that exact issue on his 2016 mbp , he had to switch to chrome because of that . 
  i have no problems on 2015 mba . 
  alonso is calm ? 
  are we watching the same racing series ? 
  i mean , i do n't blame him , i 'd be furious if i was him , but he is far from what i consider calm behavior . 
  good luck / u/sauberf1team . 
  good luck . 
  you 'll need it . 
  is eddie a permanent part of c4 team or is he there just for one race ? 
  i kind of missed the guy , i 'd tune into their coverage more often if so . 
  jesus ron , calm down . 
  they need to fuel the hype train as well , more viewers will tune in if there is real battle for championship between drivers in different teams . 
  it 's pretty early for such `` turning point '' stuff , but i can see why they are doing it . 
  he makes up his own strategy calls after all . 
  i doubt that . 
  they wanted max in there anyways , kvyat just gave them good excuse to do it early so taht max could n't sign with anybody else . 
  for sure windows alternatives provide better hardware for that price , but for people who really need mac , but want to stay budget friendly , macbook air is still very viable option . 
  simple example : student who wants to learn ios development . 
  sure , they will eventually buy a pro model once they are making money out of it , but as an entry option it 's still decent and more versatile in terms of performance compared to mb12 and in terms of transportation compared to mac mini . 
  it does n't cut it against windows machines at similar pricepoint , but it cuts it as cheapest mac laptop , if you do n't count used ones of course . 
  and mind you , not all countries have apple refurbished program going on , sadly . 
  i actually like windows 10 to be honest , it 's just that for work i need a mac ... so i use windows just for gaming . 
  but yeah , updates handling and trackpads are leagues above windows machines . 
  them melbourne rugby players better win it all this year then . 
  okay , as much as i loved f1 so far this year and generally dismissed all previous criticisms , this certainly was the most boring race i 've seen in a long time . 
  a long time . 
  wow . 
  either way , congratulations to bottas , that was one hell of a start . 
  besides that lockup he managed the pressure well and did n't fall into vettel 's immense pressure . 
  well done . 
  vettel and ferrari can still be more or less happy that at least they split mercedes boys . 
  it 's bittersweet , sure , but still okay . 
  i was genuinely afraid that vettel would bin it when he was pressuring bottas . 
  that 's just in laptop mode though . 
  in laptop mode macos is way better , but when it comes to desktop usage with no trackpads i actually find windows ' window management ( lol ) way better for productivity . 
  even when using helper utilities on macos such as bettertouchtool . 
  / / edit : funny downvote , how dare i say that something on windows might be even remotely better around here , right ... 
  i still like macos , okay ... 
  yeah , sochi just sucks . 
  the only somewhat interesting race there was in 2015 . 
  i feel like current regs with less emphasis on drs gains even amplified it 's shittyness . 
  * cue in roll safe meme *, 
  pretty much . 
  i 'd give him one as well if i were him . 
  on podium he cooled off . 
  who cares besides clickbait media and some social media drama queens , honestly . 
  best driver : bottas , that start alone was epic . 
  and he held his own against vettel 's mad pressure . 
  now the worst driver is actually a pretty tricky one . 
  i do n't think that hamilton was straight up horrible , and there seemingly was something wrong with his car , but overall his performance this weekend simply was n't up to his great standard . 
  but then again there were drivers who just binned it and stroll lost control in a pretty dumb situation , so ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'll probably pass on giving the worst judgement today . 
  best team is a similar problem , no team was out of ordinary awesome , everybody had some bad marks on their performance today . 
  i do n't really know who was straight up the best . 
  worst team though ... yeah ... you know that answer . 
  exactly the way i react when i see multiple reposts op . 
  yeah , especially those who suddenly act like greatest morale arbiters on the web . 
  no point dwelling on wars from the past though . 
  i know very well what germans did in wwii and here i am cheering all my life for german drivers . 
  now a different topic is how they see each other in current political context , but that 's definitely a hot topic for different subreddit so i 'll leave it there . 
  [ nice try ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=vettel+apologises ), 
  lol stroll not knowing what to do after finishing the race is actually kinda cute . 
  last year he shut down some reporter although i ca n't really remember why was that . 
  later that weekend in post race interview he actually apologised for it though . 
  he never really had `` his game '' to begin with though . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not hating on him . 
  overall i think he 's a nice fella , but simply does n't have what it takes for f1 . 
  that 's a movie material right there . 
  senna movie got nothing on `` kimi the movie '' . 
  what exactly did piss you off about him in 2014 ? 
  genuinely asking . 
  lee  rachel, 
  now if only certain retarded journalists would get that point as well , that would be nice . 
  instead we 'll be reading this every day until spain , creating false drama about how much massa and vettel must hate each other now . 
  s t r a t e g y g r o u p, 
  i know right . 
  2013 was awesome . 
  especially second part of it .
