  that being said , it 's fair to say that cars in the past really looked faster to say the least , but that 's not because of lift and coast and tyre conservation being more important in present . 
  they do n't conserve tyres nor fuel in quali runs , and they still look slower . 
  no , it is n't . 
  f1 has changed over time , but most people who claim `` old times '' as the better times have n't ever seen any race from the `` old times '' . 
  and i 'm not really that old to remember `` old times '' , but damn it , we live in the era of internet - some people should just search for full races from the past ( not compilations of best maneuvers ... you can have these even for the dullest seasons ) , so they at least have any fucking idea what they are comparing to . 
  it has been like this for a very long time . 
  f1 is not in perfect state , there 's no denying that , but people tend to look for issues which are n't even existent and are simply natural part of the sport . 
  easily 3rd fastest car on the grid , he put it right where it should 've been with kimi being ... somewhere . 
  good quali , but nothing outstanding . 
  force india is way worse car and hulk managed to split williams drivers with it . 
  did you entitled so-called veteran jerks have some kind of meeting where you decided to annoy the crap out of developers and lower otherwise good reputation of this community ? 
  it seems like that 's the case lately . 
  the major selling point of the game was no subscription fee . 
  they delivered on that and it wo n't ever change . 
   ( does wow even has a story ? ), 
  oh come on , wow has pretty rich lore and while it 's story-telling is n't as complex as gw2 's is , it 's pretty solid fantasy universe and they definitely got better at story-telling in later expacs . 
  fair point otherwise , i just do n't get why people blame devs for continuing the story of expansion ... 
  i 'll buy the expac even just for that we can finally have new zones . 
  i was sick of re-exploring vanilla zones all the time during living story season 1 . 
  this . 
  i recently bought wow on sale just to give it a fresh shot after a long time ... and whilst classic questing is annoying as ever ( even more now that i 'm used to gw standards ) , i 've had some great fun in dungeons . 
  i actually did n't even do much outside of dungeons and damn i did enjoy myself . 
  hopefuly we can get some dungeon goodness in hot . 
  but i really like buying a new mouse every 5 months !, 
  and damn it if it was n't one of the strongest moments in recent history . 
  ( obviously ) i never was his fan , but that moment ... that moment was super cool . 
  berger must 've had few beers before he went to the interview lol . 
  he talked more than all three drivers altogether . 
  other than that , damn it mr. rosberg , you nailed this one . 
  hopefuly he will hold onto this benchmark for the rest of the season . 
  ferrari was one big disappointment this time . 
  congratulations to williams . 
  i 'm not gon na go into this argument ... all i can say is that these two made it super fun and they should get medal for going flat out wheel-to-wheel against each other without actually crashing . 
  top stuff from both of them imo . 
  also , maldonado 's saves were sick . 
  duo of the day . 
  request : alternate flair with nico 's champagne face . 
  same here . 
  i 'm not really sure , but i think i 've spent about 50-60 $ on gems since launch , but even if i count that in , the game is pretty cheap compared to most other mmo 's . 
  even speaking of many so-called free to play games , which in the end force you into spending more than on a subscription based game . 
  i do n't know ... i kind of see your point , but i do n't agree with it in the end . 
  people have been asking for drivers to push to the absolute limit , then maldonado does exactly that and you come up with the fact that he lost control over the car for a moment . 
  i 'm not his fan and usually i tend to agree with general idea of him being way too dangerous . 
  but not this time , this time he was driving well right on the limit , with some minor over-the-limit moments , which he handled well , so that 's absolutely fine in my book . 
  maybe kind of redneck-ish opinion , but this way of wrestling car around the track looks more exciting than calm professional style most other drivers do . 
  good for you . 
  [ not exactly between drivers , but ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp_fdrnq5em ), 
  honestly , at this point ... he has nothing to lose . 
  and judging by jenson 's early retirement , kimi might have saved him some pain from retiring into pits again . 
  still pretty nice to see that kind of reaction though . 
  i thought that it might 've looked cool if i photoshop in his champagne face . 
  [ i was terribly wrong , sorry nico . 
  edit : words, 
  that 's the only one i actually like for it 's taste . 
  he can only win when he 's first . 
  vets got their time worth since they were playing the game for nearly 3 years . 
  that 's our reward . 
  stop this bullshit already , please . 
  just do n't buy it if you do n't like it . 
  it 's called free market . 
  especially ^ cough since it 's not part of ^ cough ... ^ cough standard edition ^ cough . 
  man , i think i 'm cold . 
  lolno . 
  what the hell were you thinking ? 
  trust me , that 's the least weird thing about this post . 
   if you fuck up , ~ ~ good luck ~ ~ tough luck trying to sort it out during the season, 
  ftfy, 
  i forgive you ... i guess . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ \\ #methnotevenonce, 
  he was still losing alot on hamilton even before that pitstop . 
  i 'm rather pesimistic , since austria is one of the most hardcore power-tracks . 
  win in britain would 've been nice too , but i sincerely hope most for mercedes somehow botching an italian gp in order to allow seb going to the top step . 
  i 'd lose my shit probably even more than i did after this year 's malaysia or even 2010 abu dhabi . 
  x-post to / r/woodenpotatoes pelase , do n't want to steal your karma m8 . 
  top stuff . 
  inbefore people being mad because they wanted gems instead . 
  but seriously , i did n't expect this - nice gesture from arenanet . 
  unpopular opinon alert : we as entire community did n't deserve it after that outrage and i hope it does n't set a precedent as of `` when we raise our pitchforks and scream , arenanet will give use free stuff '' for the future . 
  feel free to wait 5 + years with this mindset . 
  you 're not wrong if you really do n't mind waiting this long for the game . 
  i always imagine that cameraguy going home after a long season and telling his kids how 2 times world champion and one of the best drivers of all time has touched his tool . 
  priceless . 
  i wish we had more of this too . 
  i 'm not sure whether bahrain is considered as unpopular track . 
  if not , i 'd give it to abu dhabi . 
  not great for live races , but i just love it in games . 
  to be fair , it 's not that hard to be `` big '' in your country when you 're pretty much the only one . 
  there is for example much bigger competition in britain , or germany . 
  well ... ehm ... red bull has quite a budget compared to what manor operates with . 
  a bit harsh indeed though . 
  come on , i know you germans usually hate fun , but / u/oh84s obviously was n't 100 % serious on this . 
  oh , that 's nice ... i love me some boxes . 
  interestingly enough , one of the biggest local retailers here in czech republic states this ( rough translation ) : the game will be available to play once the expansion hits , which is predicted to happen in october . 
  save it for tengu in next expansion pack . 
  nice idea , though i do n't see it ever happening . 
  according to trailer i think he feels pretty op . 
  like him or not , he was the one who lead red bull racing to the top . 
  i honestly think he would be a big loss for the team and f1 in general , unless he goes elsewhere . 
  rip gold to gem conversion . 
  anet : `` yo dawg i heard you like zerker warriors , so we give you zerker elite spec so you can be zerker while being zerker warrior . '',
