  but that does n't mean i want hamilton to have more dnfs . 
  fair fight , please . 
  exactly , i have nothing against her as person , she might be very nice woman , but i am annoyed by her being the strongest point of williams 's pr , because that 's what she mostly is when it comes to f1 . 
  i would love see women in f1 , but they should get in by providing impressive results in lower series ( just like most men do ) , not by being great at work with media . 
  probably the best `` ba-dum-tss '' i 've ever heard/read . 
  you deserve a cookie , sir !, 
  sounds fair to me , especially in perspective of 2013 , when rosberg was just another driver , while hamilton was already wdc & somewhat `` established brand '' . 
  i 'm not very into these `` photo of somebody from f1 '' posts , but there are valuable exceptions and this is definitely one of them . 
  i 've laughed too , glad to read that i 'm not the only one . 
  nobody could knew that , no matter how great your knowledge of f1 is ( or how great do you consider it to be ) . 
  in other words : you hate all three of them ( mark 's fan , i suppose ? ), 
  and try to excuse it with made up arguments . 
  some people would farm stories for 15 slot account bound bags imo . 
  would n't solve the issue of recreating characters on purpose . 
  not sure why it 's being downvoted ... arenanet is very good at making nice little details , so it 's a bit pitty that they did n't do anything this time . 
  it happens . 
  well , that 's how you get into `` uncommunicative signet warrior '' vicious circle . 
  he still looks very young imo . 
  he has the most childish look of all drivers i can come up with . 
  even kvyat or magnussen seem like older ones to me . 
   i 've heard they have a great physics engine for it, 
  if not , those games by codemasters are not very sim , they are made for masses and casual audiences , which is cool and i like it , but it 's not good for people who want realistic racing sims with actually great physics engine . 
  yeah , that 's a valid point , but remember that we as spectators have no idea what was massa practicing for , or what was he testing . 
  practice is for practicing , not for providing top results . 
  there is a possibilty that she was pushing as much as she could while massa was just going for tyre conservation test-drive , and in that perspective her result is actually pretty bad . 
  there are many possible ways to look at it , but every single time it goes back to one thing - practice just wo n't work as good argument for susie , no matter how hard she tries . 
  even sutil on sauber ( which is terrible this year ) was ahead of massa that session , so ... 
  fair enough , that applies to pretty much any racing game by codemasters and that 's why i enjoy them . 
  combat log !, 
  i ca n't even express how much i love to hear that they are changing it . 
  it was absolute mess when something was being shown and something was n't . 
  great stuff no matter what game mode you focus on . 
  she 's very shady , i think there is some epic twist about her incoming in future releases ... and that 's good , gw2 finnaly has interesting characters with more than just basic `` this is bad guy , this is good guy '' . 
  correction : he was quick in 2012 spain . 
  williams could have had much more points if he did n't make stupid mistakes during the whole season . 
  grosjean is the most underrated at this moment from my point of view . 
  he has always been fast , but a bit blind in terms of close racing ... yet he was getting better at it ( unlike maldonado , who follows opposite trend and crashes more and more ) . 
  i think that romain really deservers better car , because he 's definitely better than average . 
  just take a look at his gp2 drives . 
  eh ... gw2 ui is n't state of the art either ... 
  i think that 's just the way she is . 
  she also was on some wvw dev stream back in 2013 i guess ... and she felt so uninterested and sleepy to me that i had to turn it off . 
  and , well ... if that 's the case , anet should n't be using her at presentation and better keep her for doing other dev stuff . 
  kate from poi should have been talking about living story stuff here . 
  ca n't even imagine my reaction if they actually added brand new dungeon with new paths and whole armor set for tokens . 
  seriously ... i ca n't imagine it . 
  it 's so great to like them both . 
  at least for now , when they had no serious conflict ... yet . 
   it 's not as fun from the other side is it mr. vettel ? 
  nobody enjoys losing and everybody enjoys winning . 
  nothing wrong with vettel in this matter . 
  i like that he says that straight up to him , even though this might have been a bit pre-scripted ( or not ? 
  exactly this - when i watched that interview i felt like they have no idea why do we actually want first person view . 
  same goes for fov slider . 
  they admit that they have technology , but at the same time they say that they do n't want us to deliberately use it whenever we want , because we could miss some beautiful parts of the game - ** anet pls , we want it exactly because we want to see beautiful parts of the game !, 
  only if you use trait which is given for killing hardcore end-game boss - the allmighty karka queen . 
  4 channels vs. whole armor dying . 
  that 's what ( s ) he mean . 
  i do n't like the guy , but he definitely deserves place in f1 , not sure about williams ( would n't they want nasr to replace massa ? 
  ) , but it would be good choice indeed . 
  he has some good speed . 
  i know that it must be hard to be original in these days ... but what the hell are advertisement directors smoking ? 
  because i want to try that stuff . 
  there is a good point in that , but do n't forget that ncsoft is the one who knocks and they may even kill off gw franchise if it 's not earning any money . 
  just keep that in mind , it might be double-edged sword . 
   i 'm not a fanboy . 
  that 's why you were rude towards people who dislike game 's direction ? 
  this is serious , we may be just vocal community , but we are the ones who create the image of the game on the internet , we are those who actually invite in new players . 
  how would a newcomer feel when he sees biggest gw2 subreddit filled with such hatred towards arenanet and it 's communication ? 
  come on colin , man up and give us your classic huge smile ... and some wise and useful words . 
  and do something with the communication , please . 
  i beg you as your dedicated player and fan , you can do better . 
  exactly , this subreddit has reputation of the most gw2-friendly place on the internet ... so this is kinda big thing . 
  huge ? 
  like ... `` okay guys , we are sorry to announce it so soon , but there we go - expansion with cantha , elona zones , tengu as playable race & brand new profession is coming this christmas . '', 
  apologies accepted . 
  yes . 
  and it is . 
  i love his pace , my vocal english improved alot since have i started watching/listening to wp 's content . 
  how come ? 
  this . 
  but it 's just stupid that when young driver makes a mistake it 's absolutely 100 % just because he 's young , but when experienced matador makes a mistake it 's considered to be somewhat okay and nobody cares one day after the race ( there are exceptions ofc . 
  torro rosso does n't need a pay driver . 
  but you 've got the point with gp2 ... red bull probably wants that extra publicity . 
  but that 's not verstappen 's fault - every young driver would accept that offer . 
  this tournament is ours !!!, 
  to be fair , that applies to pretty much any driver . 
  did anybody really expect him to win in , let 's say force india level car ? 
  that 's true , alonso really is a benchmark for all current f1 drivers . 
  i ca n't argue about vettel being slower , because he is , but i still believe that he will get there . 
  alonso has way more experience ( especially with crappy cars :-p ) and is more ... mature , i would say . 
  very good , i 'm just finishing my sixth alt to 80 , so new slot is nice ... 
  i like how they make discounts on character slots pretty much everytime i actually need one . 
  wow , i would facepalm myself so much that i would probably turn into palm with face ... err , yeah . 
  ot : i prefer when people do n't tag up sarcastic posts ... some may catch and it 's even more fun !, 
  i ca n't help myself - keke rosberg has the most badass look of all f1 drivers i 've ever seen . 
  amazing work man !, 
  a bit ot , but : all these overlays just prove that community has interest in player-made addons , i wish there was a official way to get them into the game . 
  anet pls . 
  he was lucky to save it .
