  so far they did really well at reworking thrawn , they could pull off mara jade as well . 
  and now that inquisitor program is more or less dead it would be cool if rebels introduced another force wielder on empire 's side who 's not vader or sidious . 
  especially considering that rebels are supposed to continue past events of anh , possibly even rotj ... it 's feasible . 
  maybe one day . 
  both pablo and dave commented in a way that implies that . 
  [ for example here . 
  ] ( http://io9.gizmodo.com/the-producer-of-star-wars-rebels-answers-your-burning-q-1768048083 ), 
   `` will there be another inquisitor ? 
  we 'll have to wait and see , '' filoni said . 
  `` but we are getting ever closer to the time period of a new hope , and i 've trying to live a little bit more by the rules you see in that film . 
  and there is n't a mention of inquisitors in that film . 
  it might be something you see less and less of . '', 
  i for one do n't really miss starkiller in canon to be honest ... maybe if they tone down on all that overpowered force stuff and just keep it to the point of vader having a secret apprentice ... yeah , that way i could like it . 
  doing some ... aggressive negotiations ... 
  i know that 's not really a topic star wars will ever canonicaly explore but just realising that ezra casually walks into adult character 's room in the middle of the night without knocking ... well ... yeah . 
  just trying to imagine his reaction if he ran in there to see kanan having quality time with hera ... 
  i bet he 'd knock next time . 
  maybe , but ezra did n't buy a ship . 
  he took back maul 's ship that he took away from them earlier in the season . 
  any day . 
  but yeah , sith movie would be cool as well . 
  every star wars movie is a cool movie . 
  she rebels . 
  if you put that guy into canon without adjusting of his abilities he would have singlehandedly ended clone wars . 
  so ... uh ... you guys hiring ? 
  remember when people thought he fucked up by signing mercedes deal ? 
  yeah , i was one of those people too . 
  one of all time greats . 
   not every back story needs to be filmed . 
  exactly my thoughts regarding han solo origins movie . 
  yet they are filming it , so ... 
  he was also a chosen one of space wizards . 
  both, 
  tissues ready both for tears of joy or ... we do n't talk about that other possibility . 
  we do n't have all caps hype talk threads tho . 
  considering quality of that engine it 's very fair price . 
  i am slightly sarcastic about this comment . 
  very slightly . 
  fom radio guy would use beeping button more frequently than he does with your average vettel radio . 
  which one of them lol . 
  i want vettel to win it and webber do the podium on that race when he grabs his fifth wdc . 
  especially now that they are on good terms . 
  them feels . 
  best type of gina . 
  i hope they both beat everybody else . 
  and then seb beats kimi . 
  this one is better though . 
   i mean honestly he 's a vettel fan they do n't know any better . 
  i 'd expect better from you tbh . 
  lewis please . 
  just stop . 
  i do n't want to spend half sunday crying when i see you win that shit with 40 sec gap . 
  heartwarming to see hardcore fans meeting their lifelong heroes . 
  good stuff . 
  fuck off ... hones ... oh just fuck off . 
  sooo ... seb set that on ss right ? 
  fuck it im hype, 
  not the smartest thing to say when you are utterly destroyed by your teammate . 
  and we 're talking real destroying , not just some few tenths gap . 
  money can only get you so far . 
  lol do n't do this to me . 
  so ... uh ... yeah ... let 's say it 's better than my worst fears but it 's also not as good as my best dreams . 
  hats off to mercedes , to stay ahead after major aero regs overhauls is admirable achievement , although i 'm certainly not a fan of such situation . 
  also , well freaking done mr. hamilton . 
  bottas is about where i expected him to be pure lap speed wise compared to hamilton . 
  that damn mercedes power on those straights in s1 ... although seb said that he screwed up first corner , right ? 
  cue in * hello darkness my old friend ... *, 
  one thing i am taking away from this quali is that while these cars are definitely way faster and grippier , by no means they are on rails and easier to drive . 
  almost everybody has had small moments here and there . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't follow ? 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  mercedes ? 
  i acknowledged that . 
  a bit of bromath there , but yeah , his chances are high even when not considering all this stuff . 
  eh , so far i had alot of fun and that 's just qualifying which is n't even about overtaking at all . 
  now i get your point . 
  i hope you 're right mate . 
  coulthard and his sexual banter never gets old . 
  if i win this i wo n't notice it anyways because i will be drunk celebrating and shitposting forza ferrari comments on / r/f1circlejerk . 
  bendu went full force unleashed at one point lol . 
  this episode is also prime example why i think shorter season but with 40 minute format would have been better . 
  but what do i know ... yavin hype . 
  okay guys , pack it up guys . 
  some random dude on the internet said so , this season is over . 
   crazy force shit, 
  this description of what happened should be canon hehe . 
  i woulnd ' t blame him at all if he just called it quits . 
  * mind blown *, 
  man ... such attention to detail and continuity in new canon is amazing . 
  underrated one for sure . 
  still fits the narrative though . 
  and it certainly was a very cool moment . 
  my only mild gripe with second half of rogue one is that they should have used vader at least a bit more . 
  and my axe !, 
  i can barely contain myself for at least remotely reasonable comments because fuck yeah forza ferrari !, 
  nevertheless it seems like fears of turbulence behind other cars were right . 
  even though it 's worth mentioning australia was pretty dull even in 2014 when cars had very little aero grip - i keep repeating this everytime and everytime get downvoted for it , i do n't like albert park circuit and i think it 's very overrated . 
  i 'm also impressed by amount of retirements from this race , i expected way less problems . 
  also honda did n't blow up , so that 's good , i guess . 
  and as much as i would love to troll some everestbases after their 2016 bullshit about kimi being faster driver overall , i really do n't want to start some shitstorms on this happy day - so i 'll just say kimi should have been faster and leave it there .
