  i was used to fom being cautious with their footage , okay then - but this was their footage damn it . 
  wtf !, 
  this sets a precedent of removing every other fan footage from races captured on mobile phone etc. 
  - usually the only legal source of f1 footage we can find on youtube . 
  it 's 2016 for christ 's sake . 
  every other racing series are at least a decade ahead of f1 , the so called pinnacle of motorsports . 
  where 's my nope button when i need it ... 
  huh , now that 's kinda interesting . 
  i always thought you 'd still rather go for vettel than raikkonen . 
  since this offtopic is already going on , i 'd like to ask you something - has there ever been any driver that made you go for vettel ? 
  or would have made you go for vettel for what it 's worth ( including drivers vettel never faced on track ) . 
  i know your preferences and i respect them , i am just interested . 
  i am starting to be fairly tired of all this testing analysis that does n't really mean anything because we simply do n't know everything . 
  some people jump to conclusion a , other people jump to conclusion b , some are already celebrating a championship , some are crying because of already lost championship , ... and here i am , finishing my coffee and thinking `` i have no fucking idea . '', 
  it 's kind of like economics . 
  hah , kind of like when i was cheering for petrov because he did n't let alonso through . 
  still looks pretty much the same . 
  still looks pretty good . 
   you try driving a rally car, 
  ftfy, 
   nowadays people would say you are too old, 
  is that a thing even in rallying ? 
  i do n't follow it too closely , but from what i can tell most rally drivers are n't some max verstappen age boys . 
  or not ? 
  i do n't think he 's some kind of next big thing , i do n't think he has a potential to be an absolute top driver . 
  maybe just button type of top driver if you know what i mean . 
  * but * i really like his genuinely great personality , not being scared to go on the edge in wheel to wheel battles and his determination . 
  seriously , the guy used to work as welder before he had enough money to get into motorsports . 
  his father 's name and connections certainly did help , but considering how mclaren handled him afterwards ( yes , i know - button and alonso are certainly a better lineup than either of them paired with kmag ) ... he still kept believing and when there was a chance , he took it again . 
  from nobody to f1 driver who got podium on his first race , then very fast to ( almost ) nobody again and then back to f1 for revenge . 
  it 's not his racing qualities ( though he definitely has some ! ), 
  what makes me cheer for him and like him so much . 
  it 's his legacy . 
  well i guess we can all agree that in 2010 vettel was n't in his top form yet . 
  he had the speed but was cracking under pressure and made his probably biggest on-track mistakes of entire career . 
  mexico 2015 was kind of an echo of his 2010 form if you will . 
  i might be underestimating this sub but i really do n't think people would care that much about some cartoon version of his helmet on reddit alien . 
  wow , til . 
  that 's one hell of a what if . 
  says the guy who came up with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxbibdwlodg ), 
  next few months ? 
  dude i would n't shut up about it for the rest of my life . 
  does n't matter , still drove an f1 car . 
  not with that attitude . 
  considering american sports call themselves world championships despite being situated in one country ... 
  i think f1 is doing fine without one ( two ) continents . 
  ice tyres with spikes were real shit . 
  holy shit . 
  nope . 
  i did n't think it would be so big . 
  you forgot the part when driver hits some rolex ( tm ) banner above the track . 
  and to add to that - they would probably have to pass very hard crash testing . 
  so ferrari vs. williams for championships ? 
  yeah , i 'd take that . 
  well i guess after last years experience with `` upgraded '' renault pu , they do n't take that as granted as we might think they should . 
  but props where it 's due - even helmut fucking marko was somewhat happy about renault 's work over winter , that says something . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been such a fan of any actor . 
  what a guy !, 
  it 's incredibly overrated music player though . 
  has no superior features except big audio hipster fan base . 
  but for a buck it 's an okay deal . 
  yeah there are better games for your xbox as of now, 
  holy shit, 
  what the ... wow . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  daaamn rebels is going to get sooo good . 
  it 's good that this is coming from a guy who 's been dominating the sport recently and is very likely to continue in that fashion for some time ... that way people ca n't pull out `` he 's whining because he 's not winning anymore '' card . 
  that being said , i do n't watch motogp regularly , but he 's right . 
  closed cockpit cars look way better than f1 with halo . 
  and that 's coming from a guy who 's not really into lmp1 car designs . 
  wrote an email to a place where i used to work part time last year regarding some tax stuff ... they replied if i do n't want to come over and talk about more work . 
  i 'm not sure if i can handle it time wise as i have pretty tough semester now ... 
  but it 's really nice to be considered useful despite not that much experience in my pockets . 
  guess i 'll do less reddit and i try to take it haha . 
  ca n't catch a brake . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ show ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ out . 
  yes . 
  that question regarding what series i follow got me interested . 
  now i do n't see them implementing motogp for obvious reasons , but formula e or gp2 ( proper young driver mode ?! ) ... 
  that 's the content i 'd pay to play . 
  seriously , if they ever implement some of these features they were asking about , it should be one hell of a game . 
  and judging by dirt rally , they still know how to make fantastic games . 
  how i think it will be : hamilton , alonso , vettel , ricciardo , bottas , perez , grosjean , wehrlein , magnussen , nasr , verstappen, 
  how i want it to be : rosberg , button , vettel , ricciardo , bottas , perez , grosjean , indifferent about manor duo , magnussen , nasr , verstappen . 
  uh , for some reason i thought he was dead since early 80s . 
  piquet likely got forgotten because nobody likes the guy . 
  and hunt is remembered because everybody liked the guy . 
  `` stop with those stupid jokes about you being a champion denny already . '', 
  `` but ... but ... '', 
  mercedes has been stepping up their corporate game recently . 
  i love reddit . 
  `` ooooh seb you want to have fun ? 
  i can do fun , let 's go for it ... '', 
  `` shit , he really means it ! '', 
  not a fan of halo , but massa 's accident , maybe ? 
  i know that spring was relatively small and it could get through , but there 's also a chance that it would be stopped by it . 
  massa survived but he could have avoided a lot of trouble . 
  considering how tifosi and ferrari acted towards fernando last year ... 
  i 'm not so sure about monza . 
  mosley flair ...
