  fuck all these lies that mess up with people 's minds and go against `` the system '' just for the sake of going against it . 
  oh god , wish you the best of luck , stay strong . 
  any tips for recent symphonic ( power ) metal albums ? 
  i love current xandria , they sound like nightwish back in once days . 
  also this year 's nightwish album absolutely kicked me . 
  i love this genre and i always want more ... so , you guys have something fresh ? 
  it 's a show made for fun , and whilst she 's not that good , she 's kinda popular , which is always good for the show . 
  from current lineup i think it 's very close between all the top drivers . 
  with that in mind i think alonso might have just a slight edge over others , but nothing significant . 
  historically , there is a reason why people call schumacher the rainmaster ... but it 's still very arguable imo . 
  i think all top class drivers are very close in this regard . 
  what 's much easier to see in wet is what drivers are just not that good . 
  for example bottas this year in britain did show his real weakness and why he 'll never be a champion . 
  that person happens to be two time world champion of f1 . 
  most jokes just get old . 
  this one does n't . 
  negotiating contract with ron dennis can be pretty stressful , i guess to finally get the deal done brings back some peace . 
  he 'll never be barichello-esque character , he 's a world champion . 
  they fucked up just once . 
  jan was a mistake ( arguably , but i 'll give you that ) , and kevin was n't really that much screwed over . 
  he was heavily outscored by button , and do n't kill me , if i had to pick between kevin and fernando , i 'd pick fernando anytime ( or jb for what it 's worth ) . 
  i like kmag , but i think we should be realistic about his performance and who he stood againt when it came to deciding driver lineup . 
  two world champions , and button is very popular in japan . 
  odds simple were n't on his side , i would n't call it a fuck up . 
  hamilton is a great example that mclaren knows how to handle juniors with great potential when they have free seat . 
  vandoorne is good , way above gp2 league good , but would he be better ( at least right now , when mclaren really needs experience ) than jenson ? 
  i doubt it . 
  not really surprised . 
  people should learn to divide between personal sympathy and driver quality . 
  please , be it jorda ( it wo n't happen , i know ) . 
  so that we can have a good laugh and then finally move on after all that `` test driver '' and `` important part of the team '' bullshit . 
  i 'm a vettel fanboy , yet i gave the top spot to hamilton and second spot to alonso . 
  i think it 's super close between the two , but only one can be the \\ # 1 , so i gave that to lewis . 
  amazing stuff ( i tried , okay ? ) . 
  aaand i have no idea what to ask such guy . 
  got ta think about it . 
   kids , do n't try this at home ( it hurts , believe me ) . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  seriously , believe this guy . 
  and how 's that a problem ? 
  `` it did n't work for me once , so it must be bad for everybody . '', 
  literally . 
  nope . 
  f1 is an engineering challenge just like a driver challenge , why remove the challenge from power unit manufacturers and put it purely on aero department ? 
  i see no point - there are other series who do that , f1 is unique in it 's own way . 
   with most teams running nearly identical engines , they had to differentiate themselves through innovative design and aero . 
  that 's what happened by the end of v8 era , i do n't feel like it was anyhow better than what we have now , therefore i see no point in your proposal . 
  also , you 're talking about stuff that happened quite some time ago - when aero regulations were n't as strict as they are nowadays . 
  cars are going to look more or less the same no matter if you give everybody the same power unit or not . 
  damn , i should buy that ferrari lego set that was out last year ( i think ? ), 
  and keep it unopened . 
  long time investment . 
  funnily enough he works for a team that closely cooperates with red bull advanced technologies , in other words - adrian newey 's side project . 
  i do n't really feel * that * bad for nico , but it 's sad to see how it hurts his fans as well . 
  as you 've said , it 's not like nico is a weak driver . 
  out of all these straight up one - two teams ( schu/bar , vet/web , alo/mas ) , nico has had every chance to win too . 
  and he 's definitely the strongest no . 
  2 driver of this bunch - but at the end of the day , he 's still a no . 
  2 driver - not contractually or politically , but by his performances . 
  but to be honest i think it 's a big mistake when media or fans say that rosberg is weak - he 's pretty damn good , but unfortunately for him , his teammate is even better . 
  upvoted for feels and pretty damn good text formatting whilst being drunk . 
  holy crap , these are amazing . 
  so we have f1 champion on this sub . 
  / r/formula1 has really been on fire recently !, 
   ~ ~ this sub ~ ~ any sport fanbase tends to hate on the person standing first in the competition and praise the others . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's sad , but it 's true . 
  well , i started to dislike the guy sometime during 2011 up until the end of the last year . 
  this year i slowly move from what you would probably call `` a hater '' into a fan . 
  i do n't really want to start arguments from the past , especially now that i actually like the guy a bit , but the thing was that during 2011 i got seriously tired of all the hype around him and excuses being thrown around for his bad year ( and yes , vettelian apologists for 2014 are just as sad ) - and then , once he got his mojo back , he stroke me as arrogant douchie . 
  it kind of felt like he started to believe the hype that his fans and media were making around him ( or maybe it was his new management that influenced his behavior ) . 
  i 'm not sure how it was outside of my country , but i got to meet some girls that claimed to be f1 fans , yet the only thing they cared about was posters with lewis showing off some badass watches and his biceps . 
  they did n't know shit about the sport except that vettel and alonso were the bad guys and other drivers were too slow . 
  you could probably call it a jealousy - so be it , but what made me more mad was that he actually had that crowd around him that does n't two fucks about the sport itself , they are in just for the guy and his swagger . 
  i just do n't like that . 
  thing is , that never changed - but i guess i matured a bit and believe it or not , i really think he is much cooler and chilled dude this year , even to the point of his debut year , when i really loved the guy and supported him on his quest against fernando . 
  i still do n't care for his swaggity swag crap , but i learned to like the guy for who he really is if you ignore all that celebrity life crap . 
  ** please , if you 're lifelong hamilton fan and this post offended you , just downvote and move on , as i 've already stated , i am not interested in any arguments , i wo n't read replies to this post - i 'm just answering op 's question . 
  creepy, 
  yes . 
  red bull formula 1 championship incoming . 
  heard it there first . 
  there are certain people who think that wec currently provides better show than f1 despite being less known by masses . 
  what is you opinion on the matter ? 
  do you think endurance racing has potential to be just as popular as shorter f1 racing in the future ? 
  damn . 
  i 'm not sure it would exactly be a driving lesson though . 
  he he he ... 
  is noise still an issue with current cars though ? 
  some say he still uses the same model . 
  he never complained when people bashed his competitors for some moaning and stuff . 
  now it 's a problem ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand his frustration with mclaren honda , but for once they broadcasted his dissatisfied radio and he makes such claims . 
  people definitely should realise that they speak in the heat of moment , but do n't take it away . 
  it 's a great spicing for all that drama and usually even the only way we can hear drivers without pr crap . 
  i do n't even know a person who has ever seen a full le mans race . 
  i know plenty who watch grand prix though . 
  at least from time to time . 
  did you watch f1 when valencia was there ?
