  not surprising at all , he 's had one great run in his career , and that 's pretty much the point of this statistic . 
  those new fans ... watching since 2014 , right ? 
  you would n't speak of him that way otherwise . 
  what 's up with so many people bashing great drivers for having one weak season ? 
  how about chilton ... 
  exactly , ted is probably the only biased reporter i really like although i do n't share his preferences . 
  he just knows how to sum things up in a good and fun way to watch/listen to . 
  my favourite person from skyf1 crew . 
  so grosjean driving like crap and suddenly getting better is good . 
  but kimi driving just slow ( not like crap , did n't see any brutal crashes ) after bringing most points to lotus is not good ? 
  explain please . 
  nah , our local media call him the destroyer , bulldozer etc. 
  ( loosely translated ) this is still pretty nice . 
  yep , his best `` from deep '' drive was in abu dhabi 2012 i would say ... he made some small mistakes , but still ... from last to 3rd . 
  never won though . 
  it was ricciardo ? 
  i remember jev for some reason . 
  well , that 's funny from current perspective . 
  yeah , i remember that , just did swap tr drivers . 
  not defending seb in this case , it was stupid from his side . 
  good to see their official pr tries to improve , but this is poorly designed in terms of placing . 
  for example it looks like lewis has 10 wins and nico has 12 poles and that 's all . 
  i know they divided it in these circles , but that 's just not distinctive enough . 
  this issue happens in every single team 's image . 
  let 's put on tinfoil hats ... but seriously , would n't penalise for that . 
  in multiplayer though , ai is kinda slow even on best difficulty in singapore , you can literally just chill through that race and still win ... 
  i find monaco much worse . 
  got ta respect him that he held that rage up until now , i would 've blown way sooner ... we 're talking months here . 
  he has full right to be mad . 
  compared to what was happening in senna vs prost battle it 's clean . 
  monaco is pure conspiracy . 
  spa was an incident , not crashing on purpose ( again , compared to svp , it 's pretty clean ) . 
  [ oh , and ... ] ( http://www.blogcdn.com/www.urlesque.com/media/2010/12/deal-with-it.jpg ), 
  the link man , click it . 
  [ nah , it does n't have to be for the first time . 
   ] ( http://www.allmystery.de/i/tkvwima_see-boobs-1st-2nd-and-5679th-time.jpg ), 
  i prefer current length . 
  not longer , not shorter . 
  it provides enough space for both straightforward action and some endurance-ish side of battle with strategies and stuff . 
  who does n't like underdog with big smile , great driving skills and some seriously good overtaking moves ? 
   i would n't bet on him though , gap is too big . 
  i just do n't get why did they try to do anything about it in the first place . 
  some say that fans wanted these changes - but which fans ? 
  every single f1 fan i 've met since thinks this is stupid and had no problems with radio communication in the past . 
  who the hell wanted this mess ? 
  almost every team radio this gp i felt like `` okay ... so this is cool ? 
  so ... what 's actually banned ? '', 
  pure mess . 
  yeah , it 's probably going to happen someday ... and as with vettel and rosberg , i 'm going to have a tough time arguing about him not being so bad . 
  it 's some kind of cycle . 
  that was awesome . 
  almost felt like he thought `` another penalty ? 
  i 'm gon na show them ! '', 
  first thing that came across my mind . 
  i do n't care if it 's efficient for the constructor 's championship ( probably not ) and which team would that be in , i just want to see that . 
  too bad it 's never going to happen . 
  wtf man , do you watch sport news and complain about them reporting results too ? 
  it 's pretty much the same thing . 
  i like nico , but come on man ... that 's just pr stuff . 
  i know i would n't like seeing my main rival winning , it 's not like nico is a bad guy because of that , but it 's fair to admit he 's not meme-ish good guy either . 
  he 's been generally pretty popular in japan as far as i remember ... interesting tho . 
  i like that white fron on red bull , it looks pretty cool to me . 
  and marussia ... mmm ... really nice concepts !, 
   no power assisted steering, 
  this would need them to change the whole cockpit design , they would need much more space to turn without steering assist . 
  plus it would only make driving more physically difficult , not more challenging in general . 
  afaik their focus is towards 2015 game which should come with brand new next-gen engine . 
  i would wait until next year , since the 2015 game should be released earlier . 
  buying 2014 is n't worth the investment , better wait for next year . 
  just to make it clear : i was really thinking of marking this as ot , but then i decided not to ... it 's kinda alot connected with gw2 community . 
  same thing was happening to me in wvw yesterday , probably some server spike after wvw reset . 
  pve & wvw content probably runs on same server , so yeah , you were not the only one . 
  considering that `` you '' meant op ... no , i do n't want people to stop being critical of the game . 
  i am personally very critical about the game too . 
  i just thought that her opinion might be relevant to current mood in gw2 community - which , as upvotes of this post proved , really is . 
  i 'm sorry if it annoyed you too much . 
   i do n't know if that 's kate welch 's account that posted it here . 
  is it ? 
  nope , i 'm just a guy who follows her on twitter . 
  wtf dude , how is this connected with sjw crap ? 
  i enjoy most classes and i generally like leveling experience ( especially in gw2 ) , nothing more about it . 
   once i get them to 80 , i do n't play them too much . 
  my level 80 gaming is focused on my main . 
  i also like exploring some areas in the game - i usually find many places i 've forgot since my first leveling experience in 2012 . 
  it 's just fun , no special reasoning behind that . 
  nope , he just jabbed on his current `` mr. always nice '' image . 
  like nobody ever gets emotional ... 
  i would n't bother that much about it . 
  damn , i 've been following wtf1 for years and i never realised that he works for red bull . 
  canada 2011 was epic . 
  even as sebastian 's fan , i was just happy for mclaren and jenson , what a drive and comeback . 
  definitely one of his best races . 
  you mean one of your party members linked it in the chat , right ? 
  there may be some people overly attached to wp and his videos but calling him overrated since 2012 ? 
  he 's still by far the best gw2 youtube content creator . 
  you should n't rate people in the first place , but then if you do , do n't base it on whether you agree with them or not . 
  and i tend to disagree with him in this matter too - just in case you would call me fanboy . 
  it 's a bit ot , but still ... imo happy is kinda good song , the only problem with it is how bloody overused and overplayed it is/was ( not even counting in that `` do happy dance in your town '' event ) . 
  not a pharell fan , but still , there are much worse songs . 
  he 's a human being after all .
