  problem solved . 
  why did you even make a thread about it when you answered your question by yourself . 
  no , he closed on kimi to simply push him a bit more off his faster line . 
  pretty safe in such slow corner and fairly smart to ensure you can get ahead . 
  it 's called racing , you might have noticed that 's what your senpai does for living . 
  it would have worked usually , but he did n't count on verstappen filling up the space that kimi could have maneuvered in otherwise . 
  but either way , verstappen was there , and therefore vettel crashed into kimi who could n't move to the side . 
  kimi definitely is n't at fault , he was pretty much sandwiched between seb nad max . 
  i 'd say like 60 % fault on seb 's side and 40 % fault on max 's side who did n't even have full car space there ( he was mostly on kerbs ) . 
  seb acknowledged that and apologized ( as you said above ) ... problem solved . 
  you 're really just trying to make a non-story here . 
  why do n't you just shut up and enjoy that your senpai is driving well again after being trashed for 2 years straight by two different drivers . 
  both are legends though . 
  you learn fast, 
  the worst thing really is that he still believes that ferrari 's cockup in first corner ( ignoring his part for now ) justifies that shit he pulled later . 
  ** max ** imal cunt, 
  seb : `` fuck off you ! '', 
  10 \\ 10 would try to talk through it like men again . 
  you know , even if it was n't for vettel , odds are he would have just tanked kimi almost in a kvyat fashion anyways . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure good guy max was just thinking about good points that will ferrari lose in fight with red bull . 
  that definitely must be it ... 
  this stupid argument once again . 
  f1 is full of true personalities , the only guy that always stroke me with exceptionally corporate pr sounding answers is rosberg . 
  maybe . 
  but probably it 's just because eau rouge is way cooler name . 
  two likely scenarios :, 
  first one - they crash anyways . 
  verstappen then takes second place . 
  probably ros ves ric podium . 
  second one - vettel would have forced raikkonen to lift and turn right . 
  raikkonen would then be very exposed to verstappen in rundown to eau rouge . 
  either ros vet rai or ros vet ves podium . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  i was one of those who were defending him back when he was announced - yeah , back then , when you probably did n't even know that there is this thing called formula 1 . 
  i was very happy to see that he actually proved wrong those who criticised him without even giving him a chance to drive . 
  i was genuinely happy that he proved himself very capable . 
  now i still have loads of respect for his achievements overall , but not for the way he behaves both on and off the track . 
  he 's also dutch i think . 
  cool fella . 
  vettel pushed drivers off track so hard and on purpose that he even got himself off the track limits ? 
  vettel made split-second blocking moves in 330 km/h that even forced the guy behind him to hop on brakes ? 
  vettel was weaving ? 
  yes , vettel screwed up in first corner as well . 
  does n't justify max 's maneuvers later in the race - which is the biggest cause of this outrage . 
  stop trying to play it like it 's just about first corner . 
  people are n't pissed off that much because of that , people are pissed of because over time he accumulated all this stuff and did n't even get investigated . 
  at least once . 
  meanwhile rosberg gets penalised for doing exactly the same thing to him , and vettel too even though he obviously pushed massa off track just because he lost control for a moment - though to be fair he really shoud have let him get ahead then . 
  that 's the problem most people have here . 
  this races dotd was pretty tough one imo . 
  not because of too many shining performances but rather just too many ... okay ... performances . 
  if that makes sense . 
  it was mentioned many times , but yeah ... plagueis book . 
  and mara jade ... maybe ... with some major rewriting of course . 
  i like the idea of luke not living his whole life as a loner . 
  i liked the original idea of new jedi order that was way more open to certain stuff such as love . 
  if they just make it like he made the new jedi order exactly the same as it was before the knightfall ... he did n't learn anything from their mistakes at all . 
  that droid fella from rogue one could be one . 
  cool story but they really would have to tune him down . 
  dude was pulling star destroyers from the skies . 
  yoda , palpatine or vader look like freaking amateurs next to him . 
  no matter how i look at it , that 's not quite right . 
  mo-cap suit . 
  but the model itself should be all cgi . 
  he definitely gets somewhat triggered when it comes to slavery . 
  in some tcw episodes he lost his temper quite a bit just because he encountered slavers . 
  but i do n't think he had the problem with masters in jedi order . 
  it 's a whole different concept . 
  impressive , most impressive . 
  only master of evil . 
  oh just imagine all the dank memes if we get to see kimi racing around kymi ring . 
  he was born in belgium , yes . 
  i imagine it 's cause his dad is dutch and was driving with dutch flag in f1 before , so he continued the family tradition . 
  yes . 
  that 's what my first sentence says . 
  to be fair i usually have this feeling that he dislikes pretty much everybody on the grid . 
  i think i can agree with this yet at the same time think he mostly talks 100 % bulllshit the other time . 
  it 's like when i agree on one thing with politician from a party that i 'd never vote for anyways . 
  pretty simple . 
  i get what you mean but it 's not really just a skin of battlefield . 
  battlefield games play very differently to battlefront . 
  battlefront was on purpose tailored to be even more mainstream compatible , almost call of duty esque stuff is in there ... 
  oh please . 
  just like every driver who 's not in red , right ... 
  edit : i mean , seriously ... ferrari fans boo every single driver who is n't ferrari affiliated . 
  max has nothing to worry about . 
  edit 2 : ok , sorry . 
  some fans go crazy on monza every year no matter if it 's verstappen or whoever . 
  some ferrari fans boo ( you hear these mostly ) pretty much everybody who 's not wearing red . 
  we cool again ? 
  what kind of max thread would that be without him commenting with stupid hashtag about somebody 's saltiness . 
  he writes shitty comments like this and then proceeds to complain about downvotes , putting all blame on his flair . 
  sure m8 ... 
  his drives in spa is what sold me on him . 
  i doubted him when i saw his cockup in austria , but since then he was good . 
  if he wins this championship he probably should get a drive in f1 . 
  you want to see world war 3 or something ? 
  because that 's how you get world war 3 . 
  the booing is so standard at this point that i am almost immune to it . 
  when it started again i had some 2013 triggering going on but at this point booing holds almost zero significance since it 's randomly being done towards pretty much anybody on the podium .
