  yeah because marriage between people from similar business is now clearly a proof of media conspiracy ... 
  are you people for real ? 
  seriously wondering . 
  got here from r/all ... 
  holy crap that 's some online games quality racing . 
  could you provide some example of his bad behavior ? 
  i do n't follow dtm and i am interested . 
  i 'll watch , thanks for the link !, 
  did n't know that it 's so easy to watch dtm online hehe . 
  sounds like csgo hehe . 
  that 's not very nice . 
  uh ... that 's even worse than when i photoshoped his champagne face on him [ last year after austrian gp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/abswmvx.png ) . 
  i like that . 
  too much minecraft . 
  what the fuck . 
  well , if it 's handling is at least similar to real racing 3 i 'll be one happy gamer . 
  very interested what approach will they take . 
  hopefuly not another top down look racing game . 
  given that my current laptop is unable to run recent f1 games ( 2015 + ) , at least this could kill some time when travelling . 
  which is n't really that surprising given that even older mobile devices are able to run gta games that ran on ps2 ... with ehnanced graphics . 
  i do n't think this will be complete conversion of `` big platforms '' game , no way they are going to make that stuff run on these mobile chipsets , however fast they are . 
  it 's likely going to be entirely new game that just shares licence and some features with `` big '' f1 2016 . 
  kinda like ea does mobile versions of some of their games as well - hopefuly codemasters wo n't be as aggressive with microtransactions and such though . 
  check out mobile fifa for example and compare it to console version to get the idea what i 'm talking about . 
  it could happen , but i 'd surely love if it was just let 's say 10 euros and that 's it . 
  this entire thing could be good for f1 in general too . 
  apple is very mainstream , the fact that they shown it on their keynote might actually attract some people to check out the sport . 
  stoffel vandoorne has more points than me as well . 
  maybe it 's time for another megathread . 
  huh ... you sure you are replying to right comment in right thread ? 
  / / edit : why downvotes ... guess i missed the joke , somehow . 
  just what about everbody has been asking for . 
  seems like they are in to provide best entertainment possible in order to grow viewership in order to maximise profit instead of just maximising profit from what 's left in the sport . 
  i am very positive about this , hopefuly i am not mistaken . 
  oh wow , did n't know that already existed . 
  i only remember some kind of top down f1 racing game . 
  that guy will surely have some mighty excuses for him ready to engage up his sleeve . 
  implying that sainz is just about as strong as ricciardo is ? 
  that 's bold . 
  damn it . 
  i prefer to act like that year never happened lol . 
  he fucking wiped floor with him . 
  i think you 'd have serious trouble finding at least one f1 fan who actually thinks kvyat has any chance of going back to rbr . 
  mp4-22 never suggested that . 
  it was the best podium interview moment in a very long time . 
  you 're completely oblivious that this sub does n't care for these shitposts . 
  [ also this mercedes mechanic . 
  ] ( http://cdn-9.motorsport.com/static/img/mgl/3800000/3850000/3857000/3857900/3857979/s8/f1-bahrain-gp-2015-mercedes-amg-f1-mechanics-on-the-grid.jpg ), 
  yeah , that 's it i think . 
  it also worked in browser on computers for some time iirc . 
  not my cup of tea to be honest . 
  well , mobile hardware progressed alot since 2011 so hopefuly their game 's qualities are going to reflect that . 
  it can be great if they do it right . 
  not sure what that actually means , it 's very generic statement ... but hey , let 's go crazy . 
  imagine they lowered brutal money requirements for circuits and we get : 2 german gps , 2 italian gps , french gp , dutch gp , ... in addition to no more fucking threatening to some major circuit every year . 
  heck let 's go for 2 or 3 british gps too , i love me some donington and brand 's hatch !, 
  fuck sochi , screw baku , go to hell bahrain . 
  let 's make f1 great again !, 
  i might have gone a it overboard with this comment , i know . 
  who cares about reason when it comes to wild fantasies ... 
  oh yeah , i would n't mind india , second-third sector is pretty sick . 
  i also quite enjoy china , kinda wish russians had better track available ... 
  ooh , i did n't even know ( i know local companies , not who owns them on global scale ) . 
  to get f1 back to free tv here ( cze ) would be great . 
  the quality of broadcasts improved just slightly when switched to paid channel and that does n't really say much tbh . 
  it 's the way of making money that matters . 
  sure they are n't going to do it as charity , but there is solid room for improvement over what f1 has been doing for past years . 
  even if we still continue racing in shady oil countries in the middle of nowhere , at least we are likely going to get proper online services on the same level that other motorsports already have . 
  services we do n't have thanks to people who were governing the sport until this point . 
  so no , it might not be night and day difference , but at least it 's something - i mean , they already promised more digital approach , so there 's that . 
  i respect bernie alot for what he did for f1 back in the days , but his leadership days are coming to an end . 
  f1 has to move on . 
  but what about middle class pensioners who want to buy rolexes :(, 
  damn i am so positive about this , even in that sky interview this carey guy seemed charismatic . 
  hopefuly they do n't fuck it up . 
  last time i was this positive about something was when ferrari was building a car for 2016 ... 
  well hamilton is not just cheered , many people despise him , but the hate towards him is n't as strong as it was towards vettel back in the days , that 's true , at least it seems that way to me . 
  hamilton has a few things going for him better :, 
  his activity outside off track made him a superstar , ( most ) people like superstars . 
  his racecraft is better , i am one of the biggest vettel fanboys on this sub , but there 's no way i could argue against the fact that hamilton is more exciting driver . 
  even though he is dominant , to certain extent his teammate puts up decent fight to him . 
  this could be said about webber just in 2010 , and rbr blatantly favored vettel . 
  british `` wing-gate '' was arguable , but turkey crash made that painfuly obvious . 
  multi21 . 
  after long time for once rbr decided to favor webber 's position ... and vettel disobeyed order and screwed over what genuinely could have been webber 's last f1 win . 
  that does n't gain you many popularity points either . 
  hamilton never did anything like that . 
  he even put it into quotation marks for christ 's sake , if that alone does n't shout `` figuratively speaking '' i do n't know what else does . 
  people these days are overly sensitive . 
  do n't get me wrong , rape is a horrible crime and should be punished very hard with no mercy - but that should n't mean that you ca n't use word in other contexts . 
  world can be very evil place sometimes , you can try to fight it , but not like this . 
  this does n't help . 
  i do n't think you are going to get downvoted . 
  i think many people believe that too . 
  myself included . 
  marko might be good at managing their young driver programme , but he 's an ass when it comes to pushing his favorite driver 's agenda in the main team . 
  although to be fair , ricciardo is still a red bull product , webber was n't ... who knows ... if i had to bet i 'd say you are right . 
  wow , actual a quality game for free !, 
  great stuff , thanks for the tip . 
  hehe , `` dark humor '' - understatement of century .
