  still drove well nevertheless . 
  at least relatively to his previous standard . 
  it was balanced out by people being salty that he got dotd again so all is good . 
  i always loved san francisco circuit in grid series ... but i 'm pretty sure that would n't work well with f1 cars hehe . 
  i think so . 
  i know that everybody is a general after war is over , but i genuinely thought that they should have pitted him right away . 
  it was clearly very loose even when going in low speeds . 
  i also fail to see how would a front wing in such state provide any good downforce even if it would n't fall . 
  whatever their reasoning was , they took their chance and it did n't work out . 
  all things considered i think yesterday 's race ended up really good though , so i 'm not really mad . 
  it could have ended way worse ... say 2013 malaysia kind of worse , where alonso kept going with damage as well and lost his front wing entirely , which retired him from the race . 
  i go through them when i am eating a dinner or something like that when i just want something to listen to in the background ... yeah . 
  but i can see your point , most of them are pretty generic and unless some major drama goes down i 'm not really looking forward to them . 
  i just tune in over the week to some . 
  he 's good , but he needs some sort of clusterfuck in front to make it happen . 
  that does n't happen very often , so i would n't keep my hopes up if i were him . 
  but it 's possible . 
  lol , this has to be the first time he 's not been a dick when it comes to talking about vettel . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed , i was genuinely curious what would he pull out and bash him with this time around . 
  even if he did , mercedes had just as many options to test as ferrari did . 
  exactly . 
  they should have pushed their drivers to test harder . 
  single race weekend performance is a very different thing than all season performance . 
  besides ... even hamilton was still getting used to the new car in australia . 
  why is he even making such statements ? 
  i really doubt rosberg cares at this point . 
  hmm , fair enough . 
  that makes sense . 
  yeah , the only way i 'd push for f1 in my company would be me being a hardcore fan of the sport . 
  it 's too risky . 
  blue balls are very real with this one . 
  i 'll judge him as a rookie when it comes to current regulations , not as a rookie overall . 
  what i mean by that is kubica definitely should have a benefit of doubt for a few race weekends before he settles in with modern car - if he is off the pace first , i would n't blame him . 
  but if he makes some dumb mistakes that is more about general racing experience ( i.e. 
  some wild divebomb ) i wo n't shrug it off as a rookie mistake . 
  i 'm aboard then . 
  palmer is in this weird position for me . 
  usually when i want a guy to leave f1 i have very sour feelings towards said driver ( last time it was maldonado ) . 
  palmer does n't talk shit , he never crashed my favorites , made some sketchy moves , or anything like that ... 
  i do n't really feel anyhow about palmer , i do n't hate him , i do n't think of him in a bad way or whatever . 
  heck from what i 've seen he seems like a nice fella . 
  but he 's really slow . 
  even if it 's not kubica replacing him , he simply does n't have the pace for f1 . 
  after 7 gp weekends , solid testing mileage and ( for most ) being somewhat involved in car 's development and preparations since the beginning ... not really imho . 
  at least not when compared to a guy who hops in mid-season . 
  to think that this potential `` raikkonen + '' could have been none other than robert kubica . 
  damn . 
  [ i love the details in it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttw6qrds_se ), 
  took me a while to realize that fangio was from argentina , not italy lol . 
  shame on me ... but still made it 14/14 in time . 
  world champion sets the example right there . 
  racing is actually pretty good , give it another shot sometime . 
  it was just a funny dig . 
  because first thing that would occur to me afterwards is taking a selfie lol . 
  not like alonso can do much about that shit of an engine . 
  look , it 's nice that you 're so passionate about the team and all , but there 's really no point trying to argue that it 's better than supporting a single driver as it 's all purely just personal preference . 
  you ca n't rationalize fandom . 
  you can embrace your fandom without telling everybody else to do the same . 
  maybe he wanted to wait with that statement until they are sure that it 's actually a worthwhile upgrade . 
  i think journalists asked him , so he gave his honest opinion . 
  shrug it off . 
  i really doubt he has any interest of shit stirring about ferrari . 
  sometimes i just ca n't tell whether somebody in online is serious or not . 
  especially when i do n't know them . 
  free practice never tells the entire story . 
  all good then , no offense meant . 
  if only mercedes had different color-scheme , it would be without a doubt their car . 
  ha , so that 's why their og mac client had `` beta '' written in it 's description for so long . 
  spent about 1200 hours in vanilla . 
  imo it 's the best casual-friendly mmo . 
  i did n't tune into guild wars 2 much in years ( not much time ) , yet i know whenever i want to , i 'll only have to catch up on story content , because there is no crazy gear treadmill . 
  surely , there is better and worse gear , but margins are really small when compared to other mmos . 
  easily one of my favorite games of all time , despite the fact that i did n't play it much lately . 
  recommend to anybody who loves open world games or fantasy . 
  verstappen already pissed off vettel considerably last year and they are still on okay terms after everything cools down . 
  i know you do n't like vettel and all , and i 'm not saying that vettel would be as happy with max as he is with kimi , but it 's not like vettel is n't willing to shake hands with drivers he had major disputes with before . 
  same goes to his situation in 2014 when he was wrecked by ricciardo . 
  i do n't recall him ever really being salty or trying to downplay ricciardo 's performance . 
  he cheered for him when ricciardo won his first race . 
  the only thing was `` tough luck '' incident and that 's barely something major as he moved over eventually . 
  i 'm not sure if that really matters to ferrari . 
  they are n't exactly a brand for regular folks anyways . 
  and since they already sell their entire sponsorshpi area on car to philip morris i do n't think they care at all about any potential sponsorship money loses . 
  ca n't watch this race live sadly , so here 's just me wishing that it 's wortwhile to watch from replay ... enjoy the race guys . 
  not expecting much from it unless some shit goes down in turn 1 anyways to be honest . 
  i love the track in game , but irl i 'm afraid it will be another sochi-esque race . 
  from non-f1 tracks certainly bathurst , even though i 'm not sure if it would be quality racing ... for one season i 'd love to see that . 
  from previous f1 tracks ... istanbul and nurburgring . 
  just want to thank you for making these clips , now that i am travelling i can at least watch bits of racing instead of just reading autosport 's live text commentary . 
  clearly on bottas . 
  shame , but that 's racing . 
  glad that seb got through safely . 
  crap , from reading through live commentary this actually seems like an interesting race so far . 
  dumb move by lewis ... and absolutely retarded revenge by seb . 
  wtf . 
  no i 'm not . 
  it was dumb . 
  and vettel deserves black flag . 
  this fucking race lol , watching this mostly from text description is painful and awesome at the same time .
