  it might not look as hardcore as standard iihf since women are n't as strong ( usually ) , but that does n't matter behind the wheel . 
  women can be as agressive as men . 
  monaco 2014 conference if i remember correctly . 
  probably the longest sentence he has ever said . 
  very congratulations . 
  wow . 
  same here . 
  i hate when people call me women-hater ( ca n't remember that word for it now ) just because i do n't give a damn about all the crap carmen or susie say about men dominating in f1 . 
  i 'd be freaking happy to have super fast ladies in cars fighting with men ... seriously ... these are dream chicks for me . 
  but they have to be super fast first . 
  true legend , he always goes for the gap that exists . 
  yep , that 's it !, 
  ricciardo did same gesture too . 
  very nice of them . 
  very good race , formula e is doing much better than i expected before it started . 
  big potential for future . 
  i love lollipop . 
  it just looks so much better . 
  no battery issues , camera works just as good as on kk ( well , modded camera provided more features , but quality wise it 's great ) . 
  only thing i miss is from kk is good xposed support ( automatic ok when entering pin , quick access to flashlight with volume up , etc. 
  ) , but that 'll come as time goes by . 
  well , lewis knows that seb won mostly because he had better strategy . 
  but seb was still ahead of nico all the time - and that 's the last thing nico needs for his championship chances . 
  stereotypical `` social studies '' student . 
  do women drivers really want this stupid b ... imbo be their f1 representative ? 
  she 's not worthy of that role . 
  she 's not worthy of any motorsport discipline . 
  better leave that to susie , seriously . 
  jord\u00e1 being in f1 is the most unfair thing really . 
  what ? 
  fair enough . 
  but debugging can be pain in the arse even if you love dev job . 
  at least speaking for myself . 
  :-p so big thumbs up for that guy 's dedication . 
  you have no fucking idea what are you talking about . 
  it 's always easy to sit on your lazy ass and bitch about stuff all the time . 
  new system just changed how is `` braking signal '' transmitted between driver 's input and brakes . 
  there is a computer between the two now , but no abs . 
  considering how harder current cars are to drive compared to those in 2013 it 's an insult towards drivers . 
  i 'm not sure , but maldonado probably ? 
  won gp in spain , and ended up 15th in championship . 
  nico made me cheer for hamilton lolz, 
  but vettel wdc 2016, 
  i can dream, 
  did n't he already `` reveal '' that in 2013 or something ? 
  i think i 've already read something like that . 
  i can understand his sentiment though , while i do n't write love songs exactly , writing short poems and stories is great way to relax . 
  why would he return ? 
  formula e is so much more fun and full of battles . 
  update : that 's what he said . 
  your name dude . 
  your name made me laugh more than is appropriate . 
  too late buddy . 
  imo : button  rosberg  hulk  sainz  alonso  rest, 
  take this more as a scale of `` damn i would love to look like that guy ! '', 
  rather than ... something else . 
  average in general movie terms . 
  but as a motorsport movie ... i 'd honestly take 5 more right now no problems at all . 
  many people did i guess . 
  ftfy : that 's where most players in public multiplayer races get their inspiration . 
  i honestly expected both rosberg and sainz to end up higher . 
  `` hottest couple on the grid . '', 
  slowly going higher !, 
  i 'm pleased , once again seb did good job and put that car right where it should be . 
  hopefully he can at least chase nico tomorrow . 
  kimi very dissapointing , but he still has a chance to get ahead of williams in race as their pace does n't seem as good to me . 
  i 'm still wondering if sauber made such step forward because of new ferrari pu , or just because they made somewhat decent car . 
  downforce , bitch !, 
  to be fair , i usually fail to hit chinese pit entry too . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i understand both sides - if i was in hamilton 's position , i 'd ask for as much money as they could give me too . 
  but at the same moment , nico is n't wrong . 
  why would they pay 200 million to somebody , when much cheaper guy can win in their dominant car too . 
  bottom line is ... it 's their internal thing , let them do the math and negotiations . 
  not sure how wise it is from nico to say this publicly . 
  it 's hard to say whether you guys are trolling or not , but come on . 
  last year people agreed that seb & kimi have similar driving styles , and studdenly they do n't ? 
  kimi is simply past his peak . 
  edit : nevermind , read your posts elsewhere , trolling . 
  i did n't say you 're not his fan . 
  you can also be his fan and at the same time troll * a bit * . 
  i think he likes it more than f14t , that 's all i can say . 
  fair enough , i do n't doubt hamilton deserving more money than rosberg . 
  but damn it , 200 million usd is quite overkill , ai n't it ? 
  alonso is arguably even better driver and i doubt he has that fat paycheck . 
  would you rather invest 200 million into driver , or give driver 20/30 million + bonuses for good results and invest rest into car development ? 
  but hey , i 'm no racing team ceo , i 'm just a guy on reddit with opinions . 
  if lewis manages to negotiate 200 million usd contract , good for him !, 
  vettel never said a single shit about him even when they were directly fighting for championship unless he was asked . 
  alonso certainly has more politician in him ... anyways i do n't think he 's jabbing at vettel , more like he responds to people trash-talking him and his decision now . 
  / u/metamorphomisk has had alonso flair since ... ever ? 
  because most people are very annoyed , right ? 
   people acting like fernando went up to a podium with a microphone and said all these things, 
  that 's what he did iirc though . 
  not exactly on podium , but whenever seb was asked about fernando , it was usually just `` oh yeah , he 's serious wdc contender , and it would n't be wise to underestimate him blahblah . '', 
  meanwhile alonso was going full alonso and spraying around all that crap about sebastian not being good enough to challenge him without better car & shit ... and damn it he might even have been right , but that attitude is not something i exactly admire . 
  remember when he said he 's feeling more like fighting newey rather than sebastian , completely ignoring webber being 5 championship positions lower in the same car ? 
  that 's the exact type of shit i do n't like . 
  i admit that i am heavily biased in this matter , but i will never forget that mind war fernando started in 2012 . 
  it 's gone by now , but in that time it was real deal , conspiracy or not , i truly believe alonso wanted to break sebastian psychologicaly in these days .
