  does anybody know who works for them in social media department ? 
  it feels like they hired people who used to work at lotus 's pr . 
  iirc many people hated alonso before his ferrari era ( we 're talking 2011 + here , the hatred towards him was still present in 2010 , especially after german gp ) . 
  i ... uh ... well ... wow . 
  thanks god i did n't say anthing ( i thought about posting that kind of comment too ) . 
  i 'm going to need a bit more time to get used to it . 
  webber never was a good guy who was just being oppressed by all-the-way evil sebastian and his uncle helmut . 
  mark was a big-mouth who always ( since minardi times ) said that once he has wcc car , he can be even better than schumi ... yeah , sure . 
  he had some stunning drives and moves during his career , but he never was good enough to beat sebastian , not even if the team would make him a # 1 driver . 
  he never lost his 2010 wdc because rbr favored vettel , he lost it because he could n't make it and he failed in korea & abu dhabi . 
  i 'm biased , i know that , but still ... that 's my opinion . 
  but seriously ... after today ... we can expect anything . 
  this ai n't hollywood man . 
  grown adult would n't want to go after some kind of `` revenge '' ( seb did n't kill his mother ) this much . 
  but let 's say thay you 're right ... then alonso has some serious mind issues , but i really doubt that 's the case . 
  exactly this captivating : #blessed #godisthegreatest #teamlh, 
  `` british star of the future against german star of the future . '', 
  - he knew !, 
  do n't tell people what to do . 
  just because i disagree with him does n't mean that i have to write an essay about it . 
  and i think he does n't care about me not agreeing with his opinions either . 
  i reply when i want to reply , not when some badoit tells me to do so . 
  is it just me or ai mistakes in first suzuka corner are the most common ai mistakes in all codemasters f1 games ? 
  it 's even in this video . 
  yes , he did apologise at the end of the race weekend . 
  i remember how i judged lewis for making a bad move when going to mercedes . 
  it was stupid and i 'm not going to make that mistake again . 
  nobody knows and articles of this kind are pointless , unless you expect them to be a summary of what we know now ( which is not much ) . 
  predict or wish ? 
   i do n't expect them to win wdc/wcc next year either , but come on . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the entire ending ceremony was very disrespectful , but i get that they had to do it ... and all three drivers acted with great class during the whole event . 
  yeah , [ muscles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiymxwydhiw ) . 
  he 's a legend . 
  who needs tons of championship titles when you 're james hunt . 
  hamilton by all means . 
  jenson 's drive was mostly a great strategy rather than awesome driving - it was a good drive , but nothing very special imo . 
  both red bull drivers did a great job , but their aerodynamical dominance over williams cars makes me feel like neither of them deserves to be my driver of the day . 
  massa , maldonado , montoya , senna ... pretty much all these south american guys . 
  some of them are great drivers , i know that , but still ... they are very aggressive . 
  i 'd personally prefer racing against button-ish type of driver . 
   steal the mercedes cars and slip them into marussia 's trucks after a quick paint job, 
  and chilton wins the race . 
  while i despise him when it comes to politics , i 've got to admit he seems like a pretty cool dude ... for a president . 
  that guardian chainsaw ... perfect . 
  they all do . 
  current f1 world is n't used to this type of stuff ( which , from certain point of view , is a good sign ) . 
  i 've never played destiny , but when i read a review somewhere , i felt like it 's guild wars 2 fps . 
  so many complaints about destiny are appliable to gw2 too ( sadly ) , except the dlc one ... that 's pretty much only thing that makes gw2 a better game . 
  i mean ... both games are still ( probably , as i have said - did n't play destiny ) lots of fun , but they do n't use all their potential . 
  truth . 
  lewis never really lost his speed like seb did , he just crashed alot . 
  which is probably better , i guess ... 
  wtf is going on , seb was getting better during the second half of the season consistently , now he has one bad result ( no excuses for that though ) and everybody loses his mind about how uncapable and bad he is ? 
  seriously , what 's up ? 
  just as others have said - nico did great , but he would n't have to try so hard if he did n't screw up the beginning . 
  lewis also did great , but there was no serious competition for him today ( which is n't his fault , do n't get me wrong ) . 
  valtteri had a good drive too , but nothing very interesting . 
  seb had a great start , but rest of his race was just meh ... tough call this time , ca n't really choose a one driver without any doubts . 
  i really liked first 2 or 3 laps , the track has great design for huge moshpit , but after the situation has stabilised ... yeah , meh . 
  more than a year before . 
  dc also raced with some guys from current starting grid , that might be why he has better relationship with them . 
  sadly enough , it does . 
  too bad that they did n't realize that when they settled down on that rule . 
  it 's not drivers fault , but many people will definitely give him a hard time for `` not being a true champion '' . 
  i honestly love having to worry about championship points , it makes it twice as much exciting . 
  looking forward to his crawling through anyways , with fresh pu ... should be fun . 
  difference is that pastor ( and romain in the past ) is just a stupid driver who makes pointless mistakes , while schumacher was dirty driver with great skills in general . 
  it does n't justify his cheating attempts , but there is no way people would rank him along with these two . 
  nobody says ( at least right there ) that fernando is saint , but that 's not an argument for schumi and his dirty stuff . 
  damn , you made me sad with that reminder of robert . 
  he was such a great driver and genuine guy , i 'm always going to miss him in f1 . 
  i believe that basic idea was great in designer 's mind , but actual outcome looks ... a bit odd . 
  oh my goodness . 
  i 've never seen that ... it 's amazing , goosebumps indeed . 
  thank you kind sir . 
  i like when ai makes mistakes , it makes them feel more natural - today i was racing in spain , good start ( ai could be better in first corners ) , but i got stuck behind virtual vettel , who was chasing both virtual ferrari guys ( i was playing as ricciardo ) . 
  this chase was going on for almost 10 laps , but then ... vettel got a bit late on breaks and crashed out both ferrari 's . 
  they all were able to continue the race ( vettel has fallen down to last and alonso was out of points though ) , but i 've gained good 3 positions in just one corner ... and then i was a bit bored , because next car was rosberg , already 21 seconds ahead . 
  but it felt pretty cool . 
  and in general ? 
  it 's not a revolution when i compare it to older games , but i did n't really expect that , so i 'm fine . 
  btw , this is actually first codemasters f1 game i was able to complete a full monaco gp without crashing ... on keyboard with medium tc though . 
  it ca n't be because of rating . 
  blame the system , not codies . 
  temperature system seems to be reworked alot , even when it comes to tyres . 
  in 2013 and older your tyres were cold just for the first lap , then they got in good temperature and stood there until the end ( unless a sc appears ) . 
  in 2014 your tyre temperatures may vary on each side depending on which corner you 're in and what driving style you have . 
  it 's good . 
  absolutely the best navigator i 've ever seen ... or heard . 
  aim for the rock, 
  it 's true though . 
  not for wdc/wcc , but win-capable definitely . 
  [ this ] ( http://stupido.pl/sites/default/files/styles/img_650w/public/obrazek/robert_kubica_ironman_2011.jpg ) should fix everything ( it 's old , i know ) . 
  but seriously , i used to be his big fan in f1 and i still like to see him not giving up and racing , even if it 's not in my favorite discipline . 
  this is classic . 
  but it 's fair to say he 's better at driving than singing . 
  seriously ? 
  he should have slowed down then ... 
  i learned that i should avoid using mystic toilet .
