  on purpose ? 
  seriously doubt that . 
  as it was expected , it seems to have absolutely crushed his confidence . 
  max 's accomplishments with a car that could have been his do n't help confidence either . 
  i was seriously mad at the guy as he obviously collided with my favorite , but damn not like this . 
  hopefuly he can step it up until the end of the season . 
  i think vettel said that he felt no difference in tyres behavior before the blow , so they probably thought they could extend it to the point until rosberg overtakes him ( maybe try to slow him down a bit too ) and then they fit on fresh tyres . 
  it could have gained them some advantage by the end of the race . 
  but whatever . 
  i think i 'm starting to get used to ferrari disappointments . 
  i would prefer to calm down the situation as a professional world-class-team leader without any stupid internet-level overreactions . 
  interesting stuff . 
  thanks for that op . 
  if possible maybe ask them how can they so early in know that 2017 renault is going to be that good ? 
  i am really interested ... 
  i mean , they have no data on 2017 specs of other manufacturers and there is still more than a half year of development for those power units ... 
  also , does renault give them a model data in advance so that they can design the chassis around it , or do they just kinda presume that it 's more or less the same as older spec and then do some fine tuning of chassis once the actual unit comes ? 
  i think ama would be the easiest approach to this - and many people would actually notice it that way ( right now this post seems rather unnoticed as everybody is busy arguing about ham vs. ros ) . 
  the red solstice, 
  it seems like a fun game to me ... thank you for this !, 
  wow , amazing stuff op . 
   thank you . 
  i 'm pretty sure this was a joke guys . 
  no need to downvote the hell out of him . 
  it 's the dark souls of computer building haha . 
  source : tried it on laptop . 
  succeeded after 4 days , it worked for a week , then it broke down and i did n't really have any more energy to try again . 
  sky does n't have control over radio broadcasting . 
  different personalities and such . 
  vettel and alonso filter their frustration immediately and are fairly cool later on . 
  he can control himself and then lets his frustration slip later in private ( if this is true ) . 
  i can understand both approaches . 
  tbh i do n't really see what 's the big story behind this . 
  if smashing his own stuff helps him to control himself when it matters most , i guess it 's okay . 
  as long as that anger stays in that room . 
  and so far it did . 
  he was n't exactly impressive as of late , but i guess red bull still looks for some fresh blood for str anyways so if he 's decent enough , he might have a chance to make it . 
  rofl that 's awkward . 
  reminds me of those late night drunk fights in pub over some pointless shit . 
  yeah , but he might have children that need something to eat and someplace to live . 
  that 's one hell of a pressure even without worldwide audience . 
  even if hamilton does n't win it this year , he 's still gon na be world fucking champion , as he tweeted some time ago . 
  pretty sure he has no problems paying for it anyways . 
  if he can afford private jet , he can also afford to replace some broken tables and decorations . 
  well i really doubt that red bull has any better options in their junior programme right now anyways . 
  at least as far as my feeder series knowledge goes . 
  he holds his own perfectly against ( although broken ) kvyat and was n't * that * far off verstappen who is generally seen as the next big thing . 
  sainz is n't next alonso , but he is still a good f1-worthy driver . 
  potentially rosberg-quality driver i 'd say - not a goat , but still pretty good to the point he could be a lesser number 1 driver rather than solid number 2 driver . 
  if that makes sense . 
  hopefully after next year he can grab a spot in some team that has more `` stable lineups '' . 
  his point is that hamilton is already at his last non-penalised engine while nico is on what ... fourth with third one still fully working ? 
  lewis will likely have to take two grid drops later in the season . 
  now i am not sure if you are writing this out of disappointment or what but i really do n't see this being so one-sided . 
  hamilton 's general pace is better , sure ... but some strategy luck , odd safety cars , crashes , mechanical failures , odd rbr/ferrari performances when they genuinely outpace them ( it happened last year it can happen this year too ) ... alot of stuff can happen that has potential to mix up the finishing order . 
  3 races ago people were throwing lewis ' championship chances under bus , now we are back to throwing nico 's chances ? 
  come on mate . 
  longest season ever . 
  rosberg fans have no damn reason to drop their belief and complain this year as long as i am here sitting and hoping for some major cockups that will allow seb grab it . 
  am i delusional ? 
  probably , do i care ? 
  not really , because i am a fan of his . 
  so come on rosberg fans , do n't give teamlh anything for free . 
  your comment made me think ... 
  i wonder what alonso did to his room after brazil 2012 . 
  yes , that 's what my comment is saying too as far as i am aware . 
   ... potentially rosberg-quality driver i 'd say - * not a goat * , but still pretty good ... 
  honestly would n't even realize it without your comment . 
  feeling embarrassed in a funny way . 
  the same way mclaren did it last year i see . 
  smart move . 
  could have been a cool scene in rush 2 . 
  guess lauda realized and decided that he does n't want a sequel . 
  they are italian too after all , excuses are their lifestyle . 
  driver conf will be like : obligatory home race quqestions to all brits . 
  obligatory haas form question for grosjean , obligatory williams form for bottas , obligatory wehrlein next points question ... and with that being done , you all guys can go home except for lewis . 
  similar stuff for team conf , maybe except that they will keep toto and vijay . 
  thanks op !, 
  [ oh , and my pet - older photo , she was pretty young there , but hey  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cy8znns.jpg ), 
  there are what , 30 + new posts every day ? 
  pretty sure you can handle one off-topic post . 
  i honestly just ca n't get over the style of it . 
  do n't hate me , but i really just ca n't enjoy myself 100 % when i am watching something with this stylization . 
  i 've seen most of it and pretty much besides some parts i honestly never enjoyed it and watched only because it 's star wars . 
  it only makes me wish that lucas could finish season 6 of tcw so that we could get proper timeline connection into rots with new clone wars as well . 
  i really liked how original clone wars ended up with them approaching the battle above coruscant , that was really cool . 
  sounds like smart business to me . 
  do n't see anything evil about that tbh . 
  guess he expected that and came mentally prepared . 
  has rosberg lost his touch , should he retire ? 
  only time will tell . 
  eh , he was booed at every single gp back in the days . 
  maybe besides german gp lol . 
  man your phone was n't cheap in first place but now it gained even more value than ever before . 
  world 's first lewis hamilton edition of galaxy s7 ( 6 ? ), 
  edge . 
  mildly relevant username , i guess . 
  well ... yeah . 
  i can understand it from this point of view , but still the way i see it is that they simply used every opportunity the market has opened to them . 
  the fact that this opportunity might have been allowed by incompetency of government that ignored outcoming situation is a slightly different subject imho .
