  if not , just tune into sochi gp , it 's the same thing . 
  just as boring . 
  mclaren wcc 2018 confirmed . 
  ooh deer . 
  remember when nico said that he would like ferrari to catch up ? 
  seb won next race . 
  no shit . 
  umm , rather not . 
  when i see the approach in their other games , you 'd probably have to buy a dlc for second half of the season and then pay another 10 $ for each top team . 
  yeah , well , that 's by 90s/early 2000s ea . 
  very different to current ea . 
  congratulations to toro rosso , you are now the \\ # 1 red bull team !, 
  nah , excel has nothing to do with programming ( vba is more like a simple scripting language than actual programming ) . 
  for starters i think the best thing probably is vb.net , the syntax is super easy to understand , and unlike older versions of visual basic , in these days there is at least some syntax relevance to other , more `` mature '' languages . 
  it really depends what technology you want to focus on , but once you get the idea of how stuff in programming works , all you have to do is to learn new syntax and some very specific stuff and you 're good to go with almost anything . 
  from my own perspective i would definitely advise you to start with c # or java , both of these are very similar , both of these are commonly used , and especially - both of these are way easier to understand and work with for beginners , especially compared to c or c++ . 
  if you 're hardcore and want to understand stuff in depth , c/c + + is your way to go , but make sure you at least understand how memory in computers work . 
  c is harder , but if you master it , you are good to go in almost any current programming challenge . 
  i 'm obviously talking mostly about desktop/mobile programming stuff , i 'm not very into web coding , so i ca n't tell you much about that as i only know necessary basics myself . 
  piquet was correct when he answered question about senna by saying `` i 'm alive . '', 
  too . 
  does n't change much . 
  i appreciate honesty , but he still said it in a dickish way . 
  as far as i can see most people here do n't say that he 's wrong , they just say it was a dick answer , which it was . 
  at the end of the day we are arguing over nothing though , it 's just some banter . 
  now that 's some proper silly season shit , did n't even think about that . 
  i wonder how that would change some people 's minds about horner - your average opinion on the guy currently is that he is arrogant crybaby who was in just for winning . 
  if he catches team back out of pure passion for it , people should show some fucking respect to the guy after all that mocking . 
  not that it 's happening , but i 'd love to see it . 
  that sounds very diplomatic , but yeah , seb never really stroke me as a politics type of guy , i 'd say he genuinely prefers to stay aside in these negotiations . 
  he 's a driver , after all . 
  care to provide some source ? 
  i thought it 's just a change of material what caused this increase in sparkling . 
  fake or not , i like it . 
  upvoted for lols . 
  i thought it was some kind of trolling on your side , did n't expect it to be an actual brainfart . 
  cheers . 
   according to the rumors, 
  there you go . 
  i hate to be that guy , but where are ferrari and mercedes boys ? 
  he definitely did , i remember that nicole told him how she likes the beard when he came there . 
  in other words : no , you do n't care to provide any source . 
  better two quality boobies than three right ... 
  when the cars backlight starts to blink it 's a sign that their car is harvesting energy for ers , but in this case it was just a rain light , he misinterpreted it . 
  holy shit , how did drivers not say anything ? 
  or did they ? 
  i 'd shit my pants to drive in these conditions without any light . 
  he might even win this if he really keeps that consistency up whilst competition goes up and down . 
  i just hope they wo n't push them into racing in the dark . 
  the sun is slowly going away ... 
  i 'd love to see bottas get a win if that happens , but let 's be realistic - it would be vettel , maybe through strategy , maybe through pure pace , but it would be vettel . 
  kneejerk at it 's best . 
  for fucks sake . 
  one god damn time he 's a bit faster and his car breaks down . 
  nah , i did n't say anything like that . 
  this race is ... well ... 
  surprisingly fun . 
  especially compared to last year . 
  that 's not even a rookie mistake . 
  that 's f1 online gaming mistake . 
  not cool , should get penalised . 
  really good race . 
  seriously , what a race , did n't expect that from sochi . 
  all top three men were driving top class today . 
  bottas good performance too . 
  kimi gets my boo of the day , but hey , at least it gave podium to force india !, 
  are you serious ? 
  i always thought you are one of those at least a little bit reasonable kimsters . 
  you wan na dance ? 
  i can do this type of trolling too !, 
  it 's kimiquokka you 're talking to . 
  he was obviously talking about bottas . 
  to add to you point : neither obama or putin should be using f1 to promote their image , and out of these two only one of them is doing so . 
  yeah . 
  and this should be a great proof that degrading tyres really are good for the show . 
  checks username . 
  checks profile . 
  troll account . 
  well it certainly ca n't be named after you op , since you do n't provide shit to this community . 
  maybe just because he has more power . 
  just kidding ... maybe ... 
  it 's even worse in full size . 
  just shows how much of a pr machine fom is . 
  for god 's sake , once upon a time drivers actually show some genuine emotion , joke a bit , and they act like this ... meh . 
  they need to loosen their fucking belts a bit . 
  great post race confference . 
  of course he 's going to defend his driver . 
  perfectly describes this sub after malaysia 2015 . 
  myself included . 
  oh here we go , so now he 's burning bridges with lotus ( it certainly wo n't boost their morale ) ? 
  man i despise this man . 
  i 'll give him that he can be fast on his day , but he deserves one hell of a slap . 
  f1 was nowhere near as popular before he took over . 
  yes , now it 's on decline , but chances are you or me would n't ever be f1 fans had it not been for bernie 's magical business skills . 
  f1 drivers are ego-driven hypercompetitive bastards . 
  that 's why they do it and why we love them . 
  i definitely think cota is better overall , but there is certain flavor to oval tracks , even though f1 indy is n't all just oval . 
  cota is great , but it feels like it could be placed anywhere . 
  indianapolis feels like ... as cliche as it might sound , it feels more american . 
  silverstone .
