  maybe it 's time to move on . 
  he swapped youth with webber early on . 
  mark already looked mid 30s back when he was starting . 
  so ... space toilets and singing droids are now canon ... 
  i always wondered , thanks for clearing that up dave . 
  seriously , this has to be one of the most poorly written episodes of this season . 
  way too much stuff was either too convenient for imperials or in the end too convenient for rebels . 
  why did n't ezra have his lightsaber with him right when he needed it ? 
  where the hell is kanan , having a beer with rex again ? 
  why did n't wedge catch at least slight suspicion ? 
  why out of sudden a radio signal can blow up entire ship ? 
  not to mention this was one of the very few times when empire crew seemed competent , they deserved more . 
  overall i think the episode was okay , but it had way too many holes in it . 
  for the first time since season 1 i genuinely thought to myself `` eh , it 's a kids show , i should n't overthink it . '', 
  here 's hoping finale is waaaaaaaay better . 
  they have quite a benchmark set by season 2 finale . 
  nah , i do n't really feel that way . 
  one season earlier people complained that she 's too dull , now that there 's something actually important about her people feel like she has too much stuff on her back ? 
  give me a break . 
  rebels series has some issues , this is none of them . 
  exactly . 
  star wars does n't really treat in-universe kids as kids - once they are able to walk and talk they either trained in the force ( whilst also being taken away from their parents ) , became politicians or blew up orbit station controlling droid army ... 
  i do n't see how sabine should deviate from this standard . 
  the dream . 
  my personal hype is few wins , not championship . 
  that alone would be better than 2016 . 
  oddly enough even people who usually do n't believe ferrari now think they could have something up their sleeve heh . 
  i certainly hope they are right , but i am still very careful . 
  if they manage to get second or ( and ?! ), 
  first in australia then i am onboard the train for reals . 
  judging by testing i am pretty sure ... that they ca n't finish . 
  they will be happy to have at least one car in the finish . 
  hamilton , i do n't really doubt that and that 's coming from your no . 
  regarding concerts : i think it depends on type/level of artist or how local red bull hq works with `` their people '' . 
  a friend of mine from has mildly popular local pop-punk band and their concerts were sponsored by red bull . 
  part of their contract was to always have a can with them on stage , and on certain photoshots after concert etc. 
  they had legit red bull in those cans , he said he did n't really mind drinking it constantly because of taste ... except that over time he started having diarrhea every other morning , so he eased off on drinking it all the time and put water in it instead by himself . 
  when i am under pressure ( finals etc. ), 
  and ca n't handle more coffee i actually go with energy drinks instead . 
  when i overshoot with coffee i get anxiety attacks and random out of sync heartbeats ... none of that happens to me with energy drinks and i still get the benefit of extra ( admittedly temporary ) energy and focus . 
  but yeah , it 's a sugar bomb and i can imagine it having different effects on each person . 
  well ... sure , williams biggest problem probably is not having enough money for top-level car development , but this still is great news for them . 
  maybe he 'll pull out some cto magic to make it work better even with smaller budget . 
  fingers crossed for williams ' future performances , they surely deserver better than being the fastest of midfield at best . 
  holy shit . 
  wow . 
  they are n't even trying to be subtle about it . 
  this is the first time i see marques genuinely dissing a device . 
  he rarely hates on some stuff , and even if he does he says it in a way that 's kinda `` but whatever , some might like it that way ... '', 
  not now , now he 's all in . 
  htc is so fucked . 
  this was the last thing they needed . 
  though with that in mind they simply should have designed way better phone . 
  for such price it 's a joke . 
  i kinda miss the days when htc was the shit in smartphones industry . 
  nowadays they are almost like nokia during their windows phone downfall . 
  premium prices for not so great devices . 
  if he 's solid people will forget about testing struggles . 
  it would be same as it was with max when people dismissed him before he even started in a race . 
  but first , he has to be solid . 
  and i wo n't lie that i have way bigger doubts about him than i ever had about max . 
  honestly at this point i ca n't even tell if people say that intenionally or not . 
  i 'd take posts about meeting drivers anytime instead of die-cast collections , memes and 100th thread about which driver is the best . 
  and trust me , i really like memes . 
  obi-wan is the ultimate jedi . 
  to give your lifelong enemy who murdered your love in front of you such a peaceful end ... not many could do that , jedi or not . 
  to be completely honest , i wanted a bigger , epic fight . 
  but now that i 've seen the episode i have to say that this makes way more sense considering where both characters currently are . 
  less flashy , more real , more emotional . 
  that 's what this episode was . 
  beautiful end to tragic story of former sith warrior who only knew pain and suffering . 
  and what kind of tatooine episode would that be without binary sunset homage . 
  what this new canon managed to do excelently was to add alot more weight to what is going on in original trilogy . 
  mr. filoni , i salute to you once again . 
  this was beautiful . 
  bail organa kept so many very important secrets for such a long time to himself without losing his mind . 
  underrated character . 
  and now that i think of it ... imagine if it 's him who tells rex who vader is . 
  if that ever happens . 
  damn i really want rex to find out . 
  he was talking about ships that came to mon mothma 's call to dantooine . 
  are all of those ship going to fight in zero hour ? 
   this episode really cemented ezra as my least favorite character . 
  how ? 
  not looking for argument , genuinely curious . 
  he cut him vertically in the chest . 
  of course all things considered it was n't as graphic on screen , but it 's heavily implied . 
  in other words : everyone . 
  exactly the way i see it . 
  he was redeemed during his very last breath . 
  similar to ~ ~ darth vader 's ~ ~ anakin 's redemption actually . 
   he 's just swinging his lightsaber randomly, 
  that 's me everytime i get to play with a lightsaber . 
  wow , that would be a reveal moment on similar level of amazement i had when i first played kotor 1 . 
  although i ca n't really imagine how would pt work out that way . 
  i do n't really mind knowing who anakin is from the very beginning . 
  eh , he 's one of the two only force users rebellion has available , i imagine they treat him as a big deal and let him get away with some stuff . 
  anakin was no different as a kid , teenager and in his early adulthood he already was a war general . 
  as it was already stated in other thread about sabine , star wars does n't really treat kids as kids . 
  wish they reimagined her somehow for the new canon .
