  there were loads of space . 
  watch it again mate . 
  and the circlejerk ( which i was part of too , i know ) would have been way stronger . 
  especially on twitter and facebook . 
  three fucking years already ? 
  god damn it feels like yesterday . 
  holy shit . 
  red bull certainly knows how to make me root for a guy who just crashed into my favorite driver ... wow . 
  source please . 
  i 'd love to believe you do n't get me wrong , but ... 
  i like what seb said last year in australia driver conference - that he 's pretty sure max can handle himself without advices if he got into f1 at his age . 
  that was before the crazy hype , when everybody still doubted him . 
  ah , the modern version of shitbox . 
  who am i kidding , i 'd sell my kidney to drive this thing anyways . 
  vettel would sweat too haha . 
  yes . 
  next question . 
  also wtf , they talk about hardware related differences in a video about software ... 
  great stuff right there , lewis seems very mature now . 
  hopefuly it will stop some of that madness when they got the message from the man himself . 
  worst thing is , these fanboys forget very fast that their star would be nowhere without their car and work . 
  it 's really just massively disrespectful . 
  lewis acknowledges that after every race , his fans should so as well . 
  `` ferrari and everyone '' else was threatening with leaving the sport last year ? 
  stressing the part `` last year '' . 
  i know they did in other circumstances . 
  by no means i am a red bull hater ( though i 'm more of a monster guy :-p ) , i just do n't think your point is working in this case . 
  formula juan juan ? 
  iihf starting wooo !, 
  and we freaking wrecked russia in our opening match . 
  wooooo !, 
  still rocking mine , cm13 is pretty solid experience . 
  what did you switch to ? 
  heh , i dropped mine once and have a small crack in upper left corner , it 's just ugly on eyes , everything ( fortunately ) works good . 
  since then i prefer to have it in pretty big case just to be sure ... 
  oh yeah , i want me some eddie jordan in f1 . 
  good . 
  got ta love how their shoot them doing some lab work ... while wearing their race suits . 
  looks aboslutely genuine . 
  mercedes has better lineup imo . 
  even though it 's pretty arguable . 
  this thread is full of references i do n't understand . 
  naturally , when indy is more or less spec series . 
  any turn in albert park . 
  never liked the track and probably never will . 
  if i had to pick one though , it 's probably turn 9/10 chicane . 
  lol . 
  and i expect to find 2000 $ on the street . 
  some people know a way to go around it , but in general i think it could be a good change anyways . 
  bigger the hype train , bigger the crash . 
  trust me , as a ferrari fan , i know what i 'm talking about . 
  did they change camera angles and fov or is it that i am for first time watching this season home on my old tv ? 
  looks like game of thrones is popular in paddock . 
  and it 's always one vet from early 2000s and one younger guy from `` current gen '' in each broteam . 
  `` screw you guys i 'm going home . '', 
  seems like you did n't notice so - this is n't microsoft irc . 
  even more bae to me . 
  way to feed my desire for female sith in movies op . 
  [ ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ] ( http://data.whicdn.com/images/112689651/original.jpg ), 
  wow . 
  what the fuck ferrari . 
  they wo n't even be second in wcc if it goes like this . 
  car is too slow . 
  best excuse ever . 
  i 'm surprised with horner 's response . 
  expected some random pr bs , but he actually gave him genuine answer that has a great point behind it . 
  all those hand movements lol . 
  he does n't even looked pissed off to me , more like seriously concerned . 
  they just need to use replace all function on their upcoming pr announcements and it will be all good . 
  it 's real eye opener as of how you alonso fans felt back there . 
  i 'd rather not know that feeling . 
  there 's a chance i wo n't even have to imagine that . 
  ! remindme 3 years, 
   red letter media, 
   understanding cinematography, 
  pick one . 
  they just made a circlejerky video that was following the prequels hate trend to make themselves grow big and look relevant . 
  it worked , so great business strategy ... you know , it really grinds my gears considering there are uncomparably worse scifi movies that are n't as shat on as prequels are being shat on . 
  great example - 90 % of those crappy marvel movies . 
  people love them , good for them , but they are full of exactly the same shit people claim to hate on prequels . 
  sometimes even worse . 
  rant over ... anyways , judging by general mood in this thread i 'll likely get terribly downvoted into oblivion so ... at least i vented this , i guess . 
  ricciardo being new webber confirmed . 
  congratulations to max though , it 's not like he did n't drive well . 
  i expected him to crack under raikkonen , but he did n't . 
  and your argument is wrong - he did n't attack due to blue flag rules . 
  and also it would be pretty hard to enforce . 
  i may be missing something but to me it seems like red bull did this to improve max 's odds , and ferrari did the same thing with kimi in order to cover him as they were n't sure what they were doing . 
  this was way too desperate and very out of character from ricciardo . 
  his moves are pretty much always aggressive yet so smooth ... not like this one . 
  i ca n't believe some people started with this `` vettel back to whining '' crap . 
  i 'd be pissed off as well if a guy bombed me like that . 
  yeah , case can be made that neither ferrari or red bull knew what was the optimal approach and so they split strategies between cars ... and kimi/max way turned out as better option . 
  fantastic stuff from lewis ' side . 
  do n't know what it is , but it seems like his third championship calmed him down alot . 
  is he trying to imply that it was n't an aggressive move ? 
  yeah , really . 
  :p i mean , he usually pulls it off in a very clean and smooth manner . 
  this time he overshot , nearly took out another car and got off the track , all by himself . 
  he 's a notorious divebomber , but divebombing can be done in gentle way as well .
