  [ for more complex list of changes look for example here . 
  ] ( http://www.skysports.com/f1/news/12433/10529238/f1-in-2017-what-can-we-expect-from-next-years-rule-changes ), 
  long story short the cars will have bigger tyres that will have way more grip than current spec and therefore just because of that cars will be quite faster . 
  added to that there are some changes in aero department as well , we should get rid of those weird pointy noses and have wider rear wings than we have now . 
  to get an idea look at this [ ferrari mule car ] ( http://cdn-6.motorsport.com/images/amp/yex3or52/s6/f1-ferrari-fiorano-pirelli-testing-2016-esteban-gutierrez-ferrari-tests-the-2017-spec-pire.jpg ) - it 's essentially modified 2015 ferrari , but it still works at showing how the cars might look next year . 
  overall there is about 4 to 5 seconds per lap expected speed gain , which is pretty damn solid and will likely lead to f1 crushing every lap record ever . 
  timeline of emotions this race :, 
  `` yeah get in there seb ! '', 
  `` wow he 's closing on max ! '', 
  `` gained a gap again , but no problem , still manageable '', 
  `` wow kimi is fast on this fresh set , probably pit seb soon too ? '', 
  `` please do n't . '', 
  you guess the rest ( minor hint : see kylo ren 's tantrum in the force awakens ) . 
  way more satisfying than generic interview . 
  chased p2 instead of staying in solid p3 then . 
  well at least i can understand this sentiment , they need to beat red bulls and verstappen was p2 . 
  and they also have nothing to lose besides battle with red bulls , so they took a risk ... 
  at least i can understand their thought process on this . 
  when was the last time when a driver who got repeatedly dominated in the same team by the same other driver finally came out on top of it and grabbed a championship ? 
  / / edit : wtf , why was this post deleted ? 
  i 'm usually that guy who oversees typos like that but damn that made me spill my coffee all over the place hehe . 
  it 's fine , that lol was definitely worth it . 
  3 cars wide on tracks like this . 
  wow . 
  marshall standing there chilled af while car drifted half meter away from him . 
  he seemed overly cool about that to me lol . 
  i 'd react differently . 
  lol piquet got super lucky with this one . 
  imagine the internet if he actually pulled that move . 
  people who thought that post-spa shitstorm was bad better stop using internet on that day . 
  psa-ish comment : let 's just keep in mind that our fellow reddit hamilton fans are nothing like these idiots , okay ? 
  come on now , we do n't even know if he 's actually going to lose it , let alone if he 's going to change next year . 
  keep stuff like this for offseason . 
  i like buemi but holy crap would i like to see di grassi win given how far he started . 
  thanks op , 
  19 or 20 in anh if i remember correctly . 
  so yes , he is young . 
  but it fits into the story . 
  he also wears sanitary napkins during hot race weekends under his helmet . 
  yeah . 
  and after all that they even come up with statement that he needs to earn his position within the team for the future ... 
  i think disney buyout was the best thing to happen to this franchise in the last 20 years to be honest . 
  and that 's accounting for the fact taht i also like prequels and am often downvoted on main sw sub for not going with that popular circlejerk . 
  all those books , all those comics , new movie every year expanding both new era and stories in times we already have been to . 
  my only major complaint is that they sold exlusive star wars licence to ea . 
  other than that , it 's like being a child again , during almost permanent christmas . 
  rebels are great since late season 2 , but i see that just as a part of this huge puzzle that managed to bring my favorite fantasy universe back to it 's former glory . 
  why does everybody seem to talk about wedge like he 's gon na date sabine in next 10 episodes ? 
  i literally saw no chemistry besides regular rebels stuff and ezra being a bit anxious about having no control over sabine 's mission . 
  radio communication is meant for their teams not for you . 
  it 's not drivers problem that you do n't like it . 
  you deal with it . 
  rules are rules , they should be obeyed and drivers are free to complain about them to their teams . 
  i hate this stupid general consensus that fans like you are entitled to decide what should or should n't driver say on his team radio . 
  it 's not that way . 
  overtaking in real racing is a bit tougher than in mario kart . 
  nah , i love her in westworld and i prefer her hair like this . 
  probably just your taste mate . 
  expected breakup song about op by next years season start . 
  that chick is vivian , right ? 
  / r/2philosophical4me, 
  that double pitstop by rbr was perfectly executed . 
  the only thing he could do at that point was to finsih him off . 
  he was unable to give his beloved friend a final killing blow . 
  besides , that would be super out of character for obi-wan . 
  they could show me just him and i 'd still be happy as hell . 
  nobody knows that . 
  but i bet he would n't . 
  get rid of midichlorians , i guess . 
  all other changes i 'd make are quite major and would rework more than just one thing in the canon . 
  so yeah ... remove midichlorians from the lore . 
  they are unnecessary and remove a bit of the `` space magic '' vibe . 
  i like stuff to be scientificially explained even in fantasy/scifi movies , but not in star wars . 
  midichlorians remove part of that magic imo . 
  especially given how more `` magic vibes '' there are surrounding the force in non-movie ( canon ) materials . 
  dumb showerthought . 
  rogues one is essentially a prequel movie . 
  overall quality of prequels suddenly goes up in december . 
  and i say that as somebody who loves prequels as well . 
  very interesting , thanks . 
  i just kinda wish this topic was more explored and explained in a more direct way , may it be in tv series , books , comics or heck even a canon game . 
  i especially like what you 're saying here :, 
   which is the fault of the jedi in the pt . . instead of relying on the force and the will of the force they wanted to explain everything . 
  that really makes sense and adds up to the general notion how jedi slowly grown corrupted and distanced themselves from their balance in the force ( as explored in tv series ) . 
  i love f1 . 
  but i also like to have some extra free time on sundays when we are n't racing . 
  18 races sound okay to me . 
  oh i know tcw and rebels very well . 
  i 've seen all of it that 's out to date , some of it even more than twice . 
  filoni truly is lucas ' padawan , i think he called him that too . 
  the man deserves to write a star wars movie script sooner or later . 
  he kept star wars alive when everybody thought that there was not much future for the franchise . 
  the movie is also the goat . 
  the rots had more impact on me . 
  i was all like `` wooow blue lightsabers crossed '' !, 
  prequel trilogy was full of throwbacks for original movies as well . 
  i do acknowledge the criticism that tfa was too similar to original trilogy , but i really do n't understand your criticism there . 
  this is no finding new jedi order movie . 
  if one single star wars movie to date is going to be the most different from others , it 's this one . 
  to add to that , movies take place in era where vader was at his darkest and highest in the empire , i 'd be more surprised if he would n't be there .
