  i mean ... 
  i do n't really care ? 
  legal banging age is 15 where i live , i guess i am used to it ? 
  i surely would n't want to date such a young girl at 25 , but whatever ... again , i do n't really care . 
  holy shit this car is so sexy . 
  oh my god . 
  ie : another generic red bull helmet . 
  considering that they use similar shade of blue on their formula e cars ... this is n't even as far fetched 2005 `` retro '' as it might seem . 
  do n't get me wrong , renault is yet another beautiful car announced , but damn this would be even better . 
  got ta agree with rey 's scene . 
  easily my favorite character introduction scene in all movies industry , not just star wars . 
  i love her opening and her theme . 
  really looking forward to see her character gain some very much needed and deserved depth in tlj . 
  movies : rey 's introduction , vader wrecking rebels in ro , anh twin suns , mustafar duel . 
  tv series : `` then you will die ! '', 
  nothing beats the emotions that went down at that moment . 
  got ta give credit to tcw as well , as it 's character development was the main reason why it was so great in rebels . 
  games : do swtor cinematics count ? 
  because if so that 's easy one ... deceived and hope being my personal favorites . 
  ah , true . 
  the only problem with otherwise the best episode of tcw/rebels . 
  i forget about those very easily considering the emotional rollercoaster that comes later in the episode . 
  goddamned unregistered force sensitives . 
  looks like the green tone is gone . 
  i can definitely back that , it was my biggest problem with their design . 
  it just did n't look well to my eye . 
  lol . 
  i 've never been so happy and yet so disappointed at the same time . 
  not a looker to my eyes ... but if it can deliver at least decent results i 'm okay with it . 
  wow wtf that t-wing , i did n't notice it on official white-background photos . 
  that looks odd ... and fragile . 
  those suits look great . 
  way better than the car itself lol . 
  i would n't mind alot of orange at all , just in a different fashion than it is now ... 
  two drivers is n't exactly a lot , but i see where you 're coming from . 
  it 's a shame f1 has no notable italian drivers as of recent years considering how big ferrari/italian fanbase still is . 
  v6 sounds better . 
  to each their own though . 
  i like your attitude . 
  ca n't help myself but think they could have done a better job with that livery . 
  the way those stripes expand on fin is a bit awkward looking imo . 
  otherwise for some reason i think this is the least radical car of them all , it looks like 2016 car with mild adjustments to new regulations . 
  but maybe that 's just me , as i am not much into technical aero details . 
  zeb , really ... he 's for the most part just a boring `` not smart but muscular warrior '' stereotype , nothing interesting about that . 
  i liked bits of his backstory in season 2 , but overall it did n't make me change my mind about his character as a whole . 
  that dude is probably some formerly banned hamtroll . 
  12 days old account and all of it just shit talk here . 
  maybe runa or skinnybob . 
  better ignore and not jump into his trolltraps . 
  that front wing looks massive . 
  is it just this camera angle ? 
  because how dare people share their thoughts on a car in a thread about a new car amirite ? 
  only proper engineers with master degrees in aerodynamics should be able to have opinions . 
  i really love this . 
  i did n't realise that after seeing that episode . 
  good stuff , i know that honestly i just like flashy fast prequels lightsaber combat because it looks cool ... but i also love when there is certain level of lore justification for it . 
  really good stuff !, 
  george lucas has very low influence on sequel trilogy though . 
  we 're talking artistic advices at best . 
  he himself said that disney scrapped all his story ideas for sequels . 
   people are n't binary the way you seem to be advocating for . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  yes , it is . 
  one of the paradoxes that more or less show that jedi themselves have fallen and lost their way in the force by being too scientifical about it , giving into dark side during the war and being overly dogmatic about their belief . 
  having dark side relics under their temple had an effect as well ( yep , that is canon ) . 
  [ rebels spoiler ] ( / s `` yoda himself admitted that jedi have lost their way by the end of clone wars . '' ), 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  ca n't wait to see that beauty that i will probably start to hate during the season heh . 
  definitely , this does n't look as bad as it did during that reveal show or on promotional pictures with blank background . 
  this season is going to be great to look at , well , as long as we ignore force india . 
  so do all cars though . 
  race start t-cam footage from one of the backmarkers is going to be orgasmic to look at . 
  ricciardo vs. verstappen would make for one hell of a battle for championship . 
  rip internets if that happens . 
  i am so looking forward to this . 
  i 'm underwhelmed . 
  but hey , i 'd still bet that it 's fast af . 
  ... vs alo vs van, 
  that is if ferrari 's chassis is up to top level though . 
  their problem never was pu power , but chassis quality ... 
  i wanted it to have flamethrowers . 
  but oh well , with renault you never know !, 
  exactly . 
  they were catching up with mercedes as well , but their gap was nowhere near to being as big as it was with all other pu manufacturers . 
  last year red bull did n't beat them because they had better pu . 
  galaxy s8 , i guess . 
  nah , obviously it would be okay only if op was to represent vettel with black child and hamilton with white child . 
  g5 was such a mess . 
  also marchionne rushes in bitching about drivers not being good enough and that they need to earn their seats for next season . 
  seems like a decent first day run for ferrari , right ? 
  i did n't really have time to follow it into details , but seeing that lap count is at the very least giving me slight hopes that they wo n't be absolutely shit this year . 
  speed gains are very real . 
  that is if you 're not sauber . 
  damn i hope for their sake that they can pull out more speed on next day . 
  endor guy though . 
  i want rex to be him so much . 
  it feels so wrong to see yularen as the bad guy . 
  god damn it . 
  why does one ghost member have to die in order to accept a new one into the crew ? 
  in addition to that , ghost crew overall already is more scattered .
