  when i watch star wars i do n't expect to see a real life duel simulation . 
  following that logic i could also go against sounds in space , artificial gravity on ships , epic music everywhere , levitating vehicles , lightsabers , the force , ... 
  pretty much everything that makes star wars what it is and why it 's so enjoyable to watch . 
  well , beyond epic story of course . 
  people need to get a grip for god 's sake , it 's a space fantasy , it 's not supposed to be brutal realstic war movie depicting every aspect of space travel in the most realistic way . 
  what 's up with the hate for him ? 
  i mean ... sure , he has pretty weird fashion sense , but that 's about it . 
  mind you i 've never seen any broadcast with him besides podium interviews , and during those he seemed like goofy , but rather okay fella . 
  there 's a fine line between racing hard and racing dangerously . 
  most of the time he balanced it well i 'd say . 
  but do n't get surprised that people will shove it up your face once you fall from that balance to the other side . 
  it happened before to many hard racers . 
  best : lewis , red bull, 
  does n't change the fact they act like idiots with no knowledge of the sport . 
  all that 's left is to call oh84s a vettel fanboy lol . 
  i hate to be that guy ... but maybe they should focus on next year . 
  oh my god this is already so beautiful and that 's not even it 's final form !, 
  that wide front-wing , big tyres ... 
  i do n't give a damn who wins next year , i 'll just sit back and enjoy watching these beauties go around no matter what . 
  ! remindme 1 year, 
  i voted for lewis but whatever ... this was cool option too !, 
  real racing is n't like that in codemasters games mate . 
  think he confused it with games lol . 
  you have serious issues with kimi and vettel fans do n't you ? 
  calling them out constantly even in threads where they did n't say any of that shit you keep pulling out . 
  also kinda funny that people like you suddenly appeared once ferrari form dropped . 
  where were you hero last year or even in the beginning of this season ? 
  see ? 
  i can play this stupid game of yours too . 
  spec ops : the line, 
  thank you op senpai !, 
  spec ops : the line, 
  thanks !, 
  duke nukem because i 've got balls of steel, 
  also , thank you . 
  where would he run anyways ? 
  all teams with reasonable championship potential are full . 
  still not counting in renault , i 'll believe them once i see them get any better . 
  forget vandoorne , f1 needs canamasas !, 
  vettel also won 2012 championship under yellow flags amirite nando ? 
  if you live in us , yeah . 
  you want fernando to kill vettel or something ? 
  he did , but that really just holds zero relevance to this as they are talking vettel wanting to emulate schumacher . 
  if anything i 'd say vettel really wants not to emulate alonso 's ferrari run , and that 's meant with no offense to fernando as i acknowledge that car performance was n't his fault . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  also vader comics do a great job on humanizing him . 
  [ the moment when he found out about luke ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/9sij6 ) gets me every damn time . 
  just from this short part you can tell that this truly is a breaking point for him . 
  no more trying to forget his past himself , no more trying to wipe out everything that reminds him of it . 
  after 20 years he finally feels like trying to fight against emperor again . 
  and i do n't even like comics in general . 
  amazing stuff . 
  imagine if we get to see some of that in rogue one . 
  * robotic heavy breathing *, 
  no matter how much of a resource hog it is it really should n't freeze up the os . 
  just try to update the os op and if it does n't help just go back to apple store , they 'll likely even replace it immediately considering how new the device already is - well , if problem persists . 
  keep in mind that it 's still just a computer with software on it , and both computers and software can render some occasional errors , no matter if it 's apple or acer . 
  it got even better with au . 
  really loving the way redmond 's os has been going since last year . 
  i plug my mouse into different usb 's on windows machines every day . 
  it takes literally no time . 
  been using that calculator for a year now . 
  not a single ad popped in . 
  also loads instantly btw . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  what did he dooo !, 
  redesign it . 
  i like how w10 is designed and works on desktop . 
  but i still ca n't stand that design on a phone . 
  god damn tiles and stuff . 
  it 's just ugly to me . 
  it might not be as teletext-ish as it used to be during wp7 times , but i still struggle to enjoy looking at it . 
  let 's turn this `` game '' of yours around . 
  can you just ignore one damn post on this sub if it bothers you so much instead of being a dick to a guy who just wanted to share his experience ? 
  i am personally interested in maybe a quarter of all stuff that is posted here , yet i am not here crying about it like you . 
  oh the irony . 
  2013 was really only good because of bonus tracks and cars . 
  had it not been for that dlc it would be almost a copy/paste of 2012 . 
  as much as people hate to hear it , after 2015 got patched the racing was the best ever in singleplayer f1 games ( imo ) . 
  it lacked on other fronts . 
  so if 2016 even improves on racing aspects from 2015 , and on top of that adds shitton of it 's own content and motivation for players to stay for more than one season in ( which really seems to be the case ) ... it can likely be their best f1 game . 
  but with that in mind ... well ... currently i do n't have a machine that can handle 2016 , but if they do that , i 'd buy something just because of that game . 
  i would like vettel to approach this blogger the same way alonso did approach herbert . 
  yeah , i have to agree . 
  when i was about to get my first ios device i was pretty damn hyped about it . 
  turned out to be ... rather meh . 
  i expected much more from it considering how it 's hyped compared to cortana or google now . 
  in fact , sometimes i feel like it 's even lesser compared to these two . 
  cortana seems to have better contextual understanding and google now works even in my first language . 
  i really use it just for timers , alarms and asking whether it 's going to rain in next few hours . 
  and to be fair , it 's really good at that !, 
  so far every single time it got it right and i did n't get wet even when it was really cloudy outside . 
  interesting . 
  i have white faced ipad and never really had any issues with it . 
  i bet those types of people will be bitching about rogue one not feeling like star wars ... 
  to be fair people have been saying this for good half of a year ... but yeah . 
  i 'd wait at least until the end of september as of now . 
  if it does n't happen then , just call it a day and buy it . 
  apple takes their fucking time this time around . 
  probably some rmbp 15 refurbished .
