  you know why . 
  / r/wec is ------------------  that way, 
  does n't that apply on fans in general ? 
  no relation to taylor swift needed . 
  not a lifelong fan but i have no problems with her music . 
  it certainly is better than most pop songs these days . 
  he better be happy wec is doing rolling starts , otherwise he 'd already been forgotten and demoted to villeneuve status . 
  with such wide fov it even looks faster than standard t-cam . 
  are you rooted ? 
  if so , underclock the cpu/gpu . 
  in these two games you should n't notice that much of a framedrop ( especially in hearthstone ) , and phone should run colder even for long periods . 
  no other ideas tbh . 
  dude trust me i really tried to like windows 10 . 
  i loved it during preview versions , but for some unexplainable reason , it went very bad after final release . 
  i am no tinfoil privacy guy and i think windows 10 is the best looking windows yet , but damn i could n't stand video driver crashing every hour , sound stuttering , and being forced to restart pc because for some reason os stops starting media-related apps after certain time ( usually within 3 hours ) . 
  it was just too buggy for me , and my hardware is fairly recent so i doubt it 's because of my laptop being too old . 
  i 'll try it one day , but i have damn good reason to stay with windows 8.1 as it 's absolutely rock solid os with just some design issues . 
  lewis is very good at promoting himself as a brand . 
  kind of like beckham and many other famous sportsman do it . 
  sebastian does n't really do anything for `` his own brand '' apart from necessary sponsorship work he 's contracted to via ferrari ( and red bull before ) . 
  that leads to people knowing lewis fairly well despite not being interested in f1 at all , which is quite something you ca n't say about most other drivers , let alone sebastian , who apart from driving fast cars for living prefers very calm lifestyle . 
  and because of that , lewis is worth much more - he arguably is better driver as well , but that does n't reflect in net worth that much imo . 
  snap camera is worse than stock but it 's not even remotely as bad as it used to be with older cm 's on g2 ( where camera was downright unusable ) . 
  as for stability , it 's about lucky hand when picking up a build , but my nightly has been running for more than a month without single reboot now , and trust me i am hard on my phone and i 've never ever before been happy with custom ( non-stock based ) rom stability on g2 . 
  this is first time i am . 
  some occasional app crashes happen though - shuttle and google music crash maybe four times a week and i use my phone for music listening daily for about 2 hours . 
  it 's great , best experience i 've ever had with my g2 . 
  last year he was just as witty as ever before . 
  it 's just that people started noticing it more when they are n't overly focused on hating the guy . 
  i would n't mind my midlife crisis going like his . 
  you say it like michibata was n't hot . 
  what the hell is that ... that 's almost as if f1technical went full f1relationshipstechnical ... uh . 
  i do n't know how to feel about it lol . 
  it 's kinda awkward that some random post about his gf has been more thought through than average post on this sub . 
  this race was the shit , that was a great example of why i love this sport . 
  so many things can happen , you can go from hero to zero and vice versa just in a few seconds . 
  sucks for hulk but that 's really the only thing i am sad about regarding brazil 2012 . :-p i wish se could have these onboard only replays for every race available online ... 
  could have been an ethernet or mouse signal . 
  some small error on sensor of the mouse and boom pc thinks you want to use it . 
  or as i said , some ethernet wakeup signal . 
  not sure , but i think there 's a way to check all these events that trigger wakeup , search it on internet and if necessary there is a way to disable wakeup signals per device , i think somewhere in device manager . 
  writing out of my head while waiting for train but yeah ... 
  kind of like you 're not a real fan of ferrari unless you buy their car . 
  suck it tifosi haha . 
  his flair should include two microphones and magnificent sniff though . 
  if only every gp had such earnings ... that would be awesome . 
  why would n't you ? 
  i do n't think they were very restrictive before . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't see where 's the problem with that approach . 
  there 's a difference between very logical strategy of minimising potential risks and telling driver to slow down , or even let the other guy pass . 
  i do n't know . 
  from what i 've read even on this sub - hulk was pretty pissed at williams . 
  some guy from here wanted him to sign a photo of him in williams , and it instantly made his mood much grumpier . 
  ca n't find that post but i guess it sums up his feelings about that team very well . 
  but if he has no other option and williams wants him ... he 'll swallow that pill , i guess . 
  honestly i never liked this circuit , it usually produces bland racing , nothing about it stands out to make you think `` yep , that 's albert park specialty . 
  '' , it 's just ... meh . 
  i 'd go as far as saying that sochi has more character because they at least have that super cool long turn 3 . 
  but as long as f1 season finally starts , i 'm aboslutely fine with it . 
  i hate to be that guy but ... he is sad about state of f1 , yet he does n't go to a meeting about new format to provide his point of view and counterargument officials ... what 's the point then . 
  that 's like those people who bitch about politics on facebook and then they do n't go vote during elections . 
  if you do n't actually try to do something about it , at least shut up . 
  yep . 
  but you 're right anyways , i might have overreacted when i wrote my original comment - alonso could have had some sponsor work or something . 
  i always liked to think that those t-shirts ( and coffee mugs ) postponed their financial issues about a year or something hehe . 
  pretty much everybody on my twitter timeline was buying it . 
   he 's so cool he can wear shades on his head . 
  ayyyy . 
  anyways , formula e pr is amazing . 
  this is absolutely pointless yet it 's kinda fun , so they went for it . 
  i like that . 
  he 's definitely much better than general audience gives him credit for . 
  not every driver could be that close to hamilton . 
  he 's definitely in top 5 . 
  i would n't use 2010 + schumi as benchmark that much , but judging by his performances against hamilton , he 's damn good and i think he would get much more credit had it not been for his stiff awkward corporate talking in every single interview . 
  good for you . 
  is n't that even worse than how it was last year ? 
  at least compared to the slower of mercedes drivers . 
  oh well ... uh , wow . 
  not gon na lie , i forgot about him ever being in f1 . 
  he was n't bad , but man i did n't like his attitude . 
  anyways , good for him , if that happens to be true ( `` williams were unavailable for comment but sources said the deal would be announced in the coming days . 
  beating vettel 11 years ago or something is really the only major thing going for him , is n't it . 
  his dtm run was decent too , but did he really make you feel like he 's something special during his run in f1 ? 
  i looked at youtube just to be sure there 's not something important i forgot about him , but all i found was interviews with him and no interesting on-track stuff . 
  of course he could n't show his 100 % potential when he was driving that force india , but usually you can see some bright moments in good drivers even when they are in midfield . 
  i do n't remember a single good moment with him . 
  well there might be a chance that sutil did n't want that seat anymore . 
  being stuck somewhere as reserve driver could block him from some series or something ... or ( talking out of my ass now ) maybe he does n't really want much f1 involvement after jules ' death . 
  you know , he was the one watching it very closely live . 
  none of these things can be issues to di resta and he also has that mercedes connection which allows him racing whilst being a reserve driver easier . 
  he 's a big fella , yeah . 
  hmmm ... now that you say it ... red bull was actually happy with renault 's progress over winter , could mean something . 
  i already posted in few threads like this regarding my driver opinions etc. , so let 's bring up something fresh instead ... 
  i believe refueling and durable tyres would make for much worse racing than general audience thinks . 
  also , i enjoyed 2014 season and i think schumi era that is often called golden times was much more boring than 2015 season . 
  and i like concept behind new qualifying . 
  now all we need is them to lift those ridiculous video copyright claims . 
  and even then , it 's not like being the best on circuit allows you to do silly shit in public . 
  there 's a reason why illegal races are ... well ... illegal .
