  one of the best arcade racing games of all time . 
  i mean ... not as arcade as nfs , but still very arcade . 
  as other commenter already said , if you like this , consider trying out grid autosport as well . 
  it 's a bit closer to sim ( just a bit though ) , has modern graphics and is definitely more true of a successor to grid when compared to messy grid 2 . 
  well ... have you ever noticed mkbhd 's hands ? 
  stupid jokes aside , iphone 7 is pretty damn compact for his hands . 
  his view on that might be skewed a bit . 
  i really do n't want to sound like * that edgy guy * , but this made me cringe as fuck more than anything else , let alone laugh . 
  do n't hate me please ... but these three can do alot better than this . 
  damn it . 
  this is n't the news i wanted to wake up to on christmas eve . 
  may the force be with her . 
  more bonding for those two . 
  lovestory theories do n't seem as far from reality as they did after season 2 . 
  edit : could somebody explain why downvotes ? 
  i 'm not asking for another `` i hate sand '' , just saying that after s2 all love theories were very off , now not that much . 
  vettel in turkey 2011 . 
  casually opening drs mid-corner exits and shit . 
  those rb cars were on rails . 
  also how that red bull was like `` hey !, 
  i can do that t. . . nah , too late . '', 
  this video just enforces how much that `` old-school '' camera on ferrari and sometimes others sucks . 
  compared to standard tv-cams you do n't see shit . 
  i could n't care less if it feels slightly faster when i see half of what it actually going on . 
  use it here and there to spice stuff up , but not all the time , please . 
  yeah , they should have used more mercedes footage when they are cruising in front . 
  that would have been such a great hightlight . 
  after all this season was really just about mercedes . 
   she plays the older sexy lady very well in those . 
  she does n't have to play that . 
  she is living definition of that . 
  why uncanny ? 
  i think it 's awesome . 
  i nearly shouted `` yeah ! '', 
  cause i really do n't like when people distrub me in the cinema , i stopped myself at the very last moment . 
  now with way more training and knowledge how to properly do lightsaber fight . 
  i would love to see some dark side slips on rey 's side though . 
  we 've had that with luke and it was great . 
  i would love to see her go a bit more dark side by the end of viii . 
  not all in , just a bit in a way that she 's essentially forced to it by fighting with kylo . 
  then in ix discovering how powerful dark side is , but at the very last moment realising that it 's a path to downfall ... or something like that , let the professionals write actual script , but i would love basic idea revolving around that . 
  we 've had that in animated series where characters could use dark side powers without actually going all dark , and i would love to see something like that on big screen a bit more too . 
  luke 's force choking is n't enough for my dark side tastes . 
  they could even sell two versions of her . 
  one where she uses just one half of the saber and one where she uses both !, 
  disney , think about all the money you can take from us ... 
  i would literally throw them at you, 
  inbefore f1 race stars . 
  ah the very same reason why playing fallout 3 in 2016 is such a pain in the ass . 
  thanks , microsoft ... 
  now that you said it i googled out definition just to be sure . 
  yeah ... well ... 
  i had it connected in a differnet way . 
  i for one do n't really have high expectation of him , i just cheer for him and hope he wins . 
  we all know why . 
  with that in mind though i think he 's decent , it 's not easy to be a son of sport legend with ambitions in said sport . 
  even if he was hamilton quality material he would have been non stop compared to way greater achievements of his father . 
  let 's give this kid a clean sheet to start with . 
  we shall see . 
  except 2013 . 
  as per usual . 
  i think she 's fine . 
  just not `` thousands of upvotes every single time '' kind of fine . 
  we need best christmas photo of the day award . 
  i like cars in a way that i like to look at them , i have some basic understanding of how everything in car works and ... that 's it . 
  that being said i am very casual in a sense that i really struggle to name out all major car models per each manufacturer , especially if somebody asks me about submodels ( standard vs. gt , etc. ) ... 
  i know the most common models around the place , but i could n't give less fucks when coworker gets excited about new bmw , or when my friends talk cars in the pub - actually we have this funny situtation going on there when our girls talk cars way more than us . 
  i like looking at luxury sportscars , but that 's just a thing that kind of stuck with me since teenage . 
  i like high speed racing , not cars per se . 
  if there was real-life podracing i 'd totally watch that instead . 
  yeah . 
  and that guy is terribly wrong . 
  in my opinion of course . 
  prequels made star wars much more than just some space adventure series . 
  they added alot of depth . 
  that runs way better than i expected . 
  it 's not by any means great experience , but it definitely seems playable . 
  well to be fair , for the money one pays for a mac ... you 'd get way better pc for gaming . 
  but if gaming is just a secondary use and `` nice to have '' kind of thing ... it works okay too . 
  intel hd graphics have come a long way since their early beginnings . 
  the force will be with her , always . 
  i was annoyed when they first introduced her , i fell in love with her later on . 
  i do n't want to spoil later development with her so i 'll just leave this comment there . 
  easily my favorite non-movie canon character . 
  besides that i really like how they pictured anakin in the series , his transition to dark side seems alot smoother after seeing entire tcw including unfinished season 6 . 
  to me , she is a royalty . 
  and yes , i am talking about carrie fisher , not just leia organa . 
  stuff can still be changed . 
  at the very least there will be some serious talking regarding handling this in lucasfilm hq . 
  unless leia was meant to die in viii from the beginning . 
  as the best star wars tv show of all time probably , unless we have some netflix/hbo goodness being prepared behind closed door . 
  but best tv show of all time ? 
  that 's one hell of a stretch and i say that as hardcore tcw and star wars fanboy . 
  i do n't get what 's the deal with that . 
  both vader and anakin have been making some weird `` on fine line between cringe and wit '' remarks through the entire saga both in movies and other materials ( canon ) . 
  i agree with you op besides one thing . 
  bare in mind that vettel left rbr after one of their shitties years ever ( maybe not as shitty as 2015 but still ) ... and after being destroyed by ricciardo ... not right after dominating in 2013 . 
  i 'm a big fan , but let 's be fair there . 
  i do n't rewatch any of 2014 but iirc their pure pace was very close , that showed especially in quali . 
  vettel 's problem that year was that he could n't work well with tyres and that he had massive inconsistent performances with pointless errors .
