  even standard production ultrawide displays are n't this wide . 
  damn that clip reminded me of that time when vettel colored his hair . 
  i sure gladly forgot about this . 
   it 's purpose is to instill fear in the populace, 
  the problem imo is that majority of people does n't understand this . 
  they do n't understand that they are winning if we start to be afraid of going out or whatever the hell we like to do . 
  i see this every time something goes down . 
  not gon na give these fuckers a free win . 
  that being said though , safety measures that do n't violate regular life too much are absolutely fine and make sense . 
  i do n't mind seeing more armed police officers around . 
  yeah , this is another amazing youtube channel !, 
  that cut the the moment when they meet again on death star is incredibly strong . 
  [ somewhat uplifting sequel to the video you posted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vdcmwwh3s0 ), 
  not exactly a fan of standard fan montages , but the force is strong with these . 
  i would n't really say copy . 
  they have similar atmosphere , but very different approach to it . 
  how do you feel after some longer racing sessions ? 
  i tried it , but did n't have chance to drive a full race . 
  junior mobile app developer here . 
  to be honest if i did n't want to make apps for ios i would n't go with a mac purely because of money/performance ratio - that being said though , i also like to game . 
  otherwise macs offer solid non-gaming hardware . 
  os is great , but when compared to windows 10 ... it 's different , but i would n't say necessarily overall better . 
  it 's more seamless in terms of design and integration of some cool features that you 'd get on windows just with clunky third party tools . 
  os x imho is way more beautiful than windows . 
  but ... it 's not really so far ahead these days . 
  if you do n't want to make ios/mac apps ... 
  i 'd probably go with some higher quality windows laptop . 
  latest dell xps series have pretty damn good touchpads , amazing screens , solid build quality , great battery life ... and pretty much everything the macbooks have except for the os . 
  and ( again , imo ) windows 10 caught up on os x quite significantly in terms of virtual desktops , touchpad gestures , integrated apps quality ( edge finally has adblock and such ) , etc. 
  but hey , you can buy one and return it freely within guaranteed return time window to see for yourself whether it 's worth switching . 
  mac is a great computer experience that is certainly worth trying , but as of 2016 i am not sure it 's really any significantly better than latest high-end windows experience . 
  it 's really just different ... and it might hit the right spot with you or not . 
  i use both systems regularly , mac mostly at work , windows mostly at home . 
  just my two cents . 
  i 'm fairly sure obi-wan knew as well quite some time before rots . 
  he tried to approach anakin with it in season 6 during the final clovis arc when anakin was angry about padm\u00e9 working closely with her teenage exboyfriend clovis . 
  anakin played it like nothing happens though ... which pretty much is the main source of everything that happened later on . 
  had he talked more with him about it , who knows , but i guess we would n't have the greatest villain of all time . 
  so thanks god for anakin 's introvert attitude lol . 
  i heard they made some movies about him or something . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  lucas has great ideas for the bigger picture and needs some talented people who are going to transform this bigger picture with him into a set of smaller detailed parts . 
  and he does n't recycle ideas , you have to give him that . 
  no matter what wrong was on prequels as a whole or separately , he deserves credit for this - every single movie of the 6 that he made/supervised/wrote brought in something new , something fresh , something that made it unique . 
  he never just recycled stuff from previous movie . 
  always came up with new planets ( besides few major ones of course ) , always came up with new enemies , new characters , new weapons , new ships , etc. 
  i was thinking about [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkijsnlba4c ), 
  at least they have cards . 
  never actually played any of them ( certainly do n't want to lol ) . 
  idle master it is . 
  that year everybody expected them to be super shit in advance and it turned out rather good . 
  not even ferrari thought of challenging for title that year , so 3 wins should count as a nice surprise . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  it is a great disappointment . 
  it 's funny in a weird way that when a team has third fastest car and solid position in championships it 's still considerede bad even though most other teams would kill for performance this good . 
  yet ... it 's all relative . 
  ferrari are the best at being second or third . 
  it 's been like that for what ... 8 years now ? 
  they did n't go batshit horrible at any point ( eh , besides 2014 ) , but they also never really progressed forward since their last championship . 
  they are consistently oscialting around the same performance margin to the no . 
  1 dominant team . 
  tldr : it sucks . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't think there will be many greats purely talent wise . 
  by that i mean people who are just going to hop in and already have a solid performance that is just going to need some fine tuning in order to achieve greatness . 
  but i truly believe that with enough hard work , training and determination from very childhood , pretty much anybody could make it there and make up for the talent deficit with working hard . 
  that said you should n't be completely useless though . 
  honestly i do n't really think of football players the way you do just because every first world kid played it at some point of their childhood . 
  the thing with most kids playing football in childhood is that they are n't really thinking of going for a professional career , at least most of them are n't . 
  they just play it for fun , or because their parents put them into a local club in order to force them into some sport activity . 
  and when you play just for fun there is no way you are going to be very hardcore about trying to push yourself into best possible performance . 
  it 's also that kind of game that is easy to set up and play just for fun in the backyard ... 
  maybe a bit better example for my point ... pretty much everybody has rode a bicycle at some point in their life ... does that mean that there is higher benchmark for entering tour de france ? 
  it 's already been high , and the fact that everybody can ride a bicycle does n't put it any higher . 
  just like google + had that initial spike of people ... and then facebook smashed it to the ground anyways . 
  it 's nice , but you people are excited over nothing . 
  i 'll believe in this apps success if there is anybody actively using it next year by this time . 
  rofl , your comment ... did you even read it after yourself ? 
  `` the movie was fun ... fuck it 's director . '', 
  that escalated quickly , look i agree that tfa rehashed everything from ot . 
  everybody freaking agrees , even lucasfilm and jj admitted that - it was on purpose . 
  had it not been like that people like you would be all like `` it was nothing like true star wars , blablabla , jj sucks . 
  disney killed star wars blabla . '', 
  give me a break , you literally just said `` fuck that guy because i did n't like part of the work he has done . '', 
  despite admitting that his work had some positive sides to it as well ( such as , you know ... reviving the magic of original star wars , or just being fun for that matter ) . 
  i thought it would take time at least up until viii comes out before sequel haters begin to appear . 
  [ yeah , he wanted that lightsaber . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubyo5ezz_jc ), 
  `` it is too late for me , son . '', 
  i guess it 's still a well known line amongst us fans , but it 's probably not in `` generally well known top 5 lines '' list . 
  the pure sound of regret and tragedy in his voice ... it 's a massive shift in voice tone after all the time in ot . 
  you can hear that 's anakin talking right there under the mask , not the monster that consumed him and controlled him for all those years . 
  great line with amazing delivery . 
  so he growls , raps , ... we need opera ricciardo now . 
  is that glock ? 
  yeah because there is so much interesting and relevant f1 content right now in the middle of summer break ( like ricciardo rapping ) , right ... 
  the game is just coming out , get over it . 
  wait ... what ... there is actually a way to ugprade ssd in current rmbps ?
