  out of all people i know that follow f1 nearly half are women . 
  i think it 's not exactly fair as older songs have been there for longer time , but it 's definitely gls as well . 
  if i take into account just post-tarja songs for example ... it 's probably last ride of the day . 
  holy crap i listened the hell out of it when it came out , that catchy tune ... as of late though , greatest show on earth by far , despite it 's length . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  absolute masterpiece . 
  people who say that holopainen ca n't come up with good music anymore clearly did n't listen to the whole thing . 
  it would be great if all the people who think that he really kicked marquez got up and checked their facts again . 
  he did n't kick him . 
  even race control confirmed that . 
  he got penalty points for driving unsafely , which is undeniable as he went for the widest line possible , but he did n't kick marquez off his bike . 
  i 'm so tired of reading this over and over . 
  no offense meant , i 'm just annoyed by it . 
  spaniard ? 
  well , vettel knows a thing or two regarding controversial stuff in malaysia amirite ... 
  i consider myself a very casual fan of motogp , i do n't really care about drivers in the series , i watch races mostly just when i have time or so . 
  but man , marquez annoyed the crap out of me recently . 
  i would n't take it as far as starting a facebook hate campaign against him though - i mean , seriously , check out his facebook profile , he gets immense amount of shit . 
  does that even matter now though . 
  romain 's leaving by his own decision , sounds fair to me . 
  well , we pay about 100 $ per year for paid tv channel that broadcasts f1 ( including practice , quali and gp2 series ) . 
  they do n't have ads mid-race and they really just lack in quality of commentary - seriously , your average / r/formula1 redditor knows more than our commentator . 
  he 's enthusiastic for sure , but he spouts way too much nonsense . 
  but yeah , there 's that . 
  except motogp and iihf championship which are both broadcasted on different ( free ) channels we do n't really watch any other sports , so we pay for that channel just to get f1 . 
  my father certainly would n't buy it as he does n't speak english , but it would definitely be an option for me , especially if it would be around that 100 $ pricetag . 
  not really a fan of this idea . 
  f1 is f1 and it should be what makes f1 - racing circuits with technical corners . 
  indycar does oval racing very well , there is no need for f1 to enter that teritorry . 
  i also have a feeling that current tyres and power units could have issues with ovals . 
  he had electrical failure in canada quali . 
  that counts as well i think . 
  but yeah , i think ferrari does have serious chance to actually challenge mercedes next year . 
  on the other side , this `` next year ferrari will be championship worthy '' thing has been going on for way too long ... anyways , hope never dies . 
  ... because that makes sense for a force india driver somehow ... 
  it 's uncomparably easier for starters , and you can also see alot more action , which is definitely why youtubers prefer it as they can show much more to their audience . 
  on the other hand , there are still people who play f1 games with rear view camera ... o_o, 
   actually webber did beat rosberg in 2006 on the same car . 
  to be fair , webber had quite some experience in his pocket and rosberg was a rookie . 
  there 's not much to rethink . 
  he 's a good driver , just not as good as hamilton . 
  his chances are low . 
  and he 's very solid number 2 driver . 
  vettel would n't be able to challenge him had it not been for his car failures . 
  i think it 's circa on the same level as g2 when it comes to regular usage . 
  more ram is good and it also has nearly clean android , so i 'd say it would be a nice slight upgrade , but i wo n't buy it . 
  the upgrade seems too minimal to me to justify buying it . 
  also ... damn that glass on the back , such a stupid trend . 
  i 'm not judging anybody , i just find their preferences odd . 
  i do n't know mate , you certainly ca n't feel like it 's a real thing but you can still feel that your rear end is loose if you push the throttle way too much . 
  the correction is natural thing , i do n't need to see if my rear end has stabilised again , i 'll know it when car gets grip back . 
  something different might be a game in which you have to drift on purpose ( i guess , i do n't play these ) ... but in classic road course racing with some respect to simulation it 's more the way i explained above . 
  i do n't even think she 's * that * beautiful to be honest . 
  she 's just okay . 
  are we really doing this ? 
  i just stated my opinion on her looks ( as op said `` insanely beautiful '' ) . 
  people have different tastes , if she 's a 10 for you , good for you . 
  it does n't happen on this sub , but sometimes i just run into people ( even back in his rbr days ) who just dismiss it with `` nah , dude 's just trying to draw some attention and keep relevant with it . '', 
  i mean ... what the hell people , it 's beautiful . 
  i love his helmets . 
  he 's pretty much the only rbr driver who had original helmets amongst all that generic boredom . 
  wow , that 's just sad . 
  some journalists have zero ethics . 
  nasr 's trashing his more experienced teammate big time . 
  ericsson 's critics have a point . 
  of course he intends that * now * . 
  he 'll finish it with mclaren , calling it now . 
  i like gritty somewhat realistic craig styled bond ... i might give it a shot anyways though . 
  to be fair , what kind of reaction should they give him . 
  `` yeah man , we 'll do our best ! '', 
  at least the media people were amused . 
  downforce , bitch !, 
  but before that they will mention that brundle drove w06 . 
  just in case you forgot , you know . 
  ooooooooooh snap !, 
  that would 've been absolutely perfect comeback . 
  i believe that 's the case . 
  but iirc it 's worded so that fia can force only the manufacturer with least engines on the grid . 
  and here comes the lawyer fun stuff - is renault supplying 0 engines technically less ( they do n't attend in the championship if that 's the case ) than honda supplying one team ? 
  haha . 
  i want to hear update about his state from the man himself . 
  what a magnificent fuckup by sebinho . 
  seriously , this was painful to watch . 
  it was that he did n't have dnf due to crashing ... well , it was a good run . 
  he grabbed 4 wdc 's along the way ... oh . 
  wait a minute ... does that mean ... it must be . 
  all aboard the vettel 2016 wdc hype train !, 
  and 2017 . 
  and 2018 . 
  and ... okay , maybe i 'm overthinking a bit . 
  some say he even understands mchonda radio transmissions . 
  i can handle it as i 'll just give it time to load up . 
  but since the thread already is there i have to stand on op 's side . 
  loading times are terrible for me too . 
  not sure what 's the issue , my internet connection is okay , youtube works no problems in fullhd all the time . 
  yet streamable takes so long to buffer . 
  i can live with it , but as i 've said - since thread was already made ... 
  i 'd bet that women/men ratio per team would be nearly the same for most teams . 
  these just happened to be captured by cameras . 
  he said it himself that he was terrible .
