  look at ricciardo for example , he did n't make any mistakes of that nature , therefore at least he was better driver than lewis this season so far . 
  let 's just look at frontrunners to keep it simple :, 
  hamilton - baku quali fuckup , arguably some blame for spain , start issues ( maybe technical problem more than fault of his own though ), 
  rosberg - arguably some blame for spain , austria crash , his monaco pace , some start issues as well ( same as lewis ), 
  ricciardo - he slipped once in freaking practice and overshot one overtaking maneuver on vettel in spain , that 's it, 
  verstappen - entire monaco weekend , belgium race ( at the very least that poor start and first corner divebomb ), 
  vettel - australia error when chasing lewis , arguably some blame for china first corner madness , arguably some blame for spa first corner madness , entire british gp , quite a few times outqualified by kimi, 
  raikkonen - monaco gp error that was fatal for his race, 
  you get the idea . 
  in my books it 's ricciardo . 
  one could argue about alonso , but i find judging frontrunners way easier so i just prefer to keep it within them . 
  even the way it is now it starts to sound a bit crazy but i can still live with it . 
  going past that is pushing it too much . 
  for casual viewers even current system can be very confusing , let 's just keep it the way it is or even make it simpler . 
  no more `` whatever-soft '' compounds , please . 
  insurgency please !, 
  [ kitten is life , kitten is love ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/tohx7.jpg ), 
  thanks for doing this . 
  huh , how was gutierrez at fault there ? 
  honestly , i would n't mind that happening in his q runs . 
  same for nico though . 
  nothing personal . 
  seems like his standard practice radio to me at this point . 
  so much for mclaren singapore hype . 
  his imaginary and only friend . 
  so did ocon in his only third race session . 
  legend, 
  last time i cried because of f1 it was after joyful malaysia last year . 
  i might start crying very soon this year as well . 
  you make it seem like it 's some official statement by wolff or somebody when in fact it 's just mercedes pr person defending their driver against some random fan on twitter . 
  are you serious ? 
  very much doubt that . 
  rosberg terminated lewis today . 
  keep that performance on this level nico and you might even have a chance at that championship title . 
  good job . 
  after first race in 2017 , probably . 
  i mean ... why not , i already thought about it and it makes sense to me . 
  at this point there 's not much to lose and starting from pitlane and catching up to slower cars later on might even be better rather than risking getting into a pileup on such tight circuit . 
   talking in hindsight is pretty stupid . 
  at least there 's something we can agree on hehe . 
  no point in vettel making such statements ... may it be intentional jab at kimi or not , i seriously could n't see ferrari locking up front row no matter who sits in that car . 
   ... there is big possibility that vettel broke his car by brushing the wall ... 
  i am fairly sure we 'd get onboard shot of that happening . 
  it also happened on installation lap , i really doubt he was pushing it to near wall/curb limits on that lap when he had plenty of time ahead . 
  if you look on the footage the track is very bumpy , cars are bumping everywhere , no wonder something like this happened . 
  with kimi right behind him . 
  this is n't f1 official facebook site , stupid least common denominator comments wo n't yield you easy likes . 
  anyways ... as far as i can see f1 is still about racing , speed and ... well ... 
  i have no idea what makes current champions less real . 
  they look pretty real to me . 
  / r/conspiracy is that way . 
  good . 
  change all you can . 
  got ta make the best of this situation . 
  holy shit who would have guessed that singapore can be this exciting . 
  what a race . 
  i 'm not even mad that kimi did n't stick to third , that finish man !, 
  holy shit !, 
  vettel great recovery , and i think kvyat deserves honorable mention , his battle with verstappen was very symbolic and satisfying to watch . 
  it 's been a long time since he drove this well . 
  kimi great job too . 
  damn today everybody drove so well ... one of the best this season imo . 
  i ai n't complaining that he won , but duude , why ask in the middle of the race ? 
  would be super weird if he crashed in final laps . 
  this . 
  freaking this . 
  there were many great drives today , in fact so many that had it not been for my fandom i 'd have very hard time deciding who to vote for . 
  rosberg is definitely up there with best drives , i would n't even argue if somebody said that he was the best altogether . 
  champion worthy drive . 
  whoever votes for rosberg as `` not '' for this race is an ass . 
  change it like change the entire clutch or change it like situation ( let him start from pitlane ) ? 
  they found out before the race or during installation lap ? 
  that 's some pretty weird decision making by fia once again either way . 
  i just assume you used native language to avoid angering mods by swearing haha . 
  seriously doubt kvyat would obey anyways . 
  he has no reason to at this point . 
  good on him . 
  and mika on schumi overtake . 
  by far my favorite part . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  did n't he have exact same issues in singapore 2014 ? 
  damn he must hate it around there . 
  yes , most people have been saying that for more than a year . 
  vettel did n't swear on his radio since summer break , at least not during race sessions . 
  honestly , what the fuck are we doing here ? 
  i want my mad seb back . 
  haha i imagine they told kvyat 's engineer to pull it off in pr friendly manner and he spent like 2 laps just sweating , scratching his head and then said this . 
  as long as he 's not directly insulting somebody in unacceptable manner i 'd say it 's better not to ban anybody . 
  they did n't . 
  they removed blog spam . 
  actual video is still there and android sub is actually very positive towards iphone 7 performance-wise , often using it to show how far behind qualcomm currently is . 
  stop spreading circlejerky bs agenda . 
  4th best team with alonso sometimes putting car ahead of top 3 teams using his good old alonso magic . 
  great stuff !, 
  helped me remove 2 gb like nothing . 
  still have some wild 400 mb running around somewhere but still better than before . 
  insulting people because they are bothered by inconsistent design of something made by company that 's always been overly proud of their design and consistency . 
  do you really think that makes you look mature ? 
  idiot . 
  it 's very close between republic commando and jedi academy/outcast to me .
