  :-) rng is good if it 's somewhat fair , but gw2 rng is cruel . 
  and this is not just about precursor , but other stuff too - why do n't we get some tokens after each tequatl kill , which we can exchange for skins after we get reasonable amount ? 
  i do tequatl on almost daily basis and whad did i get ( speaking of unique stuff ) ? 
  one mini-pet . 
  after ... 9 months i guess ? 
  that 's just harsh . 
  i can even say that rng promotes even more crazy grind . 
  what ? 
  ascended armor/accessories provides better stat boost . 
  legendary is more about cosmetics , even though you can change stats on it whenever you want . 
  it depends , but i personally go for ascended stuff ... unless you really want legendary , because i do n't . 
  i would cry on forums for mounts . 
  mounts, 
  agreed , his inexperience caused him to make some mistakes . 
  on the other side , daniel 's drive is super smooth even though he has almost same experience sebastian had back in 2010 . 
  even as sebastian 's fan , it makes me think that daniel is better driver in general , at least for now . 
  they really push that pegi 12 to the limit . 
  but i like it , sort of . 
   i worry that they 're leaving a lot of plot outside of the game . 
  this is huge issue since living story as whole started , scarlet actually had cool backstory even back in the days , but nobody knew about it , because it was n't in the game , just on some dev blog . 
  they improved since then , but stuff like you mentioned above just proves that they still can do better . 
  and i really hope this trend stays in . 
  he comes back -  he dies -  we move on ( just like he does ) and take lead over pact . 
  no problem . 
  also read those comments on youtube ... awesome stuff , seems like arenanet did a great job on lore for s2 , just because people are interested again , which is quite a change after s1 . 
  :-) wp 's video is top class , but i kind of tend to agree with this theory :, 
  this just hit me . 
  what if whatever is in the center is keeping the other 6 major powers in balance ? 
  the orb representative of zaithan is opposite that of mordremoth . 
  what if by defeating zaithan we allowed mordremoth to gain power ? 
  this is really getting interesting . 
  - msp redgrave in comments of that video, 
  i really like looks of some ley line weapons ( dat staff ) , but these sounds make them feel so cheesy to me . 
  it sounds almost like pod racer from star wars or something like that , completely out of place . 
  but i guess that during the general gameplay with stuff going on , music & teamspeak being on ... 
  i wo n't notice . 
  thanks for this content , dulfy . 
  it 's funny how people bash everybody who says the truth loudly . 
  i got banned on one f1 site for saying pretty much same thing ( and i was polite , no insults or something ) . 
  this wolff hype train is annoying , even though i have absolutely nothing against her as person . 
  well i still prefer sound of v8s more , but otherwise ? 
  yeah , these v6 ( + restricted aero ) provide way more instersting racing . 
  i like it . 
  okay ... here 's a question : why should people in this thread care about some guy getting upvotes in different thread ? 
  this, 
  according to my experiences from other subreddits , scores being visible after short ( if any ) time usually make publishing opinions hard for people who are not following mainstream thinking , or however you want to call it . 
  i think it 's good to have these scores hidden , it makes people actually read the content instead of just brainlessly clicking ( and there are lots of people who act like that ) . 
  i do n't usually agree with niki that much , but this is so right . 
  imho it 's definitely one of reasons why f1 is considered to be `` dying '' - because it 's basically banned on the internet , especially youtube . 
  i really hope there are more people with such opinion in paddock and they can push bernie into corner with his old-school bussines thinking . 
  i 've never seen this in central europe , so this is really good for you , us guys !, 
  is that such a big deal to just skip this post if you do n't like it ? 
  seriously , it 's just one link in the list of currently trending posts . 
  you ca n't get it back , sadly ... it was pretty awesome , current launcher is kinda meh ... and also tends to crash sometimes . 
  but i get their reasons for this change . 
  ot : it 's about nostalgia too - this is the first thing i 've seen when i finnaly joined in the beta weekend . 
  i was so hyped for spending my entire night in this game , listening to this epic theme , skyping with friends while running around in queensdale and feeling like `` look at all this stuff that 's going on , dynamic events ftw '' . 
  ah , good days . 
  actually , that was kinda interesting . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i like when drivers are being honest and do n't just throw pr bullshit at us . 
  you may agree with him or not , but it 's nice to get honest reactions . 
  i see your point , lewis really was n't absolutely honest in the end - i just meant that it was nice to see him saying stuff he really thinks ... well , at least until he realized that he might have problems because of it . 
  is n't that even against human rights ? 
  well ... that is serious stuff , if it 's true . 
  i really tried to be supportive towards massa since hungary 2009 ... i really tried . 
  but you know what ? 
  screw it , i just ca n't be supportive towards total d * ckhead just because he had an terrible accident . 
  he should have left f1 after ferrari fired him and left the space for nasr instead . 
  matt also spoken about it during one of his streams on twitch ... they were talking about taking a break for few months , because views were going lower and people expected gw2 content every single podcast ( well , it started as gw2 podcast ) , yet they wanted to talk about movies and stuff and while there are some people who enjoyed it , most probably just left . 
  i really liked visualwood , no matter what the topic was , so i hope they will eventually come back in some form . 
  guild gab is good in terms of content , but that sound quality just disturbs me . 
  i would enjoy it much more if it had sound quality on vw level . 
  my reactions were in this order : okay , another gw2 teaser -  okay , some story instance with broham -  more mobs to kill , still being cool -  rytlock , okay , still cool -  wait what ? 
  it 's hell of a clich\u00e9 . 
  nothing against ferrari , but ricciardo is right about this . 
  also `` red bull just makes lemonade with caffeine , driving for them means nothing '' is pretty annoying clich\u00e9 . 
  gerudo valley from the legend of zelda in case that somebody does n't know and wants it . 
  i 'm afraid it would n't end up anyhow better than ham + alo back in the days . 
  that 's what people said ( including me ) about mercedes when lewis announced to join them . 
  woah , they did n't even have to push him into that answer . 
  he did it himself . 
   also i find it weird that the replay they showed was just a close up of his ass for like a full minute, 
  sometimes i watch motogp race and they really tend to like these cameras , for some reason , ehm . 
  ot : i would love to see heartbeat meters in f1 too . 
  just show it next to revs counter while showing a battle between drivers ... cool stuff . 
  i 'm by no means a russia supporter , but i stand by that sports should n't get affected by politics . 
  once we got to race there , let 's race ... cancel it for next year , if you want to , but not now . 
  i always admired him for his driving & political skills . 
  most people ca n't see this and that 's what makes it so great . 
  he really knows how to work with crowd . 
  i do n't like it in the end , but it 's awesome in some way . 
  i never really cared about christian , but this makes me like him . 
  politics should stay away from sport , they should have in the past , and they should in the future . 
  well he did n't really say that he dislikes politics aspect , he just finds it annoying to talk about it on teams press confference . 
  but i agree . 
  you 're overreacting and obviously missing context . 
  seriously , what 's the point of asking teams about politics , which are not their bussines and they ca n't even affect them anyhow ? 
  they are here to provide racing , so they should talk about that . 
  as horner said - leave politics up to fia/bernie .
