  it all started here . 
  damn . 
  i mean ... 
  i kind of expected him to leave mclaren anyways , but to fire him over email , on his birthday . 
  fuck mclaren , not cool . 
  it feels so unreal that i actually used to like them back in the days . 
  got ta love all these socialist hippies who think that selling at loss is somehow key to eternal wellfare . 
  small teams paying alot for pricey power units is somehow a bad thing , but big team selling their power unit for financially unsuitable price would be okay ? 
  please . 
  this is why economics should be better explained on high schools . 
  that never happened . 
  and what the hell do you expect him to say then ? 
  that he was on the top of his game and that he was n't crap ? 
  come on now , that 's bullshit . 
  man admits he was bad last year and you give him shit because ... some reasons , i guess . 
  now this is a level of anti-vettel butthurtness i have n't seen in a long time . 
  i did n't miss it though . 
  inb4 manor spending more on car development than red bull in 2016 . 
  to me , honestly , it sounds quite good in theory . 
  but reality is that we would just get all mercedes podiums and that 's not as fun anymore . 
  it might be a bit dumb argument on my side but i 'll say it anyways - schumacher never really had exactly super strong teammate and he 's still seen as all time great . 
  what 's the deal behind vettel needing to prove himself against hamilton-class driver in the same car ? 
  by no means i 'm saying he 's absolutely the best , i just think he 's already one foot set in the all time hall of fame no matter who he beats ( or not ) from now on . 
  oh , right , i can see your point now . 
   all i 'm saying is that going against bottas for vettel wo n't exactly be some epic show-down in my opinion, 
  we can definitely agree on that , i do n't know why people think that he would be a challenge for vettel . 
  he would probably be stronger than raikkonen currently is , but i doubt it would be enough to give him edge over vettel . 
  well , there is still some difference . 
  kmag definitely saw that coming . 
  that girl did n't ( natalie was her name , right ? 
  it looks cool on the first sight , but once you start looking a bit closer to check all the details ... it 's a mess . 
  cooling issues . 
  their clothes package was too tight . 
  i just hope that nobody will give similar appointment to jacques . 
  it 's pretty easy to spot people who know nothing about the sport these days . 
  you are n't even trying . 
  my bet is you 've never even seen any race prior to 2011 or something . 
  or if you did , you have serious nostalgia glasses issue . 
  just go and rewatch some old races , they are on the internet . 
  and then come back an reconsider that crap you spit there . 
  i 'm pretty sure money is n't very big issue for kmag . 
  for any f1 driver , really . 
  how can one not like this team . 
  they could 've pulled out after all that shit they had to face and damn i would n't even blame them . 
  instead they kept pushing with absolutely minimal budget , car that would be more suitable for lower formula series , searching for at least a tiny bit of sponsorship money , and more partnerships so they can continue doing what they love - racing . 
  i admire them for not pulling out and staying in the sport with such hard conditions . 
  and now they remember who did help them even though they are already contracted to another manufacturer . 
  i really wish them some points next year , this team earned it the hardest way possible . 
  also , for jules . 
  he would 've been proud of them . 
  something tells me this man would n't be happy with the sport even if they straight up went back to screaming v10 with no drs , refueling in place and tyres that can last full race in 100 % push mode . 
  i did n't expect that i would dislike webber even more after his retirement , but yeah , he was able to manage it anyways . 
  you just came to this sub to troll how bad the sport is , right ? 
  even if i tried to understand your point and agree with you , you would have to proof that f1 is scripted . 
  there is no fucking way races are scripted . 
  if you really believe that , you 're in the same tinfoilhat teritorry as people who believe that bernie is sith lord . 
   i want to see f1 sprint races with no safety cars . 
  like a 5 lap do or die , balls to the wall race . 
  like a arrive and drive online multiplayer race . 
  in other words , you do n't want f1 to be f1 . 
  [ poor seagull tried to replicate his bro from monaco ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cvnpsyqgbo ), 
  [ and another one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glld44dp39i ), 
  damn it guys , i 'm very casual about motogp , but this year i 've seen maybe a half of the season ... and i missed this race . 
  even people on my twitter feed are freaking out how epic it was . 
  got ta watch it later . 
  and what do you think they spend those $ $ $ on ? 
  engineering . 
  well , you can draw dicks all over verge . 
  who does n't want that ... 
  that 's so cringy it hurts me . 
  but hey , all part of the show . 
  it 's quite the opposite for me . 
  i want vettel to win the wdc , but i do n't really want to see anybody eating their poo . 
  ha said talented . 
  still better those posts than this post . 
  how about you go , click , and read the article ? 
  i 'm sorry for caps but i just ca n't help myself . 
  i am so fucking hyped about star wars i literally cried whilst watching the latest trailer . 
  that moment when remastered binary sunset theme kicked in i just lost my shit big time . 
  it 's like being 12 again . 
  the movie might not be the best movie of all time or something , but i know i 'll go see it at least 3 times . 
  serious childhood flashbacks . 
  i 'm kind of a regular guy , but when it comes to star wars , i am the most stereotypical nerd you can imagine . 
  this year 's christmas are going to be fantastic just because of that movie . 
  thank you disney for reviving the franchise , i love you . 
  to be fair , bruno did n't race for most of his childhood due to obvious reasons coming from his family . 
  he lacks the experience . 
  other than that , yeah , they just are n't as good . 
  as much as i do n't like jacques , he 's still league above these guys , at least in general racing terms . 
  i 'm interested how he 'll do in fe . 
  i 'd be very interested what is more posted . 
  this , or mika 's overtake . 
  yep . 
  but bare in mind that f1 is designed tobe fast as hell in corners , not on straights . 
  f1 car with minimal downforce setup should still be slower than open wheeler designed for oval racing ( mostly ) on straight speed . 
  bruh, 
  yep , he won . 
  after 4 years in the series that is meant to be for rookies , by the time he won he was pretty much fighting just against rookies or/and very hopeless drivers . 
  and even then he nearly got beat by vandoorne , who was real rookie that year . 
  the sentiment behind vergne is that he was fairly close to ricciardo who beat vettel , so there 's that .
