  that 's what happened , rest you can judge by yourself . 
  i get that in regular life scenario . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's good for haas pr when teamboss takes smiling pics with a guy who verbally attacked his own driver in front of press earlier that day . 
  my friend, 
  also everybody : best halo was on the podium . 
  except kimiquokka . 
  the only genuine user there . 
  cheer up mate , that 's really nice return . 
  betting big money on not-likely odds is almost never a good idea anyways . 
  penalty wdc . 
  exactly . 
  i saved the first shared pic and was done with it , no need to stir it up . 
  kv ... you obviously mean the torpedo . 
  dae remember when he wrecked vettel, 
  - act like shit happens when everybody and their grandma is surprised that a guy fifth in wdc standings is a no . 
  2 to a guy who leads them . 
  what a fucking shocker . 
  replay hungarian podium over and over . 
  my instructions end here m8 , rest is up to you . 
  there 's no right or wrong in this case . 
  we 'll only be able to tell once championship is done . 
  but it was nice , for sure . 
  dan is n't responsible for max 's car failures . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  unless you 're one of those hardcore conspiracy guys ... 
  and that pic is related to it how ... ? 
  mark is the people 's man . 
  ca n't think of any famous person that 's more approachable towards fans than he is . 
  no , he had 10s stop and go ~ ~ as well ~ ~ . 
  this sounds dumb but i 'd be actually pretty interested how would pace of the field mix up ( if at all ) if drivers were completely banned from hitting the kerbs and going off the track even slightly . 
  it 's just a theoretical scenario , but i thought of it yestereday as vettel 's driving style is well known for using as much of the track ( and kerbs/tarmac behind them ) as possible , whilst on the other hand hamilton for example is a late braker , etc. 
  and theoretically not allowing vettel to hit kerbs hard should slow him down a bit more than other drivers , who stay within track limits more consistently through the entire lap . 
  every driver would be slowed down by not being allowed to hit kerbs , but i wonder whether there would be straight up noticeable difference which drivers did it more than others . 
  ah , right . 
  i screwed up there . 
  seb had stop and go , max `` just '' had a time penalty . 
  just look at alonso . 
  it is , but hot damn that tone in a video goes as if he is dead . 
  he 's not . 
  cheer up and hop aboard the hype train !, 
  actually no , i was n't really serious with that comment . 
  was just making a `` psychological advantage '' joke . 
  meme-wars are totally a thing tho . 
  go ask / r/prequelmemes and / r/sequelmemes . 
  welcome home , robert . 
  they are the best in my heart . 
  did n't he turn into hulk in first place tho ? 
  genuinely asking , as that was my understanding of what happened . 
  can somebody please explain pirelli team ? 
  what car do they use ? 
  some old car with mule-ish aspects to simulate current spec ? 
  max . 
  did n't catch that you talked current drivers . 
  still dare to disagree that wehrlein is better than hulkenberg . 
  also being second out of three , or third out of three is n't exactly a mighty feat , especially in this context . 
  that 's a good way to approach it , no pressure . 
  but i sure as hell hope he 's fast . 
  handed over by jeff himself . 
  understatement of the year . 
  2018 wdc ? 
  wtf m8 he 's clearly racing this year already . 
  i 'd like to point out that i just came back from dunkirk and had five strong beers afterwards . 
  i 'm fucking crying op . 
  do n't do tihs to me . 
  i 'll go with hockenheim . 
  racing is usually decent , but i find that track unbelieveably boring . 
  no matter if old or current layout . 
  just let it go , op . 
  wow , there 's a steelbook release for 2017 ? 
  they must have some serious faith in that game . 
  [ my memories in nutshell . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjqpuxv1y9a ), 
  those were very different times when it comes to my approach to alonso . 
  i despised the man with passion , having crashgate still relatively fresh in mind ... 
  i did not respect him at all . 
  that obviously changed over years , i also grew up ... but still , my memories of that day are very fond . 
  the race was kinda meh tho . 
  and that 's despite 2010 having some good racing overall . 
  special release of the game ( or music/movie / ... ) that 's mostly meant for collectors and hardcore fans of the series . 
  usually containing some bonus stuff inside like artbooks , behind the scenes docs etc. 
  iirc there has never been an f1 game with this special release . 
  umm ... very long . 
  steelbook releases are a thing as long as i can remember . 
  huh . 
  well i stand corrected then . 
  or this classic ( not sure who said it first ) : `` you 're only as good as your last race was . '', 
  it 's kinda funny . 
  this year they kept their mouth shut all season and media still hyped them as mercedes killers . 
  and now they do n't stand up to the hype they did n't even want to create and media jump on it . 
   hungary in-season test - day 2, 
  what a funny way to say `` kubica hypetrain test '' . 
  did he win that mclaren in sabacc as well ? 
  makes sense for rbr i guess ... str is n't meant to win anything anyways and this could make basis for eventual switch . 
  neither is halo . 
  let 's just ban real world racing . 
  the only 100 % reliable safety measure . 
  aiming for a full season instead of just this one and then seeing what might be next ? 
  i like your way of thinking . 
  fast consistent laps and over two race distances . 
  somebody just give him that seat .
