  nasa . 
  the price is great , i was pretty much decided to get some when i saw the price tag , but ... am i the only one who finds them just ... super boring and basic looking ? 
  it looks like some knockoff from aliexpress and not official f1 team gear to me . 
  guess that 's just the way mclaren is today . 
  / mild rant over, 
  it 's freaking masterpiece , you can tell everybody worked so hard to make this a fantastic comeback of legendary franchise . 
  sucks that jj wo n't do upcoming episodes imo , he nailed it and deserves another sw movie . 
  it was absolutely fantastic , i shed few childhood memory tears during intro and then during the movie . 
  very , very well put and great comeback for star wars . 
  i need to go again , abrams is the man . 
  seriously , go watch it if you like scifi , star wars or just good adventure movies . 
  it 's full of nods towards previous movies , but it stands well on its own . 
  my inner nerd was super pleased , and trust me , i have had high expectations . 
  damn it , what a movie . 
  well yeah , he set quite a benchmark for them though . 
  i 'm just afraid of change when jj has done well . 
  as a fanboy i really hope upcoming episodes follow the same quality levels . 
  spoilers are path to the dark side . 
  alonso leaves f1 . 
  i really ca n't think of more crazy , yet realistic thing . 
  thanks renault . 
  now maldonado and palmer . 
  that one race when he drove like proper f1 driver and defended against fernando fucking alonso like a champ . 
  good times . 
  til they do n't get paid . 
  but hey , i guess i 'd do it for free as well . 
  chill out man . 
  i for one did n't believe in this happening either , but calling people morons because they speculated about story development in movie they love ? 
  well i certainly understand how circlejerky this whole thing looks , and whilst it 's rather pointless to compare their passion for ferrari as some kind of quality measurement - since he already said it , i 'd say he 's not * that * wrong . 
  for alonso , more or less ferrari was a team he thought will be able to put him into championship winning situation ( and do n't get me wrong , there 's nothing wrong about it ) . 
  for vettel , it 's a team he dreamed driving for since very childhood , following steps of his greatest hero , * the michael * . 
  i may be overly poetic when it comes to this , but there is no denying he 's living his dreams by just wearing the red suit and driving the red car on race weekends , let alone being able to stand on that top spot . 
  the cynical part of me is still rather interested if his love for ferrari will remain the same even if championships wo n't come . 
  i 'd love to see their relationship stay the same forever , but we all know how it goes in real life . 
  well it 's not like he does n't acknowledge vesrtappens achievements , he even stood behind him before australian gp when asked about any advice for max . 
  he said something like `` i 'm pretty sure he can handle himself if he was able to get into f1 . '', 
  which is for example quite the opposite of the way massa was talking about max for good part of the year . 
  i do n't blame him for wanting kimi in the team , it means easier job for him , but let 's just not get ahead of ourselves . 
  max might be future champion , but his prime has n't come yet . 
  which might ( or might not ) be vettels point there . 
  ... and for drivers who disobey rules . 
  seriously though , i 'd lower certain penalties , but that 's probably about it , the concept behind it is kinda okay in my books . 
  i just hope it works this time . 
  til franchise can ripoff itself . 
  verstappen is great , but let 's also look who did he fight against - another rookie . 
  a good rookie as well , so there 's some credit to that , but he did n't crash alonso level driver or something , like some fanboys tend to suggest . 
  and as for his on-track action , yes , he is fun to watch and has fantastic racecraft , but i am getting tired of people ignoring two facts - str was actually decent car , and most of his moves were done against cars that had older tyres on them . 
  stop riding his dick everytime he overtakes somebody who is on 20 laps older tyres . 
  oh jesus , i wrote this entire comment and then i noticed your username . 
  it got my attention , so i clicked ... 5 hours old account , mostly active there by praising hamilton ( and bitching about `` hamilton haters '' ) and dissing vettel . 
  sounds familiar ... dude , your comments are so transparent that even guy who 's been on this sub for a month will recognize you . 
  not even sure how am i supposed to call you at this point . 
  i could n't care less about downvoting you , it 's pointless , you 'll make another account in a month or so anyways . 
  merry christmas and bye . 
  hopefuly next time i 'll notice your username sooner and wo n't waste my time . 
   mortal kombat get over here, 
  damn it , now i will heart it in my head whenever this scene plays . 
  you mean the mix from main trailer ? 
  where the theme really kicks in during `` this christmas '' ? 
  nope , that one is n't in soundtrack . 
  but people already got out just the music track and it 's on youtube . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooncd-c519a ) is probably best quality wise . 
  savage . 
  many people are dyslexic and you do n't even have to realise it until they actually tell you , despite being good friends with them for years . 
  i would n't be surprised if more drivers have this issue ( i know about stewart , i 'm talking current grid ) . 
  anyways , nice of him ... but what stops him from building schools for poor now , i doubt he does n't have the cash for it now . 
  i mean ... he 's not going to put bricks in place himself anyways , let 's just hire some people and it can start growing well . 
  i am really tired of unappreciative little idiots like you . 
  yes , prequels were n't perfect , but they were n't even nearly as bad as this stupid internet circlejerk spread by idiots like you suggests . 
  let 's just cut this man some god damn slack , he 's the one who created it all , he deserves some respect , even if he 's definitely not the best script writer and director of all time . 
  i am so tired of all this `` hooo hooo lucas sucks '' crap . 
  fuck every person who calls themselves a star wars fan and then craps on lucas all the time . 
  if we had alonso vs. hamilton and vettel vs. ricciardo in the same cars again , there really would be no point in having other 16 or 18 cars there . 
  i know it 's all very hypothetical , but i honestly believe rosberg would wipe floor with bottas . 
  no hard feelings against bottas or something , i just do n't think he 's on rosberg 's level , at least now . 
  just for one season before they sort it out - release all technical regulations and let them design the craziest of craziest . 
  hell i ca n't think of this going well in reality , but you asked for insane ideas ... 
  the only thing that comes to my mind was when i was going for deodorant in supermarket and amongst all these regular deodorant 's there was one rexona deodorant colored in lotus ' livery colors ( and even had the official logo on it ) - for some reason i instantly went for that one . 
  but that 's probably about it . 
  i rarely drink red bull or monster ( mostly on parties , coffee is cheaper for regular life ) , i do n't like blackberry phones , i 'm not a big fan of whiskey , i do n't smoke , i do n't have money to buy me some rolex , i never went with some big brand when it came to car tyres , and so on ... i 'm probably not bernie 's favorite f1 fan . 
  webber wanted a lift and was penalised for it , because he ran back on the track when there were quite a few cars going around ( not in full race pace , but still ) . 
  i think hamilton had to avoid him quite handily . 
  it 's the sun . 
  that pretty much answers it . 
  oh okay , so it 's not a tabloid rumor . 
  what really just sucks is breaking up on christmas . 
  i 've experienced it once as well and man ... it really just sucks . 
  this is senna all over again . 
  his family flipped out as well . 
  not that i blame them or something , it 's understandable ... but i doubt they are going to gain anything . 
  he was a racing driver , that itself is a very risky job . 
  and then there is a fact he ignored double yellows . 
  may he rest in peace , he was a great guy and talent , but it was his fault as well . 
  i cringed super hard during first watch ... but it actually gets better on second run ... and third ... okay , i may have played it quite a few times okay ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ten ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ times ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ think, 
  this is perfect . 
  saving for later . 
  at least they return though . 
  i can appreciate that ... some brands just left ... and probably wo n't return anytime soon , or ever . 
  you really should make these tags bigger .
