  great idea !, 
  sync is my favorite reddit app , i really wish it was on ios as well . 
  i just could n't find myself as comfortable with any ios reddit client hence why i just use web ui on ipad . 
  and do you ? 
  `` we have to remember these days , we have to remember these days . 
  there 's no guarantee that they will last forever . 
  enjoy them as long as they last . 
  i love you guys . '', 
  i am reposting this for yet another time in similar thread , but point still stands . 
  strong foreshadowing , and quote itself really fits into hero/zero mentality in f1 , or any world class competition for what it 's worth . 
  i do n't have exact word-to-word quote for it but i also liked horner 's response sometime during 2015 ( i think ) where he said that f1 should n't be as democratic , because it 's very natural for every team pushing it 's own agenda , iirc he even used very honest example that went in this way : `` we want more aero and open engine development . 
  force india wants more money , ferrari wants testing and so on . '', 
  he ended his point stating that just because of that they barely ever agree on anything . 
  in terms of general popularity almost certainly it did . 
  i would n't put all blame on less exciting racing , sound or whatever though . 
  move towards paid specialised tv channels instead of being aired live on free mainstream channels did most of the damage imo . 
  i 've noticed that here in czech republic alot , when it was still being aired on our biggest private station many people who did n't really give a damn about f1 still watched from time to time and knew stuff . 
  and that 's even in 2013 , one of the dullest seasons of recent years . 
  nowadays , 2 years after it moved on paid channel people are asking me who 's winning it these days . 
  seriously , no hyperboles . 
  it 's the same as with athletics and such , almost nobody i know would be willing to pay to watch that stuff , but since it 's on national sport channel all the time people watch it anyways . 
  f1 shoots itself into foot big time with those high fees and exlusivity deals . 
  holy crap op do n't do this to me . 
  i saw `` hakkinen confirms '' and my heart stopped for a second before i continued reading further . 
  that bernie is to be blamed for everything . 
  by everything i mean literally everything . 
  i have my criticisms of the man as well , but there are many misconceptions on what he actually does in f1 . 
  i think el capitan had way better looking notification centre , especially given that it was actually dark when os is set in dark mode . 
  other than that , eh ... not much difference tbh - however i like storage optimisations , without any additional effort i constantly have a bit more free storage compared to el cap . 
  maybe they confused it with moon . 
  i 'd like to be surprised as well , yeah . 
  i probably wo n't be . 
  because people are often underestimating raw speed of that toro rosso car . 
  it was red bull chassis with better engine than the one in red bull . 
  that being said though it was no dominating rocket , his drive in monza 2008 is still an amazing performance and whoever denies that is just nuts or salty - it 's just that some people act like toro rosso was around it 's 2016 performance level . 
  it definitely was better . 
  it looks like somebody playing f1 game with grip cheat mod lol . 
  high fps just adds to that feel . 
  i do n't really have any idea , his only teammate benchmark is n't saying much - so purely based on personal feeling i think he 's going to be murdered . 
  being put up against hamilton is make or break move in his career . 
  if it happens i wish him best of luck . 
  but i would really love to be proved wrong , that 's for sure . 
  dae feel afraid this sub will become corporate pr forum if all teams are to join us sooner or later ? 
  i want confirmed flair too , where can i send links to my xvideos account ? 
  kids these days amirite ? 
  all it took to get karma back in the good old days was to make shitpost or hate on some driver who is n't popular . 
  paging, 
  / u/sauberf1team, 
  / u/forceindiaf1, 
  now is your turn to prove that you really want to be one of us muheh . 
  well done sauber, 
  sauber welcomed us all, 
  definitely not giedo banter garde . 
  wtf yo , this is trash talk thread , not write a novel in caps thread, 
  less buttons , more ? 
  still too soon . 
  clich\u00e9 fanboy answer - vettel italy 2008 . 
  yeah i know the car was decent , but still a great underdog performance . 
  also - maldonado spain 2012 , bianchi 2014 monaco spring to mind immediately . 
  or alonso 's entire 2012 season . 
  shots * fired * i see ? 
  thats entire point of reddit though, 
  by realizing that you win the game, 
   i 'm dutch, 
   has vettel flair, 
  you need to get your priorities straight, 
  better than most people think of him , he was no michael , but to give you perspective of relative performances to present day i 'd say he was rosberg level driver . 
  his brothers shadow hurt him big time . 
  i think ferrari wanted vettel . 
  hutts and some skyguy lived here i heard . 
  i like podracing . 
  great farmers i heard !, 
  just like it 's original creator is villified anyways . 
  it 's really sad . 
  sure , prequels have their issues , but lucas is overly hated for them . 
  he deserves more respect for what he created . 
  she would have been proud for sure . 
  they fought for everything she stood for and believed in . 
  and they also managed to find remains of good in their father . 
  that glow could be just because of relatively low quality pic from cam footage ( ? ) . 
  i say wait for bluray quality and then make comparisons . 
  yeah , if they made some random human character with no significance in the story using cgi , i bet you nobody would even notice anything . 
  it 's just that people are focusing on smallest details with both leia and tarkin as we obviously know there had to be some dark movie magic going on . 
  easily the best movie space battle ever imo . 
  after i settled down i actually do n't rate rogue one crazy high ( i like it though , solid 7/10 ) , but this whole space battle was amazing . 
  it had everything , great action , many little things and details for hardcore fans , original approach to battle and spin to it , massive drama in the end ... everything . 
  definitely well deserved . 
  i have my opinion on dotd votes , but this one is very deserved . 
  what about / u/kmaggainstrainer, 
  up until now i never realised that i actually liked high noses so much . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'd actually like to see that for shits and lols . 
  it 's like 99 % chance that hamilton would destroy him , but i would still love to see that . 
  even if just for a few races . 
  failed final exam of this semester . 
  i overpushed it , had a really great streak of passing it all at first try with solid results and so i also tried to study for the hardest one in 3 days . 
  i just burnt out myself , first two days i felt like i can actually do this , but then for some reason lost it and forgot most of the stuff i was dead sure i knew day before . 
  i could n't unsign myself from the exam at that point , so i just kinda tried ... to add salt to injury , the guy who came was there as replacement for usual professor , and gave us even half hour less time to finish everything . 
  full panic mode led to stupid basic algebra mistakes and having just 20 % score . 
  fml,
