  well , if that hapens ... [ fernando in the end of 2015 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0tlcx1f.jpg ), 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ professional ^ ^ ^ ^ mspaint ^ ^ ^ ^ graphic ^ ^ ^ ^ designer . 
  queensdale x10 ? 
  holy cow , queensdale itself is kinda big compared to dry top for example . 
  i 'd be totally fine with 5 new queensdale-sized maps to be honest . 
  not counting in that verticality aspect , which i hope will be less puzzly than it was in dry top for example ... i liked it once , but i 'd be annoyed if i had to watch out for cliffs all the time . 
  the way they hype up this whole partnership thing might hurt them terribly if they do n't provide amazing results . 
  just saying . 
  fuck it , i just love this guy . 
  there is a way to prove it - wait until he seriously fights for non-dominant wdc . 
  vettel was amongst most likable guys on the grid until his wdc era began too . 
  i 'd still like daniel even if he did something shady though ( after all , i 'm still sv fan ) . 
  there are certain limits , but i doubt he 'd become new maldonado . 
  f1 2013 works only with 5-10 fps for some reason ( yes , i 've checked gpu detection and tried compatibility ) , even though on win8 .1 i could easily play it with 40-60 fps . 
  other games work good . 
  yep , i have similar experience , chrome is way less responsive , ie works much faster now , but still not as good as it was on 8.1 . :-|, 
  fastest one yet . 
  damn that 's hot . 
  finally pretty original looking medium armor . 
  it 's not like i hate the original one , but damn this is great . 
  is it 90s again ? 
  `` that 's for that bragging in our company basketball match , jenson ! '', 
  is this really necessary ? 
   the warrior was a lvl80 downleveled, 
  that 's actually pretty important factor , even downleveled but fully geared mesmer can pwn the crap out of level 40 mobs . 
  but i see your point , my main is a warrior and when i rolled ele as my alt , i was overwhelmed by how challenging it can be sometimes ... i know it 's really not once you get used to not rambo-ing everything you see , but yeah ... 
  good point !, 
  i actually like it this way ... right now even drivers of slow teams are not bound to 99.99 % chance of being last ( 0.01 % is bianchi 's monaco #neverforget ) . 
  sauber has been shaky but last year was extreme fail even for lotus which was doing well before ( financial stuff aside ) , so i think odds are they 'll have a chance for points too . 
  i 'd like more teams on the grid , but right now it can be pretty interesting . 
  also that camera brutally beats aosp/cm roms cameras . 
  i 'm more like `` am i the only one who does n't give a damn about this entire subject ? '', 
  yes , some fan-based mockups were looking better , but it 's not like i feel need to write essays about it and spam teams twitter accounts with `` much better colors '' . 
  they removed the actual beginning with ruby , bogotter , aurora peachy , jebro , chronick and pve thug . 
  i nearly thought i was the only one who was wondering . 
  so ... who 's that ? 
  front wings/noses are much better than last year , so the biggest moan-reason is dead . 
  people needed something else to complain about . 
  i do n't really get it either , i 'm very happy with this years cars . 
  and that mclaren honda circlejerk is really dumb although i appreciate some fan-made livery mockups . 
  personally i think mercedes has the most boring livery since 2010 ( or 2009 if you count in brawn gp ) and never even thought about starting a discussion about that - like ... who the hell cares ... 
  damn it , massively was the only decent mmorpg news site i actually enjoyed reading . 
  if there is any chance they will read it there - thanks for your work and i hope you 're going to make new project about mmos . 
  any ideas for replacement sites ? 
  by that i mean site which provides similar content like massively does ... i mean ... did . 
  : - / most mmo websites i know seem to be way too focused on crappy free to play games , or they just copy/paste press releases and do n't add any own content . 
  she 's a big one in voice acting and even [ games voice acting community ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jennifer_hale#video_games ) ( femshep * wink * ) . 
  nobody is denying that , but even if i try to be the nicest guy ever i have to say she was cheesy at best . 
  actual acting is not her thing ... or maybe it was just stupid script by somebody from arenanet . 
  anyways i dont ' t feel like her performance was so bad it could ruin the entire show for me , that would 've been too harsh . 
  they said new region , and what region in gw2 is ? 
  well , for example kryta , or ascalon ... both consist of quite a few zones ... so there is no reason for panic , at least yet . 
  fun fact - nothing like that is in that thread . 
  stop making up quotes when it 's so easy to check their validity . 
  this . 
  he reminds of sebastian a bit - even he was damn fast and had great potential , but he was making tons of mistakes . 
  experience made him better . 
  i do n't see kvyat beating ricciardo this year . 
  mclaren really did screw up with that retro advertising , if they did n't do that , people would probably be way happier . 
  mercedes does the same boring silver crap all the time with some green splats because petronas and everybody loves that ... for some reason . 
  this . 
  i have no idea what are you guys talking about , oh84s started with his classic type of comment which afterwards somehow turned into `` that 's what vettel said/meant . '', 
  this is pretty much the same shit like when people were speculating about alonso jabbing at vettel with his praise of hamilton , or more recently ricciardo . 
  pve thug , is that you ? 
   p.s : gw2 needs better graphic cards , wvwvw or world bosses can get fps laggy, 
  cpu * - graphic card is important too , but most brutal fps drops in zergy conditions are caused because cpu is overwhelmed by stuff that 's going on . 
   that content is 10 years old , and absolutely horrendous . 
  * cough * cataclysm * cough *, 
  got ta agree that wow leveling is not even close to the content you do at max level though . 
  hell i 'd even upvote you just because i feel bad for your downvotes , but then i read that last paragraph ... 
   archeage , pretty good f2p mmo, 
  have you ever tried archeage after beta ? 
  that game is utter pay to win mess and perfect example of screwing up great ideas and solid base gameplay mechanics . 
  trying hard jev fan ? 
  you can guess how is everybody going to do based on 2014 , but nothing more . 
  if it would be so easy to measure aerodynamic abilities , they would n't even have to do this testing and wind-tunnel simulations , etc. 
  they could just look at the car and say `` oh hey , this is slow , let 's change this and that . '', 
  artwork level : 11/10, 
  badass level : over 9000, 
  amazing job !, 
  that was when he was winning though ... ugh ... 
  needs more drugs then . 
  i 'm not german , but still ... no need to remove it , or replace it . 
  just center that flag for fucks sake !, 
  my inner ocd demon hates him now . 
  my favorite car this year . 
  who would 've guessed after 2014 ... 
  nope . 
  does n't really mean anything ... but one can dream , right ... 
  damn i 'm jelly now . 
  i got boner just by reading that . 
   cat dragon dude, 
  this is gold . 
  i hate them more when i do n't see them . 
  again ? 
  rosberg is going to be as hungry as ever . 
  and vettel possibly , if ferrari is really going to be that good ( again - i can dream ) . 
  not because of 5th title , but ferrari feels . 
  hype !, 
  this is the best scenario we could even think of .
