  some men just want to watch the world burn . 
   they knew that f1 2014 was n't that great and wanted to keep the reviews under wraps . 
  come on now . 
  many game dev companies do embargo reviews until the release date even when the game is pretty awesome . 
  it 's pretty normal approach , no matter the actual quality of the game . 
  yes . 
  your point being ? 
  dae electrocut from testing broke something in his fucking head . 
  okay then . 
  it 's just a joke . 
  seriously , people these days ... 
  well , you might not like him , but he 's not really wrong on this matter . 
  i wonder how did they decide who will be on that cover . 
  but this is real life and not iracing . 
  so much for those who said vettel only got podium because he was lucky on pit stop timing ( he was , but it was n't the only factor ) . 
  the thing is that verstappen is a rookie . 
  somewhat cocky and arrogant rookie , but still just a rookie . 
  people kind of accept when rookie makes a mistake , as he 's likely to learn from them and get better over time . 
  if verstappen makes these mistakes more often , then we can say that he 's maybe not ready for the sport and entered it way too early . 
  i do n't think that 's the case though . 
  kimi on the other hand , has been an amazing driver during his prime - and do n't get me wrong , i am still his fan , but his performances say more than many words - he 's simply past his prime . 
  maybe he should retire before he loses rest of his shine and former glory - although one might argue that kimi does n't care about this type of stuff and if he wants to race ( and ferrari takes him for next year ) , he probably will . 
  i can respect that , but i honestly think there are better options on drivers market . 
  and drive a unicycle . 
  still better than porsches imo . 
  i 'm surprised how much can those fences take . 
  it looks so fragile , but it just launched the car back into track . 
  jealous . 
  alot . 
  they are faster than 2014 though . 
  that 's an increasing trend . 
  i 'm currently using it . 
  what kind of bug do you mean ? 
  i have n't noticed any . 
   probably more media in a nutshell . 
  ftfy, 
  roc is just like top gear time attack made mostly for fun , i doubt it means much to anybody attending there - it 's just for fun . 
  that was ... unexpected . 
  guy might be turning 40 by the time it happens . 
  feels . 
  : ' - ( it always felt so right that master and his apprentice dominated the competition , however unserious it might be . 
  so many jpm puns in this thread . 
  i 'm sorry , but op was asking for gross ways of digesting protein powder . 
  not boss ways . 
  wow , that sounds ... bad . 
  64bit machines are older than 5 years . 
  not really true , but every modern chip that modern games usually require is already 64bit . 
  most games have no use for 64bit addressing unless they are super heavy on memory , which is rarely the case unless it 's an online game with many players on scene at the same time . 
  note that memory requirements of games advertised on boxes count in average system memory usage . 
  once they add bookmarks sync , option to change search agent and support for add-ons , i 'm leaving chrome . 
  it 's beautiful and crazy fast . 
  love the smoothness of it and reading mode . 
  fantastic next gen browser ... 
  too late m8, 
  there is n't even a safety car ? 
  the more i read about this game , the more `` nope '' i feel . 
  like every f1 driver . 
  fair point . 
  i forgot about this as i play with kind of heavily modded f1 2013 ( ai aggressivity , more damage ) . 
  i would still like it though . 
  great stuff . 
  and about that face thing ... it 's basically a running meme right now , but if you ever show yourself , then i can at least hipster around that i was your fan before you revealed yourself . 
  btw , an idea for woodenpotatoes merchandise - t-shirt with big label `` i am wooden potatoes '' . 
  one could also go for `` visualwood '' t-shirt , but that might seem a bit too awkward for people without contextual knowledge . 
  he seemed that way in the end a bit , but still ... if he was annoyed by it , he would n't probably drive with classic breakfast of champions badge and talk about his dad so often on social media . 
  does anybody really feel bad about it though ? 
  except people who live in new jersey of course . 
  political incorrectness would be nice , but let 's not force it . 
  if dude wants to live quite and peaceful life , let him do so . 
  there is enough space for both hamilton-ish stars and for vettel-ish stars . 
  f1 will never have it 's rebel yell back - it 's well established product with way too long history to become a rebel thing again . 
  and even then , if we ( they ) tried - there are armies of online warriors who will judge every `` incorrect '' move any driver does . 
  just look at those feminazis dissing hamilton after champagne celebration . 
  sadly enough , society tends to listen to those idiots more and more . 
  oh , right !, 
  i meant , f1 fans from new jersey . 
  guess vettel and rosberg became cool enough for bernie to make the deal in germany then . 
  i 'm gon na ask for the guy ... ca n't you just ... you know ... do something about it ? 
  i mean come on , it 's still a freaking precursor . 
  on a first try . 
  that happens once upon colineese year , and you know how long that year is . 
  bahrain is on my birthday !, 
  seb better grab that win ... 
   this game is worse than the porsche 's at silverstone, 
  would make some sense in times when she could at least hear those cars . 
  huh ? 
  i do n't see any kind of logic behind you question . 
  how does rise of fe anyhow work for motorsport on olympics ? 
  dae usain bolt can go faster than manor lel . 
  oh wait , it 's not monday ... 
  awesome *, 
  check out massa 's charity kart races . 
  he always invites some more or less big names from motorsport and it 's hell of a fun to watch . 
  truly pure racing . 
  come on buddy , it 's just that there is a bit of hype around the official f1 game now , it will pass . 
  i do n't think he did . 
  it 's just a realistic view of things ... no dominance in any ( motor ) sport has been permanent . 
  there is no way he will go in jail . 
  there will be a way for him . 
  i would love to see him locked though , not gon na lie .
