  wag queen for me ever since she started appearing in paddock . 
  and that was at the time when everybody was crazy about becks . 
  ferrari is the only team i think could be interested in him if we talk just front-running teams . 
  and even then , i think ricciardo knows well that his greatest chance right now is to stay with red bull . 
  he is frustrated , yes , but i do n't really see any other good option unless he feels like trying to pull a hamilton . 
  it 's a joke . 
  chilton has a good grip over internet memes . 
  i saw him interacting with wtf1 a few times . 
  he 'd do fine on reddit . 
  i think he 's better than some people give him credit for , but at the same time i do n't think he 's a top driver material . 
  he was beaten by button , a guy that in general is considered as one of the slower top tier drivers ( and that 's not meant as an insult in any ways , i love jb ) . 
  he might have improved , but just like hulk he simply does n't have the edge other f1 top drivers have - at least in f1 . 
  he could do great stuff in other series , i do n't really doubt that . 
  / r/the _ donald / is that way, 
  just deliver or shut up . 
  it only makes the pain worse . 
  rofl he made this post https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4m27j2/cucked_rformula1_supports_illegals/, 
  seems like we are all enemies of his idolised state lol . 
  is it just the photo or did he really age that much since 2013 ? 
  i 'd almost say that 's alain prost in that first photo had i sat a bit further from the display . 
  one poorly written novel is not on the same level as all of that sidious cloning crap from old eu though . 
  and that 's just one of many things that were very wrong in old eu . 
  man if you australians do n't care about politics at all and it still kinda works , you 're one happy country . 
  i might move there once i get real tired of all this shit in europe lol . 
  i 'm judging by my gaming experiences so take that with massive grain of salt :, 
  monza imho is the easiest track on calendar . 
  there is pretty much only one tricky corner , a few corners that need some braking point practice and rest is just going full throttle . 
  also sochi and yas marina circuit are fairly easy to me . 
  both have quite wide roads with alot of runoff area , they allow for some corner cutting without much penalty if you do n't hit the braking point ... you can really only screw up that second long straight braking point in sochi , everything else should be fine . 
  in yas marina the worst thing that can happen is losing a few tenths when you lose the flow through the final sector but that 's about it , i guess . 
  on other tracks i could point out more tricky things that can screw up a good lap . 
   i marry women that can drive a car better than i can . 
  sheesh man , i respect other cultures etc. 
  but how many women did you marry ? 
  true reason behind red bull - renault marriage being all good again . 
  that 's reddit for ya . 
  i know that he 's f1 superstar even without andretti . 
   less buttons , more ? 
  i do n't think it matters much to most drivers unless the driver is italian or/and the driver idolised schumacher during childhood . 
  track is kinda boring , yeah ... but scenery is pretty cool . 
  does anybody really care ? 
  sure i made a sarcastic remark about that `` you nailed it dawg '' or whatever jb 's actual line was , but since then i really just moved on and do n't give a damn . 
  if there is somebody actually hating on it days after it happened , that person has a problem and needs professional help . 
  also why do lewis fans automatically get so offended , there was no highly upvoted comment about their friendship hating ( or whatever ) . 
  or at least i did n't see any . 
  all the comments hating on it i saw were in negative numbers ( including my comment that i last saw him in baby videoclip ) . 
  all good then ? 
  i understand and i hate 90 \u00b0 corners as well , it feels like some old arcade racing games have more track dynamic than this . 
  i 'm just trying to look for positives - and after some time i learned to like singapore gp for some reason ( ca n't really say why is that ) , so i 'm certainly willing to give baku gp a chance . 
  odds are the racing will be crap , but let 's wait and see . 
  yep , good examples . 
  i kinda like hungary as a track and monaco is mental from onboards . 
  russia 2015 was one of the best races of last season . 
  i 'd like to see that baku is one of these surprisingly good races . 
  people complain about people complaining . 
  and china , bahrain , ... 
  i doubt there is anything f1 can do . 
  it 's a show/sport and it better stay politically neutral . 
  just when we thought that maldonado jokes were diminishing from interwebs . 
  yep , he was beaten 17 times by grosjean . 
  next up was kimi being beaten 15 times by vettel . 
  as far as i can see nobody in this thread is making fun of sexual labor of children . 
  so please , spare us of this sjw-level hyperbolic bullshit . 
  for once i can agree on something with him . 
  he was slipping , but he did n't fall to it before rots . 
  my chair has adjustible height and it also somewhat compensates when i sit improperly on it . 
  dae movable aero and active suspenision ? 
  let me start by saying that this is a nice article with even nicer point at the end . 
  okay , so now that is clear to you ( i hope ) ... you 're saying that a writer ca n't write one good article and one bad article ? 
  keep going . 
  i do n't like buxton ( i do n't hate him or something , just do n't love him either ) , but i can still appreciate his articles if i find them interesting and fun to read . 
  and on the other hand when i dislike some of his articles , i freely express myself about that . 
  does that make me a hypocrite ? 
  if so , yes , i confess - i confess to a magnificent morale-crime of not liking an article and openly trying to express it . 
  hopefuly you can recover from that and wo n't be as salty next time he writes something . 
  the circlejerk around him on this sub exceeds most other circlejerks whenever somebody posts his articles here . 
  just because he 's somewhat famous motorsports journalist and hangs out on reddit does n't mean that he should never be counter-argumented or criticised . 
  and regarding * that * article - he was one of those journalists that was constantly feeding people with how amazing verstappen is . 
  and yes , he kinda is . 
  but if you repeat that every five minutes it starts to get annoying and that article ignoring how strategy helped him to get that win ( he still drove well and defended kimi like a boss , do n't get me wrong ) certainly just made people even more annoyed . 
  it 's not max 's fault , but media try to paint him as second/third coming of senna and then they ( journalists ) get mega anxious when people get annoyed of hearing that all the time and react in a different way than just applauding and repeating their opinion . 
  same thing happened with hamilton and vettel hypes in earlier days . 
  i 'm sorry but if there is a hypocrite , it 's people like you , because if i followed logic behind your statement , everybody should just agree with everybody on everything . 
  and you obviously do n't do that . 
  i 'm really annoyed by this stuff . 
  eh ... not like it 's his fault though . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  i guess he 's sort of enjoying this payback after all that media slapping he got last year . 
  i say good for those who like it , but i do n't . 
  okay for a street circuit , but boring circuit in general . 
  i feel like i 'm in minority as i already was a few times downvoted for stating this , but i really do n't understand what 's the fuss about albert park . 
  i just do n't see what 's supposed to be good about it . 
  turn 1-2 is fun , and then turn 11-12 is fun - if you make a mistake there , your pace for the rest of upcoming straight is screwed ... and that 's it . 
  other than that it 's flat , boring track that does n't allow for good racing in general . 
  middle part has decent flow that 's kinda challenging to get right on sims , but many other tracks still do it way better anyways . 
  it 's one of those tracks that really needs drs in order to promote some action . 
  it really is one of my lowest rated tracks of entire calendar . 
  that 's not how i meant it and you know that . 
  no tokens spent yet gaining 4 tenths ? 
  please , be true .
