  whoever denies that is an idiot . 
  honestly . 
  bottas is unstoppable when he likes the car . 
  if corner leading to straight is a 90 degree or something like that , there 's usually only one somewhat fast racing line , and that makes job way harder for following car . 
  prequels in general are criminally underrated ** in my opinion ** . 
  some come to this sub for more than just dissing prequels and telling everybody that they owned og star wars on vhs , you know ... 
  i do n't think their primary goal was to overcut him purely with us vs ss pace , or to give him more tyre life for final stint ( as tyres did n't really degrade much ) . 
  instead they tried to play the traffic , at least that 's how i understand it . 
  what they did was right thing to try . 
  his times did n't differ much from bottas and they tried to play it properly just in case bottas gets too stuck behind traffic , kinda like they played hamilton in australia . 
  it did n't work this time , but it was better to try this instead of just copying bottas ' pit strategy . 
  looking at those previous season comparisons i am actually quite surprised how dynamic was the worst team poll . 
  i see through lies of the jedi . 
  this is a sequel meme , do n't make me kill you obi-wan . 
  i just stated my opinion . 
  this anti-prequel toxicity is so tiring . 
  it 's the same problem as with metal communities where fans of certain subgenre automatically diss the other ones because it does n't perfectly fit their preferences . 
  ot , pt and st have their own issues , yet all of them are still good entertainment . 
  it really makes me wonder what would we even discuss about this race had it not been for vettel showing middlefinger to massa . 
  yep , i noticed that too . 
  no way race control would n't notice that , so i guess they just did n't care . 
  they usually tell drivers which parts of track is a big nope in advance so i guess this track limit was n't part of the deal . 
  i can hit gym every other day , eat clean , buy myself expensive clothes and even then i know i 'll never look as cool as arrivabene . 
  life 's tough . 
  people are giving him shit on his social media ? 
  that 's really just sad . 
  that 's fair though . 
  tcw nor rebels is perfect . 
  they are still very worthy additions to star wars story though . 
  i did n't hate tcw or ahsoka , but i did n't really care about it much ( watched it as it was coming out ) ... and here i am few years later , sporting ahsoka flair and seriously considering her as one of my favorite characters of this entire universe . 
  if you 're already really loving the show , you 're in for a ride later on !, 
  enjoy . 
  i always thought to myself that people in those videos always react kinda politely and mildly , i know i 'd go a bit crazier than them ( to put it lightly ) . 
  after reading your comment it finally clicked to me , crazy people like you or me are probably cut from public video . 
  that 's really just a matter of taste i guess . 
  i 'm not sure what do you mean about heavy canon changing stuff in tcw , i mean ... mythological bendu creature that 's able to cast freaking lightning storms is alot wilder than anything from tcw , including entire mortis arc . 
  i for one do n't like more `` mythological approach '' to force and stuff in rebels and i feel like tcw overall had more impactful story arcs and made me care about characters way more . 
  that 's something rebels really lacks for me , my favorite characters in rebels were those i already loved in tcw . 
  i feel like every character in tcw is way better developed and tcw generally improved quality of prequel era by huge margin . 
  that 's something i ca n't really say about rebels . 
  i like it and all , but if it did n't exist i would n't feel like ot era canon is missing out on something huge . 
  but to each their own . 
  still really good vodka tho . 
  new way to cover up that oil burning !, 
  impressive . 
  well that came out of nowhere . 
  [ some old dude in yellow shirt paid for it . 
  ] ( http://www.timeoutabudhabi.com/images/content/star_gazing/gallery/redbull92809_1_gallery.jpg ), 
  he 's actually a big f1 fan . 
  f1 sounds were used in podracing for example . 
  so lewis , do blondes have more fun ?!, 
  god that was awkward . 
  [ there you go mate . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjj4mbdpboy ), 
  that 's what george lucas asked him on podium interview in monza lol . 
  it was at that time when he had dyed hair . 
  their rivalry is stronger than any on-track action would suggest , though i do n't think it 's a classic rivalry . 
  for what it 's worth vettel vs. hamilton this year has more potential to be a classic rivalry than his fight with alonso ever had as car performances are way closer . 
  3 cars wide even touching here and there at what , 330 kmh ? 
  these men are crazy . 
  i like speed and all , but i 'd be scared shitless of driving this race . 
  or any oval race for what it 's worth . 
  yeah , to think this was made in late 90s it still looks pretty damn good . 
  how dare you !, 
  this is why i am very okay with people calling star wars a fantasy in space setting instead of scifi . 
  star wars has very little to do with science based fiction . 
  it 's better that way ... 
  i mean ... nobody nitpicks lord of the rings for unrealistic stuff . 
   i just broke out into jibberish and was like , `` yes , yes , yes , i 'll do it for free , yesssssssssssss . '', 
  this is one of the best things about star wars . 
  it 's being made by fans for fans . 
   cheers !, 
  best work is the passion motivated work . 
  well , instagram has that random `` based on your usage '' posts page where you get random stuff from various people around the world . 
  so he could have been just bored and liked some random shit from that page . 
  there is n't one . 
  order is just chronological :, 
  - mustafar duel ending in rots, 
  - `` then you will die '' in rebels s2 finale, 
  - vader fucking rebels up in ro, 
  - twin suns in anh, 
  - vader finding out about his son for first time in vader comic, 
  - `` i 'm a jedi like my father before me '', 
  - that moment when anakin 's lightsaber got into rey 's hands after kylo was trying to pull it into his, 
  i ca n't pick one out of these . 
  i love them all . 
  one word : bullshit . 
  i do n't deny that alonso is overall better driver , but your statement is based on literally nothing . 
  there 's no real basis for statement that alonso would win all 4 races in that car . 
  so ... bullshit . 
  edit : also how the fuck does vettel underperform and raikkonen not , when vettel is clearly ahead of raikkonen . 
  are you for real or just trolling for shits ? 
  sounds like a wild stretch and dreaming on rb fan 's side , but wow 1.3 s faster than current chassis with same engine ? 
  remember that shitstorm ? 
  me too . 
  this is getting out of hand , now there 's two of them . 
  but seriously , i 'm a big fan and i did n't even know he has a brother lol . 
  wish him best of luck , it 's probably for the best not to try go for open-wheelers as that way he can at least somewhat avoid comparisons to seb . 
  exactly . 
  just go ask ralf .
