  i had to manually remove it using titanium backup for developer purposes , and luckily enough at the point when i was about to send the app to my client , lg already fixed that so their text to speech component did n't enforce higher priority in the os despite what you did in settings . 
  it might not sound very complicated , but to me as a junior developer it was something i could n't instantly find in crash logs and just that thing with my lg took me about a week of my time . 
  and that can piss you off when you make the deal with deadline at the end of the month . 
  stuff like that does n't happen on ios , but on the other hand it does n't give you as much freedom as android does . 
  so there 's that -- from user 's point of view , at this point imho both platforms are pretty damn good , at least if you take high end android devices against latest iphones . 
  it 's mostly just about personal preference . 
  from developer 's point of view , android also gives you more freedom , but it can also make your work harder than ios ever will . 
  oh jesus , this is a long comment - well , it 's what i do and what i love to do . 
  i 'm still a junior dev though , so kmag can give you more insight in that if he 's more experienced than i am ( i have just one serious project behind myself - not published yet though , my client is currently testing it and i am waiting for his feedback whether he wants to make it public or not ) . 
  tldr : both are good , android gives you more freedom , but it 's little bit more tedious platform for developers . 
  nope . 
  for example i like red bull as a drink quite a bit ( yes , i really do like the taste of it ) , but i do n't really consider myself a fan . 
  i also like the post-ballmer microsoft , but i could n't care less for lotus as a team - well , except their twitter account . 
  i could go on , you get the idea . 
  the only way i can see myself being a fan of certain team due to sponsorship is when i get to work for that sponsor . 
  i know you 're joking and it 's not even close to reality . 
  but i would fucking jizz my pants if that happened . 
  sadly enough , i know his pain . 
  i 'm not that hardcore into cosmetics , but eyebrow maintenance is ritual i repeat once a week and half or something - exactly due to this . 
  yep . 
  motorsport is n't big in our country , we 're okay in rallye and we have had some smaller names in motogp or f1 feeder series , but that 's it . 
  our only real f1 represent did n't really meet f1 standards and in addition to that he liked weed way too much ... 
  i can imagine \u0160koda f1 team turning stuff around quite a bit , even though it 's more or less german brand now , we still see it as our brand . 
  it 's quite unrealistic to expect vw to pick up \u0160koda when they own way sexier brands though . 
  so it 's confirmed then . 
  i was still a kid in those times , but i can clearly remember being sad for kimi in 2005 - even more so because my father used to be big fan of his too . 
  those were the golden iceman times ... anyways ... and mclaren was being mclaren . 
  overall uncomparably more exciting than 2004 ... well , except the us gp . 
  glad you liked it . 
  at this point i ca n't see myself moving to ios anytime soon as i 've already bought too many apps on google play and i definitely do n't feel like buying them or their equivalents on ios again . 
  google has me locked in , unless i get to make some good money with it in the future ( that 's the dream ) . 
  what i tend to do is to buy year old flagship phones . 
  flagship devices of last 2 years are so high quality they can easily last years now - unless you are very hardcore about mobile gaming , which i 'm not . 
  i bought lg g2 with very good deal short after g3 came out and it still works amazing with my daily usage ( well , except that tts issue in the past :p ) . 
  back when the smartphone hype started you really felt like upgrading your phone every year is almost necessary , but not anymore . 
  manufacturers probably do n't like it , but my wallet has different opinion on that . 
  oh god , finally . 
  he should have left the sport years ago . 
  i do n't want to sound too harsh but this guy was just mindlessly wrecking everybody - more or less the way people wreck in public multiplayer racing . 
  he had maybe two or three bright moments through his entire gp2 run . 
  he 's now at age at which real top drivers get to win their first f1 championships . 
  maldonado is senna compared to this ~ ~ kid ~ ~ dude . 
  just play it and see if it improved for yourself ? 
  installation should n't be that of a big deal , huh . 
  well , well , well . 
  alonso close to mercedes . 
  who would 've guessed . 
  i say sandbagging , but i 'd love to be proven otherwise in quali . 
  hype, 
  yep , that 's awkward . 
  progress of dreams . 
  bullrari hype . 
  is this real life ? 
  more than a fucking second . 
  a second . 
  what year is it ... 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  ca n't wait to hear from mercedes boys . 
  at this point i do n't really care what was year ago . 
  but yeah , he was terrible last year , if that somehow matters now . 
  sorry , i just went full fanboy with this comment , but i 'm really tired of certain people nonstop pulling 2014 whenever somebody suggests that vettel is actually a good driver . 
  it feels just like those people who constantly pull out excuses for his poor 2014 performance , just the other way around . 
  my dad is a long time hamilton fan , he never really liked vettel since he joined rbr and was very annoyed by him since 2011 . 
  he also does n't like germany as a whole and never missed any chance to joke about ferrari . 
  today i 've seen him cheer him when he finished that lap . 
  that means something . 
  nah , he did seem in okay mood right after quali . 
  signing kid 's cap and stuff . 
  well , that 's really bright future for f1 if ej is right . 
  and he tends to be with his singapore rumors . 
  you know what , that rule was n't so bad . 
  i do n't know . 
  moss is by many considered up there with all time greats and he has n't won a single championship . 
  i think alonso can easily make it into hall of fame with his performances and 2 wdcs . 
  umm , ricciardo had worse hardware reliability . 
  umm , i 'd like to agree with you , but i just ca n't . 
  you ca n't make one good quali/race as ultimate argument for vettel being the best . 
  even no doubts much slower raikkonen qualified ahead of mercedes cars . 
  they just do n't have the pace this weekend . 
  it 's definitely a hardware issue , not their drivers suddenly being shit . 
  i like seb quite a bit ( understatement of the year ) , but let 's just not get ahead of ourselves . 
  he has done many of these performances in fantastic cars though . 
  sf15t certainly is n't the best one he has ever driven , but it 's definitely a good one . 
  i still do n't think that makes him `` demolish hamilton '' type of driver . 
  if anything , it would be close as hell , and even then i have my doubts . 
  vettel might be better in quali , but even as his fan i think hamilton has the edge in racecraft and fighting on the track . 
  and sorry , i did n't mean to put those words in your mouth , i just poorly translated your `` demolishing ham/ros '' part into my comment . 
  [ offtopic comment ], 
  so ... last night i promised to a girl i like that i 'll go to college sooner so that we can meet up . 
  i did n't realise it 's freaking singapore with it 's ultra length . 
  do n't they even dare to call out safety car for god 's sake . 
  do n't they even dar ... oh who am i kidding , it 's singapore . 
  guess i wo n't enjoy seb 's joyful winning scream live . 
  hopefuly the first part of the race will be fun too . 
  had to miss last 15 laps , did something worth mentioning happen ? 
  according to twitter not , but you guys are more hardcore about f1 than my people on twitter . 
  might just be my bias but i have a feeling that seb might beat nico in this stat by the end of the season . 
  and not just in that . 
  hah , thanks !, 
  not bad , just different .
