  i like how you conveniently ignore the fact that ferrari is way stronger now than it was last year all season long . 
  by this point last year everybody was already on rosberg vs. hamilton train . 
  now a ferrari driver is leading the championship . 
  people are just giving their opinions , in more or less snarky way . 
  there are 230,000 + people , this thread has like what ... 60 comments ? 
  yeah , clearly representative of entire sub . 
  you 're the one being butthurt about it . 
  sorry-not-really-sorry for not believeing much in the idea of team with least mileage so far beating team with clear second best car . 
  it 's not like i hate rbr or horner , or their drivers , i want to se danny ric do well , but i do n't see it being this good . 
  if being a ferrari fan at the same time automatically invalidates my opinion on this , i guess there 's nothing else to discuss besides saying that you can bite me . 
  verstappen trains on games regularly , right ? 
  would be fun if he just joined this for shits and destroyed everybody lol . 
  pretty much . 
  some missed chances were on strategies , but he himself threw away good results as well . 
  very interesting , would n't have guessed that either . 
  considering how far ahead he was for the most of 2011 that 's a really good sign so far . 
  it could have been even better had it not been for going nuts in baku and generally a poor performance in britain . 
  these rules are fucking retarded . 
  damn , you 're from rich neighbourhood mate . 
  i like that they did n't even put them into a dlc , but straight into base game . 
  they did n't have to do that , they could have easily went the 2013 route ... but they did n't ( except one car ) . 
  i appreciate that . 
  very consumer friendly . 
  2012 and 2013 lotuses were amazing . 
  both in performance/budget ratio and looks . 
  i like that renault is back , but i also really liked this version of the team back then ... before everything went to shit in 2014 . 
  i wonder how many people would shit on amp if it was n't from google . 
  just saying . 
  that being said , i think this is a good feature . 
  just my opinion regarding that playgrounds subquestion , in addition to what was already said :, 
  imo playgrounds are more for people who do n't really understand programming at all and want to learn from scratch . 
  i do n't mean that as an insult , i think it 's actually very good for what it is ... but i do n't see how it can be beneficial for people , who already know programming basics . 
  when i was coming to swift with decent c # and java background , i tried those too ... and put them away in less than an hour . 
  i do n't really care about that much storage in a phone to be absolutely honest . 
  but i get why are they doing it ... 4k is the shit for the future . 
  and that being said ... god damn it , at least give 256 gb drive to base macbook pros . 
  more so if you 're gon na go this nuts on iphone storages . 
  apple , please . 
  i like it to be honest . 
  i do n't actually mind wild design choices as long as they do n't include dildo noses . 
  does n't change the fact that merecedes is n't really doing anything different from what ferrari does . 
  yet only ferrari gets shit for having a clear number 1 driver . 
  some old wounds from schumacher 's prime era are starting to bleed again , i guess . 
  [ yep ... ] ( http://www.espn.co.uk/f1/story/_/id/19125182/lewis-hamilton-fernando-alonso-mercedes-2018-not-going-happen ), 
   `` so far valtteri and i have a great balance and the scales weigh up nicely . 
  if you have got two kilos on either side , and then take the two kilos off and put four on , what is the point ? 
  you need the balance . '', 
  such a beautiful way of saying that he just does n't want alonso in there . 
  he knows that he would probably smack vettel in the same car so he 's not afraid of these brave statements when talking about him . 
  but alonso ? 
  that 's a different story . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  i do n't blame him for wanting this . 
  but can we please stop acting like lewis is open to making stuff harder for himself on purpose ? 
  now that 's a non-generic red bull helmet if i ever seen one . 
  wish that was his standard design all the time . 
  beautiful . 
   usually just frustrating when i spin out every other lap with the f1 car , so a bit less simulation might not be that bad at all . 
  judging by previous games you 're pretty much their target group . 
  codemasters do n't make nfs like arcades , nor they make hardcore sims - like for example ac . 
  that 's what i actually really like about all their games ... they are very well balanced in between . 
  turn off assists and i think it will pretty much suit your needs . 
  wheel support is good . 
  care to explain why darksofter 's comment is upvoted in positive numbers then ? 
  beautiful . 
  pole laps this year are on next level . 
  did you take it in baku ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ kidding , ^ ^ ^ ^ chill ^ ^ ^ ^ please . 
  a great achievement indeed . 
  fair enough . 
  i did n't really think about it too much besides acknowledging this achievement by lewis ... but this tweet ... 
  i shed a tear or two . 
  records are there to be broken , indeed ... 
  it 's bad . 
  not much else there to say . 
  we do n't really have anything official , but since the message for lewis today was from his wife and family , i guess it 's fair to say he 's not even conscious/himself . 
  android 5 icons were the best . 
  i also liked rounded approach in 7 ... but why the fuck are they putting them in rectangles now ... that is just beyond me . 
  they are changing them for the sake of changing them . 
  lol . 
  if there ever was a joke that is equally as funny as it is sad ... it 's this one . 
  except it 's not even a joke . 
  there 's something right about ross brawn being the one delivering this message . 
  i actually like me some wipes . 
  they are part of star wars style to me too much . 
  your loss . 
  they are my favorite era . 
  to each their own . 
  yeah , schumacher was generally regared as the best long before his accident . 
  at least by most . 
  [ here you go mate . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/gianludale27/status/901451769217261568 ), 
  given that vettel was slower in first half of the lap ... that would be one hell of a stupid risk to make kimi abandon his lap just for a slight chance of saving the day for vettel . 
  not to mention kimi himself said it on the radio that he fucked up the lap before the tow even happened . 
  by the way - maybe next time you complain about downvotes on negative comments on vettel in other thread , consider that maybe ... just maybe ... your anti-vettel comments might be kinda dumb and downvote deserving . 
  he does n't know that . 
  nobody knows how would the car behave if it was pushing the same speeds as merc , ferrari or even renault powered teams push . 
  i take it more like a positive thinking and motivational stuff for the team than anything else . 
  it 's nice of him to be supportive , but i would n't look much more into it . 
  yeah , he 's definitely my least favorite part of sky team as well .
