  this is why people should n't do hardcore drugs . 
  iirc ai in 2010 was also cheating with tyres . 
  i often lost race because they did n't stop for mandatory tyre change . 
  probably just a bug , but it really did grind my gears back in those days . 
  by far 2013 , most content in there , well balanced driving system , decent penalty system ( compared to older games ) . 
  if you want more challenge from ai , search for ai mods on racedepartment.com - i highly suggest true to life ai mod . 
  he did n't need to adjust anything , since they `` simply '' ( i know , it was n't that simple ) set the car to do everything by itself ... i mean ... current drivers have tons of options of setting up the car on the go , but they have to do it . 
  his active suspension car did it for him . 
  not taking anything away from him though , i still like the guy ... i mean ... who did n't love that magnificent ` stache . 
  talk about using shotgun against insects . 
  i started streaming with spotify , but earlier in the year i gave a shot to google music , because it was on super cheap sale here ( 3 months of unlimited access for like ... 2 usd ) . 
  my subscription is about to end in few days and i have to say , that i 'll just return to spotify . 
  some tracks i really like are simply missing , and i 'm not a fan of google play webui , fully-fledged windows client spotify offers is way more comfortable for me . 
  also i feel like random radio in spotify is better at targeting my taste . 
  does the person like awesome epic stuff ? 
  ghost love score . 
  does the person like some fairly easy to listen music ? 
  bye bye beautiful . 
  does the person like slow , peaceful melodies ? 
  the islander . 
  does the person like fast metal tunes ? 
  dark chest of wonders . 
  if i had to pick one though , ghost love score . 
  i expected some bitter statement , but what he actually said sounds very reasonable to me . 
  going flat out all race is way more fun than saving ... everything . 
  at least from driver 's point of view . 
  keeping my hopes up for 2017 and new aero regs . 
  i would say much worse stuff being involved in a crash while driving in 300 km/h + speed with all that mad adrenaline going through my blood . 
  even if it would be 100 % my fault . 
  honestly , i hate when people bitch about what drivers say during race to radio when they are under pressure . 
  grosjean admitted mistake once he calmed down and saw the incident from replay , nobody got hurt , so everything is okay in my book and we can move on . 
  this review . 
  this review gives me chills whenever i see it . 
  absolute top !, 
  truly one of the best season 's i 've ever seen . 
  well , if manor will continue to race next year ... i 'd bet on them . 
  honda will be happy for any data they can collect even if it 's from shitbox car , and manor seems like their relationship with ferrari is n't as bright as it used to be , since italians seem to have haas as their b team . 
  i do n't really see any other option , honestly . 
  i do n't buy these messages about renault leaving f1 . 
  this is pretty cool feature , in 2013 i used to play gw2 mostly with world of warcraft soundtrack . 
  do n't judge me . 
  also ... zelda anniversary orchestral mix of most famous tracks was with me in tyria for quite a while . 
  inb4 posts asking about next sale day after 75 % sale ends . 
  i did n't downvote you , but clearing cache of entire os and dalvik cache due to one app being slow is big overkill and if anything , can also lead to rest of the os slowing down , because it 'll have to make new cached data for every app ... and that can be quite a hit on performance for first few days of usage , when you have tons of apps installed . 
  especially since most apps are used to running their services in the background . 
  it 's the same thing as when people kill their apps whenever they leave them , and then they are wondering , why some notifications are firing up later or never ... 
  entire factory reset with cache wipe would do better , but it 's still an overkill solution , even though you 're right , it 'll most definitely work . 
   a good example of why wec is better to follow is the story about pitstops in monaco in f1 this year . 
  it was a shitstorm for weeks on end , with all sorts of childish fools spreading the shitty comments all over the internet complaining and commenting . 
  that 's what happens when there is big crowd of fans - bigger the crowd , the more idiots you 'll see/hear . 
  in other words , once wec is as popular as f1 is ( if that ever happens ) , it will be no different . 
  so stop acting like you 're intelectually somewhat higher , because you like less popular series . 
  vettel to win . 
  mateschitz handing red bull shaped trophy to seb in red suit . 
  you know , just for the feels . 
  please , no . 
  just keep monza in the calendar . 
  please . 
  imola has deserved it 's place in history of the sport , but it 's time to move on . 
   ice bow got buffed instead of nerfed, 
  * read that again *, 
  not that i was a fan of nerfing it , but buffing it ? 
  just ... wat . 
  [ massa did . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/56367000/jpg/_56367758_hamandmascollision.jpg ), 
  yeah , got ta admire nico not giving it up . 
  his final moments in abu double showed his racing attitude quite well too . 
  he 's not as good as hamilton , but damn he tries hard . 
  best story ever . 
  that would be pretty sad ending for his career . 
  i do n't even like him , but he definitely deserves better . 
  i 'm suprised how many people put in australia , and in albert park especially ... yet every single season we bitch how hell of a boring race it is . 
  it 's very close between silverstone and spa . 
  i love driving on both of them . 
  does he really ? 
  these big companies tend to have some kind of board , and ceo does n't have all the deciding power . 
  shh , that 's not impressive . 
  tr was obviously the best car at the moment . 
  is it 2012 again ? 
  holy shit , that 's much more than i expected . 
  i do n't know man , the title in this shop says heart of trons . 
  you sure that is n't leak for the second expansion ? 
  he has n't really aged . 
  shave him and he still looks like that late-teenage kid . 
  anybody has any info if the book will go to digital distribution too ( google play would be best for me ) ? 
  does brawn gp car count ? 
  i 'm asking , because it did n't really have any livery at all ... 
  that must be why gw2 was the second most profitable game in ncsoft 's 2014 earning 's report , right ? 
  i have the \\ #blessed africaaaaan ... 
  give it more time . 
  iirc people did n't bitch about rbr winning in the early/near-mid of 2011 . 
  it got worse later . 
  czech republic ( central europe ) here : they have really mixed reputation . 
  some people hate them with passion , i for one never owned a renault , though i drove some and had no issues with them - as most french cars , they are quite hard on brakes , but you get used to it . 
  imo i do n't think their regular car production is anyhow bad , although it 's just fairly realistic to say they do n't maky any top-class cars like mercedes or bmw does . 
  still do n't understand why is xavier alive . 
  stop pulling shit like this right out of your ass . 
  you make up crap and then blame wp like he already did something like that . 
  idiot . 
  search for help .
