  well that was intense ending . 
  no doubts lewis is going to be fast as hell tomorrow . 
  hopefully seb can hold rest though . 
  i must 've missed that then . 
  i prefer to keep my expectations lower , but damn that would 've been awesome . 
  you approve , right ? 
  agreed . 
  f1 could use some wings . 
  they know how to advertise and promote - and considering their bussiness model , we could even expect some classic tracks returning instead of going full tilke somewhere in asia . 
  daaaaaaamn there would 've been huge shitstorm if they really bought f1 , but in the end ... i 'd love it . 
  it really could n't get any worse than it is now , that 's for sure . 
  needs more explosions then . 
  [ better quality ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpf1/t31.0-8/11101012_10153182819646085_208838802855803096_o.jpg ), 
  oh , well ... what the hell . 
  has nico really decided to go on `` screw this let 's make everybody dislike me . '', 
  quest or what ? 
  he 's not making it easy for people who are defending him ... i mean , for people who used to defend him . 
  i 'm done . 
  lewis can wipe his ass with him and hopefully ferrari ( and mclaren ... please ) is going to catch up next year . 
  haha , [ reminds me of `` f1 for dummies '' ] ( https://youtu.be/oh8dluechg4?t=1m41s ) . 
  holy shit i 'm crying . 
  feels are strong with this one . 
  hulk was at fault imo , but penalty was too much . 
  i 'd call racing incident on that one and let it be ... 
  this . 
  even after british gp last year i said that bitching about vettel and alonso screaming into radio was freaking pointless . 
  it 's not like they are messaging something to us , they are talking to their team and damn it they can even sing macarena if they want to . 
  it 's their radio communication . 
  i 'm not all in for filtering radio communication in tv , i would just like if people understood this better . 
  that was perez . 
  sauber and williams for sure . 
  i expected much more from them after australia . 
  yeah , i was afraid that lewis was going to trash seb once he got on medium tyres somewhere around middle of the race . 
  and ... nothing happened . 
  gave me hope for future . 
  being above all this bullshit is the best way to approach it . 
  good on him !, 
  he might be , but what about people around him . 
  you would n't be scared if you approached completely battle-engaged grosjean ? 
  i remember watching this absolutely randomly when it was on tv . 
  there were some funny things from time to time , but this . 
  maaan ... this absolutely killed me . 
  lewis is definitely thirstier !, 
  few lines . 
  damn it . 
  i 'm playing since headstart and i never had precursor drop . 
  good for you though , i 'm just saying that happy stories like yours are ... hey , i 'm not crying ... 
  yes . 
  same goes to alonso , he was n't even close to being as popular as he is now after his brave fight against red bull . 
  alcohol man , it does magic . 
  it 's basically why i started using reddit - most online forums ( especially those directly connected to some f1 website ) are super bad . 
  as a sv fan i am used to reading tons of crap , but damn it i decided to leave these forums when it came to people spamming deathwishes to fans of other drivers and teams . 
  this sub was amazing refreshment after all these years of horrible online f1 discussions . 
  because we live in time when there are lots of people thinking that giving women special treatment is truly gender-neutral . 
  you have issues . 
  let 's fix it then - you 're a dick . 
  i have no idea what the hell was that . 
  but clicked replay button . 
  twice . 
  did lotus hire them all or what ? 
  watching verstappen drive includes more fight and more fun than watching vergne drive ... so ... 
  i did n't know that / u/oh84s was freaking jet pilot !, 
  as / u/iceman _ pjn said - buy forza . 
  or if you own f1 2014 , you can try [ this mod ] ( http://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/fia-formula-e-mod.5657/ ) - it 's not perfect , but it 's as good as it can get as f1 2014 mod . 
  i always imagine myself being that caterham ... driving all the time at the back of the grid ... and then suddenly 4 times wdc in probably second fastest car is ahead of me , but going slower ... i 'd better be damn sure to enjoy overtaking and running away from him . 
  i understand seb 's point in the radio , but come on ... this was fun . 
  it was ... holy crap ... that 's crazy . 
  damn it , i deleted that instead of disabling replies into inbox . 
  glad you got to read it though . 
  nope . 
  this is after turn 3-4 chicane . 
   but people are acting as if he 's put a manor car on the podium, 
  people acted like that for the entire time alonso was wearing red suit . 
  guess it 's some kind of magic connected to ferrari 's # 1 drivers . 
  so crashing everywhere is better than just being slower ? 
  i know , i 'm not one of these guys circlejerking around about how godlike vettel was in malaysia ( even though i was super happy ) . 
  mercedes screwed up in strategy department , which gave vettel advantage . 
  i 'm just saying that people simply tend to overhype red driver 's abilities . 
  except 2014 ferrari was usually the second best car on the grid even during alonso era , and some people acted like it was total ... shitbox . 
  gutierrez casually standing and slowly clapping in corner . 
  i do n't know how about him , but i would probably feel a bit awkward . 
  jev at least has something to do in formula e , so he 's not * that * guy . 
  2 years ... that 's fine in my books . 
  very lucky they did n't touch . 
  could 've been big mess . 
  it 's nostalgia and big gameplay difference between both games - i can see why people who like gw1 playstyle do n't like gw2 . 
  on the other hand there are people like me too - i did n't really enjoy gw1 ( i only own prophecies ) , but gw2 made me leave world of warcraft . 
  that 's just the internet in general . 
  most people usually flame about every game they do n't play and do n't know much about . 
  since wow was released there is big group of people saying that wow is dead ... and yet it 's more than 10 years old and still does pretty damn good . 
  any other driver 's answer really . 
  maybe without blessed part . 
  he 's gotten into webber type of situation now i would say . 
  he was in the team before they got strong car ... then some other guy came in and beat him when they actually got strong car . 
  first few times it was close , but then the other guy wrecked him . 
  so i 'd say he 'll follow the rest of `` the webber scenario '' too . 
  is n't verstappen 's sister competitive driver too ? 
  she 's too young now , but still . 
  i do n't know man , did you ever see women hockey championship ? 
  ladies can play hardcore too .
