  i mean ... why did they even bother setting fuel pressure to constant rate ? 
  i 'm not a car engineer , so it might be stupid question ... but yeah ... 
  should be fun if nico does n't screw up his start . 
  fingers crossed for his first win of the year . 
  mercedes strategist should get a raise , very well executed alternative strategy . 
  all around i 've seen way better races , but there was some decent wheel to wheel action too . 
  i respect it 's historical value , but yeah ... as a track , it 's one of the weakest points of season for me . 
  of course he did . 
  watching it live i also thought that it could 've been dangerous to that force india crew and their car ... now that i see it , he could probably turn away , but still ... thanks god at least one brake worked . 
  okay , now you 're just being elitist . 
  yeah , because all we need is championship being decided in september . 
  every car . 
  it still does matter imo , it 's a difference to get let 's say 2 engine penalties or to get 5 engine penalties . 
  amongst all time greats definitely , but i 'd calm down before putting any current driver in all time top 5 list . 
  just ... look at those names , most of us has never seen them all race live and we still know them . 
  hamilton is not there , at least yet . 
  no current driver is . 
  i 'd agree in 2011 , but not now . 
  not all drs passes are that simple . 
  it was optimised over time to provide just enough speed to get close to next car - just look how hamilton got stuck behind vettel . 
  red bull can slow down tr 's development by simply not pumping in as much cash ... i would n't really worry about rbr losing to tr in championship . 
  ricciardo going to haas is quite risky though ... it could go really well , but it could also go villeneuve-way . 
  fair enough , but bringing back guy who orchestrated crash is not really the way i would solve `` f1 being very clinical '' . 
  losen our belts a bit ? 
  i 'm absolutely okay with it , let 's have fun . 
  but if guy gets caught cheating and making drivers crash , he should get banned from the sport even if he 's funniest dude of all time . 
  abiteboul , master of analogies . 
  kinda funny considering renault 's logo though . 
  is this real life ... jeez , how times have changed . 
  this would 've been downvoted to hell just two years ago . 
  and people say that it 's impossible to overtake on hungaroring . 
  i think he actually lost it , but doctors were able to reattach it to his hand ... and therefore legendary finger was born . 
  he 's dominant in his own way . 
  linkme : flatastico, 
  seems like i should roll necromancer alt after all . 
  coolest known specialisation to date imo . 
  by far robert kubica , i 'm not that old-school to rate gilles or any other guy from the old times though . 
  everything else aside , i 'm genuinely interested how is his music going to sound . 
  what the fuck !, 
  why ? 
  great ... f1 will be faster than it is now , but in exchange we 'll get even less on-track action . 
  screw this . 
  damn that 's really big !, 
  2010 did n't have drs. 
  i 'm wondering if these people actually watched f1 when there was refueling . 
  or maybe classic nostalgia glasses effect ... 
  unless ... you know ... regulations force it . 
  i know it 's unlikely , but ... this is f1 ... and we all know how great some regulations are ... 
  afaik we do n't even know if they are necessarily blind , it could also be mean as they do n't really need to use their eyes , beacause they sense everything spiritualy . 
  indeed , i 'm not really sad about it though . 
  kers was optional , but most teams did n't feel like using it is worth it , so fia made it mandatory for 2011 +, 
  so i 'm not the only one who thought so !, 
  i mained druid since early tbc days until wotlk came out , then i just fell in love with dk , it 's aesthetic , mechanics , lore , everything ... warrior has been my main in gw2 since launch , but i have this weird feeling ... even though i do n't even have necro character at the moment . 
  i 'd be surprised if entire de 2.0 does n't adopt their specialisations themes to be honest . 
  especially broham should become dragonhunter , considering he 's a guardian and his mother is legendary norn ranger ... 
  got ta love that hand wave when they slowed down . 
  good times . 
  i did n't even notice some kind of negativity , so ** chill ** buddy - it 's always the vocal minority that 's most heard . 
  i always admired how ripped he is all the time ... very lucky elvish genetics ... aaaaand i 'm on wrong sub , i guess . 
  [ you must be new here . 
  ] ( http://www.pequenocerdocapitalista.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/the_sarcasm_misunderstanding_by_theplotthinnens.jpg ), 
  force motherfucker , do you sense it ? 
  can we please calm down with this `` going oldschool '' vibe ? 
  at least a little bit . 
  you have to leave da space, 
  yes and no ... tyre wear itself really is scripted , i once tried it with super gentle driving ( 15 seconds off caterham 's lap pace in a red bull ) in monaco ... yes , i was bored ... anyways , i still wrecked tyres the same way i would if i went full speed . 
  on the other hand , it 's not 100 % scripted and when i just did some crazy donuts and burnouts , tyres died pretty fast too . 
  so the game takes your racing style in consideration , but i guess it is mostly focused just on locking up brakes and nothing more , so you can still go pretty crazy flat-out all the time if you 're gentle on brakes . 
  as much as i really do n't belong to codies haters club ( quite the opposite actually ) , i really hope they up their tyres game . 
  i hope i 'm not the only one who read it in murray 's voice . 
  pve in general is where my playtime is usually . 
  then spvp for tracks and dailies ... and yeah , wvw ... umm ... i think last time i went into borderlands was during tournament when i played for about 1 hour a week because i wanted mistforged skins . 
  hopefully refreshed wvw in hot can get me interested again . 
  indeed , i would n't say that she 's with the man just for f1 ... i mean , he 's got badass accent and seems like a pretty good man . 
  i do n't think anybody really blames her or him for this . 
  i 'd do it the same way if there was a chance . 
  everybody would . 
  it 's just that in media she sometimes acts like she 's a f1 class driver or something , which really is n't true . 
  wow , til . 
  how come this story missed me ... that 's really beyond me . 
  now that 's a point of view i did n't even consider , good point !, 
  if her main motivation is inspiring young female drivers , then big thumbs up . 
  more than a half . _ . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.stealthracer.co.uk/ ) ... i do n't know anything about the car itself though . 
  i 'm so glad canada wiped their asses with russians . 
  so satisfying to see their sour faces and bad sportsmanship once again when they left before anthem . 
  just shows how much respect this fucking country has for their competitors . 
  ca n't wait to see them being wiped in their homeland next year . 
  great game canada !, 
  that 's awesome , congratulations btw !, 
  this sub was the best in 80s when drivers were real men, 
  will stevens, 
  no offense , but you did n't really discuss it . 
  saying `` i would n't mind it . '', 
  is not really providing any interesting arguments for or against the idea into the discussion . 
  that 's why you were downvoted imo ( i did n't downvote you , but i can see some sense behind it ) . 
  also - stop blaming it on people who disagree with you , there are also comments stating simple `` no . '', 
  to the idea , which are downvoted too . 
  i 'm pretty sure he likes this one more than their drivers like mp4-30 . 
  of course .
