  also makes me wonder why do you feel need to create new account every 5 months or so , skinnybob/nikylouder . 
  i mean ... everybody knows who you are anyways . 
  dae prostberg new number one driver ? 
  not exactly big news , just more memes . 
   anakin just killed one of his best friends, 
  to be fair , that already happened in anh . 
  pretty pointless stat anyways , most rookies start with shitty drives . 
  str was decent . 
  he 's got a point . 
  look how cool are vettel and webber now . 
  can see the same happening with them . 
  i never really thought that high noses looked odd or something , but now that you mention it ... 
  til he has a snapchat account . 
  people like you are the reason why they wo n't ever get better and produce quality games like they used to years ago . 
  thank you for helping ruining game industry . 
  yes , i 'm a hater , because i hate what kind of shit has mainstream gaming gone into . 
  and when people like you still buy it and defend it to death , it 's just sad . 
  feel free to name what he was wrong about . 
  i really like them . 
  therefore as a fan all i want to say is - fuck up stuff less and you should be fine . 
  discuss which driver is the best even more intensively than usual . 
  i find it funny in a ridiculous way that this thing got promoted to `` gate '' level controversy . 
  ey bro u got some mad chainz . 
  prolly the best in da business yo . 
  i loved him after abu dhabi . 
  i did n't mind it but it always felt odd when i was explaining it to my nonf1 friends . 
  `` yeah it 's kind of like formula 2 , but it 's actually not . '', 
  not everybody is american . 
  clone wars is okay name for a war . 
  there was a big army of clones - therefore the name clone war . 
  instead of trying to provide valuable argument you go for personal attack . 
  great stuff . 
  got ta love these month or so old hamilton fanboy accounts with militant hostility towards anybody who 's not in love with him . 
  probably all just one person though . 
  edit : to be fair , jess can be a douche from time to time , but ( s ) he did n't say anything wrong in this particualr comment . 
  about god damn time for good episode . 
  this was the most mature rebels episode to date , it was n't on clone wars level , but it certainly had some of that grittier and darker vibe to it . 
  oh , and ahsoka still has it , i 'd love to see much more of her in rebels . 
  neither was saint in this incident . 
  mclaren released lewis unsafely in order to try get ahead of seb last minute , but it did n't work out . 
  and then seb played his dirty part when he obviously did n't stay in his straight line . 
  i am pretty sure `` all or nothing '' in this case did n't mean `` you either crash him or get ahead of him . '', 
  confirming ? 
  to me it sounds more or less like he 's stating his opinion . 
  even though i believe he 's preferentially treated ... simply because he 's better . 
  just like that was the case during his time with webber , just like it was during alonso - massa combination , etc. 
  no big deal . 
  i know it 's official statement by the team , but man that 's one hell of a prspeak right there . 
  absolutely , it 's kind of funny/sad that ferrari 's main reasoning ( or so the rumors say ) was because they wanted better performing driver next to alonso . 
  and at the time i honestly believed that kimi was better choice ... oh boy ... 
  that 's fair thing to say , yeah . 
  marko 's bias was beyond hardcore fanboy levels . 
  oh come on guys ... do n't be ridiculous . 
  * grabs popcorn anyways *, 
  what i really do n't get is why they even bother remaking accounts . 
  they did n't get banned there , did n't they ... what 's the point then , it 's usually not even hard to recognize them . 
   vettel had one last year but got creamed, 
  he got , but i can imagine you 'd be one of those screaming `` but riccardo was new in the team and not worthy of vettel 's skillset '' had vettel beaten him . 
  quit your bs . 
  not the dumbest move ever , but divebombing inside line of 90 degree corner from that far certainly is n't the most brilliant idea ever either . 
  welcome back . 
  just imagine , in three years from now on . 
  the season in which ferrari , mercedes , red bull , renault and mclaren fight for mega tight championship . 
  every f1 fan 's wet dream . 
  that would 've been classic for decades to come . 
  kind of , yeah . 
  2010 certainly is a classic season . 
  we can still speculate about alonso going for a vacation and handing drive to vandoorne . 
  it 's definitely not low imo . 
  probably not on pure pace , but they might have reliability advantage ... and not a small one . 
  i guess you could count massa in a way , as sauber was partially owned by mateschitz and sponsored by red bull back in the days when rb did n't have any team . 
  that 's just monaco in nutshell , no matter how you design corners . 
  this particular one looks odd to us just because we are used to gp layout . 
  toro rosso powered by ferrari . 
  odds are they can even beat rbr if they get lucky . 
  with fairly hyped young guy who many consider to be future champion . 
  rbr seems like if they want to push max to a team , they will have to pair him with australian guy who will be older material when that happens . 
  sounds familiar . 
  good interview , i did n't expect much when i saw official fia logo , but it was good . 
  also - is it just me , or does lewis seem a bit ... i do n't know ... tired ? 
  like he 's glad it 's over for now and he can rest a bit . 
  he just felt that way in this interview to me . 
  it 's absolutely understandable though . 
  has n't this always been on friday ? 
  anyways , nothing really interesting , but i 'm thinking of going for an ipad on christmas , how are the f1 apps on app store ? 
  i 've been an android user since 2010 or so and i never had ios device full time as daily driver ... are there any good ones or is it pretty much as bad as on android ( where the best f1 app essentially is reddit client ) ? 
  ah , cool . 
  i thought the schedule changed for some reason . 
  did you talk about something ? 
  define `` good '' . 
  it 's about as `` good '' as getting drunk , just with different outcome . 
  i would n't call it a good thing , it 's just a specific way to relax/have fun . 
  edit : to clarify , i 've been high a few times , but it did n't really grew onto me . 
  definitely not a regular user . 
  i prefer to drink some beer etc. , more `` conventional '' stuff . 
  i can understand that , but after all , even people who excessively drink alcohol are those who tend/like to cause trouble . 
  and at the end of the day , most people drink alcohol sometime and do n't cause any trouble at all . 
  i think this type of reputation comes from weed being illegal in most countries - your average joe tends to grab a beer and is n't really interested in anything more , especially since it 's illegal . 
  those types of people who do n't mind trying something banned might sometime have issues with laws and good manners in general , but it does n't apply on everyone . 
  i 'm almost-libertarian-level liberal guy , but i genuinely think that if weed was legal and your average guy has had as easy access to it as he has to alcohol , there would n't be much difference .
