  but whatever , what i am really happy about , is manor ( wehrlein ) pushing for some decent positions - certainly can get a few points if odds are on their side . 
  best man of sky 's team . 
  by miles . 
  he 's proven himself as decent number 2 driver if that 's what you want to hear . 
  i guess not , but hey , you asked . 
  hey crofty . 
  easy and best fix mate . 
  also one manor driver standing ahead of one sauber and one mclaren . 
  stretching it a bit , i know ... but that 's how it is now hehe . 
  if true , it 's horrible news . 
  sauber has quite a history in this sport and it would be very sad day for f1 . 
  how does one vote/rate for driver that did n't even drive most of the race distance ? 
  i see you excluded vettel , but not button or palmer for example . 
  ca n't really decide how to rate them . 
  what the hell , did n't know there was so much hate for rosberg . 
  he certainly had much better start than lewis , and then just controlled the race . 
  what else he could have done better ? 
  i really have no idea . 
  salty trolls . 
  yeah , at first i was like `` fuck i have no idea what strategy everybody is on '' , because i was so used to having two different strategies tops . 
  this is way better , even though it is somewhat chaotic for viewers , it adds great strategy element and helps racing on the track as well . 
  i guess we should just move on or something . 
  they are being maybe overly hyped and applauded for magnificent start of their f1 run . 
  probably not even remotely as hyped as in america , but still hyped . 
  i like them . 
  uncomparably worse . 
  some fans make fia look somewhat reasonable . 
  it made that feel strike even stronger . 
  amazing animation of his face and eye btw , it showed some serious emotions even though this artstyle has fairly limited capabilities of doing so . 
  holy shit that 's really cheap for f1 . 
  i 'm jelly of you us fellas right now . 
  that looks awesome . 
  i wonder how they plan to make any money ... 
  aaaah , now i get it . 
  thanks . 
  still pretty neat budget deal though . 
  turn 15 grandstand is different level . 
  wow . 
  i need to check out more c4 content . 
  i 'd like some obi-wan cameo . 
  :( rest i kind of agree with , they would have to be way too shoehorned in . 
  i doubt they do . 
  simple example of another big series that does n't work under fom : motogp . 
  they even have it in their name . 
  `` from my point of view the jedi are evil . '', 
  i understand your point but i am fairly young . 
  i 'd be fine with 60 more . 
  then i can become one with the force . 
  thanks . 
  finally . 
  phew . 
  dunno , since they reverted this crap , i am pretty okay with this year 's f1 as i really enjoyed both races . 
  hopefully we do n't lose sauber though . 
  no love for alonso ? 
  oh gee how i look forward to seeing at-at in their full 21st century glory ... hopefully the rumor of vader wrecking the shit out of rebels in that movie is true . 
  what a time for star wars fans it is . 
  got into canon books and so far loving it . 
  also season 2 finale of rebels was mental despite rest of the series being kinda meh . 
  edit : dat downvote doe , some mad trekkie huehue ? 
  as long as people pay for these movies in cinemas they are going to shoot more . 
  and i am dead sure i 'll pay for every movie at least twice hehe . 
  earth is canon now too ?!, 
  woah , indeed . 
  that would be one great way to fuck up a wonderful star wars we 've had recently . 
  disney , do n't . 
  just do n't . 
  dish in rots looks barely finished . 
  i feel like i 'm the only one here who digs the breastplate eh . 
  sure this is n't how rey is going to look in next episode , but that 's why it 's a fanart ( and a great one if you ask me ) and not official concept . 
  overall she looks really menacing and badass , i 'd like some more aggressive jedi design to counter that classic brown-light yellow scheme . 
  are we talking old versions of some circuits as well ? 
  if we take into account only current `` legit '' f1 tracks , apart from obvious answer ( spa ) ... mount panorama . 
  love that track . 
  sad news mate , there is no kyle katarn in any movies . 
  you probably should skip them all . 
  at that point he did the best thing he could . 
  it was still pretty unsure whether renault goes all in with lotus or not , what if he stayed at the team and then they dropped the idea of returning ? 
  he 'd be without a seat . 
  even if haas was a backmarker , this was good decision at the time . 
  i ca n't even remotely imagine what must be going through his head all the time , with all that spotlight , pressure , high expectations , his father 's legacy ( also considering his health state ) ... he very likely is n't another sports legend , but it takes some serious guts to still be able to focus on yourself and racing with all this crap . 
  respect . 
  they use scm . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bd-jgykf5ld/?taken-by=mick_schumacher_official ), 
  fair enough , i did n't follow f1 in damon 's era , was the `` famous name hype '' around him similar to the one around mick ? 
  yeah , but i imagine mick himself would n't want to race under his father 's name tag . 
  or at least i know i would n't . 
  i think i heard he left them because of his family or something . 
  money is the reason for sure , but i like to believe they also did this to avoid some possible spoilering of stuff that is supposed to be revealed later on . 
  i did n't have any issues at all , but then again , to answer ( ? ), 
  your last sentence , i also liked prequels . 
  i 'd watch that . 
  well he 's a force noobie ( at least he was at the beginning ) trained by a guy who was still a padawan during the end of clone wars , and that guy 's master was killed during order 66 , so he could n't finish his training ... 
  he wanted to keep distance most of the time , which was pretty smart . 
  i do n't want to go into spoiling season 2 finale but i guess i can say he lost that lightsaber , so now he might go with something more usual . 
  he might not even mean it that way but coming from him it really seems very salty . 
  dude should be happy where he is ... also , mclaren is currently faster than renault . 
  they still paid for his junior career and backed him when he needed it . 
  would you pick kmag over button or alonso when both are still clearly better drivers ( button at least was during their time together ) ? 
  why ?
