  very smart pr , but still - this `` it 's a1 ring ! '', 
  circlejerk is stupid . 
  it was called a1 ring just for 8 or 9 years because of repairs sponsorship by mobile provider . 
  now red bull bought it and renamed it , because it 's theirs , they repaired it again and they have full right to name it whatever they want to . 
  but it 's red bull so people are freaking out even though most of them have no idea about actual history of this circuit . 
  i 'm sorry for this , but i am reading stuff like that since it was announced to return in f1 , and it became very annoying . 
   red bull should not forget , that without renault they would have had none of their past success . 
  i strongly disagree on that - engines made their way to success harder . 
  red bull was strong because of aero , definitely not because of engine . 
  well ... in that case i hope at least williams is going to catch up with mercedes . 
  stranger and bigger . 
  huge trophies . 
  what ? 
  it 's a second game of this franchise , why should n't it be called guild wars 2 ? 
  or - why does op think it does n't deserve to be called gw ? 
  hype, 
  i think that lewis actually does send more stuff by himself , at least mirror selfies & vacation photos with nicole seem to be taken by him . 
  let me guess ... you 're on of those guys who are super into getting woman into f1 car just for the sake of having woman in f1 car . 
  these women are doing because they want to , nobody forces them . 
  yeah ... it 's called freedom of choice and believe it or not , these women do it because they want to . 
  nobody forces them into that . 
  it 's not worth it if you want it to be your in-game goal . 
  i just got some ascended equipment over time while playing the game as usual . 
  even if one does not want to go for ascended , he/she eventually gets it , because what else do you want to do with all these mats ? 
  ;-) just play the game , you are definitely going to get ascended equipment during that time ( maybe not armor , but rest definitely ) . 
  he 's the only legend from this `` legends back on track '' event . 
  or portal into new permanent dugeon with brand new sets , tokens , paths & bosses !, 
  oh gosh , 5000 hours ? 
  that 's some serious dedication ... with some pauses , i am playing since launch and i have `` only '' 800 hours played . 
  most of that ( 710 hours ) is on my main warrior . 
  it should be something like this ( time spent with each class ) : warrior  guardian  ranger  elementalist  engineer  thief ... i do n't have any necro/mesmer . 
  same here lol , playing since beta and got this . 
  my first login during beta was awesome ... until the game crashed lol . 
  but yeah , those were the days of pure gw2 fanboy-ism . 
  :-) i also remember exploring southsun for the first time with my friend , maan , that zone is so beautiful , too bad it 's dead except kq events & guild stuff . 
  i am sort of a williams fan even though i am not really a williams fan ... i mean ... i like them . 
  * cough * addons * cough * anet pls, 
  fia should make official f1 youtube channel ... and hire lukas to manage it . 
  kinda feels like `` how would guild wars 2 look like if it had wildstar art-style '' - and yeah , it would still look awesome . 
  i love it . 
  ram upgrade would help too in this case , but focus on that cpu , it 's really old one for gw2 . 
  skyhammer by all means . 
  i am serious - amazing scenery , great vertical aspect & many traps people have to be aware of . 
  people qq because of cc being op there ( lol ) , but i do n't care - it 's a good map . 
  maybe they should just remove it from arenas , but let it be in normal spvp rotations . 
  i would like to see map with dynamic weather tbh , it adds alot of immersion to the game . 
  but yeah , more rainy maps ( with actual big rains & storms with lightnings ) would cool anyways . 
  there are some minor things i do n't like , but here are the major ones , which come to my mind immediately :, 
  * stupid ( stupid ) mob ai, 
  * no new permanent dungeons with own tokens ( weapons & sets ) since launch, 
  * seriously ... that ai ... that 's the reason we have stacking & los exploiting, 
  * just one new zone since launch ( gon na change soon , i hope ), 
  * join/taxi `` system '' instead of overflow queues, 
  it depends ... 
  * bank tabs if you are altaholic, 
  * character slots if you want to have many characters, 
  * bag slots if you focus on one main character, 
  * infinite tools for same reason ( even though these are account bound now ), 
  * collection expander if you want to hoard stuff alot, 
  * do n't get digital deluxe unless you want to farm bl keys and want to be 100 % efficient at it, 
  i prefer funny entertainers who are playing somewhat casually and who are communicating with viewers , talking about stuff , just keeping it casual ... i do n't care about hardcore top players showing their skills and tactics . 
  in terms of gw2 - i really like mattvisual 's streams , but in general , i have to agree with other players - gw2 is n't very `` streamable material . '', 
  oh , are n't they ? 
  well ... every driver is good with `` right car under him . '', 
  but i agree that he does his best every single time . 
  as far as i know , crashing ca n't be done more realistic due to sponsorship stuff on the cars . 
  at least that 's what was told somewhere on codies forums by some moderator . 
  it 's bad , but yeah ... 
  i hope for warmups , telemetry & podiums too !, 
  also would be nice if they extended their classics mode with more cars and tracks . 
  you can still drift more than is realistic , but it 's usually not way to do fastest lap , which is still very good improvement over grid 2 . 
  seriously ... do you work as one of these lab-guys in some investigation department ? 
  respect . 
  okay ... wtf, 
  aurora glade : somewhat casual server in both wvw and pve ... that means we are not worst , but not best either , we are somewhere in the middle ( being fifth in silver league spring tournament just confirms that ) . 
  good community in general , fine mixture of countries and we have jadexi . 
  people who were into hardcore alltime winning wvw mostly moved elsewhere , but when i join our people in borderlands , i have lots of fun every single time . 
  pretty good patch , i enjoy new content and i was really impressed by how long story part was ... and how fun it actually was - anybody else noticed that mobs were a bit harder and were actually using their skills & dodges ? 
  that was really good stuff . 
  but to be absolutely honest , i hope that next patch brings in dungeon , or serious world boss stuff , because i am not very into this jumping-puzzly open world content ( but sandstorm is freaking cool ) . 
  i am kinda big vettel fanboy ( even though i admit he sometimes acted like a d ... ) , but i honestly doubt he would do better than fernando/kimi . 
  let 's face the truth - every driver needs perfect car for perfect results . 
  i do n't believe in this `` one driver to rule them all . '', 
  thing . 
  he is one of the best , but no way he is definitely the best . 
  also i see no point in vettel moving to ferrari at current state . 
  what 's wrong with bernie ? 
  piston 's argument is handled wrong , but there is a point of view to make it look like that : multi21 means car 2 ( mark ) leads , car 1 ( seb ) follows . 
  that means red bull wanted sebastian to back down and peacefully finish the race on second position . 
  he acted different way , it was n't nice of him , i know that ... but that 's not the point . 
  point is , that red bull at that very moment was playing against him . 
  i do n't want to argue about this ( again  ) , i 'm just saying . 
  heh , seems like red bull guys are going to have some birthday battles on silverstone . 
  keep it casual . 
  wow ... ehm , go on , this might be fun . 
  so you called her a cunt because you did n't like her story . 
  not saying that gw2 lore is perfect , but you are overreacting a lot , grow up . 
  a bit out of topic - it was kinda funny to see how all love letters for kate in chat were deleted in maybe 3-4 seconds after being posted . 
  it was good stuff in general , except part with murphy , i just could n't hear/understand a word he said . 
  5 man or 10 man ... anyways , i hope too .
