  wilson probably would be alive . 
  senna maybe . 
  bianchi would die nevertheless . 
  do n't skew facts to make them fit your agenda . 
  bianchi never straight up hit anything with his head , it was the insane amount of immediate g-force that caused inevitable damage to his brain , which in the end was fatal . 
  the article says it - that button is fighting with mclaren ( ron ) over money and that he definitely wants to continue racing in f1 . 
  you really think that power unit engineers also serve as steering wheel designers ? 
  imagine the awkwardness when people pm you for `` your streams '' and you have no fucking clue what they are on to . 
  nope . 
  next race we 'll hear how he has more wins than senna and then it 's finally all good . 
  edit : downvotes for stating the obvious ? 
  media will go wild after it just like they did now . 
  his voice seems way to monotoned too , that does n't help . 
  he sounds way more relaxed and genuine in his vlogs that he does after races for his youtube channel . 
  so ... you did n't bother watching since 2013 or what ? 
  shit , just thinking about that ... manor would probably avoid suzuka for the rest of their existence in the sport . 
  so ... no car finishes the race ? 
  [ ... ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/ba_dum_tss_pirates_band_of_misfits.gif ), 
  those little orange fucks respawn every single lap , i swear . 
  `` and there is nicole , kissing lewis on his helmet . '', 
  - abu dhabi 2014 , after lewis won wdc . 
  i think it was suzi perry saying it . 
  seems to be , yeah . 
  you do realise that / u/metamorphomisk is vettel fan too , right ? 
  and no , this time seb did n't land the joke well . 
  it happens to everybody , get over it . 
  another one i remember : `` the car ahead of you has a puncture . '', 
  ... dude wtf , i 'm fighting this guy for a fifth lap and he still keeps pulling away from me in corner exits . 
  he must be damn god if he can do that with a puncture . 
  i disagree with private radio com . 
  i want to hear some bits of their communication . 
  what f1 and broadcasters should do though , is explaining that team radio is their `` private '' conversation , not a message for spectators and fans . 
  if driver moans , is angry , sings , whatever he does ... should be taken with grain of salt . 
  i bitch quite a bit when my work does n't go well , does that make me a crybaby ? 
  and then i scream in joy when it finally works ( literally ) . 
  now imagine the same with f1 driver , with uncomparably more pressure and ambition ... this thing with fernando is slightly different as he was complaining about the engine and that strikes team more than when vettel shouts for a blue flag , but the idea behind it remains the same . 
  fans should understand it better . 
  how come ? 
  really like his analogy between the game and real life success . 
  the amount of shitposting today is beyond standards . 
  i really hope it 's just one person being very bored on sunday . 
  first germany . 
  then silverstone . 
  the hell is going on . 
  ha , i think your regular british fan wo n't care much about chinese silverstone . 
  or will they avoid the name due to trademark ? 
  welcome to chinese gp \\ # 2 on silverstrong circuit, 
  welcome to chinese gp \\ # 3 on honza, 
  `` and there he goes through the curva hyperbolica ! '', 
  he better not be on the podium in the us . 
  he would have to drink a milk there . 
  what the hell is this . 
  armchair psychology ? 
  i can do that too :, 
  the thing with / u/dxsdxs is that he has been socially isolated since his early childhood and the only way he can compensate that is through talking crap on anonymous internet forums , such as reddit . 
  even though his real life social weakness is very strong , the lack of actual identity on the internet allows him to spill crap that he would never say out loud in real life - for example questioning racing superstar 's social-skills issues and other stuff . 
  see , everybody can do armchair psychology - just to clarify , i do n't really think anything from that applies on you , just like i doubt anything you said applies on current f1 drivers . 
  i do n't even know who you are , i just felt like the point had to be made . 
  he was somewhat close to win in bahrain , i can see odds being on his side once again sometime in the future - and if ferrari does have even better car than this year , it 's not impossible . 
  all it takes is to mercedes not be perfect and vettel screw up . 
  both of which already happened this year , so why not again . 
  with that being said though , i 'd rather not have that happen - imagine the shitstorm by quokka and other trolls . 
  thank you . 
  vettel, 
  button, 
  kmag ( does he count as current driver ? ), 
  verstappen ( i hate the hype , but so far i like him ), 
  if you do n't count kmag then max takes fourth place and fifth belongs to hulk . 
  so many sponsors on that mclaren suit . 
  you 're so going to hell , just like lauda 's face did . 
  should n't boullier be more worried of lotus driver lineup ? 
  20 places grid penalty . 
  but do n't worry mate , you still get to start ahead of mclaren . 
  it 's been about a week since i last read somebody bitching that wec is waaaaaaaaaaaay better than f1 . 
  did webber go to a vacation or something ? 
  yes . 
  memorial picture in the sidebar is good enough , but that sign is not even relevant anymore . 
  nothing like that , really . 
  let 's just keep the header image as neutral as possible . 
  he 's the shit and living legend . 
  but he also talks loads of crap . 
  not surprising with the way he approaches most people . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  lewis works uncomparably better with media compared to seb . 
  he 's british , which also adds to the bias towards him . 
  but i have to be fair - lewis never did anything as sketchy as clashing into nico , or overtaking him when told not to . 
  whilst i honestly think that certain part of vettel hate was just well exectued media strategy by webber , seb 's behavior did n't help - he was a dick in some cases , lewis was n't . 
  or when he was , it was just to the extent of not appearing on team pics and stuff like that ... not a big deal imo . 
  i just hope that i 'll never be like that . 
  troll business . 
  i would for sure forget of this thing had you not eaten the shoe . 
  but if you do it , well , i 'll remember you for the rest of my life . 
  i did n't say he would never win a race again . 
  but i definitely thought he would never win a wdc again . 
  foolish me . 
  that steep win curve with seb really show his dominance back in the days . 
  you miss one night . 
  you miss one freaking night of f1 news and then this happens . 
  i 'm so tired of all these people who believe in conspiracy theories which make no fucking sense at all and are easily proven wrong . 
  but hey , they said it in that youtube video with some dramatic music in the background , so it must be true !!!,
