  and it almost worked out . 
  crash was button 's fault by all means , but on the other hand he would n't even have to fight mclaren 's if he did n't make that stylish pit entrance ... again . 
  somewhat cool drift did n't help either . 
  his fight with button was great though . 
  verstappen definitely stands up to all that hype red bull did build up around him . 
  great racing , too bad it did n't work out in the end . 
  first 4 drivers did well , maldonado was fun to watch and williams ... was just invisible . 
  rbr is just sad to look at right now , mclaren at least seems to have faith in future . 
  good race . 
  was he absolutely serious or sky ignores some kind of funny context ? 
  because if not ... just ... shut up , nico . 
  just shut up . 
  oh dear , he 's really going for that `` least favorite no . 
  2 driver ever '' title , is n't he . 
  lewis does n't seem to give many f 's . 
   why do we even bother watching anymore ? 
  because we love it . 
  move along if you do n't . 
  simple as that . 
  definitely not if we speak about driving skills . 
  not so sure otherwise . 
  horner just standing next to sebastian in his ferrari and watching him ... felt like he was watching his ex with new , cooler guy . 
  his brutal dive-bombs very remind me of how hamilton used to overtake in his early days ... he still has some of it in him , but not so much . 
  maybe he 'll calm down a bit too , otherwise crashes will come , not everybody will be willing to back down from that type of dive . 
  stilly , he 's super impressive . 
  i think he knows it 's not actual lewis . 
  it 's beyond me that people hate new pu 's although they are able to provide more power with much more efficiency ( maybe except the sound , but i 've gotten used to it quite easily ... and sports car are slowly going hybrid too ) . 
  i do n't mind `` going electric '' as it 's the future of things anyways . 
  last year was the first year of this `` new f1 '' and damn it if it was n't one of the best season 's i 've ever seen . 
  so yeah , i still do love f1 and i like it 's new facelift . 
  damn i actually even like drs now that it has been adjusted properly . 
  there are issues with the sport , but none of them is straight about racing itself . 
  of course , buddy . 
  those still had probably more powerful engine than current honda pu is . 
  enter sandman being played for winner instead of anthem . 
  very good vodka brand . 
  they need to reach q2 first though . 
  also rip bruce mclaren , rip enzo ferrari . 
  this ... uh ... tell us more damnit !, 
  poor helmut , he really loved that kid . 
  i 'm gon na show this to people who do n't understand `` f1 is 50 % racing and 50 % drama !, 
  '' ... or ... maybe ... uh ... rather not . 
  this game already exists , it 's called carmageddon and it was quite a blast in late 90s . 
  in multiplayer with equalised cars ? 
  or do you mean singleplayer too ? 
  because i do n't know man , but i can definitely tell you difference between marussia and red bull in that game . 
  it might not be as detailed as you want it ( acceleration and braking differences are n't in the game , that 's true ) , but there is significant downforce difference between cars in the game . 
  at least in f1 2013 i ca n't push marussia through corner as much as i can push red bull . 
  guess i 'll understand it once i have a kid too then . 
  * meowsive *, 
  may the downforce be with you . 
  hello , welcome to / r/formula1 !, 
  to your title question , this is pretty nice [ article ] ( http://www.historyvshollywood.com/reelfaces/rush.php ) which might be able to answer everything you need to know . 
  to your second question - i 'd probably go with schumi/mika or senna/prost . 
  pointless mistake by seb , could 've been nasty if he went just a little bit faster . 
  * cough * right , pastor ? 
  * cough *, 
  update : oh , it was brake failure ... okay then . 
  salty much ? 
  interesting point , i did n't really think about it before , but now that you say it ... i guess it has something to do with the way vettel won most of his championships . 
  if hamilton continues to dominate this season like mad , he might get more of that champion recognition too . 
  just a guess . 
  indeed . 
  lewis is such strong persona , that he does n't need to be defined by his championships . 
  seb is way less public about his private stuff etc. 
  ( even less than kimi considering all these blogposts minttu writes ) , which might also be factor why people more tend to remember him as `` red bull golden boy '' rather than some kind of racing superstar . 
  so ... is lewis holding off signing because he waits whether ferrari is going to catch up or not ? 
  yeah , i 'm honestly afraid he would beat seb , especially with all that confidence he has now . 
  anyways , silly season hype train leaving station very early this year . 
  he beat every single guy that year . 
  and last time i 've checked that really validates him as champion . 
  your best chance is to root it honestly , my battery life on lollipop got very bad after few days , but after some unofficial tweaking it went even above kitkat levels and it still stays there after more than a week . 
  mclaren honda hype ? 
  he does n't want to be slowed down by hamilton . 
  god no , it would extend dominant driver 's advantage by giving him even more points . 
  vet : `` i 'm gon na get so pissed tonight . '', 
  ros : `` must . 
  not . 
  cry . '', 
  including you , right ? 
  nico thinking `` okay , maybe i was thinking way too much lately ... '' ... * stops thinking entirely * ... `` ooops , that probably was too much . '', 
  i kept my hopes low for malaysia , but this time i believe it 's possible . 
  either way i hope kimi grabs podium . 
  blessed vs. pissed vs. 
  obsessed, 
  was he really joking though ? 
  i know he 's in mclaren for potential long-term success , but i 'm pretty sure i 'd be sad in his position . 
  i really hope for the sake of but rai per that mclaren ups their game before kimi retires . 
  iirc hamilton in past said that he does n't really care about ferrari legacy . 
  still , why would n't he join them if they provided superb car ... legacy or not . 
  nah , that 's not dealing with mercedes . 
  they are just leaving renault factory . 
  there is only one and only f1 legend with big balls . 
  we all know who that is . 
  and sorry - it 's not you , pastor . 
  it 's early in the morning here , but i think i 've already had enough internet today . 
  to be fair , vettel surprised everybody with his ferrari move too . 
  maybe not so much since we knew it would eventually happen , but not so soon . 
  okay , these three come to my mind immediately :, 
  grosjean - very solid driver who is well over his darker past .
