  steiner even said that they would n't mind taking ferrari juniors in their cars . 
  so there 's that . 
  i feel like williams has some serious trouble when it comes to fighting with fi for fourth . 
  monza was the only track after some time where they seemed faster , and there is no track ahead that is as power hungry that would also benefit their small drag . 
  given that most tracks that are coming benefit from solid downforce as well , i can see fi holding on fourth . 
  williams might be stronger just in abu dhabi , maybe mexico considering that crazy long straight ... 
  damn so many disliking comments on youtube . 
  i actually like this sound . 
  it is way more dynamic , not just one raw brutal scream that makes your ears bleed and microphone explode unless you use plugs . 
  but yeah , on tv it could use some extra rawness . 
  one of my all time favorite songs . 
  words ca n't even describe how amazing the scarecrow is . 
  incredible energy , fits both sad and good moods , works well as backgroud song for whistling , yet has enough depth so that you can actually just close your eyes and listen . 
  tobias tries very hard to beat it , and this year holy shit he came really close to beating scarecrow , but not even this time . 
  this is the song when somebody asks me what i like so much about avantasia . 
  heck this is the song when somebody asks me what i like so much about heavy music . 
  metalhead or not . 
  first of all he 's not that bad , he just has very weird expression in these photos . 
  second of all , he 's 18 . 
  remember how alonso looked when he was young ? 
  well and look at him now . 
  give him time . 
  i tend to forget these ( unsurprisingly ) but from recent times russia 2014 comes to mind . 
  i thought edible toothpaste was developed because of space programme as well so that astronauts do n't have to spit it afterwards into space . 
  hey ... it 's something , okay ?!, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ joke , ^ ^ ^ ^ chill, 
  i expected symphony of destruction by megadeth . 
  huh ? 
  it still works for me . 
  rip every lap record ever . 
  i do n't think his point with young drivers works that well . 
  drivers in general are way more professional and athletic than they were in his prime days , even in feeder categories . 
  even if you make it as brutal as possible , professional racing driver in his teens is still going to be able to handle it , like it or not . 
  generally i strongly disagree with ditching paddle shifting and such , i find it to be that pointless kind of conservatism - going back to worse technology just for the sake of it is n't the way any motorsport should take imo . 
  more horsepower , wider tyres , crazy downforce that still allows for good racing ? 
  but do n't go back to manual pedal clutch , stick shifting or any stuff like that . 
  i find it odd that oldschoolers who criticise hybrid engines or drs as gimmicks then promote stuff that would essentially be just another gimmick considering we have much better technology right on the table , tested and used for many years . 
  just my two cents . 
  damn now i need to listen to some megadeth . 
  which i am absolutely looking forward to . 
  it 's been 3 years and you are still bitter about it . 
  bruh ... comments like these are funny nostalgia though . 
  since we are riding this nostalgia train and all iconic photos were already posted , here 's my favorite not-so-famous bit . 
  [ his radio after 2013 usgp ] ( https://youtu.be/wqjkcqdaghs?t=3m58s ), 
  `` we have to remember these days . 
  there 's not guarantee they will last forever . 
  enjoy them as long as they last . 
  i love you guys . '', 
  - mighty foreshadowing . 
  renault car is absolute shit to drive , let 's be fair there . 
  with that in mind i 've seen him in gp2 anyways and ... despite that championship he did n't really impress me and to add to that he also had alot of experience against field that was n't really gp2 's strongest . 
  now that does n't mean that he 's bad , but i do n't think he 's good enough to stay in f1 on raw talent alone . 
  let 's put this question in a different way - how many current f1 drivers do you consider worse than palmer ? 
  there 's your answer . 
  media be like `` shit we fired all nostalgia and tribute articles during race weekend already , should have kept some for week after ... do people still care about verstappen drama ? 
  let 's see ... '', 
  yes . 
  we know . 
  sometimes somebody messes up graphics on tv . 
  it was posted here today as well . 
  little secret for you op - nobody cares . 
  and no , you wo n't get easy karma for this . 
  last time people enjoyed content like this mclaren was still fighting for wins . 
  not gon na happen bro . 
  or rotj : `` i am a jedi and i am back ! '', 
  * cue in dramatic theme *, 
  oh , there goes obligatory shit on lucas comment that every prequels related post needs . 
  thanks for your contribution , come again . 
   if you are n't the race winner you technically ca n't do an act of celebration . 
  damn now i really want to see all 22 drivers just going like fuck ya fia and do massive 22 donut session in front of grandstands . 
  not gon na happen , but man that would be so epic . 
  riight , cause the way it currently works is definitely more realistic ... 
  are you for real ? 
  first you say that he should get rid of 780 as it 's `` slow '' and minute later you claim that csgo barely uses any gpu anyways . 
  just because of this flawed logic i seriously doubt you are studying computer science college as you claim below . 
  mom paying for new hardware does n't make you an expert on computers . 
  your statements prove otherwise . 
  maybe i 'll trust your age , but that 's about it . 
  i do n't enjoy it , but i am fine with it . 
  i am used to dominance in f1 . 
  i never actually thought about it this way . 
  oh how history would be different had it not been for these two ... 
  i 'd like if f1 scrapped these big in your face colored stripes on sides . 
  i get it that it 's for easy tyre type recognition , but it really looks way sexier to me without any crazy colors . 
  maybe just add little colored bar , but not the way it is now ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i just like the way it looks and i am fairly open to scrap it for a bit of impracticality . 
  this . 
  people always pull out drs when i show them this graph so in advance - no , look precisely , that initial spike is after refueling was banned . 
  it just continues to grow up massively after drs was introduced , but still refueling ban by itself helped on track action alot . 
  no matter what you think , historical facts ca n't be denied . 
  there would be even less ontrack action if we went for refueling again . 
  i do n't want that and i do n't care if other series do it anyways . 
  v8 supercars are n't aero dependent , indycar is spec series and wec is n't even remotely as aero depndent as well . 
  less aero dependency = more action happening on track refueling or not . 
  these series can afford going for that because by nature they have enough on track action already . 
  alonso 's fate could be very much different given if he won that championship with mclaren and none of that further drama happened ... maybe not even ending up at ferrari , like ever . 
  then in 2012 maybe he 'd leave mclaren just like hamilton did , and boom suddenly he 's 6 times wdc after great run with mercedes . 
  pushing for seventh to at least match his greatest rival ever . 
  it 's interesting to think about these possibilities .
