  they are mostly just as downvoted as runa here though . 
  therefore balance is preserved . 
  i bought fallout : new vegas on steam sale few days ago . 
  it 's been a while , but man i 've been nolifing pretty hard lately . 
  honestly ? 
  as many as possible . 
  i bet he is . 
  just partly of course . 
  i 'm honestly not into teams . 
  i just cheer for whatever team my favorite driver ends up being in . 
  so currently i 'm a ferrari guy , but i have no special feelings towards red team as a whole . 
  only exception is williams , sort of . 
  you wo n't see me wearing their team merchandise or straight up cheering for them , but i like their attitude and `` smallest from the best '' feel , at least historically speaking . 
  wow , i thought those meatballs are just local thing and never really bothered . 
  but now that i see it 's international ... man , i probably should go there and try their meatballs . 
  time to reroll lol . 
  props to kimi 's facebook unofficial fanpage for reminding me of this gem . 
  finished f3 long time ago , never got to try nv though , so that recent quakecon sale came handy . 
  i like fallout that little bit more to be honest . 
  skyrim was good ( though massively overrated imho , certainly not 10/10 game ) , but in the end it really felt just like another generic fantasy story . 
  fallout is something different . 
  special place in my heart . 
  super hyped about fallout 4 . 
  i forgive you . 
  is n't that a thing with weed that when you smoke it , it stays in your blood in `` detectable state '' for few weeks ? 
  i kind of am . 
  reaper blew my mind out . 
  just by looking at his driving in 2014 he did n't exactly strike as not even trying type . 
  he was just clunky . 
  look how he lost the car in spa which allowed ricciardo to get ahead , or his spin in hungary ... you do n't do that because you are n't pushing on purpose , you do that because you try hard but overshoot the throttle . 
  i think it 's actually an insult to him to say he just gave up in 2014 , no matter what his intentions could 've been behind doing so . 
  some his fans . 
  as you can see most of his fans dismiss that crap here . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the point of this poll ( not deserving to be in f1 or not deserving his current car ? ) ... 
  but i gave it to alonso as he deserves better . 
  i nearly shit myself everytime i watcht this video . 
  this is n't just big balls . 
  these men are hands down crazy , and that 's what makes them so awesome . 
  just give up dude . 
  you 're using standard legal tos in order to prove something that simply is n't happening . 
  yes , based on this they could violate gw2 youtubers , but they do n't do that . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ unlike ^ ^ ^ ^ nintendo . 
  i just do n't get what you 're on about . 
  they just have it there as a precaution - it might happen that some douche breaks nda or something , and in that case they can use that clause , but they are not abusing it . 
  driver lineup in general is n't lotus ' strongest point . 
  i like that he has relieved from his poor earlier form into somewhat okay driver . 
  i also like him as a guy , he seems nice . 
  but i just do n't feel that `` pretty good '' sparkle in him . 
  he 's just okay in my book . 
  good midfielder , but i doubt he would put up any real challenge to any of the top 5 drivers on the grid . 
  holy shit , the left one . 
  looks like straight from 80s europop show . 
  edit : guess i asked for downvotes , did n't i ... but still , is n't it sweet how somebody thinks that people here really care about them not checking in for next month ? 
  there are 89 000 people , this sub wo n't burn because you do n't go there and unsub . 
  nobody cares , if you do n't want to be here , just do n't be and shut up . 
  skywalker racing, 
  ah , the vettel win look . 
  always looks like he has some kind of inside joke on mind . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think he 's that bad as sprulz has described , but still ... did he finally admit his mistake in monaco ? 
  i would n't like them leaving as they really mean so much to the sport , but there is no way it would stop me from watching . 
  i like the sport as a whole , i love open-wheel racing , and formula 1 is pinnacle of that discipline no matter if ferrari is in or not . 
  so definitely not , but i would be sad - just as much as if mclaren or williams left though . 
   i think sainz would have priority . 
  huh , why do you think so ? 
  red bull currently strikes me with feel that they hired max , pumped all the marketing money into his pr and praise him every single weekend whenever they can ( usually it 's well deserved ) ... and then they kind of realised they have two cars in str , so they hired some spaniard to fill that empty space . 
  aside from that , he 's beating carlos on both single lap pace and with impressive race craft - and that 's counting in the fact that carlos has way more open-wheel experience . 
  from my point of view , carlos is destined to be kicked out since the very first race . 
  sadly for him , as he definitely is n't bad driver . 
  oh yeah , pointing out that other drivers are classy too is super boring . 
  i would hate going out with person who does that . 
   obviously , not a formula car , but maybe some sort of modified touring car, 
  every single touring race car on this planet will look slow compared to an f1 car . 
  if you want sc that looks somewhat fast in f1 race , you would really just need a formula type car . 
  and nobody will do that for safety car as it 's not exactly the safest type of car out there . 
  skyforge was really fun , super fluid combat . 
  but it 's super instanced yet small areas do n't really have any depth - unlike in gw1 where everything was instanced , yet it had some serious depth and feeling . 
  skyforge 's maps felt very boring to hook me in , and the lack of actual open world just put nail in the coffin before i even got to some serious level stuff . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i still enjoy other mmos , but it 's guild wars 2 what i always sincerely come back to despite it 's obvious flaws . 
  aside from that i doubt red bull cares that much about experience . 
  they will keep at least one of their current drivers for 2017 and put junior next to him . 
  i really do n't see red bull promoting both str drivers to the a team . 
  the current chemistry in ferrari team . 
  how can one not like that ? 
  so much for those who say red bull brings no value to the sport . 
  i fucking hate when people say that . 
  they brought up so many talented young drivers into top-end motorsport it just should n't be overlooked . 
  nice to see them pay tribute to former red bull drivers too . 
  i mean ... i kind of expected them to mention vettel , but buemi ? 
  not so much . 
  nice of them . 
  definitely just you . 
  same thing happened to fernando . 
  i 'd even argue he was even more hated as schumi was italian fan favorite for quite a long time . 
  i 've had some doubts on my mind whether his critics after all were n't right by the end of 2014 ... this year has eliminated them all . 
  other than that ? 
  not really . 
  come on now . 
  even webber admitted that seb simply was better driver .
