  i 'm talking about current rosberg though , he got better over time . 
  oh god , thank you . 
  i consider myself a big fan of the genre yet i could n't remember the song nor band . 
  i am so ashamed . 
  that 's what i call silly season overdose . 
  who cares . 
  you 're saying it like it 's a bad thing to get destroyed by alonso . 
  alonso , arguably one of the best drivers of all time . 
  it 's a good idea with more fair approach for race leaders and a safety improvement , which got really well implemented into the sport . 
  the only thing i currently dislike about it is that with vsc you do n't get classic restart moshpit as cars do n't get close to each other again . 
  that 's rather unremovable side-effect though , so i 'll need to get over it and stop thinking `` man they could tighten it up had they used classic sc '' every single time . 
  must be the new power unit update . 
  sounds great . 
  he proved himself valuable in recent races , so definitely well deserved spot . 
  the only realistic way i can see him in rbr is if both ricciardo and verstappen dump red bull . 
  definitely , but i 'd rather give him at least one more year in the b team . 
  keep trying mate . 
  hm , definitely like her better than his previous girlfriend . 
  good for him . 
   i wonder if those accounts will have regular access to pvp , though . 
  hopefully not . 
  there is a reason why i do n't play any free to play games . 
  hopefuly that means trial with very limited access to certain content of the game . 
  also , yay , raids !, 
  shh . 
  damn it . 
  i 'm so scared of this game going to f2p . 
  so scared . 
  hopefully they will set up some logical limits . 
  i really hope that datamined account limits are true . 
  i definitely do n't mind wow-like trial , alot of people around me asked me if there is some sort of trial in the game and i had to disappoint them . 
  but damn i hope they did n't change their mind since . 
  core game will still be played even after hot drops and i do n't want my experience to be hindered by f2p crowd ( i know , there are good people too ... but you know how crowds tend to be after some time ) . 
  that 2014 photo after his title fingers was perfect . 
  good effort op . 
  as much as we bash stewards for inconsistency , i 'd rather stay with current state than go all in and use msa rules as shown in the article . 
  stewards can warn drivers where they take it more seriously and where not - in the pre-session briefing and also during the race if necessary ( warning is n't a penalty after all ) . 
  it 's friday yo . 
  do n't act like it 's monday , when it 's friday . 
  it 's friday . 
  i 'm kinda scared of all those people suddenly saying that we should re-open concentration camps because of islamic refugees . 
  i 'm not all for accepting every single person and i definitely think we should do some security checks on them , but come on . 
  some people are literally saying that we need new hitler now . 
  what the hell is wrong with european society . 
  :( to be honest , as a central european i am currently more scared of hardcore neo-nazis than isis ( though isis has to be fought hard too ) . 
  i think i just bring up way too hardcore topic in there , but i really needed to vent it somewhere . 
  these three are n't threatening rest of the planet with nuclear missiles and other shit though . 
  they did that to proof that putin does n't care about import embargo to show russian citizens his strength and will to stand against the rest . 
  which kind of works , but there are definitely people who could use that food in better way . 
  putin definitely is n't stupid ( as much as i do n't like him , i think he 's a smart dude who knows his shit ) , this is one of the many ways to prove that russia does n't need other countries ... their economy and gdp disagrees - but your average citizen does n't really understand these metrics though , so he acts like everything 's all right . 
  and to be fair , it mostly is okay for them ... for now . 
  economical regression ca n't go down forever though . 
  yes . 
  i hate when people act that there is always this one evil country and other are aboslute saints . 
  that 's not the way world works . 
  everybody has their bad and good stuff . 
  ultimately it should n't serve as a justification for russia 's moves though . 
  or any other country in the future for what it 's worth . 
  also ... imagine those queues . 
  it 's pretty hardcore on top tier worlds now , ca n't imagine how that would work with so many people in the game . 
  12 hour queues ? 
  you absolutely missed my point buddy . 
  i do n't care if people get to play core game for free , heck i was one of those who criticised people who flipped out after arenanet gave core game for free to those who buy hot . 
  but there is a reason why i do n't play any free to play game . 
  and aside from usually pretty drastic cash-shop , the community simply is n't that good . 
  there will be lots of bots , gold sellers , and even if arenanet can take care of these , you still have these lol-level kids which are going to spam insults agains you just because they can . 
  i do n't want that in any game i play , especially not in gw2 , which tends to be one of the most chilled games in terms of community . 
  i am kinda used to people being very hardcore about screwing up in wow battlegrounds , or angry people in counter strike because i really suck at that game and i play it purely for fun ( and to earn some free $ on steam , because people like skins ) ... but it 's really not that bad compared to most free to play games , because you can still get banned , you still did pay for the game and that usually means that you value it somehow , and you 're a bit older because you could buy that game for yourself - yes , i know , there are good and bad exceptions , but exception is not a standard . 
  these and many more factors cause that buy-to-play or sub based games have much better communities . 
  and i do n't want to lose that , which would happend if they do n't limit free to play players . 
  even if it was an f1 grade track , which it is n't , i doubt it would be fun to watch . 
  by the end of the first lap mercedes would have 10 seconds gap . 
  i think it 's not that unfortunate for seb , first of all he has easier job , haha ... and regarding your point - yes , people who understand the sport well know that kimi is n't as good as he used to be , but he still has one of the biggest fanbases and general audience still thinks he 's as good as ever . 
  it 's like night and day when you take average r/formula1 opinion on kimi and average facebook opinion on kimi . 
  [ do you know this ? 
  :p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgz0x1s1xh8 ), 
  inb4 more missed races because of back pain . 
  i do n't even have charts for this amount of cringe . 
  i just hope it does n't happen too soon . 
  good , they are applying restrictions on free to play accounts . 
  in that case it 's fine in my book . 
  let 's just stop there . 
  royal guard metazerk 25k ap dungeoneer full ascended & legendary only . 
  no bearbow . 
  i 'm not judging his decision not to race by the end of 2013 , i was just joking . 
  you really want to stand by your favorite driver 's reputation , do n't you . 
  ama ? 
  to be honest , i 'd rather have that than the shit i 'm currently reading through in this thread . 
  i really should n't open it . 
  what ? 
  do n't feed the trolls . 
  dude 's been on this sub for quite a while and now he claims that he does n't like the game and did n't play it for more than 25 hours over a year . 
  if you 're really serious about it , i hope they do n't refund you . 
  `` i bought the game in pre-order edition more than 3 years ago , and now it 's free . 
  i am so scammed , i want my bucks back so i can get hot essentially for free and then do it again once they make hot free because there is new expac coming . '', 
  no - that would be you doing the scam , not them . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you . 
  yeah , well ... 
  i would n't expect arenanet haters on a fansub . 
  somebody called you a scrub so you 're butthurt about it ?
