  as an argument if somebody was bashing him for being spoilt brat ( which he sometimes really is ) ? 
  of course not . 
  it 's also not fair towards lh , but that 's how celebrity life works ( i guess ) . 
  if he wanted to be considerd as cool humble guy , he should act that way always , not just `` behind the scenes '' . 
  only a sith deals in absolutes . 
  did n't age at all . 
  except the winner 's fans . 
  that would 've been amazing , but i hope they are careful when it comes to major development . 
  some serious breakdown would make me cry after such comeback this year . 
  they always did it during the final race weekend as far as i remember . 
  probably not much opportunity to do it after , so ... 
  he wo n't shut up about it , wo n't he ... horner just tries to do everything possible to eliminate their pu deficit , even if it means talking shit . 
  sounds like regular f1 discussion to me . 
  nothing would change , but it would 've been fun . 
  one of your original gw character was matt , mattvisual ... ehm ... destiny ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ #halflife 3confirmed, 
  why not 2.1 ? 
  til : romain likes drinking champagne before sprinkling . 
  which kinda breaks [ this ] ( http://bokov.net/lj/finn_formula_one.jpeg ) . 
  oh damn , thanks for reminding me , got ta buy ferrari t-shirt ... 
  nah : `` okay nico ... ummmh ... you 're world ... ummmmh ... champion . '', 
  no point in that for him , more like he would defend like hell if he gets ahead . 
  got ta say i 'm fairly surprised by his performance over the year . 
  he could do better in race , but he 's one hell of a qualifier , that 's for sure . 
  red bull has no real reason to mourn over vettel leaving ... as far as i support him , it 's fair to admit they already have had great replacement ... and another one is coming . 
  i 'm just interested how are things going to pan out if they get into close battle ... over years i 've grown into general belief that red bull just loves younger drivers , and ricciardo is going to be team 's `` old man '' next year ... 
  exactly what i thought - i think that people get overly emotional speaking of these two statements . 
  it 's fair to say that fernando has lost motivation with current ferrari , and he has full right to do so , he tried really hard all these years - why should he try when he has another option . 
  and from this point of view , mattiaci did n't say anything wrong - they really needed a driver with motivation to try again , does n't matter if better or worse , but try again . 
  casually chewing gum while flying around in 200 km/h . 
  i hope so , but it really depends how ferrari restructuring pans out and if they are able to come up with great car . 
  there is no one driver to rule them all thing ( unless we get equal cars someday ) , there is just `` best current driver + car '' combination . 
  as i have said , i just hope so . 
  at least one more title in a ferrari to shut some mouths . 
  i have to confess ... i shed few tears during the video , damn it how time has passed . 
  thanks alot for this . 
  it was amazing ... feels a bit like saying goodbye to him though . 
  it 's really impossible to objectively measure that , but i think driver 's element should be somewhat around 20 % of whole success - just by looking at differences between some teammates ( including seb and danny , sadly for me :p ) you can say that it 's not just the car in the final measurement , yet it 's pretty damn important . 
  and that 's why i like using term `` driver + car combination '' instead . 
  [ lawyered ] ( https://31.media.tumblr.com/d6113d79424dbf9d591896e04ad3ea68/tumblr_inline_mgmwkatnfv1rwzznn.gif ), 
  i do n't think he could ever drive again under brittish flag after that . 
  check [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql0n1dsigse ) - that was the year when ferrari tried to copy rb 's flexible design ... maybe they tried too much . 
  your nickname made it even better . 
  congratulations to lewis and all his fans and supporters . 
  well deserved title , great drive . 
  one of the best seasons i 've ever seen and also my first season on this subreddit , thanks for great content , fun , discussions and little bit of casual flame . 
  ;-) next year though !, 
  really heartbreaking . 
  he really knows how to screw up mood after great race result , does n't he . 
  we will shout with you , jenson . 
  imo looks better than original one ... at least it 's less awkward . 
  they got penalised man , and horner even admitted that they overshot with that wing ( ca n't find any english interview - read it on [ czech website ] ( http://f1news.autoroad.cz/novinky/49388-horner-o-diskvalifikaci-red-bullu-asi-jsme-zasli-prilis-daleko/ ) ) . 
  just chill and enjoy the end of this season , you can do money talk tomorrow . 
  may i place bet on liking bernie question somewhere ? 
  thanks buddy , cheers to all f1 fans around the world , and especially those on / r/formula1, 
  that 's when `` indifferent '' option comes in place imo ... at least that 's how i used it in some cases . 
  cute girl , too bad nic is n't in f1 , she could get some bit of wag footage . 
  / / edit : guess not then . 
  2 ) faster, 
  4 ) hamilton, 
  7 ) yes ( i 'm just dreaming there ), 
  8 ) ricciardo wins most qualis, 
  9 ) mercedes , 2 races before final one, 
  10 ) rosberg , final race ... i just hope okay ... dem feels are still with me, 
  great , now my beer 's all over the place . 
  woooooooo ... use those damn spoilers tags man !, 
  level 18 exotic gear ? 
  sounds like somebody was smoking the finest canthan weed . 
  thanks , board . 
  same ... 
  i just complete ls update content , sometimes go after some achievements , do casual teq or something . 
  where are those days when i had monthly done in 4 days ... 
  i have this weird feeling that ron despises jenson for some reason ... but maybe that 's just me . 
  still he 's better choice than kmag , and boy , i really like that kid . 
  oh yeah , fucking raikkonen , he 's not wearing some stupid shirt , what an asshole ... ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  two best drivers that are available ... 
  i can wait . 
  this is exactly why i do n't follow ferrari , they post same stuff at least two times , just in different languages ... i do n't know , i would like more if they had separate english and italian account if they really want to stick to this format . 
  nah , in the uk ? 
  would 've been fun though . 
  well that 's what mattvisual asked for a long time ago in that interview with colin , did n't he ... they listen . 
  we 're fighting freaking jungle dragon , kinda makes sense that sylvari play big role in that . 
  yeah ... but then , a day after this sale is done , there will be a post asking about sales . 
  great ad though , probably the first f1 related ad i 've seen and genuinely laughed at instead of cringing . 
  it does n't add anything , but it does n't remove anything either . 
  it 's not like they tell him how to drive the car , they just tell them how to optimise stuff . 
  by that logic you can also say that rally driver should n't have co-pilot telling him information about track , because ... you know ... `` robotically following a laundry list '' ... it 's bullshit mate . 
  took me a while to get it ... okay , i admit it - i had to read the video description . 
  i think ricciardo would destroy him in a top team . 
  just because when you drive for one of the best teams , you do n't just get to fight other midfielders with midfielder drivers , but you also have to fight other top cars with top drivers , and that 's something jev ( imho ) could n't match . 
  colin, 
  her getting reserve drive too would 've been a bit ridiculous ( and big middle-finger to jev ) considering the amount of experience wolff has in comparison with vergne , i hope you 're right . 
  yep , that 's how it should be . 
  i 'm really keen to see new torro rosso line-up in action . 
  i 'm still a bit sad over da costa not coming into the sport though ( i know , he 's old , not so impressive , etc. ) . 
  : - / i liked the guy . 
  more like david beckham of f1 i would say . 
  i 've already stated this in past `` unpopular opinion '' thread , so long story short - webber is not that great driver like some people claim him to be . 
  and same goes to vergne . 
  also not so unpopular here , but on the sjw internet in general - susie wolff would 've never been that famous in f1 ( or motorsport in general ) without her husband .
