  woah , i 'm kinda used to villeneuve just consistently bitching about vettel , this is nice refreshment , even though it 's still ton of bullshit . 
  but nobody is questioning his honesty mate . 
  he 's not a pr machine , that 's for sure , but that does n't change the fact most stuff he says about f1 is very stupid and smells butthurt . 
  if there is something i learned after all these years of watching f1 , it 's that nobody gives a fuck about contracts . 
  while full flat out driving is more impressive by the way it looks , i 'd rather stay with current , less stable drivetrain ... basically because it provides more interesting racing overall . 
  dat logic doe . 
  i 'd be surprised if they have n't tried to get him . 
  no biggie here . 
  i understand giedo that he wants sauber to stick with his contract , but damn i 'm not sure if i 'd want to race with team i needed to sue before they got me a seat . 
  awkwardness level well over 9000 . 
  dammit seb , you went full lewis . 
  never go full lewis . 
  the more you play it , the more you like colin . 
  colin is life . 
  colin is equivalent of 42 in tyria . 
  i already love you . 
  really enjoyed that friendly atmosphere . 
  i 'm feeling sad now . 
  management of this team terribly fucked up so much stuff since peter sauber left it 's beyond my understanding . 
  most drivers on the grid do n't have family connections . 
  especially the most successful drivers do n't and did n't have any . 
  * triple bribe superkick *, 
  do n't stop like that man , speak . 
  speak, 
  damn it renault , seriously ? 
  while i entirely agree with that double standards thing , do n't forget webber was running in lower engine mode while vettel was pushing it like hell after multi21 order was executed . 
  as a vettel fan , i kind of forgave him and understand why he did that ( i 'd do that too honestly , call me an asshole for that , i do n't care ... ) , but i think it was fairly important factor in that whole hate-train ( also webber and his crying into media whilst hypocriticaly acting like he always obeyed team orders ... * cough * ) . 
  this . 
  vettel was n't ruthless bastard on the track before championship became real thing . 
  i 'd love to believe that ricciardo has no dark side to him , but let 's just wait a while ... 
  [ oooooooooh ... ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/supa-hot-fire.gif ), 
  if this was a thing in official f1 app ... and even better live during the race ... i 'd pay 100 $ just for one season pass to have it . 
  seriously . 
  data transfer rates would 've been rather brutal in decent resolution , but we 'll get there in time ... i hope . 
  yes . 
  i understand how did ferrari became such icon and symbol , and it would for sure make f1 lose some casual audience just for the sake of bad publciity , but i would still watch . 
  i 'm not a team guy after all - i change favorite teams nearly every season based on what is their driver line-up . 
  `` no money no honey . '', 
  haha , yeah ... first things first . 
  i never talk about this with my real-life friends . 
  but ... this is me . 
  i was really hoping that nico would 've been closer to lewis . 
  well ... congratulations on your third wdc man . 
  other than that though ... this year is going to be damn good . 
  i just hope massa wo n't ram out any ferrari in the race . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ feeling ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mclaren ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fans . 
  now let 's hope that crazy `` this video was taken down by fom '' witch hunt ends too . 
  i really have a good feeling about ferrari ... at least right now . 
  he has a real chance , that 's for sure . 
  especially if rosberg does n't step up his game . 
  how come ? 
  serious question , i do n't really understand why do you think ferrari is ahead of williams . 
  from my point of view they are so close it 's hard to say ... at least speaking of quali , race could say more . 
  at first i thought he 's wearing a uniform . 
  also ... have they not learned their lesson with first ls season being temporary ? 
  come on arenanet , do n't do this . 
  do n't pull out content because there is new one . 
   4 newey designed cars might be a way to catch up to mercedes, 
  not if they are still 30 + seconds behind them by the end of the race . 
  graphics are great and have fresh modern vibe , but font is very small on my tv too . 
  well , if it 's really truth that ferrari engine is on similar level like mercedes engine ... that 's great news too considering it was even behind renault last year . 
  why did toto wolff do the podium interview ? 
  my personal summary :, 
  * unless nico pulls it together , this wo n't be a fun season . 
  good race by him , but quali and start went better for lewis , so well deserved win . 
  * i expected more straight up attack by seb , but at least ferrari strategists did better job than those sitting at williams booth . 
  * for once maldonado crashed not because of his own fault . 
  * ricciardo was basically invisible ... i smell some serious red bull decline from the front . 
  * great drive by nasr , no doubts man of the day for me , proving that even pay driver can be good . 
  * i was honestly expecting some major screwup by both torro rosso drivers , yet they were driving pretty well , so thumbs up - too bad it did n't work out for max . 
  * i 'm kinda happy that button was at least able to finish the race . 
  * in overall , it was very , very boring ... especially after super exciting 2014 . 
  well , i guess he could use somebody else fighting lewis ... right now it 's all just up to him . 
   one of the best season openers ever !, 
  yeah ... no . 
  damn it if this was n't the most boring race of 2015 . 
  well played , seb . 
  well played . 
  pointless comment : `` naser '' is something like `` screw yourself '' ( very mildly said ) in czech . 
  would 've been fun hearing our local commentary . 
  honestly ... do n't base your opinions on drivers on what some people here ( or anywhere ) tell you . 
  some people like this , some people like that . 
  there are very interesting rookies this year , so you can look at these just like most of us do , and make up your opinion on veterans as time goes by . 
  it can even go to the point you 're really into more drivers at once , or you do n't care at all and just love one team . 
  read about history of the sport to get picture who is who , and which team is which . 
  i 'm personally not much of a team guy , but there are also lots of people loving their teams no matter which driver is sitting in the car . 
  just enjoy the season ( and montreal  ) , you 'll grow into being a fan of somebody over time . 
  i thought he could get some popularity back when he goes to ferrari , just not this fast . 
  i feel like it 's pre-2010 again . 
  and even admitted that and apologized . 
  i like that kid . 
  yeah , melbourne track is a bit overrated imho . 
  it 's not worst , but it does n't work well for some serious spectacle either . 
  money distribution between teams and less aggressive money talks with circuits ( i mean ... seriously , no german gp ? 
  what 's next , no spa ? ) . 
  nothing else in current f1 seems broken to me . 
  there is some other stuff i do n't like , but that 's more a thing of taste rather than something that has to be fixed . 
  if i ever write down all reasons why i love reddit , bots like this one are going to be first paragraph . 
  guess i 'm missing something ? 
  love it .
