  you 're saying no other team has a chance , that 's simply not true , even when the chance is very small . 
  if they got podium , even though just once , it counts . 
  so chance was there , and they took it . 
  your statement would be true only if they had 0 podiums . 
  edit : now that i think of it , even then they would have a chance , they would n't just use it for their benefit . 
  but that 's rather deep into philosophical territory and i do n't want to go there . 
  holy cow , this could 've been some serious money ( i mean , if he becomes a champ ) . 
  honestly , three years ago , i did n't even know young verstappen existed . 
  are you dutch ? 
  iirc piquet said it all publicly about year later or something , when renault dropped him . 
  so he probably already got the money . 
  tbh i was more thinking of kimi when i said ferrari . 
  dae even more complex rules than in f1 ? 
  the force is strong with you americans !, 
  seriously , i do n't get the hate f1fanatic gets around this place . 
  i swear this is at least fifth time i read comment like yours , yet i never really had any issues with them . 
  what is it about ? 
  just curious . 
  i 'd prefer that over george or dave as well , ca n't blame vettel for his comments ... 
  it 's understandable - he 's victim of the way this statistic is made . 
  he has n't been around f1 for 5 years and only one year of his years he had car capable of noteworthy positions . 
  i think he 'd do much better if you would make stats just based on last two years or so . 
  `` could you give me like ... a million euros ? '', 
  nothing deep comes to my mind , sorry . 
  huh , makes me wonder why did i pick just one driver for lotus lineup . 
  nevermind though , it would be wrong anyways . 
  at least i got seb 's singapore 2016 right haha . 
  also kinda sucks haas is n't with jev/rossi . 
  it could arguably be better than gut/gro combo . 
  / r/f1circlejerk, 
  but seriously , jb is one sexy fella . 
  and that 's not even his final form . 
  send this to mclaren and ask them how much they pay their designers . 
  you might 've done it faster and cheaper , which could lead into them hiring you . 
  well ... if you want to work for ron . 
  i think that 's actually fair sentiment , even though it 's a bit harsh to her . 
  i doubt your average motorsport fan knows who she is . 
  no disrespect intended , it 's just the way it is - honestly i learned about her just last year , and i 've been fairly hardcore into f1 for years by that point . 
  may she rest in peace , hopefuly there will be woman capable of continuing her legacy sooner rather than later . 
  maybe susie 's recent activity will help that . 
  average fan in general , i guess . 
  but i 'm not from us , and most definitely not from one of f1 's major market countries , so to be honest , i 'm not the best person to judge this market difference anyways . 
  this was actually way better than i expected it to be . 
  boyega seems very excited about suddenly being in this type of celebrity society and meeting all those people . 
  i saw him on some show with beckham and at one point he was like `` i 'm just glad to meet you man ! '', 
  despite suddenly becoming superstar he still seems very down to earth , i like that . 
  i think this type of expression has stuck on him since he was training it for the movie . 
  yeah , i 've seen that on / r/starwars , he 's a great guy . 
  he even wanted ford to sign his own han solo figure when they were done filiming . 
  by your command . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  i 'm not exactly addicted to it , but i come back and check it out when there are people i know . 
  good stuff . 
  sucks to be you then . 
  long story short : in episode iv , when luke goes to death star disguised in stormtrooper armor in order to save princess leia , he walks into her cell block and she asks him `` are n't you a little short for stormtrooper ? '', 
  but yeah , go watch star wars . 
  i could make a big deal out of this and start some stupid argument , but i wo n't . 
  we all swear , we all act like this , even in daily car traffic , or in freaking online gaming , or whatever . 
  now imagine the same thing in tense world class race , especially on a track where every mistake might mean you 're out of the race . 
  i 'll just save this for that another time when somebody acts like they found something dirty on vettel , because they have this clip of him screaming on radio . 
  so much for `` dae think only vettel is dick on radio '' circlejerk ( not just on this sub , in general ) . 
  apple does n't do this type of advertising at all , google does a bit , but apart from some chrome/search ads back in 2012 or so i think they did n't do much either . 
  their brands are very strong even without this stuff , which costs quite alot of money . 
  microsoft has gone through some serious branding refreshment in recent years so i guess they wanted to advertise windows during 2015 ( and before it was their corporate software i think ? ) . 
  android by itself is very strong and does n't need google to push in some more advertising money - it 's being advertised ( from certain point of view ) by phone/tablet manufacturers anyways . 
  that being said though , samsung does some pretty expensive advertising campaigns , and i 'm rather surprised they did n't go for f1 promotion with their top tier devices . 
  they probably think it is n't worth it , or their top level pr management is n't into motorsport in general . 
  problem : dirty air . 
  solution : restrict aero , especially front wing . 
  provide more options on grip that is n't as affected by dirty air ( i do n't study mechanical engineering so do n't ask me for specifics ) . 
  why is it a problem : we need better racing , better racing means more action , more action means more excited viewership , more excited viewership means more viewership , more viewership means more sponsorship interests and less f1 is dead circlejerk . 
  there 's also the money distribution problem , but purely from fan 's point of view , it 's smaller problem , even though it has to be solved as well , as it should provide better situation for mid-tier and low-tier teams . 
  and that should lead to better racing as well . 
  nice to meet you, 
  where you been ? 
  i could show you incredible things, 
  winning , power , engine , dreams, 
  saw you there and i thought oh my god, 
  look at that pace , you look like my next mistake, 
  f1 's a game , wan na play, 
  tbh i 'd rather do all of that other stuff as well . 
  end of the world . 
  it looks even worse from this perspective . 
  umm ... let 's imagine they would actually hire him without checking his qualifications ... what would be the point if he would n't have any idea what to do ? 
  no offense meant to op , he said it himself . 
  how time has passed huh . 
  not last year though . 
  that 's what you wanted to hear anyways , right ? 
  i do n't know how it was in international scope as i was stuck with local news and stuff back in the days , but at least locally alonso became as popular as he is now during his ferrari run as well . 
  at least that 's my experience - people were all like `` what a whiny dick could n't handle hamilton wiping the floor with him blablabla . '', 
  and then suddenly went `` woah what a warrior , nando is the best , vettel is such a whiny dick . '', 
  that being said , in general alonso probably was more respected skill-wise even before his ferrari run , but i do n't think his fanbase was anywhere near it 's current size . 
  and with that in mind , my general point is - vettel might gain this big fanbase as well , even if he does n't fulfill his destiny ( i take it you mean winning championship for ferrari ) . 
  just coming very close in a tight battle until the very end might have just about same effect as it had on alonso . 
  the only thing where vettel really loses this popularity contest is through his absence on social media . 
  i think . 
  i love strong independent women who know their shit and do n't fall into some stupid 20th century kitchen stereotype . 
  i even support feminism in it 's original pure form . 
  that being said , yes , the low fuel laps are purely speculation - as for your question , they would do it for publicity . 
  her lap times drew some good attention , sponsors love attention .
