  i like them , but i honestly struggle to differentiate between songs anymore . 
  carolus rex was last solid album , but then it kinda went downhill when it comes to generic sabaton sound . 
  i 'm enjoying the last stand so far , but i doubt it 's going to survive in my playlist until end of september . 
  only if pulled off right though . 
  and that 's what i believe everybody is scared off ... at least i know i would be . 
  eh , so many negative comments here ... 
  i think he did fine . 
  i certainly do miss steve 's keynotes - i watched them even though back during jobs era i did n't have a single piece of apple tech . 
  it was just ... fun . 
  that being said though , i think cook does fine . 
  he did n't transform apple into yet another computer corporation , they are still keeping this human and expensive image . 
  i also like modern os x. 
  pretty much the only thing that i find disappointing about current apple is the latest macbook waiting madness . 
  sure , microsoft caught up on them in desktop os environment quite a bit , but os x was very polished years ago to start with . 
  inovating for the sake of inovating should n't be a thing . 
  and regarding this iphone jack thing , i hate it , but i strongly believe that 's something jobs would have probably done even sooner . 
  what else is there to hate on ? 
  itunes ? 
  come on , it 's never been great in terms of software experience . 
  and as of now , i think it works rather fine ... it 's been way worse . 
  so ... yeah . 
  apple is n't perfect , but it was n't during jobs era either . 
  he 's done well . 
  congratulations to him . 
  i find first season of rebels rather meh for the most part . 
  the real meaty stuff comes up in season 2 , that 's the season that really sold me on these series . 
  especially that holy crap finale , i kid you not it was even better than some movies . 
  i 'd say tcw s1-s2 are pretty much on the same level as rebels s1 and part of s2 . 
  tcw s3-s6 are on totally different level , only few episodes from rebels actually match these levels - but as i said , rebels s2 finale exceeds everything i 've seen in star wars animated series so far ( but you have to know tcw to fully appreciate it ) and i really loved tcw . 
  so far i think rebels is worse than tcw as a whole , but tcw itself picked up on proper pace later on as well . 
  and rebels got exceptionally better during second season - and from trailers it seems like season 3 is finally going to catch up on the finest stuff from tcw as a whole, 
  tldr : it 's worth watching if you are hardcore about star wars or just want some casual short fun to end day with . 
  but , and i ca n't stress this enough , watch tcw first . 
  may it be complete tcw or just the finest arcs , definitely watch at least the most important stuff of tcw first . 
  it makes rebels more enjoyable and you 'll feel more emotionally connected to what 's happening . 
  i bet they came to him and asked him . 
  not like he calls journalists `` yo i have opinions , can you publish them ? '', 
  just ignore the guy if he annoys you so much . 
  i 'm fine with this tbh . 
  i have 32 gig lg g2 now and it works for me just okay . 
  my next phone might be an iphone and i honestly see no reason to take any more than that . 
  i take almost no videos on a phone anyways and even then , i really do n't need to record stuff in 4k . 
  1080p works just fine and is way more reasonable when it comes to storage . 
  photos are n't an issue ... and since most quaity mobile games are just conversions of older pc games that i already played ... yeah ... 
  if somebody needs mega storage for that sweet 4k footage and stuff , 64 probably wo n't make sense for them either , and apple needs to keep margins high . 
  32 gigs base is fine by me . 
  at least for next few years to come . 
  i really have no issue with them making 32 base and scraping 64 at all . 
  though admittedly i 'd love to see apple drop some margins and make more reasonable pricing for storage updates ... but let 's be real , this is apple we are talking about . 
  oh well , maybe slightly off topic but since we are talking about what we actually liked on aotc despite it 's general reputation ... 
  i like the `` i hate sand '' part . 
  i really do . 
  the kid grew up as a slave on desert planet , so this first of all is reference to his origins . 
  second - it 's the first nod towards his internal hatred and rage we get in the entire saga . 
  i do n't really think that line is as stupid as the general internet meme suggests . 
  and third note - the delivery was n't really that bad for a teenage guy who never approached a girl before . 
  i mean , he still managed to turn it into a compliment about her skin or whatever it was . 
  remember yourselves during your teens guys , at least for the first time most of us did n't do much better . 
  aotc certainly is my least favorite star wars movie mostly due to the first half of it , i 'm not saying that i has zero flaws or that this part of the story had no flaws ... but it 's not even remotely as bad as some people make it out to be . 
  the only party i really struggle to like is how padm\u00e9 fell for him so early on naboo . 
  it makes their relationship less believeable to me , at least when it comes to it 's early development - tcw series provides some nice depth to it further down the road , but man i really would like if their first kiss came on geonosis when they were near death . 
  at that point they already spent some good time together , got to know each other after long pause , had common journey through the galaxy , padm\u00e9 probably feeling all sympathetic for him as he just lost his mother , being near death , etc. 
  it would make more sense to me , and we could also skip that weird conversation about kiss that should n't have been given . 
  damn this really just makes me wish for non-cartoon star wars tv series ( netflix pls ) . 
  i like rebels for what it is , but this is whole new level . 
  also ... sabine is hot . 
  lol why did you get that downvote here ... 
  season 2 finale is the best episode of all star wars series . 
  i already liked rebels at that point , but finale brought to entirely new level . 
  9.8 rating on imdb months after release , 29th best tv series episode of all time on imdb , competing against likes of breaking bad or game of thrones ... no joke . 
  nuff said . 
  this episode settled me in this thought - mr. filoni deserves to write a star wars movie script one day . 
  oh overall i like clone wars more as well , i just thought that season 2 finale was the best episode they ever produced . 
  as a whole i think tcw is still better ... 
  i 'm pretty hyped for season 3 of rebels though . 
  i 'm afraid that as long as ea has exclusive star wars games rights ... that 's not going to happen . 
  their aa rpg team is bioware and those already created super pricy mmorpg from star wars universe . 
  creating another star wars rpg would more or less be parasiting on your own market . 
  i call it world of warcraft effect - blizzard 's never going to make warcraft iv as long as wow is still being played as well . 
  to add to that solo playing mmo can be pretty boring experience most of the time . 
  i like mmos but man i got bored of swtor despite it 's storytelling elements . 
   vettel afterwards blaming nico to be a '' silverarrow '' , ~ ~ literally ~ ~ honestly, 
  ftfy, 
  as long as he survives first corner , he should be fine . 
  i 'd say third place as worst possible result . 
  yeah , but he 's / u/theantijokef1, 
  how many penalties did senna take in his entire career ? 
  you know . 
  emulating your heroes and stuff . 
  edit : ok , this joke did n't land at all . 
  the thing with warcraft is that they are completely progressing the story through wow and they 'd need to make warcraft iv story a spinoff of some sort unless they want to make ton of confusion for fans . 
  that 's the big difference between warcraft example and star wars example when it comes to overall ip - most sw games are story independent on other sw games or are very story independent generally ( bf , podracing , ... ) . 
  but you 're right , i pulled that wow example poorly for this case , it 's not really about genres as my original comment suggested . 
  some android manufacturers still do this but generally accepted standard are on-screen system level buttons . 
  when they first showed that concept with android 4 i was very skeptical about it , but man i was wrong ... it hides them whenever it is deeemed necessary ( videos , fullscreen apps , games , etc. ), 
  and you can always show them using a gesture - just like you do with notifications bar on ios . 
  never missclicked them either . 
  i like onscreen controls . 
  the only problem that stands with iphone is ... could they possibly make the screen work as a touchid sensor ? 
  because if so , that would be cool af .
