  haha , to this day i remember writing a text message to my dad about that he just announced going to mercedes . 
  and my dad , despite being big hamilton fan , replied with something like `` well that 's probably end of his career . '', 
  what a move - he proved us to be total idiots , but good for him . 
  i 'm trying to come up with something reasonable that would back this up and the only thing that comes to my mind is their lack of useful upgrades through the entire 2015 season , as they were saving it all for this one huge mega killer upgrade - and this is the outcome . 
  but i wo n't believe it until i see it . 
  it really just depends on your use scenario . 
  in my case , i like to read ebooks , and i also read alot of study materials when i am travelling by train . 
  as i am fairly hardcore poweruser type of guy with my laptop , i ca n't go below 15 inch laptop and i also want some processing power , so it ca n't be light ultrabook as well . 
  and here comes my ipad mini 2 . 
  i read books on it , study for school and do some casual writing or social media stuff . 
  not every train has table to put my laptop on it and i really hate putting laptop on my lap ( lol ) ... tablet is great device in the middle . 
  could i live without my tablet ? 
  yes , but i would certainly sacrifice some of that convenience . 
  i am so glad both booth and lowdon will continue in racing . 
  both had to go through some super rough shit and they still kept their love for the sport . 
  very admirable , i wish them best of luck . 
  i can see your point but i really do n't think kubica got hyped because of his accident , hype around him started back when he was still racing in f1 . 
  yes . 
  hehe it 's okay i just could n't resist to poke you a bit . 
  googled that name in interest what kind of commentator would that be . 
  i hated alonso with passion ever since i started watching f1 . 
  part of it was because my father hated the guy as well - and we sort of went through the same process and whilst neither of us is fan of his , we do respect his abilities and recognize him as great driver . 
  i also used to be a hamilton fan in his earlier years , then i kind of shifted towards what would some call a hater ... and then ( especially last year ) i started to like the guy a bit again . 
  though i would n't call myself a fan . 
  honorable mentions : i liked grosjean in gp2 . 
  then disliked him for his form in f1 . 
  and then grew into liking him once he got his shit together . 
  and i also went from blind turkey 2010 defending vettel fanboy to something i 'd say is fairly reasonable fan ( i think ) . 
  just ignore the guy . 
  when i started with photoshop i made much much worse stuff , this looks okay . 
  by no means it 's perfect but the idea is good and for a beginner it 's really well done . 
  umm , last year it seemed like ferrari pu was on par with them or at least very close - and ferrari is bringing quite a big upgrade to their pu as well . 
  i say no reason to jump to some catastrophic conclusions ... yet . 
  or dankest meme of the year . 
  now that maldonado is out there can be an actual competition in this as well . 
  seriously , for how long are we going to mark this stuff as spoilers ? 
  i 'm not exactly sure how fond would channel 4 be if he would be negative about f1 most of the time . 
  maybe as some action analysis and such , but i do n't really see him doing commentary or something - purely from channel 4 's point of view , you need commentary that sells programme to people and makes them excited about the sport , not the other way . 
  criticism is welcome of course , but i am not sure how positive he could be had he had to comment on whole races . 
  to be honest i do n't really know why would anybody hate on a car maker brand as a whole . 
  vw certainly deserves some criticism after bullshitting with customers , but it 's still not enough to make me hate a company . 
  renault for example is extremely unpopular in here but i 've never had any issues with them , though to be fair i drove only 3 cars or so . 
  that could be fun , depends on how they change the format . 
  if you 're asking about public reactions : just watch what happened with last year 's motogp championship and social media reactions . 
  scenario is n't the same but i imagine the shitstorm levels would be very similar . 
  if about racing : dsq, 
  this is why i was sad about renault keeping her . 
  susie was at least very reasonable most of the time . 
  make shit up 2 . 
  deny all evidence against you, 
  that sounds more like the ultimate guide to being a conspiracy theorist in general . 
  we make jokes about all 20 men on the grid all the time , but once we make a joke about a lady ( and that 's not even the case here ) , there is somebody who has a problem with it . 
  nice , i hope she makes it to the top . 
  let me translate it for you as you seem to be from / r/lewronggeneration : she denies being slow and bad driver despite people proving her otherwise . 
  deleting of the tweet is not the point here . 
  where did you listen to it ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  hm , he actually sounds okay . 
  i did n't expect that ... contrary to popular belief of people who do n't listen to this kind of music , it 's not really just as easy as grunting some shit into mic . 
  and he did well for amateur , even though it was really short part . 
  something like mario kart , but with machine guns and rocket launchers ? 
  could be , but how would you enforce it ? 
  unless you want to put a spy on your driver , i think it 's pretty hard to prove him telling other team confidential stuff . 
  i tried growling a few times , but after some time it started to hurt and as i do n't really have any ambitions in music , i just gave up on it . 
  in some extreme examples you can even hear that your voice wears off brutally , something that is n't really happening with `` regular '' ways of singing . 
  simple example is dani filth , the man had some glorious screams back in the days , but in present it 's just not there . 
  as much as i can understand why not everybody likes this type of music , these singers should get more respect than `` meh just some screaming idiot '' stereotype . 
  the reason why i stopped presenting myself as metalhead is that i just got tired of all the classic metal circlejerks . 
  `` metalcore is for emo pussies '' , `` that is not metal '' , `` nightwish is for girls '' , `` only true metal is iron maiden '' , `` manowar or nothing '' , `` if you listen to anything else than metal you are not true metal fan '' , ... 
  i could go on for very long . 
  i hated this shit . 
  i just call myself a music fan . 
  i have no issues listening to taylor swift , david guetta , amon amarth , epica and eminem ... all in just one playlist . 
  huh , never heard of it . 
  i 'll check it out , thanks . 
  that 's like saying `` football sucks because i do n't like it . '', 
  sorry , i just do n't get this type of mentality ... but whatever , to each their own . 
  remind me , please , why do these pr people actually record all this stuff on their own device ? 
  it 's not like he could say anything else if he did n't want to get bashed by ron and his minions . 
  not even speaking of general team morale - `` yeah , he made a great move , i mean , look at us now . '', 
  certainly would n't boost it . 
  as far as mclaren 's pr goes , i think he handled it well . 
  and there was some luck involved as well anyways , there always is . 
  whilst heidfeld is talking about general public mindset , something related comes to my mind regarding reddit opinions on f1 ... 
  sometimes i feel like most of f1 hate on this sub is due to this being the biggest motorsport sub , so fans of other series go there as well despite not really giving a damn about f1 ( anymore ) . 
  sometimes i tune into wec sub just to stay informed and god damn i am surprised they do n't have `` shit on f1 sunday '' threads or something . 
  it feels like they went through some rough breakup with f1 and are salty about it even after they stopped watching it . 
  i am saying button tried to avoid downtalking his own team . 
  straight up saying that he was right to leave mclaren is n't exactly good for mclaren 's reputation . 
  of course your average f1 fan knows they are ( hopefully were ) shit anyways , but it still matters . 
  it 's also why ron was calling alonso out for unprofessionalism after gp2 engine comments . 
  those sunglasses doe . 
  sad . 
  like him or not , he was n't afraid to go tough on interviews and always had an interesting insight , such as all his `` prophecies '' and specific points of view you just do n't get from other commentators . 
  i am going to miss eddie jordan in f1 . 
  damn this song and top gun is such an essence of 80s . 
  yep , as much as i like jenson , he 's on his way out . 
  i 'm very interested in vandoorne - alonso clash as well , i am very conflicted about it though : i 'd like alonso to grab one more championship , but i when it comes to personal opinions , i know i will be on vandoorne 's side . 
  that being said , i hope mclaren honda will provide them package capable of making their battle matter at least a little bit . 
  care to share your experience with red bull management ?
