  of course people are more hardcore in hardcore modes . 
  nobody would argue about that , we all know she 's an awesome development driver , because she uses all that valuable experience she has from dtm . 
  are you some kind of society-psychology studies guy ? 
  because man this thread and it 's backstory could do you a career . 
  rangers maybe not , but how about druids . 
  it 's not even funny . 
  not anytime soon . 
  and not as a reaction to this . 
  you 're dreaming if you think that gw2 is strong enough to kill wow . 
  i like both games , gw2 even more as it currently stands , but let 's be real . 
  as long as they have milion 's of subscribers , there is no reason for them to go f2p . 
  i just do n't see any logic behind it . 
  delta of subs does n't earn you money . 
  absolute number of subs does . 
  6 million players is not a small number for sub based game . 
  seriously , feel free to link me a wow forum where they say `` damn i should quit this game for gw2 . '', 
  i 'd love to see that . 
  i 'll believe you when i see it . 
  although even then , please realise that people who are vocal on the internet are usually a minority of playerbase . 
  same goes with gw2 . 
  i had written quite a long reply to you , but then my browser crashed . 
  q_q i 'll start again ... 
  anyways , i can see your sentiment for sure , i 've been playing since early tbc to late wotlk pretty hardcore and somewhat casually during cataclysm . 
  and the game did tire me out , but i do n't think you or me are the best examples of your average wow player . 
  i believe that this sudden drop of userbase is simply caused by the fact that warlords did n't deliver as much good content as people hoped for . 
  i for one did n't bother buying it even though i did have time to play it as gw2 did n't get much stuff since january - but a good friend of mine did and when i asked him how 's the game , he just said that it 's fine , but there is n't really much to do once you get to 100 . 
  which was the case with gw2 too , but the thing is that in wow you have to pay monthly ... and well , who would pay when there is not enough content to play through , right ... 
  legion on the other hand seems like it 's brutally focused on content and stuff for hardcore players to do . 
  maybe i 'm wrong and you 're right , but just look at the r/wow thread about legion announcement . 
  people are happy that blizzard took their feedback seriously and now focuses more on actual content instead of garrison-ish gimmicks . 
  i put my words a little bit oddly , i did n't mean that wow will never go into f2p , it definitely will , but i doubt it 's going to be within a year or so timeframe . 
  maybe after legion , if it fails to deliver what people want from it ? 
  maybe , but if it 's a good exapnsion , i do n't think blizzard will have much motivation to change their business model so drastically . 
  ps : whenever i think of wow going f2p , i 'm kind of sad for all those private server admins and programmers , because except for some vanilla and other special servers , nobody will want to play with them anymore . 
  and i 'm also worried of most current f2p mmos - i do n't play any of them ( well , except gw2 , lol ) , but they will be wrecked hard once blizzard enters this market . 
  why ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  it 's a parody-ish type of content that does take it 's own spin on real events , but i do n't see it being so bad . 
  i kind of like it , although some jokes get old fast and are rather cringey ( childish might be better word ? ) . 
  is there some kind of history between this sub and makers of this ? 
  they brought some to silverstone iirc . 
  ff14 and wow in open world starter areas are harder ? 
  i do n't know , i played through starter areas in both of these and they were just as facerolly as gw2 . 
  i agree that stuff should be harder , but other games are n't really different mate . 
  wow , thanks . 
  you da real mvp . 
  stupid sexy button . 
  damn it . 
  [ my favorite photo of him does n't include his pretty face though . 
  ] ( http://wordpress.carthrottle.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/jensonbutton_honda_hungaroring_20061.jpg ), 
  more like meta will shift if there are pve encounters that require it . 
  unless you are speaking of pvp/wvw ... meta in these gamemodes changes in it 's own way . 
  how sexy he is . 
  good point . 
  i guess you can still be proud of yourself at the end of the day , because being a champion in world class spec series is definitely a big achievement , even if you did n't make it to eternal fame and glory that formula 1 grants you if you win the championship there . 
  even when people trash-talk some drivers , they still should keep in mind that they are `` bad '' just relatively in formula 1 standards , but they are still absolutely fantastic and fast drivers in general . 
  yes , you could find exceptions ( we all know them ) , but there are very few . 
  if you make it into f1 , pay driver or not , you have to be good . 
  and even if you do n't , you 're no slouch . 
  speaking of which , i hope that vandoorne will get an f1 ride sooner or later , because he 's absolutely wrecking this year 's gp2 , and he was damn good in his rookie year too . 
  that moment when people are suprised by amount of content in guild wars 2 . 
  just judging by that you can say that hot was worth the wait . 
  naked speedrun is the real shit . 
  go naked or go home . 
  all right , this time i genuinely laughed . 
  you 're getting better . 
  as a czech \u0160koda all the way . 
  it 's not realistic though , i doubt vw would go with \u0160koda branding if they ever decided to join the championship . 
  realistically though , i 'm not very original - i would n't mind bmw return . 
   possibly the biggest domination ever . 
  does n't sound that awesome to me . 
  i 'd love to see them in f1 though . 
  i would click anyways . 
  great analogy , i could n't really come up with reasonable argument against these types of people . 
  thank you based gaile . 
  i do n't really remember . 
  i was n't on this sub yet and i was mostly following my local coverage , which drivers were these `` experts '' talking about ? 
  we do n't need this thread anymore , developing kimi threads are just good enough in terms of trash talking . 
  vettel is love, 
  vettel is life, 
  both south americans too . 
  good for him . 
  let 's win monza for her . 
  i usually like monza races to the point i ca n't really name my favorite . 
  2008 sealed my fanboyism for seb , but i definitely did enjoy the other ones too . 
  schumi vs. lewis in 2011 was great stuff to watch , it was posted there recently . 
  they forget that there is a race thiw weekend . 
  alonso crashing in brazil 2003 is the one that i can remember very clearly watching live with my dad . 
  i definitely have seen some races even before , but this one is the first that got stuck in my head . 
  thing is that zones beyond level 15 are n't much different though . 
  except the 70 + zones ofc . 
  now that 's proper trolling . 
  good job . 
  though i hope it did n't actually scare some newbies from playing the game . 
  considering the amount of women in the sport i 'd rather not search for it . 
  `` multi69 '', 
  dude , you 're on fire today . 
  another top kek from you in just a few hours . 
  fuck you . 
  seriously , fuck you .
