  it would be a nobrainer if it supported my local lte bands . 
  well that 's definitely a way to make me watch some indy once again . 
  got ta admit i 'm guilty of just watching highlights in recent years . 
  time to fix this is !, 
  i would n't bet on engines lasting entire oval distance either . 
  they are n't designed for that amount of stress . 
  considering vettel 's hypercompetitive passion for records and stuff ... 
  i guess he will be interested one day . 
  also montoya `` only '' needs to win le mans now . 
  this looks so good i ca n't really contain the hype . 
  omg, 
  i want ahsoka/rex playable characters . 
  clone wars series battles . 
  i 'd pay for clone wars story dlc . 
  exactly , i do n't see the problem everybody else seems to be talking about . 
  i love 2017 f1 . 
  god damn it op , i nearly had an heart attack reading this posts title . 
  it 's not confirmed . 
  but tcw was good . 
  i mean ... not the movie , the series . 
  well kimi tried to make his own strategy during the race as well , but team did n't care . 
  because right now i seriously doubt it . 
  huh ? 
  * and the crowd goes mild . 
  although saying otherwise would n't surprise me either ... rbr 's representatives are well known professional shit stirrers . 
  okay at best , and i say that as somebody who really loves prequels and tcw era . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  he stands no chance against red bull marketing hype machine . 
  and no max fans , by no means i am saying that max is just empty hype . 
  it just significantly helps against other similarly talented drivers though . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i am watching youtube stream , yet even when scrolling back through it i ca n't see any panels with hayden or ian that everybody else seems to be talking about . 
  that was literally the part i was looking forward to most on day one , what is going on ? 
  i did n't know that i actually wanted to see this until now . 
  mika pls . 
  remind me when you actually make something worthwhile instead of bragging about your school 's achievements and using them as an argument why your ideas should be more valid that those of a man who changed entire movie industry . 
  until then , i do n't care . 
  i 'm not offended , i 'm just wondering where does schumacher , fangio and prost stand in this meme . 
  it 's so great to see that some star people are still very down to earth and connected to actual fans through more than just empty quotes on social media . 
  tutorial you posted above does n't show assembly attribute above interface implementation 's ( native code classes ) namespace . 
  are you sure you have it there ? 
  based on that guy 's code it should be something like :, 
   [ assembly : xamarin.forms.dependency ( typeof ( screenshotmanager ) ) ], 
  without that attribute your native implementation is never going to be called . 
  more on that [ here ] ( https://developer.xamarin.com/guides/xamarin-forms/application-fundamentals/dependency-service/text-to-speech/ ) . 
  besides that i do n't know tbh . 
  i 've tried it several times on mac , even recently , and it 's alright except that it 's painfully slow and every code change lags the studio so hard that it 's actually better to turn it off and just turn it on after several changes . 
  mark is such a charismatic showman . 
  hype, 
  fuck it i lost it at the poster , if they show the trailer i am dead . 
  yep , i 'm dead . 
  something like what ahsoka became after she left the order ... hot damn the speculations !, 
  eh ... well ... you should watch rebels mate . 
  / r/sequelmemes will love this, 
  he was n't . 
  it 's good to see that edgelords such as you are finally losing grip over that annoying hate-train which was the biggest stain on this fantastic saga . 
  prequels are n't perfect , but edgy haters such as you made them way worse than any of their actual faults . 
  go away , your time is over . 
  star wars does n't need `` fans '' like you . 
  why cgi when you have ewan . 
  not just 2016 . 
  pretty much in all codemasters f1 games ai has this weird behavior when they either get out of the way too late once you are already off the racing line to overtake them ... essentially blocking you and in best case scenario just forcing you into massive braking . 
  or they suddenly for no reason turn into racing line when you are right behind them , or just overtaking them . 
  over years i got used to it and i automatically get all paranoid . 
  vettel certainly would n't like the way ai approaches blue flags . 
  i ca n't point what exactly it is , but there 's something special about her . 
  good question . 
  i 'd rather stay distracted though . 
  secretly hoped they would add the force awakens into the mix as well ... instead they did n't add even the old star wars games lol . 
  good job bottas . 
  forces of destiny is actually part of standard canon ? 
  at first i thought that it 's a side thing such as freemaker adventures etc. 
  i never actually thought that i 'd say that about animated character but damn kallus looks fine . 
  rebellion suits him better than empire . 
  original battlefront and battlefront 2 . 
  battlefront 2 even has a campaign that starts in clone wars and ends in empire era ( rotj timeline i think ) . 
  it 's by no means as epic as cod-style campaigns or so , it 's more like scripted bot matches with some goals and cinematics between missions , but still better than nothing . 
  their main money cow is bf one though . 
  yes , exactly . 
  dark disciple was absolutely epic , one of the best in all star wars books , not just new canon . 
  golden will deliver with this one . 
  no , it was n't . 
  samuel was just joking . 
  red bull gives you wings after all . 
  `` do n't believe me just watch . '', 
  - seb tomorrow, 
  because there are literally thousands of reaction videos for each big movie ( or game ) trailer . 
  nobody cares anymore , get creative , be original . 
  a bit surprising considering your flair but oh well , now you know the face of the man behind it all . 
  he had that face on rots promo shots as well as on that time when he earned massive amounts of money by selling franchise to disney . 
  i think that 's just how his face works . 
  that game 's subtitle should be `` a new hope '' lol . 
  i ca n't even remember when i read so much praise for a game that was produced by studio under ea 's wings . 
  and now looking at battlefront 2 , i feel like they might be actually starting to consider fans input . 
  very good . 
  i think i 've seen horner 's bare chest more times than chests of all my girlfriends combined together . 
  and that 's really unsettling . 
  fandom is n't about common sense . 
  top 3 most favorite drivers are all products of red bull . 
  just observing .
