  by that logic you could say that both images are ripoff from rogue one trailer . 
  in other words , that logic is dumb . 
  [ inbefore ... ] ( http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v734/myscififan/c3%20star%20wars%20costumes/whiteeudarthvader.jpg ), 
  since we already had ahsoka and vader ... 
  rex and cody all the way !, 
  also i 'd love to see rex find out truth behind darth vader . 
  i think he changed his mind after that quadruple spin-wreck against his jedi bros. 
  to be fair , vader himself thinks of it as if he killed anakin to become vader . 
  luke 's role has even more weight considering that , as he was that one thing that made vader remember who he really is . 
  you might be joking , but i actually do . 
  i just hope we get first the last jedi trailer during superbowl . 
  it 's been a great week otherwise , so yeah , this is my biggest worry right now . 
  i spent good 20 second looking for lauda and then i realised ... 
  well played . 
  why 32 though ? 
  any ideas ? 
  now i feel stupid . 
  rich men 's sport gets rich men 's money . 
  just my guess , i do n't know a single person who watches golf tbh . 
  never even heard of one . 
  pls yes . 
  nobody freaking cared or bitched about `` i am the senate '' up until late 2016 when it became a meme . 
  seriously , do n't even try this bullshit . 
  op must deliver on this, 
  i would love to see that . 
  but i wo n't believe it until i see it . 
  in addition to that , i am skeptical about his pace after such long pause from openwheel racing , let alone f1 . 
  kinda brutal . 
  but also very funny . 
  to be fair , he worked as welder before ... 
  i guess he knows some manual work . 
  first half of the track is just flat out going on straights ... but man that second half of the track is so well designed it makes up for that boredom in first half of the lap . 
  i would n't buy a mac if i did n't want to be an app developer to be honest with you guys ... 
  i mean , ... 
  i like most of it 's features and such , macos is by far the best laptop os ( on desktop use i 'd dare to disagree ) ... 
  but i do n't really feel like it 's worth the price margin compared to windows laptops . 
  for person who does n't straight up need one that is . 
  and yes , i am talking better windows laptops , not some cheap celeron acer junk that overheats while webrowsing . 
  i do need a mac because it supports all platforms . 
  if apple allowed for ios app building on windows i 'd probably switch back sooner or later . 
  just my two cents . 
  how is that a bad thing ? 
  retirement of dreams . 
  just kotor ii please , i already have first one . 
  thanks !, 
  one difference : rosberg is n't a dick when it comes to sharing opinions . 
  more like positive villeneuve . 
  photographer told them `` do a ready for fight pose '' and they both are from the generation that grew up watching power rangers ... it matches . 
  yeah , because of this and the force stuff i was always very okay with somebody calling star wars a fantasy in space instead of scifi . 
  it really fits alot . 
  fingers crossed for tv series , may it be rebels or not , that will tell stories of what happened after rotj . 
  similar story with my lg g2 , aka nexus 5 's less cool sibling . 
  old-school flagships can still rock with some unofficial tweaking . 
  only thing i really miss is fingerprint reader , the convenience of that certainly is noticeable . 
  camera was better as well ... at least on stock roms heh . 
  just convenience , not a game-changer feature . 
  i just listed it as it 's pretty much the only thing it lacks compared to newer phones on the market . 
  it 's nice to securely unlock a phone without having to type in a code or swipe some magic gesture on the screen . 
  i really hoped that she would decap saxon . 
  screw the `` good guys do n't do this '' stuff , you 're pissed and the guy literally collaborated with your greatest enemy and helped turn your own enemy against your friends . 
  do it . 
  i also do n't like how nobody in the end minds that sabine 's mother literally sold them to empire few minutes ago . 
  had saxon not turned on their clan as a whole , she seemingly would have been totally okay with it . 
  empire 's collaborator no less . 
  at the very least she would deserve some picky jab from ezra . 
  i 'm also surprised that ezra did n't react much to fact of not seeing sabine alot from now on . 
  although they will meet up again , for sure ... 
  i 'm not really surprised . 
  i would n't even be surprised if he stays away from racing as a whole . 
  and no , i 'm not meaning it like it 's a bad thing , he can do whatever the hell he wants to do , especially with such packed bank account . 
  lewis made that impression quite a few times over the course of last few years . 
  yep . 
  vettel said in interview for f1.com ( i think ) that they obviously have very different approach to lifestyle , but in the end they respect each other and can enjoy little moments together during the race weekend . 
  they cool . 
  at least as long as they do n't really fight each other for championship . 
  would have been quite a waste of potential powerful force-sensitive warrior though . 
  i mean , that is if he just knows about force , but did n't study how to use it . 
  i 'm not so certain about kanan 's lightsaber but ezra 's certainly seemed way closer to movies style of lighstabers . 
  this . 
  so many people compare shitty cheap windows machines to macbooks and are surprised that macbooks are better ... put them into fair comparison against similarly priced windows machines and now we 're talking . 
  and yes guys , i am actually using a macbook , i am writing this comment on it right now , i 'm not a troll from pc subs ... both windows and mac machines have their specific issues , but this one mentioned by op is n't really a fair comparison . 
  bare in mind that advertised battery life is measured in laboratory conditions , not real use case scenarios . 
  i think that 5-6 hours is more or less realistic expectation if you 're constantly on wifi with screen brightness above half of the settings slider . 
  i do n't know how it stacks up currently , but some time ago chrome was well known for being a system resources hog . 
  that could be a factor . 
  that has nothing to do with off-season , that 's just modern internet journalism that requires as many clicks as possible . 
  / r/topkek, 
  `` what 's a corner ? '', 
  feel free to name champions which won their championship in subpar car . 
  especially when it comes to modern era , since we are talking about it . 
  i 'm not saying that vettel is the best of all time , but i am really fucking tired of reading that he just lucked into rocketship ( he did , but that should n't lower his achievements ) . 
  more important point is that marlboro is all in with ferrari , no way mclaren would promote their branding just for nostalgia shits . 
  yep , f1 straight up sucks with camera angles . 
  often people who do n't know the sport take a look at what i am watching and ask `` that 's really 300km/h ? 
  it looks like 90 at best ! '' . 
  i do n't even try to explain why they have such camera angles anymore . 
  i wish new leadership would do something about it , but i am skeptical . 
  i 'm disappointed that hamilton 's post was n't about his dog . 
  seriously doe , max wins . 
  so what ... uh ...
