  would n't webber want to try f1 of the new era ? 
  check out 2005 usa gp . 
  damn that 's terrible . 
  his race result now seems pretty good to me if this is what engine was doing all the time . 
  holy crap that cringe ... that cringe was intense . 
  it 's wonderful how this part is genuinely fun , yet the one with nico trying to strike back is awkward as hell . 
  just saying though . 
  lots of stuff - formula 1 ( i 'm somewhat active on / r/formula1 ) , coding , mobile technology and apps , reading , writing ( working on a fantasy/scifi novel from time to time ... great way to relax ) , music , fitness and working out ... this list goes on for a bit , and yes , i wish days were at least twice as long . 
  not really news indeed , but it 's nice to hear it straight from them . 
  i was actually thinking of re-doing this puzzle in fp mode ... now i do n't want to . 
  i understand it must be hard listening to all those number 2 driver jokes , but come on ... even button trashed him in brawn and it 's fair to say jenson was never considered as one of the fastest guys . 
  fair enough , i overshot a bit with that wording ... button had weaker second half of the season for sure ( which nearly gave wdc to vettel * wink * ) , but i 'd still say he was fairly faster than rubens , who had his best shot in 2009 and he still missed it . 
  crap like this is exactly why i do n't like you will . 
  you 're great at commentary and general f1 journalism , but your personal opinions usually seem so off to me . 
  sometimes you at least tried to hide your bias , but i guess you do n't care anymore . 
  yes , red bull is moaning like crazy and it is freaking annoying how public they are about it , but they are much more than just a team advertising their product . 
  they are our main source of bringing fresh talent without required money into the game . 
  also - red bull may not be as cool and traditional as ferrari is , but i 'd argue they currently bring in more young fans than any other team does , and that 's pretty important for the sport too . 
  just because you despise them ( and you have full right to do so , do n't get me wrong ) , does n't mean f1 should take their threats lightly and treat them with `` shut up and leave if you do n't like it . '', 
  rules were being changed against them over time , now they demand the same thing , and while they are being overly vocal about it , they have a point to some extent . 
  like it or not , red bull is a big player now . 
  tp has always been framerate killer for me , damn it could even freeze the crap out of the game for 5 seconds when it was loading ( ssd really fixes that freeze , although the fps drop persists ) . 
  but the fact even inventory eats so many frames per second is rather interesting ... kind of makes me wonder if they dropped addons idea because they knew even their own ui takes too many resources . 
  it 's not really a big deal to work with inventory at 30 fps , but some people with worse rigs can go well under 20 fps just because they open inventory . 
  and that is well under comfortable level - and let 's face reality : it 's not ok if your group combat gameplay is smoother than managing items when nobody is around . 
  it 's an issue , and arenanet admitted that . 
  how much did your parents pay for that rig ? 
  it 's hypening !, 
  and i did n't get anything . 
  / sadpanda, 
  mystic mail . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5xwko_4bui ), 
  * for sure , obviously . 
  still less shocked than when he turned up vettel flair . 
  iirc even one of mclarens he designed were bad at reliability because of his way too agressive design . 
  still better love story than ... well ... something ... 
  wtf, 
  i get it , we all made those jokes . 
  but it sounds way too butthurt coming from them imo . 
  he just tends to crash alot . 
  is that really a thing ? 
  that seems like very inefficient way . 
  but hey , i have no idea how their server design actually works . 
  i just do n't understand why there is n't just one thread with one stack number property which multiplies actual effect ... is that simplistic concept bad in any way ? 
  got seb . 
  satisfied . 
  alonso receiving 99 % of questions confirmed . 
  is there even any point in inviting other drivers too ? 
  damn it ferrari , that does n't go well with your new `` we cool '' image . 
  flying finn was mika . 
  kimi is flyier then ... and valtteri is flyier-er . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ #heikkineverforget, 
  other mmorpg players be like : they see me colin ' , they hatin ' ... 
  not really flying , badass moustache caused tons of downforce . 
  f1 : always the cutting edge technology . 
  any danish redditor cares to explain why are press so negative about it ? 
  they did n't expect him to race all season , did n't they ? 
  what . 
  there were other drivers ? 
  well , this sounds pretty good to me . 
  let 's hope our client shares this approach too . 
  i might be finaly able to get legendary without hoarding crazy loads of gold . 
  i 'm not really sure i understand what you 're on about , but if i do ... his/her comment was funny and on point and in no way insulting towards me . 
  i feel like i 'm the only guy on the entire f1 internet community who 's not into her . 
  their own pr hypetrain turned against them when it came to facing reality . 
  do you know how to recognize hardcore simracing guy ? 
  he just tells you . 
  and reminds you . 
  and again . 
  just in case you forgot how hardcore he is about virtual racing he reminds you once again . 
  and he never forgets to mention how games which are not meant to be 1:1 sims are ... not sims . 
  yep , sometimes men are way too protective of their self-declared manhood . 
  i 've been listening to some serious shit for shaving other hair than just the facial one for quite some time ( yeti ! = comfortable for me ) ... and look at most men these days . 
  it might seem bit harsh , but at least some people are brought back to reality after that craziness about her being just as good as most of f1 racing field despite her actual results . 
  somewhere during 2014 german gp practice session there was serious white-knighting against anybody who doubted her . 
  seriously ... what the hell . 
  on one hand there is boiler stating that this entire thing was blown out of proportion , and then jenson comes up with mysterious crap like this . 
  that fanblog must be earning billions of dollars monthly for sure . 
  there used to be times when people eat up everything pr department created even if it was the most ridiculous thing ever . 
  now there are times when people mark up everything as pr without even thinking about it . 
  neither extreme is good . 
  nice username . 
  working at ferrari as former f1 driver is n't really anything special these days . 
  super formula is probably more exciting job . 
   why are they even contacting him ? 
  people tend to click on articles with his opinions ( controversial crap has always been popular ) . 
  ca n't blame journalists there , they are just doing their job and trying to get as many readers as possible . 
  but i guess we could use [ villeneuve ] tag on this sub . 
  on serious note in otherwise ridiculous idea ( imo ) : i would n't mind red bull leading f1 ** if ( very important condition ) they dropped their teams ** . 
  they know how to create spectacular show , that has been confirmed many times in the past . 
  they would bring in tons of new fans and refresh the sport for good . 
  i hope they are going to drop it if these mild rants continue . 
  keep pushing them . 
  abiteboul sitting right next to horner . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  what . 
  no matter how you vote on this . 
  sammpo is true artist . 
  yeah , what the hell is going on guys . 
  i did n't see anything , they just met on the track , but he let him through .
