  i think jumping to rbr - ricciardo conclusions is kinda optimistic . 
  people were thinking the same last year about ferrari - vettel combo and how did that go . 
  sure next year can mix up stuff much more , but you never know . 
  newey might design the best car , but it will be unreliable because power unit needs more cooling space or something . 
  and ferrari can have better power unit yet their chassis is still going to be subpar to other frontrunners ... and voil\u00e1 mercedes wins again next year . 
  mclaren though ... yeah . 
  first they need honda to sort their shit out and then we can talk again . 
  you just ca n't know , but odds are it 's either going to be ferrari with vettel or red bull with ricciardo . 
  maybe even verstappen , who knows how he 's going to develop until next season starts ... 
  you have no idea how hard it is to develop a game , do n't you . 
  especially when you 're independently doing it with no backing . 
  show some respect . 
  i am going to be very surprised if disney/ea lets this get so far . 
  i mean ... damn steam release for obviously a star wars game that has no official license , whilst ea has exclusive rights to the franchise ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  in that case maybe they can just like ... go open source with some unlicensed models ( and people could mod in sw looks ) . 
  i guess that is the only way they could somehow avoid bigger problems . 
  care to explain why that is against the rules according to you ? 
  tokens are n't directly applied just to performance gains . 
  if they were n't running the engine on 100 % of it 's potential and now they sorted out problems with something that is n't restricted by tokens system , i see no problem . 
  i could do just fine with 1 million . 
  regular girls are my thing . 
  vettel and wurz must have been spending some time together . 
  thanks . 
  never thought about that . 
  this happened quite a long while ago , i think it was 2011 ... once i saw a guy that had a winter hat with huge vettel logo on it , exactly the same hat vettel used to wear on some winter rbr events ... so i was like yeah fellow fan !, 
  i made a finger vettel gesture and made sure that the guy sees me . 
  he apparently did n't get it , he just kinda looked at me , then looked away , then once more at me , and then turned around and walked away . 
  to this day i am not sure what to make of it . 
  anyways , i see people in f1 merchandise quite regularly . 
  mostly in rbr gear , but also some ferrari and renault ( alonso wdc era colors ) stuff . 
  mclaren not so much tbh . 
  we 're on the same boat !, 
  i love entire saga as it is no matter what movie . 
  yes , tpm is not a good movie in general , and aotc has too much cheese in it - but as a lifelong star wars fan i could n't care less . 
  it 's still star wars and a big part of my childhood . 
  i still saw ot before pt btw . 
  empire is my favorite movie , anh second favorite and rots settled in third and unless sequel trilogy pulls out something really mighty , i do n't think that 's going to change anytime soon even though i really loved tfa as well . 
  but again , even other movies outside of my saga top 3 still have very special place in my heart . 
  even tpm . 
  so ... * regained * . 
  quality journalism from nbc there . 
  the actual quote is absolutely fine . 
  whoever wrote that headline either wants kvyat without seat very soon or ( and ) is an incompentent tabloid ahole . 
  yeah , i always got the vibe that they are one of the very few rivals that actually got on very well all the time . 
  great respect between the two all the time . 
  or knights of ren for what it 's worth . 
  tcw series elaborates on his motivations better than movies , watch it and you 'll understand his character and his frustration much better . 
  prequels and namely rots is almost a different movie once you have seen the clone wars . 
  generally speaking though , he did n't exactly fall to the dark side at first , he just kinda surrendered to it as he believed that sidious could help him save padm\u00e9 . 
  his fall came later on mustafar once his anger took complete control over him . 
  at least that 's the way i 've always seen it . 
  voted for ricciardo as he already beat him , but i would of course love to be surprised . 
  apart from other opinions ... codemasters f1 games are n't even remotely as bad as most people claim them to be and they should n't get much more realistic beyond how they are now . 
  i 've been to other threads like this a few times , i think i have n't posted this opinion yet . 
  damn it 's kinda understandable how hard it has to be for mclaren to pick their driver lineup . 
  i just could n't pick one out of those three , and that 's just a pointless web poll . 
  ^ ^ ^ gave ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ stoffel ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ lols ^ ^ ^ though . 
  mostly , yeah . 
  speaking for myself - i just picked rosberg because i like him more though . 
  lewis handled himself very well this season considering how it went for him apart from monaco . 
  i think both cool as of now . 
  what do you mean ? 
  he 's in the car . 
  the prophecy really was misunderstood by the jedi . 
  [ felipinho and ricciardo disagree op ] ( http://www.theverge.com/2016/4/24/11491322/f1-felipinho-massa-ricciardo-razor-crazy-kart ) , 
  the way this line was delivered is so meta for real world imo . 
  it 's one of those lines that may not be as iconic as other star wars quotes , but it makes the entire universe much more relevant to real world and that 's why i love it . 
  i 'm very likely in minority , but i would actually like to see at least a little bit of politics in sequel trilogy . 
  i understand why some people did n't like it in prequels , but it makes me relate to the universe so much more . 
  i 'd like me some balance between literally no politics in ot apart from very vague senate mentions in anh , and maybe a little too many politics in pt . 
  prequels may not be the best movies , but they made the universe feel much more real to me exactly because of details like this . 
  it 's one of the very few things i found lacking in tfa . 
  the verge secretly runs / r/f1circlejerk . 
  wow . 
  and i thought i was a big fan . 
  his personality is amazing after all . 
  my favorite kind of sixpack . 
  how come ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  twice . 
  and i do n't even like heineken . 
  i think i read somewhere that george specifically wanted them to act more wooden and reshot the scenes where they seemed way too relaxed . 
  dat red bull crew behind him tho, 
  [ three with this gif ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/6b54cb0d597327feee2832154f3c4fd0/tumblr_inline_mr4broisss1qz4rgp.gif ), 
  of course not , obviously vettel still has nightmares about mighty honey badger . 
  that smile has been haunting him since 2014 and it probably wo n't stop anytime soon . 
  czech here . 
  can confirm . 
  if i had to pick three things our country is good at , it would be making beer , ice-hockey and drinking beer . 
  i genuinely like beer and do n't feel socially pressured to it at all . 
  simple proof : sometimes i drink some even when i am alone at home , just chilling while watching a movie or playing a game . 
  you do n't like it , i get it . 
  but do n't use generalisations like that , please . 
  [ usually there within two hours after the race or so . 
  ] ( https://kat.cr/usearch/skyf1/ ) do n't read comments under each upload , just go straight to downloading . 
  not recently , yeah . 
  though this year i was pretty hyped about our iihf performances early on , being out in quarters is just ... :'(, 
  yeah . 
  some people were losing their shit when raikkonen and vettel sweared at podium celebration ...
