  when somebody calls a company evil , i expect that company to use slave or child labour , have very poor working conditions , pump loads of money out of gov resources , cheat on taxes or grants , and such type of stuff - you get the idea . 
  not just playing it smart on it 's market . 
  kinda like i heard ronaldo 's name a few times ? 
  sure i know he 's a football player , but other than that do n't know shit about him . 
  does that make him less famous ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i could make 20 more examples from many other sports but you get the idea . 
  btw i do n't live in britain mate and have zero relations to it . 
  i find it slightly funny that as of late i started standing a bit more on hamilton 's side , and some people already jumped to the conclusion that i am a briton . 
  singapore . 
  he was boo 'd ( booed ? ), 
  there . 
  but other than that you have a point , i admit - particularly in japan he is very popular , even in 2013 . 
  and he will have every right to bathe in their tears on sunday night . 
  i do n't remember exact words but did n't lewis say something like `` it 's their problem not mine . '', 
  in austria on the booing ? 
  he 's right . 
  this year 's silly season came in a bit early . 
  first red bull switching max to rbr , now ferrari already signing kimi . 
  mercedes confirmed latest clash wo n't affect nico 's new contract ... 
  from the teams that are somewhat releveant only button 's place is unsure . 
  maybe palmer 's seat ( buemi hype ? 
  ) , if you consider renault relevant as of now . 
  op gets it . 
  opening crawl simply is too iconic for star wars not to include it as a favorite shot . 
  when it started rolling on my first tfa run i was all like `` yep , new star wars is legit , i was n't dreaming . '', 
  wonder how are they going to approach anthology movies though . 
  the general speculation was that it 's going to be a fett movie , but considering how outspoken fanbase was about wanting a kenobi movie ... they could have changed their minds . 
  i hope they did . 
  i 'll take anything with star wars name on it , but kenobi movie would make me go `` hell yeah obi is back !, 
  '' , while fett is just `` kinda okay , i guess . '', 
  ( never really got the hype around him tbh ) . 
  is hamilton waiting for ferrari though ? 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  there 's a reason why amongst all possible speculation this one has never come up before . 
  yeah . 
  the only possible way of somehow removing it will likely be modding it 's texture to make it transparent ( as modders ca n't create new custom models for codemasters ' games ) . 
  [ ... ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/speechless_o_2899449.jpg ), 
  your point being ? 
  seriously , i have no idea what 's your problem with his 2014 behavior . 
  he said that ricciardo was doing a better job and even ricciardo recently said that vettel was always very nice to him and never really had any issues with him . 
   honestly i never looked forward a movie as much as viii, 
  not even to vii ? 
  after 10 + years break from ( new ) star wars movies ? 
  i mean ... 
  i look forward to viii like crazy , but damn it 's nothing compared to how hyped i was ever since the disney deal came out and suddenly info about new movies appeared . 
  i do n't know how much into new canon books you guys are , but for example in lords of the sith ( no spoilers ) he is described as somewhat agile warrior . 
  often using force to allow himself to move at unnatural speeds and such . 
  of course no flashy backflips like in rots before he got stuck with the suit , but still pretty fast and strong . 
  i actually like this way of combat much better , it just looks cooler , and honestly , that 's all what matters to me . 
  i hope rogue one provides us look on vader that fits into books description . 
  let 's be honest , the reason why he often seemed rather clunky in ot is because of technology at the time ( though it majorly improved in esb and rotj ) . 
  i have some issues with fighting in rebels ( especially the ac syndrome as top comment describes ) , but vader 's speed was actually one of my highlights . 
  i love that scene where he just aggressively swings his sword at ahsoka . 
  i think he 'd need to lose that weight in order to fit into an f1 car anyways . 
  just for the lols i 'd love to see jpm back . 
  now that f1 has become kinda politically correct with commentators even apologising for beeped out radio communications ... he would show them big time . 
  dat suit though . 
  straight from kai ebel 's wardrobe . 
  they are still too late to the party . 
  after being like 5 + years on android i noticed something after i switched my tablet to ios last winter - i had to re-buy all apps i already had bought on my google account . 
  eneded up with buying just the necessary minimum , but hey , you get the point - many users are already tied into other platform eco-systems and it makes switching even more annoying beyond just `` i need to get used to new ui '' . 
  microsoft missed the mobile hype train big time . 
  yeah , because one out of context text quote definitely allows us to recognize the tone he said that in ... 
  i think it 's more of a habit from earlier smartphone days - back then technology was improving so rapidly in pretty much every department that each year meant serious upgrade . 
  from 2009 to 2013 i had 4 phones . 
  and then there 's my lg g2 from late 2013 , it 's still going strong - lg stopped doing software updates , but as a hardcore android user i really had no issues just flashing in newest android rom , and it 's still going like a new one - and i am really hard on my phone 's speed and stability , not just like some random xda fanboy ( `` apart from this , and this and that it works really well ... only two restarts per day lol '' stereotype ) . 
  technology progress slowed down from `` holy shit that 's amazingly fast and better than old one '' to `` yeah , it has better camera or whatever ... '' . 
  since then it 's more or less marketing game - and mid pricepoint range phones got alot better too , my next phone very likely wo n't be a flagship model . 
  mid-price androids in 2012 or so were absolutely horrible pieces of crap . 
  he is master at this stuff . 
  his donuts and 360 's are always on point . 
  [ or 720 's . 
  ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owah5vzgwhy ), 
  it requires gems . 
  just went through the entire process just to get am message that i have not enough gems ... 
  will be interesting to see red bulls reaction once they clash . 
  if they are going to have tight title-deciding battles , it will be inevitable sooner or later . 
  that reaction will decide whether ricciardo really is the new webber in helmut 's eye . 
  team spirit on point . 
  this entire problem is just another proof that this rule is shitty nonsense . 
  the reason why they are taking so long to decide is mostly because that this rule is simply pure shit and deep inside they know that even if they give him a penalty , he or his team has n't really done anything wrong . 
  no penalty , and get rid of this fucking rule already ffs . 
  it 's beyond me how dense f1 rulemakers can be at times . 
  btw , yes , i thought that this rule was dumb even with hamilton 's problems in baku . 
  edit : cooled down a bit . 
  sorry about that language , it really just annoys the hell out of me . 
  i believe hamilton was n't really pushing in the end . 
  rosberg had to , with max behind him . 
  how ? 
  at least doing well for ferrari means being on top spots . 
  doing well for mclaren is being close to points . 
  pretty much everybody besides palmer thinks that i guess . 
  these cars are the most complex f1 cars ever and they are essentially saying that every driver should have a degree in engineering and complete computer telemetry on steering wheel . 
  thanks op !, 
  thanks , 
  thank you , 
  they are certainly playing mindgames with this sub . 
  strider, 
  thank you !,
