  it 's definitely arguable as driver performances can differ each year , but it 's still there , like it or not ( and trust me , i do n't like vergne ) . 
  a regarding kmag , he won in his rookie year of formula ford , finished second in his rookie year of formula renault , and third in f3 whilst winning the first race in that season . 
  he also got a podium in his first f1 race . 
  he might not be on vandoorne 's level , but he 's still way above palmer , who is in mostly due to his name and money behind it . 
  lotus seems very likely to have the worst lineup next year . 
  f1 is just cursed in the us is n't it . 
   if hamilton had said the same thing then there would be a witchhunt . 
  got ta love these arguments . 
  dae need for speed memories . 
  it 's literally banter gp . 
  nothing else is happening anyways . 
  sounds well minded , but i feel like this is n't going to end up well . 
  but hey , good for some people who only had tickets to saturday ... especially if they get to stay there ( whether it 's `` unofficially '' or not ) even for the race . 
  he 's at the track mate , man deserves some vacation . 
  i think ` molding ' the car to fit jenson 's drivingstyle is the least of all the fuckups mclaren has made . 
  i really doubt that massive performance loss was due to lewis leaving the team . 
  mclaren just lost it in all departments . 
  but i agree with the rest , he was lucky as hell with brawn . 
  lewis at least had to make some decision , jenson did n't have that many options and he was lucky that he got in the best possible seat . 
  how would he lobby for such thing whilst sitting in the car ? 
   the conditions just did n't seem that bad, 
  tv coverage is done in such way so that we can see alot of stuff despite hardcore conditions . 
  good example was in russia during feeder series practice session ( was it gp3 ? ), 
  - on tv camera it seemed like pretty okay , a bit dark , but okay conditions . 
  but then people took shots with less advanced cameras and you got to realise how pretty damn dark it was already . 
  anyways , conditions were bad . 
  mercedes boys collide , red bull gets their first and only win this year . 
  too bad it 's only going to be half points so hamilton gets wdc even though vettel tried his best to get ahead and close on him in championship . 
  heard it there first guys . 
  okay . 
  seriously , some fans these days ... 
  mercedes cap with rosberg and in front of williams . 
  ferrari cap in front of ferrari garage . 
  smooth . 
  who ? 
  that famous astronaut who also won some cycling competition or something ? 
  they get paid for standing there for 30 minutes and smiling into world feed camera in world class motorsport discipline . 
  poor things . 
  go and check out how motogp handles grid girls and podium girls if this triggers you op . 
  and yes , it 's even more fun to me , if you ask me . 
  you 're the real mvp . 
  i laughed my ass off when it happened . 
  and that look on paddy 's face afterwards was just a cherry on the top . 
  regarding championship : pretty damn good to end this championship . 
  congratulations to lewis , mercedes and their fans . 
  last year i wrote something along the lines `` next year though !, 
  '' ... guess i 'll have to say it again , next year though !, 
  thank you all for a good run in this season . 
  now that the tension is 100 % gone , let 's just enjoy the rest of the season . 
  regarding this race : quite a lot of retirements , kvyat has shown some lack of experience with top end fighting , as well as verstappen did ... yeah and well ... kimi is fucking useless , i 'm sorry , i just have no other way to describe my feelings about him . 
  remember when he said that he would like to help seb in the championship ? 
  well , guess what , you 'd need to drive like a proper champion first . 
  damn it . 
  not that i blame him for seb losing his chance ( that would be total nonsense ) , but even if ferrari improve their gap to mercedes , they will have it harder just because of kimster either being too slow or crashing . 
  sigh . 
  one thing to note is that seb probably felt that chance to win the championship was still there as he looked pretty dissapointed at the end , despite going 3rd from 13th . 
  makes me wonder how is he going to work out with ferrari in the future if he continues to finish on such position . 
  rosberg lost it by himself , even though he finally managed to overtake the guy on the track , he threw it away later on . 
  the only person he can be mad at is himself . 
  they cheered vettel . 
  yep , this race was a great example why mercedes does n't want to give them their power unit . 
  i was pretty damn hyped for kimi 's return , and he sort of delivered , even though i do n't deny that lotus was pretty decent car back in the days . 
  i sort of hopped on the renewed iceman hypetrain , but since late 2013 he was just bad . 
  every driver has a weaker year , may it be relative to their teammate or absolute in terms of crashes or points gained . 
  but he has been pretty consistent at being so bad since 2013 . 
  the only time he got to beat alonso was when his car broke down and the only time he got to beat vettel was when he massively screwed up in bahrain ( canada and belgium do n't count ) . 
  as much as vettel was trashed by ricciardo last year , the gap between the two was nowhere near as big as it was between raikkonen and alonso . 
  it 's not like he 's not trying or something , i definitely do n't question his motivation to race and try hard - but he just seems like he lost that spark he used to have . 
  yes , even at his peak he probably was n't absolute top driver , but he was good . 
  at least you could say that he was good . 
  you ca n't say that now . 
  on the other hand , i guess he 's exactly what vettel and ferrari want right now ... a number two driver that does n't show any threat to number one driver . 
  let 's just hope it wo n't cost them any championship in the future - especially if they are going to sign him past 2016 . 
  so i guess we can expect him to be announced this week , right ? 
  people just like to stirr some shit , would n't look too much into it . 
  this guy . 
  this guy is the future champion no matter what . 
  he just does n't stop impressing me . 
  damn it 's been a while since i heard of liuzzi . 
  it feels so long since he was in f1 ... 
  these two are definitely the best rookies f1 has seen since lewis . 
  big future ahead of them . 
  the most epic thing would be if honda somehow gained pace and joined this too . 
  could be the best season since 2010 . 
  jesus , i should rewatch 2010 sometime ... 
  the only thing it realistically says is that certain driver has made a good move though . 
  damn , that would be way too nasty . 
  of course honey . 
  it 's harder , not impossible . 
  does n't he have p2 written on almost every cap though ... 
  wrestling always is . 
  i think it 's just being a bit shy in front of cameras given the age difference and `` backstory '' ( keeping it private for long etc. ), 
  of their relationship . 
  sport should be about competition . 
  this is pre-scripted , not a real competition . 
  yes , wrestlers are very fit and know their shit , i 'm definitely not saying it 's easy , but it 's still more like special kind of theatre . 
  i like ( over ) saturated colors , so i edited photo from this year 's bahrain , added some filter to spice up sparkles and give it certain vibe ... and voila , there it is . 
  i 've been rocking this one for quite some while and i do n't really feel like changing it anytime soon . 
  [ here 's the pic ( do n't have original unedited one , sorry ) ] ( http://imgur.com/lh0tbyg ), 
  huh , that 's actually pretty surprising .
