  thanks !, 
  exactly what i thought of . 
  to op : but if you really want it , you might get lucky with support ticket - arenanet has really good support in terms of refunding stuff . 
  not sure how that would go with wardrobe , but hey - you can try it . 
  i am not sure about loading times , but i definitely have less significant framerate drops in heavily populated areas . 
  imo - less powerful cpu you have , the more this update helps . 
  guess it just shows how much arenanet cares about dungeons ... meh . 
  warriors , definitely . 
  you ca n't catch a full mobility warrior in wvw . 
  dance like mad !, 
  i think it 's pretty simple - wildstar is for hardcore players who are looking for something new , while guild wars 2 remains to be the best mmo for casuals ( and some exceptions , ofc . ) . 
  of course you 've seen just that - you 're mark 's fan . 
  woah ... i really need to get better . 
  i really do . 
  i miss that , because i liked selling them . 
  i do n't usually spend hours by trying out clothes next to my * wardrobe * , but when i do , it 's in guild wars 2 . 
  i love farming this guy for chances ... yet i hate not getting a drop . 
  :-p my farm-fight usually takes about 10-15 seconds , so good job . 
  imho that 's not his point . 
   sadly even level 80 players never learned to dodge, 
  first time i logged in after reset ... and that was on sunday . 
  that butthurt thief ... tell me about facerolling , permastealther . 
  warrior is n't that facerolly as some people who never actually played it claim . 
  especially not when you solo stuff like this - properly using dodges & skills does n't mean it 's automatically faceroll . 
  feel free to show us your naked warrior solo to prove your point . 
  the only right thing you say is that death knight really were super faceroll back in the days ( i do n't know about current state of wow ) . 
  exactly , if you time it well , you get way more grip in some corners using that ... even in a game the delay is noticeable . 
  he even had more points & chances for wdc before final race , but that race just was n't his best . 
  i 'm afraid that their friendship would n't work if they had championship winning car . 
  just seeing how tense the relationship between lewis & nico became ... i doubt that it would be different in rbr . 
  if it happens once , i can live with that ( everybody makes mistakes ) , but this happened at least five times during the whole race and every single time it was when there was interesting action on the track . 
  just ... why ? 
  i do n't think it 's going to work with guild wars 2 ... because : heavily story-based content & gem store ( can be hidden from ptr , but still ) . 
  you ca n't compare gw2 content to any other mmos content ( whether it 's good or bad thing ) and unless arenanet changes type of content they provide , ptr wo n't make much sense . 
  and me personally ? 
  i did n't care for ptr when i was playing wow , i do n't know why i should in guild wars 2 . 
  that 's not the point buddy - it is a challenge to coordinate a pug raid , but it definitely is n't a challenging fight speaking of individual skills . 
  if there are some people who know what to do , rest can literally faceroll and still get reward for their efforts . 
  he 's doing the dirty job for anet . 
  dungeons deserve more attention than they get in gw2 . 
  it 's sad that mmo game tends to almost ignore dungeons ... anyways , great concept , i really like that , but i doubt that arenanet is anytime soon going to implement it . 
  it really depends on how would you like to play pve . 
  warrior is n't necessarily boring , it 's just pretty easy . 
  elementalist , on the other hand is kinda hard to play , but that does n't automatically mean that it 's more fun to play . 
  it really depends . 
  it 's worth every penny , but do n't expect same experience you had in wow , it 's different and if you are into hardcore raiding and stuff like that , you just wo n't find satisfaction with gw2 . 
  there is endgame content , but it 's not even close to endgame content in wow and it really depends on you , if you take it as good or bad thing . 
  typical official forums ... 
  people always do forget about it - i remember pretty well how hated schumi or even fernando were back in the days . 
  just trying to picture a norn doing asura animations ... or asura running like charr . 
  it 's funny to picture these extremes , but the base idea sounds cool . 
  why downvotes ? 
  that 's some classy attitude towards players . 
  really hard not to like them . 
  oh come on buddy , other aaa mmos have daily repairs after content patches too . 
   it 's not like arenanet are worse , it 's just that they are not better . 
  i do n't think that it 's hyped . 
  just look at canada - both red bulls had no chance to overtake fi ( powered by mercedes ) on straight line , even with drs. 
  perfect example of double-edged sword . 
  i get that it 's nice to new/returning players , but they should n't advertise it as one-time purchase back in the days - it really forced some people into buying just because of that rarity ... which is gone now ( and that applies to more stuff ) . 
  i really believe he 's one of top 5 drivers from current starting grid . 
  he deserves it alot - great pace & mature driving . 
  nope , that is completely wrong man . 
  vertical means gaining more power ( not necessarily by grinding ) , while horizontal means going for skins , titles , minis , gold & stuff like that . 
  horizontal - no power gains . 
  it would be great in wvw and also in pve - giving players some exact progression ( unlike praying to rng gods ) is always good . 
  nobody ( except arenanet ) knows for sure , but according to recent changes announced with living story replayability and new achievement system ( no more old meta , almost-like-quest-grind achievements ) ... it seems like we are going to get more than just cutscenes and `` talking instances . '', 
  arenanet stated in livestream , that they are going to balance between classic open-world stuff and instances . 
  anyways - instances should be receiving more ingame space than they did before . 
  oh , they fixed tequatl ... awesome . 
  i was n't very annoyed by bug itself , but that sh * tstorm in chat every single time it happened was super-annoying . 
  thanks god . 
  overall - good patch . 
  ah , dem beta feels . 
  last year gw2 went on official sale three times , i guess ... or just two times ? 
  anyways - i really believe that there is going to be sale during second anniversary in late august . 
  sooner ? 
  probably not , maybe with season 2 start ? 
  just guessing . 
  100 % agree ... after all , combat log should just show everything connected with combat ... because , you know , it 's freaking combat log . 
  yeah , that 's what people want to read in thread about condition build . 
  thanks . 
  really good & fun stream , they did n't tell us anything about actual season 2 , but this background stuff from development is always interesting ... it was also nice to see some new faces from arenanet . 
  interesting , gw2 dying is probably the reason why i still have issues to get into organised raid overflows . 
  right ? 
  how about wow sales ? 
  does that mean that wow is dead too ? 
  you 're probably right about newcomers spending money on bag/bank slots , but that 's all . 
  also if people are very into pugs & unorganized running , it 's definitely better to go with some tanky equipment instead of going full zerk . 
  it depends , but in general , there is no useful space for tanking in pve . 
  wvw & spvp is different story . 
  wise words from wise man . 
  i am never going to forget 2012 brazil and this moment with fernando . 
  even though i am vettel fan , i felt kind of bad for him , just standing there and seeing sebastian winning again , after all that hard work with his ferrari ... strong moments . 
  that 's why i love this sport so much . 
  best definitely , but most beautiful ? 
  not really , but i get it - it 's all subjective . 
  just because there are bigger issues it means we ca n't talk about smaller ones ? 
  also `` you know '' is pretty popular . 
  especially vettel loves that phrase .
