  i 'll never be too old for that type of stuff . 
  oh yeah , i 've heard about him . 
  he 's member of that legendary punk group , is n't he !, 
  hopefully it will be online , i wo n't be able to watch it live . 
  for some reason i remember him as party-hard boy when it comes to his early years . 
  ca n't really say why though . 
  sometimes i like to use this argument too , but in the end , we all know that lewis just massively screwed up in 2011 and other than that he was better than jenson . 
  not by some huge margin , but he was . 
  jenson definitely deserves more recognition as a world champion , but i would still rate him maybe slightly higher than kimi ( speaking of currently racing champions ) , but nothing more . 
  ah , i actually agree with your point , i just messed up with words when i was writing it - i 'm not native speaker , so it happens more often than i would like . 
  i meant that lewis was better in general , not in 2011 . 
  jenson was hands down way better in 2011 . 
  all aboard once again !, 
  did n't kimi want that old package because he liked it more ? 
  serious question , i really think i 've read it somewhere , but i ca n't find it now . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  ferrari not improving was factor too , i think . 
  this wo n't end well , it 's the same thing when tv asks random people on the street about their opinion on politics and economy ... but i 'm still looking forward to it . 
  hamilton said the same thing like kimi . 
  is hamilton being kimi ? 
  i 'm starting to think that you 're bot or something . 
  wow , what ... i 'm czech and i did n't know that \u0160koda has ever made single-seater type of car . 
  that 's awesome , til . 
  for a second i thought that paddy lowe had some edgy comment on his driver ... but this ... meh . 
  gif with kimi leaving conference first ... whole thread talks about lewis and his style . 
  okay , guys ... you know that i 'm not really his fan or something , but this is ridiculous . 
  even most fans who are n't really jb fans are quite a bit his fans . 
  he 's just that kind of guy . 
  he replaced the most successful current driver in a team that used to be absolute top . 
  and yet they can be happy about being in top 10 when their car does n't break ... 
  i 'm not defending him , but i can see where is that kid 's annoyance coming from . 
  guess all that frustration has stacked up over time . 
  this one is the proper one though . 
  just move over the magazine one , they just wanted to get some bonus attention . 
  or they 've just grown into a company which can afford stage there . 
  just guessing though . 
  this . 
  in terms of straight compatibility , vettel and alonso in the same team would be so nasty that ham/alo combo would look like a fairytale . 
  i can never really see this happening , but yeah ... 
  vettel or button ama ? 
  i have boner just thinking about that . 
  first i thought the joke was about him not being there ... aha !, 
  fun edit , thumbs up . 
   i think i 'll just wait until they patch the crap out of this game and then i 'll buy it . 
  just for the sake of driving a f1 ( or fa ... whatever ) car at mount panorama ... 
  wow , that 's crazy ... how time has passed . 
  i still remember unboxing my pre-purchase copy , being so freaking hyped as it came just day before bwe . 
  while it was downloading i went to shop , bought two big red bull cans and some snacks and next day i spent entire night playing it with my two best friends . 
  game crashed like every 30 minutes , but damn it we really were enjoying ourselves . 
  first experience of the world , so many people around , dynamic events hype , running around with torch thinking how cool that weapon is , dodging for no reason just because it looked cool ... since then , i am the only one who did n't leave the game ... good times . 
  czech republic . 
  i know , enge is n't really high rated f1 driver , but it 's still the best we have as far as f1 goes . 
  silverwastes , luminiscent , carapace , no ? 
  hehe , i hoped somebody would notice that . 
  uh ... at first i was like `` why is villeneuve in photo with kimi and minttu '' ... i hate my brain now . 
  overly dramatized and blown out of proportion by people , who seem to have nearly no knowledge about this stuff and they just felt like they could earn some good bucks by siting on fragile privacy topic . 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  i do n't know guys . 
  these wheels seem a bit off to me . 
  guess i could get used to it , but i 'd much rather stay with current size . 
  so red bull does have good aero after all . 
  hopefully their engines wo n't blow up tomorrow , could be interesting considering they managed to split ferraris , although it 's fair to say that kimi was ( again ... ) very well off seb 's quali pace , so ferrari 's race pace can be better than red bull 's . 
  fom would take it down in 5 minutes if it was fullscreen . 
  my butt clenched when i saw that . 
  i thought he was going to crash it ... really sweet warm-up moves . 
  basically , yeah . 
  i do n't exactly know how it works , even though i tried to find some more technical juice few months ago about it ... but it seems like fom simply uses [ content id ] ( https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2797370 ) . 
  no wonder google does n't really tell us details about technological background as it could also show us possible ways of going around it ... this border trick seems to do the work though . 
  at least until somebody manually reports it . 
  we 've been there last year - hockenheim blamed seb for turning off the crowd . 
  all i can say is ... are you fucking serious ? 
  i 'm not german , but i 've been there few times and every single german i talked with about f1 knew and liked vettel , even though they were n't 100 % into f1 or motorsports in general . 
  this right there , is just pure bernie-style bullshit . 
  so you guys still think australian gp was boring ? 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm usually not that guy who checks on social media during race , but this time i just could n't help myself . 
  what the fuck was that . 
  i 'm feeling bad for lewis . 
  all i can think of is too bad that vettel did n't succeed with his undercut ... 
  i 'll be honest there , i 'm very , very surprised how classy he acts after this . 
  i know i would be furious as hell , it must be tough to behave calm in such situation . 
  very impressive considering his reputation from the past ... i 'm starting to root for matured hamilton . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  they gave him 100 million euros or something just to screw him over . 
  seems absolutely legit . 
  especially wonderful are those who think rosberg actually called hamilton into pits . 
  who ? 
  this line . 
  i had small smile during the entire video , but this line . 
  this line brought tears to my eyes . 
  oh my god , michael with 9 wdc 's ... even 7 seems like pretty unreal number already . 
  his ( first ) f1 ending always stroke me as a bit shady thing , although i 'm not really a conspiracy guy , there was something fishy - i doubt it was just michael being afraid of young kimster . 
  i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  at least you have gf that likes f1 though !, 
  hmm , remind me , when does nico 's contract expire ? 
  they praised him for his performance in practices [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/mercedesamgf1/status/601321216645947392 ) and then they posted [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/mercedesamgf1/status/602463575400128512 ) for example ... flirty on both sides i would say . 
  there was more , these are just two bits i favorited on twitter so i accessed them fast . 
  toto also praised him on press conference iirc . 
  massa has ton of experience , one near wdc and some good wins , and still makes stupid mistakes and crashes from time to time . 
  here we fucking go .
