  it just kinda developed over time . 
  although i think the real turning point was monza 2008 , so i guess some part of it is that one performance that gets you hooked . 
  when he joined ferrari it just amplified because i grew up watching the michael , and vettel is pretty much a continuation of that legacy as they shared mentor - student relationship . 
  well , if you look how ferrari and schumacher murdered everybody else in their prime ... it 's not even close . 
  i ca n't see any other scenario , this is the best way to go around it . 
  even simple safety car will be good enough to catch up if they time tyre change well , although red flag would be even bigger of a boost . 
  actually picked him as dotd for today in predictions contest , fast dude starting from back on track where strategy is super simplistic is an automatic choice . 
  even button himself said that he did n't miss f1 lol . 
  no story there . 
  multi-57 incoming boys . 
  prepare for greatest f1 shitstorm since spa 2016 . 
  holy shit what a relief when he talked into radio . 
  i expect nothing but calm discussions and commentaries on all social media up until canada . 
  first half was pretty dull , then it got actually interesting . 
  glad that wehrlein walked away from that , it did n't look nice at all . 
  about that ferrari call ... yeah ... 
  i do n't know if that was race fixing or not , but if so - hate me all you want , it was reasonable and kimi 's win was sacrificed for greater good from vettel 's wdc chances point of view . 
  if he did n't have half of vettel 's points by the time monaco gp started , they could have handled it differently . 
  just saying . 
  hamilton played it safer than i expected , that 's a bit underwhelming , but whatever , he was driving with his head . 
  interesting strategy call by red bull , they sacrificed one driver to get a podium with another , well executed . 
  dotd is just a lols award for a bit of fun , it does n't matter at all . 
  calm down and pick your favorites in hot/not here . 
  i wo n't write my own comment since i mostly agree with yours . 
  i 'd just like to add that force india was extremely underwhelming , definitely a bad team candidate as well . 
  although not as bad as retiring both cars or reliability problem . 
  yeah , perez was angry as fuck for almost entire race . 
  he resisted the hype train bravely , but it was only matter of time . 
  why ? 
  nothing wild is happening regarding hamilton . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/6dtv99/2017_monaco_gp_hot_or_not_rate_drivers_teams_and/ ), 
  i wish it was stickied after race as this way you have to search for it through new posts every time - naturally it gets lost a bit in all those streamable posts . 
  haha , he 's not wrong . 
  that 's exactly a way to get ahead of ai in games . 
  ai will usually just move aside for you though ( unless you 're playing pcars where they will fucking kill you before you even reach rascasse ) . 
  poor xbox be like `` we have forza !, 
  and f1 too ! '', 
  what sort of `` honesty '' are we talking about ? 
  could you provide summed up translation ? 
  pretty please . 
  that sounds okay consideirng his situation , he had right to be furious about it . 
  it 's over at indy sub . 
  he should 've pulled away in first stint then . 
  no shit . 
  they are so high quality too , last time i 've seen a helmet cam in f1 it looked like shit , but this is really good . 
   but then i guess same could be said by ferrari . 
  exactly . 
  this is my first time watching espn ( or abc ? ) ... 
  the advertising game is strong . 
  i know right ? 
  tuned in just for a moment as i already spent alot of time watching f1 and i need to study ... still watching lol . 
  i 'll study later , this is too good to skip . 
  does n't really matter as long as he is so much faster than raikkonen tbh . 
  same stuff was said about alonso 's contract in ferrari . 
  did it really matter against massa ? 
  or raikkonen ? 
  you get the idea . 
  wow , running around full speed for one more lap with frontwing in such state . 
  not . 
  want . 
  absolutely , he got very lucky with that caution . 
  pepsi . 
  i 'm european and coke is made here tho . 
  maybe us coke tastes better . 
  honda engine problem . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  just because of all that shit that went against him in f1 i wanted him to get a great result there , even though i 'm a hard fan of his rivals in f1 ... never felt more gutted for him . 
  this just sucks . 
  he did great though . 
  he has a race to be proud of , hopefuly he 'll come back next year . 
  i almost cried . 
  seriously , what the fuck honda . 
  this is some amazing racing i have to say . 
  i 'll tune in to indy more . 
  at least we have another f1 guy winning it . 
  something like `` comments here will be very interesting . '', 
  how can anybody be so stupid . 
   do n't want a tyrant with thin skin having any control over it, 
  it 's not the mods problem . 
  it 's problem that shitposters take reddit waaaaaay too seriously and then when mod acts against them they act like shitposting is some kind of basic right on the same level of free speech . 
  it 's not . 
  notice : shitposting includes reposts and stuff that 's against rules , such as freaking indy spoilers, 
  he was too good to just call it quits after first try . 
  yeah . 
  and to be absolutely clear , ** there is nothing wrong about that . 
  ** it 's logical and it 's the best way to maximize results . 
  mercedes had the comfort of letting their drivers race freely as they had such a big advnatage before , they do n't have that anymore and so they 're going to use team orders as well - ** which is absolutely fine . 
  i do n't hate hamilton or mercedes for approaching it this way . 
  they would be dumb not to do it . 
  but i really hate this `` lewis is n't number 1 driver and mercedes has no preference . '', 
  i may have been true before , but times have changed . 
  especially when lewis himself tries to paint it like vettel is somehow inferior when he has clear number 1 status . 
  in general people on internet call censorship on stuff that is n't even a censorship . 
  when i block some retard on twitter it does n't mean that i am censoring his opinion and option to express that opinion , it just means that i am not interested in his opinions - equivalent to situation in bar : if i sit at the bar and some dude keeps annoying me , i 'll just go and sit elsewhere . 
  not censorship . 
  and to call subreddit mod who just enforces rules ( which is his job ) a tyrant is whole new level of stupidity . 
  barrichello = 11 letters, 
  vettel 's titles so far = 4, 
  schumacher 's titles = 7,
