  huh , it has over 600 upvotes and is on the frontpage . 
   this . 
  if they are giving out separate keys , i 'd prepurchase without a doubt . 
  what would you do with it ? 
  alt account ? 
  what 's the point of having one , especially when it would be only base game account ? 
  if they did it like you say , you would just find another excuse for not buying the expac . 
  i 'll buy it . 
  that porsche hybrid is n't made for f1 under it 's regulations . 
  fair enough , i check news only on some subs too . 
  he sadi that mika was the only driver he was ever afraid of . 
  legends . 
  thanks for this op . 
  i really wanted to write same post , but i just could n't figure any way of doing so without being super super rude towards some ... people . 
  and even after this crazy shitstorm , i kind of like this sub , so i did n't want to get banned . 
  monza would explode , especially after last year . 
  i can dream . 
  recently ? 
  williams . 
  the team had pretty awful times , but since 2014 they are definitely up there for a podium battle . 
  of course superior mercedes power unit did help , but in the end it was n't just that . 
  by the same logic you can apply blame on everybody who was in the f1 by the time senna died . 
  you know , he would n't die if there was nobody racing with him . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  i feel rather weird about this track . 
  i kind of like it , but i also kind of find it rather boring ... ca n't really explainy why . 
  the scenery is absolutely amazing though , i like the up-and-down character of the track too . 
  well written , thanks op . 
  you were racing a formula bmw car against son of f1 & motogp champion ? 
  huh ? 
  you 're professional racing driver ? 
  do you still race and if so , where ? 
  how was it like being in a formula bmw ? 
  sorry ... i just get overly excited sometimes . 
  wow , okay . 
  still pretty awesome story , thanks for sharing . 
  i still do n't get this sudden dislike towards f1 . 
  i really do n't . 
  it 's been like this since 2011 or something and suddenly this year everybody flips out how bad the state of f1 is . 
  what is it ? 
  seriously . 
  the only thing i really think needs fixing is the way money is distributed between the teams . 
  so stop acting like somebody is forcing you to buy it . 
  people act like arenanet is holding gun towards their head . 
  also kinda funny that you say `` misguided sense of loyalty '' - because that perfectly describes the way this community reacted to arenanet 's deal on hot . 
  i do n't think this particular case is editoralising . 
  he took that article 's title and followed it by his own question aimed towards us . 
  my guess ? 
  around williams level . 
  i sort of agree , but i honestly think alonso 's performance peak came later during his ferrari times . 
  i would certainly be interested in that duel now , but i would n't really know who to bet on . 
  probably on hamilton , but just because i like him more . 
  huh ? 
  you can say the same about nearly any race when rosberg is within 2 seconds gap behind hamilton too ... which ultimately is nearly every race as of late . 
  hehe , me neither , but in the end i like him more . 
  as usual then . 
  i passed my physics exam, 
  hypeeeee, 
  \\ #blessed, 
  does n't market as good as being number one though . 
  that 's what he thrives for . 
  finally a wec driver who does n't cicrlejerk about it . 
  what a great guy . 
  it does n't happen often , but this time the kimi joke just made burst with laughter . 
  cheers . 
  use \\ before the hashtag . 
  and congratulations !, 
  i still need to finish one subject , but i can already say that everything went better than expected , because physics is by far the toughest subject too . 
  dat deathstare doe . 
  man , i really hate kotaku and their bs . 
  but it 's a huge website and this can certainly hurt the game in public image . 
  150 $ collectors edition with colin statue . 
  11/10 guild wars 2 players would buy . 
  he got the feels attack . 
  for once i have to agree with massa . 
  he nailed this perfectly . 
  dat charrmobile . 
  did you also downvote all those posts which were mindlessly raging against arenanet ? 
  i 'm sorry but most people acted in many ways but mature . 
  as subtle as possible . 
  love it . 
   please bring back the paddock and add warm up laps, 
  am i really the only one who does n't care about this stuff ? 
  i would honestly skip it if there was any option to do so . 
  i want a racing game , not entire pilot 's job simulator . 
  especially speaking about that paddock stuff ... 
  interesting , never heard of this website ... added it to my bookmarks and checked into comments . 
  thanks for a giveaway . 
  i do n't get it . 
  explain please . 
  funnily enough , i thought the same . 
  how ... just ... how . 
  ricciardo would 've been the best option if they want the best ( probably ? ), 
  available driver . 
  if not ricciardo , then probably hulk , whose stock went quite high after le mans . 
  vergne might be an option too , but i do n't think he 's as good as some people think he is . 
  everybody else ( not counting * for sure * in contracted drivers ) would 've been more or less a driver 2 to sebastian , for which i do n't really see any reason why would n't they just keep kimi for that . 
  this is a quali lap . 
  who the hell would lift and coast during a quali lap ? 
  not even drivers in present .
