  rb13 unlucky for some, 
  there 's no way around it m8 , math checks out . 
  we stand here amidst my achievements . 
  these penalties exist to avoid teams using one engine per session ( and such other extremes ) , which leads to even bigger advantages to big teams and even steeper money spending . 
  i 'm not a fan of it , especially since it 's probably going to affect my favorite driver considerably ... but i can see why it 's implemented . 
  if they would relax those regulations a bit to more units though ... 
  about 900 % less . 
  i bet some will watch anyways , myself included , but it wo n't be as many . 
  alonso hype was real . 
  old wounds from schumi dominance era are opening again . 
  hearing german-italian anthem after race is double-edged sword . 
  i 'm mostly sarcastic , although there 's a bit of cynism in me to be honest . 
  it 's also that kimi is one of the most popular drivers in the world , and as much as most journalists try to look unbiased , we all know it 's nearly impossile to not have at least slight preference . 
  they are people and fans of the sport as much as we are . 
  that was a major fuckup and mercedes got roasted rightfuly . 
  not even remotely close to what happened yesterday . 
  i 'm pretty damn sure ferrari wants to win wdc too . 
  it did n't affect wcc at all , yes , but why not maximise your chances in both championships instead of in one ? 
  not to mention that kimi was slow and would have lost no matter if he pitted earlier or later . 
  vettel would have obliterated him by the very moment he had a bit of clean air in front of him . 
  there 's data for that everywhere , only biggest fanboys deny it at this point . 
  if he was as fast as some people say he could have pulled away in first stint . 
  he did n't . 
  get over it . 
  mclaren also made ridiculous amount of mistakes in pitstops iirc . 
  not . 
  yet . 
  lol this is as far fetched as it can actually get . 
  hughes was speculating about grand conspiracy since the very beginning . 
  clear confirmation bias . 
  especially when you think about his reasoning :, 
  going slower on purpose makes no sense for raikkonen , if he actually pulled away he would force team to reconsider it and if you ask me , raikkonen is n't exactly the kind i 'd expect to pull out weird `` slow-down on purpose '' moves just because he 's grumpy . 
  if he was driving slowly on purpose , as hughes claims , he was just increasing vettel 's overcut chances . 
  again - makes no sense . 
  raikkonen is n't stupid , he knows that . 
  i am clearly biased as well , but data is with me and so i dare to call absolute bullshit on this . 
  yeah , there never even was a alonso-rbr story to begin with . 
  quality journalism . 
  kimi could have pulled away when he had clean air in front of him for entire first stint then . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  kimi was n't really `` stretching away '' , they had about 2-3 seconds consistent gap between them all the time . 
  vettel was just managing the gap so that he does n't have to run in hot air and high turbulence . 
  you 're the one making these ? 
  i 'd just like to say that i 've been following it for seasons now and i love it . 
  great job , f1 needs stuff like this as well . 
  back in those days i was still discussing f1 on our local forums and there was legit serious thread about whether vettel is gay exactly because of that hair style - and the fact that his trainer ( or whatever that guy was ) had the same color as well . 
  i hated those guys . 
  whenever i remember that forum i just realise how much i love this sub . 
  gentlemen, 
  dude makes cheeky remark and some are losing their shit here for some reason lol . 
  what 's the point of arguing whether kanaan is worse than hamilton or less famous or whatever . 
  hamilton 's remark may have been true , but it was n't nice . 
  this was appropriate comeback . 
  i do n't really see reason why is there such heated discussion lol . . 
  i did n't know that i wanted to watch jcb racing . 
  now i do . 
  i 'm still relatively new to apple tbh . 
  ipad mini 2 , still have it , still use it . 
  since then i also got a mac and i am currently thinking of switching from android to ios . 
  i want to shred through that corner complex in rb6 again !, 
  some wounds just do n't heal . 
  `` not bad for a number 2 driver '' kind of place . 
  i think you might be a bit overestimating how much wheelbase length matters . 
  that being said , it 's gon na be close af . 
  lost it as if driver made the mistake or car just pooped itself ? 
  because if latter counts as well , last year 's malaysian gp was pretty significant for entire championship . 
   probably a lewis fan who feels like he does n't get the recognition he feels lewis deserves when compared to alonso . 
  lol , he just stated his opinion . 
  disagree with it all you want , but he did n't mention hamilton even once even though he certainly could have considering he talked about mclaren situation ... 
  i used to follow big vettel fan group for some time ... then i just gave up lol . 
  most of it is just photos of him on random occassions with crazy weird comments full of hearts and `` i love his smile '' type of stuff . 
  also one girl on twitter ... 
  i ca n't remember her name now , but she is posting some wild shit about vettel . 
  stuff like `` i 'd let him open my drs anytime . '', 
  and such lol , on almost daily basis . 
  best part is that she was followed by renault and mclaren . 
  some fans are weird . 
  i always get so confused . 
  red five = vettel in ferrari and also luke . 
  longer hair button . 
  the kind of hair he had back when he was still driving for honda . 
  that 's exactly how i would want to look like . 
  bachelor 's degree finals next week . 
  never studied as hard as i did for last 2 weeks . 
  hopefuly all goes well and i 'll just contine with master 's degree studies later this year . 
  exactly . 
  they have that sexy aggressive look to them . 
  it 's almost as if they wanted to take a star destroyer and make a racing version of it lol . 
  even the fact that they actually had some colors on them and were n't just plain grey adds to the vibe . 
  absolutely my favorite spaceship design . 
  that 's not banter , that 's just idiocy . 
  you the same retard as vettelissimo ? 
  reporterd - i hope you get banned fast . 
  no need to start pointless bad emotions betwen lh and sv fans . 
  out of all possible defend tactics for stroll she went for one that is so easy to brush off with hard evidence lol . 
  he 's stronger than i honestly expected . 
  he seems to handle car well even when it 's not in it 's optimal working window , something that makes lewis struggle slightly more . 
  and i mean that in least offensive way against lewis , do n't get mad at me please . 
  we might need a megathread at this pace . 
  i do n't care that much for those tbh , i know that tyres get hot .
