  the amount of young talent is amazing . 
  we might be witnessing start of another great era with vandoorne , verstappen , stroll , gasly or wehrlein . 
  add new sexy looking cars into the mix , new owner who seemingly plans to make the sport more approachable again and we might have a blast for next 15 years . 
  eh , from the article it seems like russell is talking out of his ass basically . 
  he has no proof , just made a jab at prema and claiming that his team does n't do that . 
  i 'll take that with solid grain of salt if there is no further evidence . 
  for all we know he could just be bitter with stroll for some reason . 
  i 'm open to be proved otherwise though . 
  death star seems like that kind of drink you 'd want if you want to get smashed and not remember shit the next day . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  i watch compilations like this when i want to watch some star wars but do n't have enough time . 
  just him though . 
  and some other wannabe movie hipsters . 
  if i want to convince my friends to watch star wars i first of all make sure they ignore idiotic comments like yours . 
  works everytime . 
  do n't cut yourself with that edge, 
  alright , now i can somewhat see what you 're talking about . 
  next lap the guy just kinda gave up , that lift without inside covering seemed pretty odd ... if he had lost some speed on that section entry by accident i 'd expect stroll to get ahead sooner . 
  i do n't like conspiracies in general , but this seems like he really did let him past . 
  it could be a team order based on what i 've just seen ... they do n't publish all radio communication afterwards right ? 
  apple . 
  prepared *, 
  mac and ipad user with android phone here . 
  i used to think that general appeal of ios is more or less based on apple being `` the cool kids '' brand . 
  then i got myself and ipad and it 's great . 
  i mean , some stuff i find better on android side of things , especially in keyboard department ( poor autocorrect and spelling check in my native language ) . 
  but besides few little things i can definitely understand the appeal of ios . 
  for more than a year i never even for a moment though that i need to do a maintenance of that tablet . 
  something quite unthinkable on my android phone ( and trust me , i love android for what it is as well ) . 
  then i switched to mac as i wanted to learn ios development ( already know some android dev stuff ) ... and boy it 's really just the same story . 
  no maintenance , everything is way more seamless compared to other platforms . 
  and that 's with pretty much the cheapest laptop apple offers , ca n't imagine what the experience is like if i had money for high-tier rmbp . 
  now iphones are tad too expensive in my country so i 'll probably stick with android for some time , but maybe one day ... there 's definitely something about what apple is doing . 
  even though android has it 's big pros as well , especially for hardcore powerusers . 
  you mean indiana jones ? 
  the time until download just randomly jumps between more and less time left without progressbar actually moving . 
  i love it . 
  but never call him junior !, 
  / / damn i need to watch some indy now, 
  still damn good situation for op though . 
  i 'm fine with living in the past then . 
  i bought lotus branded rexona and red bull can with rb9 on it once instead of regular brands i buy . 
  they cost the same as my regular brands though so ... 
  let 's just say i 'm not bernie 's favorite f1 fan . 
  solid recovery for sure . 
  on singapore it 's not that easy to get back into solid positions and he still managed to do so . 
  every driver has shitload of fans in japan . 
  wish all fans around the world were like japanese fans . 
  amazing nation . 
  why ask like that . 
  i 'd expect this to be the exact type of information they get from anonymous usage stats . 
  that 's how reddit works in it 's basic principles . 
  stupid comments get downvoted . 
  stop using it if it offends you . 
  try to search for some server ips on the web , i played it like a half year ago and had no problem finding a game . 
  it was on windows but iirc cod has same servers for both platforms ( right ? 
  all my most unpopular opinions boil down to the fact that i actually like prequels or lucas , to expand on this :, 
  1 ) i like prequels , i think most people bash them just because it 's a meme based on uninformed `` review '' that just went for comedy value and bashes even those parts that are actually decent even from objective movie standpoints . 
  most people who actually keep on hating prequels and make sure to remind everybody about it are just trying to be edgy yet then their top 10 movies list would include way worse movies than any prequel movie . 
  2 ) original trilogy has many flaws as well and no i 'm not talking about ageing visuals . 
  i 'm talking some of mark hammil 's acting , some dialogues and some stuff such as ewoks . 
  also kinda relies to my first paragraph - i genuinely think that most people who bash prequels for their flaws should as well bash ot ... but they do n't , cause that 's not col enough . 
  esb is the best fantasy/scifi/adventure movie of all time though . 
  3 ) i like political aspects that prequels provided and i think tfa could have been better had some politics were included in the movie . 
  overall despite i really really really love tfa and this general star wars revival ( it 's like being a kid again ) , i think they played it overly safe and i hope that episode 8 brings back something that every star wars movie nailed perfectly before - expanding on universe , ideas and generally just being very original in certain ways . 
  4 ) seeing tie-fighters and x-wings in 2015 style was great nostalgia and all , but it also just kinda feels weird that the technology did n't really improve that much whilst during `` lucas era '' we got new original shit here and there in every single movie . 
  say what you want about lucas and his dialogue writing , but he never recycled his ideas and always wanted to provide something new and expand on the universe . 
  the only thing like that in tfa seems like that is concept of scrapping the sith ideology for knights of ren approach . 
  obi-wan vs. vader mustafar fight ( cutting out dialogue and such should make it fit into 5 minutes ) . 
  i love lightsaber battles , this to me is the epitome of lightsaber battles . 
  i do n't care if people do n't like rope swinging , flips or that scene where they just swing swords in air ( there are lore explanations anyways ) ... it all just looks cool , i am enjoying myself every single time i am watching it and during that it also is able to expand on some strong emotions . 
  vader 's immolation gets me everytime . 
  honorable mentions : final luke vs. vader , rey 's introduction scene , podracing , order 66 , hoth battle and coruscant space battle . 
  so now that all big names amongst drivers are set in we are starting silly season for big names amongst technical stuff ? 
  good . 
  i also hope seb wins this championship . 
  it 's the same level of dreaming essentially . 
  he could 've caught hamilton and got second place . 
  had it not been for dumb strategy he would have won that race . 
  big difference . 
  yes he screwed up later on , but his team 's screwup forced him into that pushing position . 
  once usb-c is standard and there are enough good headphones , yes . 
  that 's my main criticism of apple 's approach anyways . 
  i do n't care about jack itself , i care about some standard . 
  lightning is proprietary . 
  damn , f1 banter is so strong today . 
  we need a driver with proper mustache . 
  for a second i was flipped that they actually made some voice acted remasters or something and i just missed on all those games or whatever . 
  phew . 
  same here , but i still consider these games quite enjoyable , and that 's coming from me - a guy whose last arcade game besides lego games was rayman 2 . 
  when i like the movies the lego game is based on , i am surely going to play through it sooner or later , they still provide great relaxing fun . 
  come on . 
  no need to stir up shit when there 's no shit to begin with . 
  i heard he won a race or two as well . 
  good on him !, 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  he raced in the era with the fastest cars so far and he handled it well . 
  probably does n't even count as he actually got into f1 , but still ... 
  prost left f1 after he joined them and then when he came back into f3000 he got positive weed tests in a year during which he was about to win the damn championship ... you get the idea . 
  calm down lol , that 's not what he 's saying .
