  i think it was 2012 abu dhabi . 
  f1 might be kinda cooler about it relative to other sports , but not exactly effortless and casual as afuzzyduck said . 
  is it just me or does leia on the second one kinda look like padm\u00e9 ? 
  cyborg version of darth maul . 
  or something . 
  it sounds reasonable given what was said and what we know . 
  but honestly ... 
  i do n't want this to happen . 
  please , just make rey independent of previous characters . 
  at first i was all in to make her another skywalker , but come on now ... it 's kinda ridiculous if every single lead character is somehow related to other lead characters . 
  [ rogue one leaked spoilers ] ( / s `` they are even doing this in rogue one for god 's sake !, 
  it 's getting old . '' ), 
  we have this huge universe with xyz planets and yet it seems like the only characters in sequels that are not anyhow related are finn and poe . 
  for now lol . 
  there are better ways to introduce some internal conflict to characters , ways that do n't seem like lazy repeating of what has already been done . 
  it 's definitely on my list as i am slowly going through new canon novels . 
  love how people are now slowly starting to call it `` original six '' rather than differentiating between ot and pt . 
  just saying , it 's not the first time i 've seen it . 
  it 's a nice change considering how some people were pretty loud about prequelst not being star wars at all . 
   description : ... it helps the scene for the better ... 
  yeah ... it does n't . 
  come on , it 's nice that he is able to openly admit this . 
  i think they get along just okay . 
  do n't look too much into it . 
  i wish he could see last year 's malaysia . 
  that jakku shot with crashed star destroyer ... when i saw that in trailer , i immediately knew i was sold . 
  still by far my favorite in tfa . 
  i think it 's very close between all top drivers . 
  he 's not doing anything to him . 
  nor he said anything against him . 
  one can have an opinion on religion and yet still not doing anything to those who believe in it . 
  seriously , what 's up with these posts recently . 
  why am i getting australia flashbacks . 
  yep , still having australia flashbacks . 
  just why ffs ... 
  ferrari sure hates winning . 
  honestly surprised seb was n't pissed off after the race . 
  anyways , well driven by mr. hamilton , he deserved this win . 
  i am struggling to be happy about this second place , but at least sebastian matched mercedes pace . 
  good sign . 
  which could also easily explain why rio never won despite that crazy indonesia crowd . 
  vpn could get the job done though ... if anybody actually wants to bother with it because of dotd ... 
  seb 's start was when i was pretty much decided to vote him dotd no matter what . 
  but his mistakes during final stint were kinda pointless . 
  bottas had a good race but i do n't really care , he was invisible and there are other drivers that did more exciting job imo . 
  with that in mind i voted verstappen , he had a decent start and his defense was absolutely on point . 
  against a car that was at that point - what , a second and half faster ? 
  save it . 
  oh you think reddit is bad ? 
  check out facebook or twitter buddy . 
  you 'll learn to love this place . 
  at least they are original , right ... 
  not sure why did you get downvoted , it really is him . 
  fun guy . 
  the girl sitting next to him ( alzbeta trojanova ) explained on twitter that it was unprepared , they just kinda went shopping before the conference and mikolas thought that it could be fun . 
  he was n't wrong . 
  nope . 
  that was mikolas tucek , czech game journalist . 
  remembrer 2011 guise, 
  that 's all i want tbh . 
  not the youngest wdc . 
  yet . 
  i do n't really mind the screen on airs and thicknes is n't an issue . 
  to me , air is a great compromise between heavy and pricey ( in my country at least ) pro and light and pricey macbook . 
  more ports and power are nice convenience too . 
  apple certainly will phase out air , i have no doubts about that , but until that happens , i would still rather have a skylake i5 air . 
  final sector has really good flow . 
  but man that 's a long straight . 
  he 's right though . 
  he has a mclaren flair and vettel was n't very nice towards their car . 
  it 's understandable he got a bit salty . 
  downvotes suck , and i am not defending it - but you really posted this on the worst occassion as during baku driver conference they were really cool with each other and even exchanged some words and smiled off the microphone . 
  whatever happens alot of people are going to be mad and alot of people are going to be happy as well . 
  so ... yeah . 
  we 're on the same boat - kind of . 
  personally i am waiting , my personal deadline is iphone keynote ( last year it was in september i think ) . 
  if you need it now , just buy it . 
  my next semester starts in late september and until then i do n't really need a new laptop ( old lenovo , looking forward to either rmbp or mba 13 ) , so i am waiting whether apple comes up with something by then . 
  might even wait for iphone launch keynote as they could announce new lineup there as well ... 
  that being said , my current laptop still works and can last me a few more months until apple finally shows something . 
  if that 's not your case and you need a laptop now , just go for it . 
  macbooks do n't lose their value so much anyways , so with relatively small addition you can sell it later and buy new model . 
  f1  wec, 
  i think you really just ca n't say either way . 
  we just do n't know and never will know . 
  nobody really cares about wec apart from it 's commentators and people over at / r/wec . 
  and it 's not even summer break yet . 
  this is going to be a fun sunday . 
  lewis pushing from 10th , starting on somewhat flattened tyres from that lockup ... ricciardo vs vettel hype ( omg same time ) and p\u00e9rez likely being pumped after todays performance . 
  also , everybody kind of makes so many mistakes it 's almost ridiculous . 
  baku is tricky . 
  man how i wish seb could replicate his magic start again . 
  that would be all kinds of awesome . 
  very uncharacteristic quali from him today , he was all over the place . 
  reminded me of vettel in mexico last year . 
  his push forward is going to be fun . 
  lewis himself said that it was n't about it . 
  apologising for beeped out language ? 
  really ? 
  hey i agreed with what hamilton said ( for the media and his image it seems ) , but this is hypocritical af .
