  everybody loves ricciardo . 
  at the risk of sounding like even hipsterier asshole , i think it 's entirely country independent . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  well , from certain point of view ... just destroying the sith would leave force unbalanced as it would again be stronger with light . 
  10 000 jedi you say against 0 sith ? 
  not fair , got ta even the grounds a bit before force is balanced . 
  as i said ... from certain point of view . 
  it 'll do . 
  rebel scu ... scrooges !, 
  obiwan is going to kill him . 
  he saves her trying to convince her to join him . 
  she disagrees and force pushes him , kylo loses his saber and she grabs it . 
  all mad she stabs him and finishes her path to the dark side . 
  fakes it in front of resistance and goes to luke to 1v1 him . 
  after epic battle she gets rekt and dies . 
  luke decides it 's about time he put snoke in his place . 
  in next movie . 
  my preferences go in this order :, 
  i 'd be ecstatic with vettel taking it . 
  i 'd be very happy with either ricciardo or alonso taking this one too . 
  preferences in that particular order . 
  i 'd be just happy with button or raikkonen taking it . 
  i 'd be very neutral about vandoorne taking it , nothing against the guy , but yeah ... 
  i do n't care for him at this point . 
  might change next year . 
  i 'd have some serious alonso-fans-esque reactions like they had in 2010 or 2012 if verstappen wins it . 
  the fact remains that vettel has more dnfs than kimi and one of kimi 's dnfs is caused by his own driving mistake . 
  that ca n't be said about any of seb 's dnfs . 
  pretty important part of equation unless you are trying to skew facts to fit your agenda ... which ... haha ... nevermind . 
  even if you do n't account for spa and china as these were `` unfair '' to kimi , vettel should have been ahead anyways . 
  i find your argument rather funny though - when kimi is on the outside and has space to leave for seb , seb is still at fault . 
  now in spa it 's the otherwise and seb is still at fault ( certainly more so there ) . 
  also rather lovely how in both scenarios you conveniently ignore divebombing red bull car that triggered the entire situation on both sides . 
  i had a deal for new 8gb ram one at ( approx currency conversion ) 750 usd with 3 year warranty . 
  solid deal . 
  for full price ? 
  not so much . 
  it 's still a very solid computer , but it 's price really should dropped to justify it compared to pro 's and 12 retina . 
  not to take anything from those big balls fellas from the old times , but i really believe most current drivers would crush most of them . 
  they 'd need to get used to old cars , yeah . 
  but sport has become way more professional and athletic in last 15 years . 
  if vettel fans survived during that 4 years period , max fans will do just as fine . 
  he just needs to stab jos and then get rekt on track by some girl who gets into an f1 car for the first time . 
  carmen jord\u00e1 , now it 's your time to shine . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  they have their moments , but people are exagerating for the sake of memes most of the time . 
  heck it 's many times better than my local coverage , i watch it only when spending weekend at my parents as my dad is a huge f1 fan , but does n't know english ... 
  i have my issues with sky as well , but it 's not even remotely that bad . 
  not just us . 
  media in general are overly sensitive , across the globe . 
  are you for real ? 
  people backed hamilton 's middle finger towards gutierrez , he freaking deserved it . 
  get a grip before making such claims . 
  not exactly aimed at gunther ( i believe he 's just backing his driver ) , but rather generally at these types of people :, 
  i grew up in a small village in the middle of nowhere with people using swear words all the time . 
  it 's pretty regular . 
  yet still my parents were good enough to explain to me that it 's not cool to use them all the time . 
  so ... stop being so oversensitive and putting blame for your poor parentning elsewhere . 
  if you are capable parent , you should be able to handle this with ease even if they see middlefingers on daily basis . 
  just saying . 
  most do n't , probably . 
  i do and i do n't even understand or care about technical details , i just like the idea of f1 being the absolutely technological top - i know that arguably wec lmp1 engines are quite magnificent too , but that should n't take away what f1 does anyways . 
  sure , good ol' v10 is next level shit in terms of atmosphere , but i still find going forward as the better way . 
  though he may have a point that lifting some regulations such as flow limits and such could make it simpler for fans ... and maybe even improve speed and action on the track . 
  again i 'm not an expert , but regs-wise some simplifications can be made whilst still using high tech hybrid engines . 
  that way we can disband all racing standards related rules and allow dirtiest drivers to do their worst shit all the time . 
  if they kill you in the car there wo n't be much to talk sort out in first place ... and hey , it 's racing bruh . 
  and second of all , his talk to kvyat in china did n't help jackshit , now that i think of it his talk to verstappen probably wo n't do anything either . 
  you can go and try to talk through it with them , but stewards are there for reason ... or at least they should be there for reason . 
  duh , very stupid and hypocritical statement from him imo even given his blue flag complaining . 
  sounds more like he 's open to avoiding some penalties by doing shady stuff on his own . 
  it 's not 80s anymore . 
  take it as bonus part of the show . 
  his racing is exciting , i 'll surely give him that . 
  that does n't negate my previous opinions on said moves though . 
  enjoy your pizza . 
  ca n't we f1 fans ... be just like happy ... for one full day at least ? 
  just after everything about monza settled down , this comes up ... 
  f1 pls . 
   ( for a hopefully more dry race ), 
  as a guy who watched that race in comfy sofa at home ... 
  i 'd love another wet weekend for austin . 
  it does n't have to be as destructive as before ... but man that race was fun , especially for 2015 standards . 
  like 1 % of userbase cares about changelogs . 
  it 's called vocal minority . 
  putting more work ( yes , writing proper changelogs can take alot of work on big apps ) on devs just because of this 1 % is not worth it . 
  downvoting does n't change this fact , but proceed anyways if you think it 'll make me change my mind . 
  also , another thing is that some changes can be very deep in the fundamental way of the app works , whilst not exactly changing how it behaves on outside - no regular user will understand these types of changes even if you write an essay about them . 
  so get real , do you want developers making bugfixes and improvements as fast as possible or do you want long descriptions of every git commit they make ? 
  i 'd probably pass on it to be completely honest . 
   modern techniques are far more subtle, 
  well , as long as cg ads do n't make cars disappear and such . 
  otherwise i agree . 
  i 'd watch all of that . 
  let 's finish this trilogy + anthology `` trilogy '' and then have a break for a few years . 
  that 's absolutely fine in my books , yes . 
  i know i wo n't be fed up with star wars at any point , but general audience might . 
  big enough for most media . 
  another driver from the times when i started watching retires . 
  it 's liky my f1 childhood is slowly vanishing in front of me .
