some class with speed boosters is good at it , especially if you have longer computer loadtimes . 
  warior with warhorn , ranger with warhorn , etc. 
  paths may differ a bit on each server , but the whole idea is still the same ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtbrzktcohk for fs or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkxeuqyjcam for queensdale . 
  dont even have to watch the videos , just go to one of these zones ( for 80s it is better to go into frostgorge - more money , queensdale is more about powerleveling an alt character ) . 
  put simple `` where is train ? '', 
  into map chat and there is 90 % chance that some good soul is going to reply you position . 
  you can also look for commander tag on the map , these pve commanders usualy lead champion farm trains . 
  it is easy gold if you cant find good party , but dungeons and fractals are much more fun ... ( and dungeons are also more money efficient ) . 
  armor is n't worth your time if you do n't wan na min/max or do top tier fractals . 
  on the other hand ... making a single weapon is n't that hard , at first i was n't going for ascended stuff , but i had loads of mats in bags since they released it so i deciced to make gs ... now i only need two more days to make 2 timegated lumps of mithrilium and i am done . 
  so weapons are not that hard to get if you just do some regular stuff like few dungeons a week , some world bosses , events , some wvw and so on ... ( i am not 24/7 hardcore guy and i still have everything i need ) . 
  atleast , that is my experience - i did n't really have to do some intentional farming . 
  pink cloners . 
  not sure which group i hate more . 
  invisible guys drive me crazy too , but it 's like one superstealth thief per 10 games , so i can manage my hatred there . 
  nope . 
  you get drops of armor and weapons and if you are n't lucky , it is still much better to buy some basic green armor/weapon from tp , rather than buying for example level 60 exotic , which is pretty useless after few hours of playing . 
  agreed , soloing in mmo is always just a matter of time until you get bored to hell and eventually leave the game . 
  guilds and doing content with guildmates makes it much more entertaining . 
  but if guy does n't really see any goal in the game , he should just take a rest and stop playing for some time , there is a chance that he will come back ( it happened to me too ) . 
  i would quit , mmos are about rewards . 
  f1 is both about having great car and great driver , while car is more important ofc . 
  but this `` alonso would beat vettel in rb '' or from the other side `` vettel would beat alonso in any car '' is just madness , you ca n't know that . 
  you just ca n't and all that matters at that very moment is whether you like more sebastian , or fernando . 
  kobayashi seems like a good guy , he had some nice agressive moves back in the days , but i do n't really want him back , definitely not in caterham . 
  i prefer remembering him as the guy fighting for mid-positions rather than guy from last positions . 
  why would they bother doing that on real race track ? 
  puting these ais into virtual space to drive on virtual track would have pretty much same effect since they ca n't die or harm itselves anyhow ( if they crash , they are just reloaded into a new car ) . 
  it could be interesting experiment having a ai car driving against a real driver ( in future ofc . 
  ) , but i do n't really see any potential here - also do n't forget that ai has no personality , could you be a fan of an ai ? 
  could you give some fan love to robot ? 
  i could n't . 
  `` atmosphere is usually very friendly and appealing to females and gay males '', 
  he did n't say it 's a fact . 
  btw ... you seriously called peter sauber as `` some guy '' ? 
  what makes you think that instance is hosted on players computer ? 
  when you lag , others do n't have to lag . 
  and picture a situation while playing in an instance with a host , who has low-end computer/connection . 
  it would be unplayable , absolutely . 
  sending all data to other players is nothing different from what the game does all the time while you are in an instance . 
  the only valid point is that recreating of instance , but that also hits that big wall you made with invalid arguments i mentioned in first paragraph . 
  there is no way that instance would be running on `` dungeon masters '' computer . 
  also ( as somebody mentioned above ) having an instance on clients computer would make the game so vulnerable to hacking . 
  yes , there is a zerker meta in pve . 
  you do n't have to go towards it , but if you want to be hardcore gamer , it 's the only right way . 
  wvw & pvp are n't just about zerkering , sou if you like these parst of the game ... arenanet is trying to fix pve meta , but according to previous experiences , it 's more like they are trying to nerf zerker instead of buffing other builds - wait for next patch notes , they said that it will provide more details about that upcoming change . 
  we fight her , then some crazy npc comes and transforms her into a quaggan , which is later eaten by primordus , who has returned just for the sake of badass returning . 
  yeah , he said `` before '' ... back in the days , it was per character . 
  but looking cool is all about personal taste , it ca n't be considered as a win , if there is no objective measurement . 
  pve is main focus of arenanet and most of the community , but do n't expect as hardcore endgame as it is in wow for example . 
  spvp is fun to me and there are alot of people to play with ( there is absolutely a chance to get a game even at 4 am ) but still it 's much less than in wvw or classic pve . 
  i just hate the fact that they removed it ... but having it already programmed in the past gives us some hopes . 
  plus afaik the first gw was alot supported by lineage 2 earnings , it became money-maker later . 
  gw2 is probably making good money all the time since they are hiring people . 
  wars . 
  do n't forget the wars . 
  i once joined a party for se which was advertised with something like `` 20k + ap lvl 90 only '' - and it was really good pug . 
  thanks , sir . 
  i 've made at least half of the meta with my dailies , so it should n't stop , it 's a bug , report it buddy , you do n't have much time left . 
  we all know that feeling when we are roaming and suddenly an enemy zerg appears behind us ... but i ca n't really imagine feeling some had when they saw this `` omegazerg '' . 
  thumbs up guys , looks like lots of fun . 
  i respect your opinion and i sort of see your point ( even though i do n't agree ) , but come on - you ca n't really expect anybody doing that every day , too much effort needed for that , way too much . 
  as once upon a time event it 's great , makes different experience for players on any side and different experiences are good imo . 
  especially when there is a long period between updates ( like now ) . 
  short answer : fun . 
  longer answer : i like the game , i enjoy combat , i enjoy the world , i like playing a subfree mmorpg without pay to win content . 
  i did play only pve for the first year and right now i am trying to get more into the pvp since i found it is n't as bad as it seemed to me at the very beginning . 
  believe me or not , i also like some basic farming stuff . 
  i think that if you do n't find the game fun , there is no reason to change your mind just because somebody else does . 
  leveling is not as fun as it used to be back in the launch days ( full zones , all des being actively done ) , but i still find it fun too , so it 's probably just you not enjoying the game and that is totally fine , there is n't a game which meets everybodys liking . 
  i 've spent years in wow and seriously ... that was `` chore rather than entertainment '' ( even though i love wow lore and stuff around the game itself ) , gw2 is much more casual and friendly and i do n't feel like `` omg i just have to log in because i have paid a monthly fee '' ( i am poor student so ... ) . 
  same here . 
  playing since launch and never had any serious lagging ( except these server crashes during first few weeks ) ... last few days it 's barely playable at some points . 
  i 've also experienced about 10 minutes long rollback of my gameplay , which was for the first time since ... ever . 
  this experience really reminds me of `` good '' old days with world of warcraft on low-end private servers . 
  meh , this is not that kind of nostalgia i like . 
  finnaly i managed to get to my personal computer today and i see this . 
  what a timing !, 
  good luck man . 
  party harding since the end of 2013 , did n't realize it yet lol . 
  i like it too , it 's fun and not easy at the same time . 
  yet right after first wipe chat was like `` they should nerf it '' or `` way too hard , impossible to do '' - oh gosh ... only thing that sucks imo is that random splitting . 
  you can reuse it only on the same character using transmutation stones/crystals . 
  you also do n't have to use whole set at once , you get each piece of armor separately , so you can spare some pieces in the bank ( they are account bound until you actually use them ) . 
  it differs on what i want to do that day . 
  but when i have alot of time and i want to play , i usually finish both pvp and pve dailies , then farm rare nodes , do some wvw and dungeons . 
  de/boss farm is optional and i rely more on information from guild chat than from gw2stuff ( too lazy to check the website and i do n't want to use overlay ) . 
  i have * lenovo e531 ( i5 ib , gt740m , 4gb ram ) * and it came with windows 8 pre-installed . 
  i had somewhat good frames ( it 's not gaming laptop , so i can deal with some performance issues ) even in zerg ... then just because i was curious , i tried downgrade to windows 7 and especially in zergs the frames were alot ( alot ) lower . 
  back in december , i 've returned to windows 8 , or more precisely 8.1 , and the zerg experience improved . 
  it still is n't as good as on decent gaming desktop ofc , but way better than on the same hardware with windows 7 . 
  i think that your experience is ( as you have said ) connected with bloatware pre-installed by manufacturer , my experience with windows 8 is : ** win8  win7 ** . 
  of course i am talking just about the performance stuff , rest would be pointless off-topic . 
  that is weird , i have win8 pro 64bit and i use sweetfx without any issues . 
  have you tried running game in admin mode ? 
  at this moment , pvp is pretty much same as it was at the start . 
  there are some upcoming changes , but no , if your main focus is pvp and you did n't like it in the past , gw2 still is n't your game . 
  you mean unique effect , or unique weapon ? 
  if whole weapon , i would do something very similar to frostmourne , oh gosh ... 
  i always wanted frostmourne ( including classic blue glow ) .
