  lower rain chance could even be better . 
  dry start ( so we avoid starting behind sc ) and then some changing conditions is the best way to go for exciting race and some mad strategic gains/loses . 
  i hate to be that guy but this really feels like you 're just trying to provide people what they like to hear/read . 
  no offense meant op , but this seems pretty fake to me . 
  you ca n't remember droid ( but know that they are droids ) names yet you know how to call leia 's hairstyle or point out han shooting first . 
  it 's fishy to say the least . 
  and there are many scenes in upcoming movies that can easily reveal if you 're just playing with this sub or not . 
  especially once you hit prequels movies . 
  if i 'm wrong though , you 're in for one hell of a ride in empire , as that by far is the best scifi movie of all time and by not so far also the best star wars movie . 
  if there 's something this years f1 lacks , it 's dank memes for sure . 
  oh yeah , sounds wise i love honda as well . 
  our local commentary always during mclaren onboards goes on how unhealthy it sounds , but man i love the raw brutal sound of it . 
  edit : god damn , did n't notice the username . 
  i 'd rather stay aside and try to avoid herbert as well . 
  i 'll laugh like a mad man if it 's dry race after all this reddit hype . 
  kinda like mercedes boys laughed after all that ferrari hype . 
  why do i do this to myself . 
  he handled it perfectly . 
  looks pretty chilled to me . 
  i 'd rather not comment on herbert any more though ... 
  verstappen winning spanish gp was insane . 
  this would be off the charts kinda insane . 
  would love to see it though . 
  yeah , last time i saw him it was in baby videoclip lol . 
  ummm . 
  wow . 
  some personal notes :, 
  - what the hell was up with rosberg 's car, 
  - what the fuck was up with rbr pitcrew, 
  - well damn played by lewis and mercedes, 
  - great stuff from alonso, 
  - great stuff from force india , beating ferrari on merit is quite something, 
  - verstappen literally going full from hero to zero, 
  - both renault drivers utterly underdelivered even with super low expectations to start with, 
  overall i 'd say a fun race . 
  but i 'm terribly gutted for ricciardo , this race should have been his . 
  either perez or alonso for me . 
  i 'll give it to alonso because alonsoth . 
  vettel might have had a point back then , did n't he . 
  i feel like i 'm the only non-hamilton fan that actually thinks he did nothing wrong in this thread . 
  well , at least during that cutting off part - he certainly cut the corner which is more sketchy to me . 
  but that defense was on the limit , not beyond it . 
  good on him for letting lewis through though . 
  had he held on his position any longer or just hesitated to obey for few more laps , lewis likely would n't win this one . 
  he sounds more confident and comfortable to me when he speaks in german ( even though i do n't understand shit ) . 
  perhaps he 's not as comfortable in english . 
  to this day i have no idea what that word means , even after reading some online definitions . 
  but for some reason whenever i hear it , kim kardashian 's butt comes to my mind lol . 
  got ta give him bonus points for comedy . 
  the most random interview ever . 
  i 'd swear he 's high or something if i did n't know who he is . 
  a podium , yes . 
  a victory ? 
  doubt it . 
  he lost crazy amount of time behind massa , had they calculated it better , he could have been much closer and he certainly would n't get behind perez . 
  then his only chance would be crash between lewis and daniel , but now we know that did n't happen anyways , so it 's fair to say he just lost third due to traffic . 
  maybe qualifying better next time will help too though ... 
  i love how this camera shows the raw speed . 
  just look how damn fast stuff passes by behind his head . 
  holy shit how shocking when it 's spec series !, 
  seriously , i 'm not one of those crapping on other series on purpose , to each their own , i even like me some oval racing and i will likely catch up on this year 's indy once i have a mood for it ... but you 're either skewing facts on purpose or just do n't know principial differences between the two series . 
  emma watson is pretty popular around here , do you feel awkward watching first harry potter movie ? 
  edit : or any harry potter movie for what it 's worth . 
  hopefuly that did n't sound too weird . 
  check out / r/formulae then . 
   basically the same thing , just bigger . 
  `` good old days '', 
  hamilton 's defense on ricciardo was okay and you people got mad just because you were already mad ... eh ... yeah !, 
  obligatory ferrari still sucks comment, 
  i have pretty major exam tomorrow and instead of studying i am here spamming trash, 
  honestly , what are we doing here, 
  man did you even play any codies f1 games ? 
  some pit stops take so long you can literally just roleplay as ricciardo, 
  rbr should totally switch verstappen for ... eh ... maybe they should call vettel . 
  they have better car anyways so ... 
  me neither, 
  horner is brit after all . 
  dae british bias strikes again ?!!, 
  as others have said , alcohol in f1 as a sport is n't banned . 
  and by the way tobacco advertising is n't banned in f1 as a sport either . 
  it 's just that it 's banned in pretty much every country so there 's no point for f1 to use it . 
  damn that 's a great trailer . 
  makes anh seems alot darker than it actually is . 
  wish make of this did similar trailer for esb or rots , these two movies would fit that styling more . 
  obelix trooper . 
  barris , cody and yularen . 
  got ta love media for this . 
  one poor race from rosberg and they already do n't consider him a favorite for title . 
  one race later he might win again and they will be like `` omg grumpy old lewis needs to turn it around '' . 
   but , to be honest , i did n't really care at that point because my race was ruined anyway . 
  statements like this could reflect on him poorly once he looks for a seat in other series . 
  there was no reason for kmag to let him through easily . 
  i mean ... seriously ... taking out other driver because he was defending and i had `` fuck this shit '' mood ? 
  not exactly professional . 
  as long as it 's properly formuled and works well with other rules i think it could be a good change . 
  at least some of these salty discussion would be gone . 
  that being said though , hamilton did n't gain an advantage - i agree with your idea , but disagree with immediate motivation behind it . 
  i 'm not german . 
  efficiency is swear word to me . 
  i embrace chaos , kinda like ferrari engineers and red bull mechanics .
