  are you surprised that hardcore star wars fan community gets excited about star wars theme park ? 
  that 's how traitors think . 
  never understood the hype . 
  i 'd rather beat him through reliability than lose in a fair fight . 
  i guess it 's that way for most people and i honestly have issues trusting those who say otherwise . 
  history does n't question these things so much besides few hardcore fans . 
  if i was rosberg , f1 championship is f1 championship , good enough for me to feel accomplished even if i knew that lewis was better driver overall . 
  life is n't fair , if that would be my ultiamate chance to be a champion , i would n't give a damn . 
  does anybody really care ? 
  i might not like it either but i really see no reason to get angry about it . 
  he 's honest , i 'll give him that . 
  damn i did n't notice him at first . 
  japanese are incredibly cool fans . 
  i do n't care much about what happened there , i obviously do n't mind drivers being angry on radio ( as a vettel fan lol ) ... but i really hate this `` but he 's australian , they all talk like that . '', 
  excusing . 
  he was angry and a bit of a dick when he said that , but so are all drivers at times . 
  end of story . 
  no need to defend it as an aussie thing . 
  mclaren if they fuck 2017 so hard that alonso feels like leaving the sport . 
  otherwise i think he goes nowhere and leaves f1 . 
  top teams are full and have pretty fruity junior programmes as well . 
  i doubt he wants to screw around in a midfielder . 
  would be one hell of killing blow to his legacy though . 
  i 'd probably need alot of time to get over that to be honest . 
  if red bull suck or verstappen is obvious no . 
  1 ( or combination of both ) they might get ricciardo . 
  that scares me tbh . 
  i do n't recall him saying anything like that about raikkonen last year . 
  yeah , how about that one time when rosberg 's car gave up in final race when he still had a chance to win the championship . 
  so much about ground for any conspiracies from past seasons . 
  that jcb was anything but hidden . 
  they fucked up horribly , but i honestly ca n't even remotely imagine what could have they possibly hid from him . 
  that penalty will hurt seb even more now that ferrari could potentially lock out red bull from even more points . 
  what a mighty end to a qualifying session . 
  holy shit that was exciting . 
  you set a fast sector , you set a fast sector . 
  everybody fucking sets a fast sector . 
  great stuff , i take that as a tease for next year more than anything . 
  great to see nico still holding onto solid form even as we are approaching mega pressure part of season . 
  hopefuly ferrari has enough race pace against red bulls . 
  imagine if somebody was just about to rejoin on the track from pits ... now that 's a nasty crash . 
  not cool . 
  i do n't mind the interview itself . 
  however i do mind that we did n't get to hear legendary tony harooo ross . 
  i 'd say red bull drivers are better . 
  look at their battle in malaysia . 
  tough , but fair and clean . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't follow ? 
  he 's not wrong . 
  it 's not like vettel can solve ferrari 's problems ( slowest of the best car once again ) . 
  now we need vettel to approach brundle the same way alonso did . 
  though i 'd like to say despite being in strong disagreement with this article , i still love me some brundle . 
  easily the best person of sky 's team . 
  this year ? 
  sure . 
  last year ? 
  besides mexico where seb straight up fucked up i really doubt there was much more to squeeze out of that car . 
   maybe thats enough . 
  not for a guy that 's so proud about breaking any record possible . 
  oh i see now where you 're going with your point . 
  yep , i agree with that . 
  it seems like ferrari are trying to use the `` evil coach '' tactic on vettel a bit . 
  hopefuly ( for me at least ) just so that they can negotiate lower wage for him after his current contract . 
  not sure how is that going to work on vettel 's psyche though . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  i believe his `` higher goal '' is at least one wdc in red . 
  following schumacher 's steps means alot to him . 
  journalists are n't always right . 
  they questioned lewis ' mercedes move , they questioned verstappen 's age , they questioned kimi 's motivation , they questioned alonso 's mclaren move and motivation , now they question vettel 's motivation . 
  i 'm not really mad at them , it 's their job to question people and stuff . 
  but damn i hope all those mentioned above will show them they are f1 top team drivers for good reason next year when they fight for wins . 
  i 'm not saying that i am more qualified for judging this . 
  i 'm just saying that i ca n't come up with any conspiracy that sounds at least remotely reasonable to me - and therefore i have full trust in fia 's investigation . 
   `` as much as the team wants to perform , i want to perform , '' he said after being fractionally outpaced by raikkonen in qualifying at suzuka . 
  `` i 've had other races where i did n't do so , i was n't happy with myself because there was more on the table . 
  good that he acknowledges it . 
  not blaming it elsewhere - it 's the first step to get back on top of his game . 
  you 're saying this as if ricciardo surely wanted to go there . 
  odds are red bull will be faster car next year anyways . 
  everybody makes a mistake sometimes , that 's ok , but i 'd just like to say that this is n't some random bullshit twitter guy . 
  he 's an established f1 journalist . 
  the headline and some tweets make it sound more dramatic than it does . 
  this sky article itself states that he just told them he meant no disrespect at driver press conference and that he does n't want to answer more questions ... can you blame him after that shitstorm over nothing ? 
  i did n't like his behavior on driver press conference , but i see no reason to stir shit about him as much as some media did . 
  the way he reportedly behaved on this briefing sounds absolutely fine to me . 
  not sure if his team will like that he started a little war against mass media world though . 
  some journalists can be huge pricks about that . 
  not exactly good pr for mercedes . 
  i hope to see vettel grab a championship while in ferrari . 
  question is , which one of us is further from reality . 
  first glimpses of `` americanisation '' of f1 after liberty bought it ? 
  also known as our year !, 
  i wonder how would rosberg 's mercedes do if he was allowed to do that . 
  would it spin like crazy ? 
  i really have no aerodynamics knowledge ( besides that 2011 rb was still planted af ) so i have no idea . 
  current cars generally pull out more top kph than 2011 cars or post 2009 v8 cars in general . 
  but they used to have more downforce , therefore pulled more speed through corners . 
  also bare in mind that in 2011 vettel could use drs anytime , ... considering that advantage it 's pretty cool how close 2016 lap was to that time with way heavier car and such . 
  all those times will be wrecked next year though . 
  i am sincerely looking forward to that .
