  a : are you okay ? 
  b : i already said i am . 
  a : omg calm down you 're clearly not ok . 
  none of which really relates to the matter we were discussion two days ago . 
  and that is the fact that we saw movement before lights went out . 
  simple as that . 
  but as i said in the other comment , nobody really gives a shit anymore . 
  time to move on . 
  i 'd actually like to see him in ferrari . 
  i think red would really suit him . 
  reckless bastards always wore red at some point . 
  and yes , that includes seb too . 
  that sounds great on paper , but considering how did that work out for mclaren ... eh , i 'd rather be a customer team . 
  but i 'm not christian horner . 
  lol i had to double check if that 's a real account . 
  it is . 
  lol . 
  it was such a great value back in the days . 
  i went for g2 at similar price simply because it had bigger battery . 
  still using it today ... it feels a bit dated , loses pace at times , but overall still very usable after more than 3 years . 
  great stuff . 
  the only thing i am really missing it fingerprint reader . 
  late night party at kimis ? 
  imagine paying the price of standard a-class movie and watching it in cinema . 
  there 's your problem with the movie . 
  should have been aired on tv as pilot for series , not advertised as a new star wars movie . 
  it simply does n't have required qualities for such release . 
  there 's no real title bid to begin with . 
  unless said support includes playing bowling with vettel , hamilton and bottas every race . 
  i do n't follow wec closely , care to elaborate a bit on that please ? 
  i mean ... just two years ago everybody was saying how wec is the best motorsport and f1 is dying ... 
  now this is shitposting !, 
  well ... that 's a warm welcome if i ever seen one . 
  interested if that translates into reaction on podium . 
  he 's got full garage of these beauties . 
  yeah , that at the very least he could show off a bit . 
  honestly . 
  think of the children . 
  i thought that honda was willing to give them engine for free . 
  guess not then . 
  go for leclerc please . 
  point is that if they did , it would be more feasible to pull off so many races . 
  do n't get me wrong mate . 
  i 'm not saying that i want 25 races , i prefer to have some weekends without f1 . 
  18 races is the sweetspot for me ... but i guess the only way they could do it is with doing continental tours . 
  lol i expected journalists to ask him about it , but i did n't expect them to make it a no . 
  1 topic of the weekend . 
  i do n't like that he did n't come , but some people need to get a fucking grip . 
  it 's not like he murdered a fan . 
  wtf1 really grew since their facebook memes days . 
  i know it 's not good sportsmanship , but i am kinda glad for these as they have some potential to equalise ferrari 's upcoming engine penalties . 
  zak told christian about his problems to vent it and release some stress ... little did he know he was talking to biggest shit stirrer in formula 1 . 
  that 's great . 
  kid needs all support he can get . 
  at his home gp ? 
  abiteboul might not be exactly the best character of team principals , but he 's not ron dennis . 
  i say axe him week after . 
  fom would have to play the race in slow mo just so that we have time to notice some good heineken ( tm ) ads . 
   no driver that intentionally collides with another could be considered the best driver . 
  i 'm not defending what vettel did in baku or even saying that he 's the best driver , but there 's also this schumacher guy ... 
  i 'm just saying that i think it does n't work that way . 
  people of his format are likely to have higher ambitions than making shitloads of money . 
  sure , being rich , beautiful and dating supermodels is nice . 
  but he wants to be a champion again above everything else . 
  i 'm pretty surprised how heated this thread actually is lol . 
  i expected bants at best , but some of this shit is on astronomical salt levels . 
  like wishing for 1-2 mercedes dominance just so that vettel loses . 
  okay ... nothing to do here . 
  is that really a problem in this case ? 
  max is driving a red bull . 
  topic is about red bull and ferrari . 
  i do n't want to come off as passive aggressive ... but did you have a bad day or something ? 
  now that 's something else lol . 
  i bought 2016 during summer sale , i 'm also a hardcore f1 fan ( see my comments history ) , i 've been playing these series since 2010 and i can say that it 's easily the best one . 
  handling is closer to real thing more than ever ( although it 's still not iracing , but i do n't really want too hardcore sim anyways ) , it has best immersion , best career progression where you can now progress team performance over seasons , best ai racing and it 's just ... very good . 
  one of my favorite racing games of all time . 
  absolutely worth 15 euro . 
  if your pc is older go for 2012 i guess . 
  2013 was the best on old-gen engine , but they removed it from steam store because codemaster 's licence on classic cars expired . 
  sad , but that 's what it is . 
  hopefuly they have it secured better for 2017 release . 
  yeah , i love how they improved over the course of year or so . 
  ton of content . 
  i just wish that fom would ease off on their copyrighting , at least on fanmade tributes , highlights and such . 
  i get it they do n't want people to upload full sessions , that 's fine by me . 
  but at least do n't go full hitler on everything else . 
  please . 
  i 'd also love if they put out full press conferences instead of just highlights . 
  but that 's not really a problem since they are n't taking these down from 3rd party youtube accounts . 
  it would be nice to have it on one place though . 
  at least their gearboxes work , right ? 
  just like jeff from games . 
  you can clearly tell that he 's very hungry for a win . 
  maybe his hunger will end in hungary . 
  who knows . 
  ca n't wait for grosjean to call him a friend on twitter . 
  monster lap . 
  half a second to everybody else . 
  i take off my virtual hat to salute you mr. hamilton . 
  `` something something fuck out lap fuck out lap what was that fuck something . '',
