  this was pleasantly surprising , he really seems to have matured . 
  i clicked first link . 
  i 'm not clicking the other two . 
  hell no lol . 
  after clicking on most links in this comments thread i really had to go and delete last hour history even though i am on my computer that nobody else is using . 
  phew . 
  i do n't think it 's about brundle being envious . 
  even before max entered f1 , he always seemed to act somewhat fatherly to all drivers , and with that in mind he 's been pretty consistent with his attitude imo . 
  i 'm not saying you should like his approach , but i do n't think it 's about envying . 
  grosjean , definitely . 
  i 'd like to give an honorable mention to palmer though , i was hard on the guy , yet he drove a very decent race . 
  his defense was class . 
  they should think of buying their bounty hunters more ... umm ... discrete outfit . 
  horner - wolff banter is way funnier though . 
  nice catch . 
  chassis was just built by dallara though , haas designed it themselves ... though no doubts there was certain ferrari influence on it too . 
  people often blame him for stuff he is n't responsible for , but he is responsible for this 100 % . 
  i 'm not even pissed off anymore , i 'm just sad . 
  verstappen fanboys became annoying even before he started winning races . 
  that 's quite an achievement lol . 
  savage, 
  dae think ferrari lost this championship by hiring williams strategists ? 
  his last oscar and f1 win for a long time though . 
  like father like son . 
  i 'll be glad when wannabe anti prequels hipsters finally move on . 
  guess i wo n't be glad anytime soon though . 
  `` what did you think of my hair this morning ? '', 
  `` it 's okay , but maybe you should cut it down by just half inch . '', 
  `` race control : 10 seconds stop and go penalty for suspicious hair talk . '', 
  yeah , it must have been very hard for him to swallow the idea of him being so good at overtaking last year because in most of his `` famous '' scenarios he used to have fresher tyres . 
  cue glass shattering sound . 
  honestly i do n't think he does this pose on purpose , may it be for studying cars or just psyching rosberg , it 's just natural for him to get into this pose when he 's checking stuff out . 
  kind of like when people scratch their chins when being very focused on math problems etc. 
  i 'm not sure when was that , but i remember some race when newey randomly appeared in front of mclaren back when they were actually fast and some mclaren guy gestured him to leave . 
  i think it was in 2012 but i would n't hold my breath for it . 
  yeah , i could stand in front of these cars just staring at them for hours hehe . 
  the blurred guy on the left looks like vettel in red bull gear . 
  silly season starting very soon this year . 
  had it not been for this sub , i would n't even know that there are some furious indonesians . 
  i think i can live with this . 
  way too easy to ignore it . 
  not sure how about this year 's rookies but pretty much everybody except kimi and max is member of gpda i think . 
  in the past sutil for example did n't bother joining , but i ca n't remember any more names . 
  there 's still quite a margin between sketchy stuff bernie ever did and what putin did and does . 
  lol in 2010 i was glad for 360p f1 streams and even then it was laggy af . 
  when tv was down for any reason , it meant trying to recognize cars from pixels on unofficial bbc streams . 
  martin banterlad brundle, 
  i 'm pretty sure palpatine was interested in something different than what you 're suggesting . 
  the wit in tfa was great . 
  best humour in all star wars yet . 
  this post is definition of internet warriorism . 
  inb4 i grab some popcorn, 
  you know , there is something i 'd like to say about this . 
  some people , including certain ecclestone or saward , blamed vettel for not being cool enough to bring in more fans . 
  saward even taking it as far as calling him a bad promoter of the sport . 
  well , and now it turns out instead of doing pointless shit for masses that do n't give a damn about this sport anyways , he does the heavy lifting behind the scenes . 
  or at least he tries to do so , which is something you obviously ca n't say about the rest . 
  and considering what lewis said , maybe the reason they do n't listen to them is because there is only one guy out of 22 who is loud enough . 
  i have never been as pissed on f1 as a whole as i was for last two days , ironically enough after a fantastic race . 
  i 'll just leave it there . 
  good night folks . 
  one day , filoni should get an opportunity to work on movies themselves . 
  dude breathes for star wars even more than most hardcore fans do . 
  i was very doubtful years ago when i first heard of the clone wars . 
  and after that pilot movie i was more or less feeling like that 's one hell of a disaster . 
  oh how i was wrong . 
  the main story arcs of clone wars and rebels are even more enjoyable to me than some movies . 
  what a ride this has been , no matter how it ends , i 'd like to say that i appreciate what he and lucas did to expand star wars beside movies . 
  it was even worth scrapping rest of eu and moving to current cannon . 
  ahsoka went from annoying child character to one of my all time favorite characters in this universe . 
  her standing against vader will be pretty much as powerful as obiwan 's duel with ~ ~ anakin ~ ~ vader on mustafar . 
  takes me back to times when i was early teenage kid , going to revenge of the sith with my dad , and then discussing the movie all night . 
  great times . 
  i salute to you , dave filoni , for reminding me of these times . 
  nope . 
  but once i bought lotus branded rexona instead of standard one . 
  well worth the price , even more than that . 
  it 's somewhat casual for sim-manager game , but it 's mobile game so still great . 
  i 'm afraid i 'll just get downvoted , but i am genuinely interested in this topic , not just looking for edgy trolling ... 
  why would i want to do this ? 
  i mean , sure - google is tightening it 's grip over android , but how does that compare to companies that do n't even make their os open source ? 
  we android users tend to overreact about privacy stuff , yet we usually ignore other companie 's policies are even worse . 
  and even then - i just do n't see anything bad about it , maybe except excessive power usage especially on older devices . 
  it 's kind of natural that corporation wants to keep/extend it 's advantage , is n't it . 
  price - performance ratio . 
  i was choosing between nexus 5 , g2 and one generation old iphone . 
  apple phone lost it in screen and battery department , nexus 5 in camera and battery department . 
  g2 was worse just in stock software department but fortunately we have xda . 
  it needs to be a night race as well . 
  that would look so cool i would n't even care if racing in these streets sucks . 
  damn that 's a good point , i guess we wo n't see it then . 
  here 's a thing ... 
  i 'd like a gp in vegas . 
  but nothing . 
  nothing . 
  nothing can replace monza in my book . 
  nothing . 
  there is only one monza and fuck it if we do n't have it in calendar . 
  i am drunk . 
  but you know ... monza is f1 .
