  considering how caterham and hrt ended ... they even got a few points . 
  admirable . 
  not really archival audio , they just cut `` rey '' from `` afraid '' in anh . 
  mcgregor confirmed it . 
  i 'd do that for free . 
  this , yeah . 
  we have good mods that do it for no gain in their free time and some assholes just get overly anxious because their precious sidebar pic has n't changed since last race . 
  seriously . 
  being dicks towards mods over small things , as already mentioned . 
  and `` oh this sub will be so confused now '' comments . 
  there are nearly 150 000 subscribers to this sub , you ca n't generalise opinion of certain group into opinion of entire sub . 
  the notion that when you criticise a driver you automatically are a `` xy hater '' is also pretty dumb , but that 's internet issue in general , not just this subs . 
  `` hello there . '', 
   tl ; dr : * i aimed my dick at my brother * but accidentally popped my girlfriend in the face . 
  that 's one hell of a confusing tldr , op . 
  ferrari is very important to the sport , like it or not . 
  but i 'd take their money privlieges away and give that money to backmarkers . 
  ferrari has no money issues , they can handle it . 
  edit : though i 'd like to say that there are more teams that are very important to this sport and are n't `` just another team '' , namely mclaren , williams , red bull ( they are important in modern history , they attract alot of people into f1 ) and renault - if only it was n't for their consistent `` we 'll leave the sport and then rejoin few years later '' attitude . 
  yeah , people are oversensitive . 
  montoya is an asshole , but that 's just part of his character . 
  i 'm not a fan of his , but i sure enjoy his famous moments . 
  i certainly do n't hate him . 
  every sport/show needs assholes like montoya , they add flavor to it . 
  i do n't really hate any driver tbh , that 's a bit childish to start with . 
  i just naturally like some drivers more than others and i am critical of stuff i do n't like on certain drivers , just like anybody else . 
  i think people are overestimating the antipathy most people have towards drivers they do n't cheer for . 
  maybe my non-loving comments about hamilton or verstappen are more visible than those where i genuinely acknowledge their ability , but that 's probably natural considering i put those sort of comments into discussions that are a bit heated from the very beginning , whilst those where i pay respect to them are mostly burried in thousand-comments postrace threads . 
  sure there are some people who straight up bitch about some drivers all the time just for the sake of it , but they are in minority imo . 
  damn those feels came totally unexpected . 
  such a great development episode , i did n't care much for sabine up until now . 
  also , kanan genuinely sounded mad when he pulled out mandalorian war argument . 
  great episode . 
  dooku was on speeder on geonosis . 
  way too often than it should really . 
  based on / u/wongie 's analysis it 's more like :, 
  next decade is the decade . 
  windows logo right next to android logo . 
  now that 's something i do n't see happening . 
  :p nice job though . 
  my man !, 
  roc at the very least patches some wounds from the last season , that 's for sure . 
  pm me if you find out the answer !, 
  schumi part hit me more than i expected . 
  damn . . 
  this post spoils literally nothing regarding roc results ? 
  ot , but i just noticed that good ol' fiftybuckss is followed by obama 's official twitter account . 
  i just ... find that mildly interesting . 
  / r/natureismetal, 
  seriously , this story soudnds like a great concept for folk-power metal album . 
  ama request, 
  end of an era it is then . 
  thanks for years of your service , f1 would n't be the same without you mr. e . but now it 's time to move on . 
  i was like `` eh , bernie 's gone , ... that 's good , i guess ... '', 
  but now knowing that there is ross supposed to get high profile role in f1 ? 
  count me in for that ross love hype train !, 
  near is the end of days when / r/wec was making fun of us , f1 is going to be great again !, 
  our glorious saviors . 
  holy trinity . 
  i would n't mind russia and baku going away ( though that long straight was great ) ... china not so much , i like that track . 
  i hope not . 
  hopefuly they will ease off on money terms and will get back more classic circuits in `` classic countries '' though . 
  he answers journalists questions . 
  all drivers do that mate . 
  let 's be honest there , apple did n't out of sudden remove it from the os right after new mbp battery outrage because it was just inaccurate . 
  it 's been inaccurate since ever by nature , as it is on other platforms as well . 
  your point stands , but i 'd just like to stay honest with apple . 
  they did n't remove it because it was inaccurate . 
  edit : lol the downvotes . 
  some fanboys are really fun to deal with ... 
  i did n't even try to be aggressive about it or whatever . 
  if vettel and webber managed to move on , these two will have no issues doing so as well , especially considering they were friends years before merc . 
  it 's like when they asked drivers about him during brazil gp conference and the media guy from fom just looked like `` really ? 
  very good . 
  now is the time to make them numbers rise again . 
  damn i am so hyped about f1 now . 
  max confirmed sexy beast in about 10 + years . 
  8 figure track with jump in the middle . 
  i 'd go even further and just straight up say that these `` screamy era '' cars sound like shit . 
  listen , fellas , i 'm really not trying to be edgy or something , that 's how i genuinely feel . 
  i do n't miss screaming f1 . 
  i can much more enjoy dynamics of sound of those current engines where you can hear turbo whistling , each shift is way more noticeable and in high revs you can still hear a nice sound instead of just ear-bleeding constant siren scream . 
  the only thing that was actually lost to me is that feeling when you can hear f1 car coming from far away . 
  i 'm all in for f1 going back to simpler rules and stuff , but do n't revert back to atmospheric v8 or whatever . 
  just my two cents , do n't kill me . 
  been using my personal mac for a year or so and did n't use it once . 
  i have another mac at work where i have more important stuff though . 
  wow that 's just sad . 
  they 've been through so much , managed to scored points against all odds ... yeah , just sad . 
  drivers reacting to memes ? 
  count me in . 
  wow , seriously ... if that 's not orange livery tease , i do n't know what is . 
  mclaren hype !, 
  `` luke 's new force powers '' ( or something like that ), 
  reality : summary of his powers in legends . 
  * sigh *, 
  i think he was just angry about the entire kill your dad thing and was taunting finn . 
  wow , that 's an interesting idea . 
  it certainly works both ways . 
  i always kinda asumed that vader was there on his own without any emperor influence/knowledge .
