  heck i even forgot that there was his str parked . 
  i just kinda ... blocked it out in amazement of that crash . 
  like younger and hotter tarja turunen . 
  well , not so much in this pic , but in others i just see tarja 's younger sister . 
   they have been burned twice ... 
  that has to be the darkest pun i 've ever seen . 
  that was actually pretty reasonable thing to expect tho . 
  i see you like adding extra salt . 
  into my wounds . 
  not like it would n't be warranted though . 
  palmer is considerably below hulkenberg 's level . 
  but i think it wo n't be as dominant as some may think it will be . 
  what the fuck . 
  people bitching about old times like the racing was sooooooooooo much better and full off nascar-esque close action and no single team dominance . 
  cause it was n't . 
  i 'd rather take renault but whatever . 
  williams kubica hype it is then !, 
  wish they had correct helmets in the set too . 
  `` multi 21 , artistical reproduction , circa 2013 . '', 
  is it wireless ? 
  maybe try it with microusb connection ? 
  i sometimes have these issues on my bootcamp . 
  well that excludes those minor chances of going elsewhere that verstappen had . 
  [ or like lewis did n't want alonso next to him . 
  ] ( http://www.espn.co.uk/f1/story/_/id/19125182/lewis-hamilton-fernando-alonso-mercedes-2018-not-going-happen ), 
   `` so far valtteri and i have a great balance and the scales weigh up nicely . 
  if you have got two kilos on either side , and then take the two kilos off and put four on , what is the point ? 
  you need the balance . '', 
  the most poetic way ever to say `` i want my number 2 driver as well . '', 
  i do n't blame him . 
  but let 's not act like vettel is the only one possibly doing this . 
  and yet they put touchid into iphone 8 . 
  because coming on stage and saying `` it 's kinda meh when you compare it to touchid but at least it 's something . '', 
  would totally work well for sales and stocks , right ... 
  i actually think it looks amazing . 
  it looks so massive , fucking speed beast . 
  i know it is obviously just friday fp . 
  but i thought so in italy as well and how did that go ... 
  i 'm nervous to say the least . 
  i love me some fins and t-wings . 
  not a problem for me at all . 
  given how much shit he gets there , i do n't that 's a good idea for his psychological state coming to races . 
  i missed enthusiastic happy seb . 
  the best kind of seb . 
  king of singapore at it again . 
  beautiful . 
  i just hope he does n't get bombed by max at the start . 
  i really wished to see some of them mchonda 's to split mercedes at the very least . 
  imagine the memes . 
  how ? 
  hot fuck that was on the edge when accelerating out of turn 11-12 complex . 
  i know right . 
  i think he wanted to say `` baby '' after that first `` yes '' , i could almost hear it there . 
  just like the old days . 
  also - i wish we had this camera on all cars all the time . 
  i hate that over the shoulder camera that even ferrari uses at times . 
  or max 's move on ricciardo in hungary . 
  yeah , that oversteer and hit of the wall certainly did n't make him faster . 
  it looks like fine hybrid between rally and f1 lol . 
  come on mr. buxton , spill it . 
  how was it ? 
  true reason behind his good mood after finish . 
  chill out man . 
  there are no more tracks like singapore or monaco for the rest of the calendar this year and who the hell knows how is ferrari going to cope with turbos and stuff . 
  i 'm a pesimist by nature but still i think it 's rational to think that odds are still slightly more aligned towards lewis given how fast their car is on power tracks . 
  the shitstirrer . 
  your local cinemas , this sunday . 
  i know that he was being cheeky post-quali about vettel having to watch out for championshp while they have nothing to lose ... but i do n't think he would deep down prefer seb just being pushed off the track or have his race and potential points gains ruined completely . 
  [ beep button guy before race start . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/czhnk21inilko/giphy.gif ), 
  i felt the same . 
  as with everything , salt is good in moderation . 
  too much salt causes bad arguments . 
  and high blood pressure . 
  i saved one that somebody compiled in older thread , this makes just another fine addition to the meme ... 
  master of the formula 3 2005 formula bmw champion 2006-2007 a1 grand prix champion master of the 2008 formula 3 euro series championship season 2009 gp2 rookie and world drivers ' champion for art grand prix 2010 petrobras brazilian grand prix polesitter for williams grand prix engineering 2015 24h of lemans overall winner for porsche in le mans prototypes class 1 in the 2015 fia world endurance championship season fia platinum class superlicence holder and lap record holder at the bruce mclaren motosports parksir tt-circuit assen track record holder nico `` see ya later '' `` no hands '' `` the-incredible-hulk '' `` fuck yeah in your face '' h\u00fclkenberg, 
  not the most popular . 
  fairly robotic in interviews for the most part and not exactly exciting on track ... but man he was faster than he gets credit for . 
  in 2016 luck was somewhat on his side , but he still had a very good set of qualis and races where he genuinely outpaced lewis hamilton . 
  not an easy feat to achieve . 
  given how fia handles wet races these days , maylander might actually win it . 
  i mean, 
  yeah, 
  obviously when he 's cool . 
  honestly when he 's mad . 
  i 'm pretty sure everbody , including everybody at red bull , took that as a joke . 
  except you . 
  yeah , because vettel is well known for being constantly dead serious and not cracking any jokes at all , right ... 
  you may consider his jokes cringy or whatever . 
  that 's matter of taste , but he 's clearly not serious about this `` issue '' . 
  do n't underestimate charlie . 
  lol he really bombed into that interview . 
  at first it was all fun but then lewis did n't really seem to like that she hopped in for the ride . 
  he was trying to play it nice but she really was a bit obnoxious . 
  i know , it 's her job , but still ... 
  i have opposite problem . 
  i need to go in approx 3 hours of planned race start . 
  one of us will get lucky . 
  inbefore all drivers turn vegan just for pace gains . 
  kinda like when sport got a lot more professional , it gets alot more vegan lol .
