  i 'd much rather have indy style helmet cams and 360 cameras . 
  he has a habit of losing them , so he just goes into action with reserve . 
  smart move tbh . 
  after all , that weapon is his life . 
  wow , this has to be one of the best memes in a long time . 
  well done op . 
  yet some still question if vettel deserves to have a great car ( not really here , but seen some on fb ) ... he fucking works hard for it . 
  races like this one are just a story to tell . 
  i think he acknowledged it 's existence with darksaber lore part in rebels . 
  artstyle of that scene in trials of darksaber was very reminiscent of tartakovsky 's clone wars . 
  phew . 
  good to get a clarification on that from man himself . 
  this was my biggest potential gripe with rebels s4 . 
  please do n't . 
  we 're not kimi fans . 
  he was just slow and clunky . 
  he has to be faster than vettel for that to happen . 
  ok then ... 
  good bye champion . 
  what did he do ? 
  do i miss something ? 
  watched it three times and did n't notice anything . 
  finished my bachelor final , now onto master 's degree studies come late september !, 
   actually got a bit lucky when picking questions and had it for a. 
  a lot of beer has been drunk since tuesday . 
  seems like kimi was able to get over it . 
  would be great if you could do it as well . 
  he can be faster over single lap sometimes , as he was in monaco quali or on many occasions in 2016 qualis . 
  but i am skeptical if he can still do it over full race distance . 
  depends if he would be able to handle all circuits . 
  seb better not piss daniil off this year . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  although i do n't really see what seb did wrong there to be honest . 
  tha braking speed though . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's like ship emerging from hyperspace in star wars . 
  he defended against none other than fernando alonso like a champ . 
  most dislike towards him is deserved , but on that day he was absolutely amazing . 
  well it 's ferrari international assistance after all . 
  i 'm happy for that . 
  although i 'm not sure if it 's fair ... 
  i 'm ready for some rogers !, 
  i 'm looking forward to this more than i was looking forward to battle droids episode in rebels . 
  quality post op . 
  i ca n't really disagree with it 's message though ... 
  this was amazing . 
  especially considering that it 's the real thing and not just a replica . 
  wow . 
  great stuff . 
  lewis is back in business and aims for some revenge hehe . 
  what a lap . 
  seriously , i ai n't even mad that seb is behind him when he happens to beat him with such performance . 
  if 2017 was n't absolutely awesome already , imagine if renault brings in robert fucking kubica . 
  please . 
   i mean vettel has n't won a race from pole yet so why should n't he be optimistic . 
  that 's actually a bit funny considering his reputation from `` back in the days '' hehe . 
  i 'm so fucking buying a modern gaming system this year . 
  this was amazing . 
  please add playable ahsoka . 
  nope , it 's a myth spread by journalists , he denied it himself . 
  except not at all . 
  so what do you guys think is the reason behind relatively low conversion rate ( pole-win ) here in canada ? 
  dynamic conditions that change alot ? 
  that 's not crofty . 
  that 's the spirit ... well ... somewhat ... looking at your flair ... 
  some top notch racing by stroll so far tbh . 
  pretty mild reaction from sky on fi team orders . 
  funny when you think how they reacted about nonexistent team orders last race weekend ... 
  even better now lol , they are saying they should have done it . 
  they should have to be fair , but i still like to point it out . 
  come on sebinho, 
  german hammertime, 
  that was mental . 
  vettel majestic recovery drive . 
  did n't actually believe for top 5 once he pitted for that wing . 
  i 've seen it being loose right after sc started , sucks that ferrari took the risk ( or did n't see it ) ... but hey , for what it 's worth it ended well . 
  great race . 
  congrats to lh and his fans . 
  ca n't really say anything against that win after such performance yesterday . 
  well controlled . 
  edit : i 'd also like to point out that i really liked stroll 's driving today . 
  credit where it 's due . 
  if you disagree , that 's fine . 
  but i do n't give a shit . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  hots : vettel , hamilton , ocon , stroll ( yeah , wow ) ... would have been rbr had it not been for max 's problem . 
  oh and also max for that start . 
  that was something else lol . 
  nots : sainz , perez , mclaren and toro rosso . 
  both frontrunners are tbh , whoever comes up on top in the end will be a 100 % deserving of the fame . 
  amazing start tho . 
  my worst prediction ever tbh . 
  yeah , they probably have a big remote control that has a `` kill car '' button on it . 
  this is n't cartoon lol . 
  huh ? 
  i am european and filled it . 
  race ended at what , 22:00 ? 
  not exactly very late . 
  do a backflip with the car , i guess . 
  now that i think of it , the fact that massa had to dnf so early probably helped stroll 's rating considerably .
