  hera focuses more on military stuff , kanan and ezra go on doing their own jedi stuff from time to time ... now sabine left them , compare to first season they are very scattered . 
  yeah , overtaking at barcelona always sucked . 
  i 'd actually back that change . 
  fuck no , i am not getting hyped for ferrari just to feel that pain again . 
  but yeah ... good job ... just keep that up until actual season starts pls . 
  that was the best day of entire 2015 . 
  yeah , and in return some people say that he 's not good for the sport just because he does n't share all of his on-track stuff on instagram . 
  sad . 
  sometimes even makes me wonder how much time would certain other drivers spend with fans had it not been for their bragging rights on social media . 
  * just saying *, 
  shit you 're right , that 's what i wanted to say . 
  hopefuly i did n't jinx it with that mistake . 
  it 's fun as long as you are able to believe it . 
  i am more hyped about dantooine because we could get more nods towards old republic era rather than just exploring a rebel base . 
  heck it would be really cool if that base was built inside ruins of old jedi temple . 
  daaaamn . 
  hype, 
  there has to be some referece for sure , filoni 's people would n't miss such a chance and they sure love kotor era ( in the end , who does n't ) . 
  twice in cinema . 
  to each their own . 
  canada is one of the best imo . 
  that 's because he is looking at god . 
  underrated woman . 
  that guy in comments who photoshoped it onto real photo though . 
  what does valtteri bottas look like ? 
  edit : hit that downvote once again . 
  hit that downvote , i dare you , i double dare you . 
  surely it looks promising , but let 's not forget that red bull is way better at in-season development . 
  ferrari might be better first few races , but later in the season this train could hit a massive wall . 
  with that in mind , i 'm still onboard . 
  calm down jj . 
  this actually is a shade of pink that i would n't mind . 
  except mclaren . 
  off-season : mclaren might make it hard for ferrari . 
  after the tests : rip alonso . 
  i 'm glad at least some appreciate it . 
  maybe that edit did n't help but who cares . 
  hah , i do n't think i 've ever seen such turnaround in votes over night . 
  pulp fiction fans rejoice !, 
  solid episode ( though this season specifically had way better pieces tbh ) , but we really need more details on canon dantooine . 
  please . 
  nothing at all besides the fact that he wanted to execute palpatine without trial ... and all things considered that was n't really a bad idea . 
  cody , i want him to fight rex and have them both find out the truth about anakin skywalker . 
  i want him to realize he was in the wrong , that he just commited to his programming and believed in lies , realizing he fought on the wrong side the entire life , and then in tears die in sacrifice while screaming `` for the republic '' , saving important part of rebellion . 
  i mean ... sure , give this material to proper writers to make it sound less cringey , but you get the general concept . 
  i 'd also like more connections to rogue one , more lightsaber-to-lightsaber combat , mandalore freeing themselves from empire and more nods and confirmations of stuff that happened in kotor era . 
  i really hope they do n't kill off thrawn just yet , make him stay as the main bad guy even in s4 . 
  eli5 high wings, 
  did they make cars fly ? 
  it even differentiates between when you just hit spacebar - then it acts as a `` zoomed in '' toggle , but when you hold it the window comes into original state once you release the spacebar . 
  nice attention to detail considering most people will probably never use it , but hey , cool !, 
  just play kotor games tbh . 
  that 's the only way you can really appreciate that story . 
  reading up a summary is n't cutting it . 
  hunt 's cig is such a nice detail hehe . 
  i love how sincere everybody looks in that picture . 
  so heartwarming . 
  if only red bull did n't fuck up ricciardo 's pit stop on sunday . 
  i wish they had at least one venator class star destroyer . 
  or stolen empire star destroyer for what it 's worth . 
  both rbr drivers are potential goat material . 
  just give them the right machinery . 
  except ron dennis . 
  lol . 
  so much for `` mclaren might still pull it over . '', 
  hopes . 
  i really wo n't be surprised at all if he says fuck it during the season , or at it 's end . 
  and that 's not taking into account potential solid performance by ferrari that many journalists will shove into his face . 
  it 's odd but at this point i no longer really see him as a huge rival for seb , it 's been so long since ... 
  i just wish to see him perform well . 
  and it seems like that 's too unrealistic with that package . 
  i 'm sorry for fernando . 
  this is just sad . 
  if you covered the car part of the screen and it was n't a v6 hybrid i 'd say it 's rb6 footage . 
  i fucking love this . 
  nah , they performed well in 2015 testing but last year not so much . 
  especially when it comes to mileage . 
  you know maul himself is hyped af hehe . 
  they also focused on harder compounds way more than before . 
  as long as other characters come to him to tatooine it all makes sense . 
  problem would be if he suddenly out of nowhere appeared on malachor for example . 
  but that obviously did n't happen so all good . 
  woah , that was very detailed survey . 
  nice job . 
  last year i remember voting for ferrari winning and seb being the champion ... this year i was a bit more ... realistic . 
  lewis/merc it is 90 % . 
  as for which team has the strongest lineup , i first voted rbr , but then realised it 's kind of a boring automatic answer ... and gave it to mclaren instead . 
  vandoorne should be good and alonso himself raises team 's overall score by 9000 . 
  speculating using a calculator makes it a calculation ofc . 
  til people care for credit on memes . 
  not really his fault that people like his reposts ... mind you , ** from other media ** . 
  what about those people who post here articles that get hundreds of upvotes ? 
  does that make them karma whores as well ? 
  i think you missed the point of reddit . 
  i hope nobody gets scared away from reposting from other sites onto this sub by such comments because on some days i barely even have time to keep up with reddit alone , let alone shitton of other sites . 
  hard to believe that this was 7 years ago . 
  feels like yesterday to me . 
  i know it 's a hard clich\u00e9 comment but i really do feel like that . 
  so ... uh ... does alonso showing middlefinger to honda and going home count as a driver losing seat ? 
  it 's been there for 3 seasons already .
