  i thought it was impossible because the ssd is soldered into motherboard ? 
  or is that a case just with airs ? 
  sure , he was on stage with parkway drive . 
  pretty damn cool if you ask me . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bbtwldaunmy/?taken-by=danielricciardo ) he has some more stuff with them on his instagram , just go through it if you are interested . 
  apparently he 's a big fan . 
  feel free to name the apps that professionals can use to do their jobs . 
  it can read emails and web . 
  what else ? 
  ios photoshop is not even close . 
  video editing software ? 
  not even close . 
  software development ? 
  not even close . 
  not saying that surface pro is the best pro device out there ... to be honest i think the best pro devices are still conventional laptops , may it be windows laptop or macbook . 
  but surface pro is still closer to your general pro device . 
  just because your or somebody else 's `` pro '' usage is very light does n't make ipad the better `` pro '' device . 
  also your `` ipad apps are maturing all the time '' = `` yeah it 's not there , but it will get there '' could be said about both anyways . 
  but to be fair , i disagree with op 's idea . 
  / / edit : keep it classy people , i do n't ride on `` ipad is professional device '' train , therefore i need to be downvoted right ... 
  `` think different . '', 
  slowly transformed into `` think about all those sweet adapters you can get . '', 
  ^ ^ ... ^ ^ for ^ ^ 50 ^ ^ bucks . 
  it 's more or less an old circlejerk . 
  just like when people make fun of ie10 + or edge on windows side of things , despite the fact that it 's been pretty decent for a long time . 
  ie6 tainted it 's reputation permanently . 
  and so did older version of itunes for windows . 
  though to be fair i really feel like mac version is way snappier even these days - tested it myself on the same hardware . 
  it 's noticeable for me . 
  but good for you if it works good . 
  you 're one of those guys who bought 100 dollar crappy android phone and then compared it to iphone that costs 6 times more , right ? 
  yeah . 
  plus at this point pretty much every essential feature is already implemented . 
  everything that comes these days is basically nice to have . 
  yeah , i really struggle to see what 's the fuss about . 
  it seems like a bunch of attention seeking people on social media are trying to outsmart people who are making the movies ... yet they fail horribly . 
  at least this time around . 
  initially , yeah ... but over time `` i hate sand '' or `` noooo '' grew into a stupid internet meme that really just made prequels hating rather `` cool '' thing to do . 
  i know people who are bashing them constantly or pulling out these cringy lines as jokes , yet when you ask them for their favorite sw they immediately say it 's rots or even aotc because mad arena battle . 
  these people do n't know shit about how to actually rate movies based on dialogues , storytelling or situations that make sense , they are just riding on meme train . 
  not everybody who hates on prequels is like that , there are legit criticisms as well , but there are many people who act just like i described . 
  i hate that . 
  hating prequels was legit internet `` cool '' train . 
  ( i love rots too , but i openly defended prequels since ever so ... ), 
   i never heard a single negative comment about tpm until after the rlm review, 
  this . 
  people watched that `` review '' and suddenly thought how experienced they are in understanding real movie qualities . 
  i hate what that review has done to prequels and their legacy on internet for years . 
  i also found it rather weird that people actually found the style of that review funny . 
  i think it was way more cringier than the cringiest shit we 've had in star wars , like ... ever . 
  they could 've just made regular `` what 's wrong in this movie '' clip , but instead they want for this pseudo-funny retard tone . 
  kinda ironic , they try to criticise qualities of something yet the way they do it is rather shit as well . 
  oh there you go guys , prequel haters stopped hating prequels because they moved onto hating on sequels . 
  seriously , how can you know that ? 
  you 've seen viii before it was even finished ? 
  lucky you . 
  i like all 7 of them . 
  some more , some less . 
  they are all star wars to me . 
  and star wars is my childhood . 
  it 's literally the last thing that still makes me still feel like a child again , there 's no way flaws in any of those movies are going to take this away from me . 
  this applies even on those upcoming movies . 
   common sense 2016 + an adblocker will prevent most viruses . 
  this applies on recent windows versions as well ( w7 + ) . 
  it 's amazing to think that at this point we really have to spend a few minutes looking for details to decide whether the footage is real or from a game though . 
  that downshifting sound into last corner ... so brutal , yet so beautiful . 
  well to me it 's not what got me hooked , but after few episodes i noticed this as well . 
  usually i really do n't like kid scenes , let alone series that give so much focus on kids . 
  but man these children characters were amazingly written and executed by great child actors . 
  every single one of them had unique character that ultimately meant that each of them was enjoyable in a different way . 
  even when it started with the scene of playing a game ... 
  i was like `` oh not like this ... '' ( did n't see trailer or anything , my roommate got me to watch it with him ) ... and then it turned out great !, 
  but overall , i think it 's more of a combination of little details that makes stranger things so great and by far the best series i 've seen for a long while . 
  and kid actors are definitely one of those fine details that make up for greater bigger picture . 
  i was n't this hyped for another season of series since first season got finale . 
  reddit being reddit . 
  technically speaking , it should be possible with some mad home engineering . 
  air has enough power for up to 4k resolution , so power is not a problem . 
  problem is ... how would you want to fit a retina display there . 
  especially given that display part on rmbp/rmb are different in sizes ( not talking screen size , but actually display piece size ) . 
  like i said ... mad home engineering . 
  i would n't want to do that , better just go ahead and buy rmbp if you want that sweet 13 inch retina . 
  yeah . 
  it applies on every damn champion . 
  you can be second coming of senna but you wo n't win shit in f1 if you are stuck in midfield car . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4y8cqwwv6c ) tested quite a few games on latest mba . 
  look at it and judge for yourself whether it 's solid for your gaming needs or not . 
  though ... if you have an air ( no matter which year ) , why do n't you just try it yourself without asking here ? 
  definitely . 
  it 's one of those arcs that really bring clone wars on whole new level . 
  last year they promised and hyped race of f1 racers attending the event in karts ... pretty much everybody was looking forward to it as it would be our ultimate opportunity to see tham all in equal machinery against each other actually battling and stuff ( roc is more of a time attack competition otherwise ) . 
  yeah ... sounds amazing ... it never happened . 
  it 's a concept art , not realistic painting . 
  also , who the hell cares besides two nitpickers on reddit ? 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  my god this song should have at least one more repeat . 
  great song , but it 's chorus deserved more presence . 
  i really just listen them for fun if that makes sense . 
  same applies on live performances ... they are damn fun and exciting , but their music is ... eh , do n't get me wrong .
