  and media/public would tear him apart in this social media age . 
  good point , i generally just thought of scenario in which neither car is raceable after incident . 
  very fair tactic , he would be stupid if he did n't do it . 
  well driven , well defended , good season . 
  red bull driver swap is the most surprising to me . 
  ferrari 's and vettel 's downfall is the saddest to me . 
  oh here we go ... 
  one tabloid started making up stuff and everybody else is just building up on that false news . 
  2 of them ferrari drivers . 
  2 of them mercedes drivers . 
  seb needs to switch seat with nico . 
  same jokes though . 
  finally somebody high profile backs him up . 
  good guy kimi . 
  complaining about saltiness by making another pointlessly salty thread ... way to go op . 
  the war continued for another year or so , it ended after battle of jakku . 
  it was more of a symbolic victory that started major turnaround in war . 
  without strong leader such as palpatine empire was sooner or later going to fall . 
  yeah . 
  2011 is terribly overshadowed by dominant vettel , but otherwise was really fun season as well . 
  if any of rbr-winning seasons were bad , it definitely was 2013 . 
  others were either awesomesauce ( 2010 , 2012 ) or good ( 2011 ) . 
  disliking personality is n't equal to not respecting drivers ability and performances . 
  same goes with max . 
  speaking for myself ofc . 
  best meta post ever . 
  what, 
  good relations with mercedes , lots of mutual banter , toto seemingly really likes the guy , lauda might be talking out of his ass alot , but in brazil max definitely grew in his eyes as well . 
  that hats off to jos said it all . 
  i feel like he clearly says that every other time he speaks . 
  also staying in desert after all that shit happens for the rest of your life does n't help . 
  made by based dave filoni himself too . 
  sf-15t does it for me . 
  it was just so clean ... especially compared to 2016 car . 
  i honestly hope he does n't pull this move . 
  nobody knows where mercedes is going to be next year ... sure , probably better than messy ferrari , but there 's hamilton and chances are rbr might still be better package overall which leaves them to finishing second , which certainly is n't the grand target . 
  it 's sentimental and irrational on my side , but i 'd rather see him try and fail again with ferrari than winning it with mercedes . 
  this as well is a huge test of how genuine his ferrari love is . 
  please , seb . 
  do n't do this , however tempting it might seem . 
  continue trying to fulfil baby-schumi legacy . 
  please . 
  nice to see that people are finally showing some respect to george lucas . 
  he made some mistakes along the road , yes , but he deserves alot of credit nevertheless . 
  definitely more than he gets nowadays . 
  good . 
  god damn it , not another death star movie !!!, 
  they will go there into hiding in series finale . 
  yeah , i am very interested in seeing some imperial coruscant . 
  but provided it 's the heart of empire , i do n't see that happening in rebels time-frame . 
  [ behind the scenes from filming . 
  `` then you will die . '', 
  we all knew it was coming down to this . 
  still hit me strong . 
  i needed some beer after that episode . 
  it 's amazing how animated star wars managed to go from rather meh experiment ( imho ) into one of the greatest expansions of prequel ( \\* ) era to the point when certain scenes are almost as iconic as movie 's iconic scenes . 
  \\* most people seem to call rogue one a prequel so i guess rebels counts as prequel as well . 
  hopefuly not a movie title . 
  title is one of the very few things i honestly dislike about tfa and even after year ca n't get over it . 
  not like i hate it , but it irks me when i have to say it out loud . 
  `` the force awakens '' ... 
  i do n't know . 
  to me it sounds way too corny and marketing-ish . 
  would have been an okay name for a game , but not for a movie . 
  hopefuly they will up their title game and this is just some upcoming game . 
   the anakin of the films is him on his really , really , really shitty days . 
  being lured by maniacal powermonger into mass murdering that includes children , choking your pregnant wife in rage and allowing for fall of democracy by transitioning it into autocracy while also being depressed after fighting a war that is meant not to be won by either side . 
  just another monday . 
  wish we could easily ignore so called fans who shit talk all of star wars except ot on any occassion as well ... 
  that title was also very fitting considering how batshit crazy those games were about force hehe . 
  you played as superhero with lightsaber . 
  was n't that also the thing that stopped newey from joining them as his wife did n't want to move ? 
  they are losing big time by being stubborn about italy . 
  for first season , maybe . 
  provided how much alonso is hyped as super-adaptable driver though ... some of that hype would diminish . 
  oh me too for sure , but to each their own . 
  let 's also not forget `` friends and family live home '' aspect of it . 
  she 's probably very comfy and happy in the uk . 
  as far as my understanding goes they do n't have to do any of these gestures , even for force pushes/pulls etc. 
  it just happens that these gestures help both jedi and sith focus on it . 
  it certainly feels like natural move nevertheless . 
  we 've seen that in ot too - he force chokes the guy without any gesture while looking at him through tv . 
  another great thing is how vader respects his command . 
  just from that you can tell he respects the man alot , he could crush him anytime . 
  you know you 've made it when darth vader obeys your orders . 
  just do n't say any f words to police officers and it 's all fine . 
  i like subtle jabs at rlm and their fanboys throughout this video . 
  well done . 
  salary came early this month so that we do n't have to do last minute rush through malls , i passed all exams this week and rogue one is less than a week away . 
  great week i would say . 
  any die hard star wars fans like me around this place ? 
  i am so incredibly pumped to see darth fucking vader once again on big screen . 
  heh , i can understand that . 
  i experienced this kids issue at avatar . 
  twice . 
  luckily enough tfa was absolutely fine , partially probably because it was n't weekend showing so there were mostly uni-age students , just a few kids , nothing bad . 
  rogue one debuts in same style so i hope it 's going to be very similar . 
  not like i would have any issues to go see the movie more than once if first time does n't cut it though ... :-p, 
  also , those people spoiling tfa just for lols were grinding my gears big time . 
  i 've seen it on second showing so i was very safe in that regard , but later that week people were literally using `` rip - '' nicknames on cs : go .
