  it would make for an amazing show !, 
  just to get ham ros ves ( t ) again anyways . 
  you want to kill this entire sub or what . 
  mighty shit from alonso right there . 
  quite magnificent that lewis still got a top 10 time even with that mistake though . 
  great car . 
  alonso 2 secs behind merc now . 
  back to reality guys . 
  i just crapped myself . 
  where is that guy saying `` alonso go fuck shit up ! '', 
  you got what ya wanted mate . 
  underwhelming performance from seb today . 
  not gon na lie though , i am thankful for alonso 's mistake . 
  gives us more hope for a fun race . 
  german efficiency . 
  and here i am sitting and being somewhat proud that an f1 driver is using a \u0160koda . 
  i know , it 's pretty much german brand now and without vw it likely would n't already be there , but hey ... in our hearts it 's still a czech car brand . 
  not really tbh . 
  at least not during the quali . 
  you forgot one part - he is also a two time wdc . 
  alonso wins the race confirmed . 
  also the race that follows is always worth it . 
  as long as they crash safely . 
  it 's easier to get caught off when it 's not a kimi related thread . 
  you do n't expect quokka in these threads . 
  nico , but these days it 's mostly down to my annoyance with teamlh on social media . 
  they are like haryanto indonesian fans , the only difference is that it 's harder to avoid them as their icon is winning championships and stuff . 
  that finnish guy was classic . 
  `` i do n't know . '', 
  i 'm ready for another ferrari disappointment . 
  true . 
  i am not ready to be surprised then . 
  damn that 's savage . 
  sparing them of embarassement ... makes me wonder if somebody from the crew heard him . 
  he still works with rbr at times , probably feeling like at home there . 
  oh come on . 
  they are doing their job . 
  tastes better with vodka . 
  source : hangover today . 
  edit : seriously though , just buy a kid energy drink , which is pretty much sugar water with energy drink flavor without caffeine ... they all taste almost the same unless you are going for some crazy monster-esque flavors . 
  oh man button 's win with allen commentary . 
  legendary moment . 
  it was a long night . 
  if it happens i really hope it 's ric this time . 
  honeybadger needs some uplift . 
  fun start . 
  must have gotten into a race thread on an f1 subreddit by accident then ? 
  come on rosberg !, 
  at least try mate !, 
  straight to the point jenson . 
  give them the most shit you can . 
  fuck them . 
  major props for directors putting that radio into feed though . 
  what a battle mate !, 
  ferrari played this well for once . 
  damn my stream is like minute and half behind rest of this sub it seems . 
  raikkonen made this race to me , who would have guessed . 
  top class driving from him . 
  dotd no doubts . 
  really surprisingly shining performance . 
  i found his race rather standard , nothing that would shine through . 
  i 'm not really sure to be honest , but i find it very weird that they did n't even announce looking into the matter . 
  what the hell ... 
  glad i made you laugh . 
  people say that about every other champion buddy . 
  in fact button is one of the most popular drivers out there . 
   vettel has gotten into a bad habit of venting his frustration over the radio, 
  yeah , like 10 years ago . 
  so was maldonado . 
  there 's no way around it no matter how he puts it . 
  i am dead sure that lewis was n't going for anything personal , he was just pissed by his behavior . 
  middle finger was very fitting imo . 
  yes . 
  literally everyone is fed up with these rules . 
  well , except fia or whoever made that shit . 
  dae verstappen new golden kid ? 
  to be fair hamilton himself said that he was controlling the pace and saving the pu as much as he could . 
  and from all i 've seen it seemed like that was the case . 
  he always pulled away when he needed to . 
  \\ #president, 
  somebody go and make / r/thekimi, 
  this is one of those incidents in which i really just struggle to trust in steward 's decision . 
  i 'll just leave it there . 
  way to ruin one of the most iconic characters of all time . 
  god damn , hopefuly i 'll forget it . 
  heh , maybe just use other browser ... or , what is my case ... 
  i use an app for twitter anyways . 
  there are a few for all platforms , usually providing better experience than web anyways - but to each their own ofc . 
  did you ever post something that went a bit too far from upper management 's point of view ? 
  how did they react ? 
  that thing when you guys posted a lgbt image before russian gp ( i think 2014 ? ), 
  right after putin announced some anti-gay laws comes to my mind for example . 
  it got taken down quite quickly iirc . 
  i imagine you ca n't really elaborate on this , but hey , i can still try . 
  anyways , keep up on doing an amazing job of keeping us entertained even when there 's not much else happening . 
  this years gp2 lineup is terribly underwhelming though . 
  no big star like with vandoorne last year . 
  i feel like when they are so close it more or less means there is nobody extraordinary . 
  but yeah , they can develop further as time goes by ... 
  not sure if he 's going to enjoy the challenge for many years to come though ...
