  not that many left . 
  never been exactly a fan , but i always admired his passion for the sport and his fans . 
  all this heart bashing , his radio when he got that podium on monza last time `` i 'm getting too old for this . '' ... 
  these are all good memories . 
  coming as the number 2 is no shame when you are put against fernando alonso , he should be proud of what he achieved . 
  he has f1 in his heart and just like mark webber , he left significant mark in this sport despite not being a champion . 
  god i am more emotional about this than i originally expected ... damn feels . 
  forza felipe , enjoy the rest of your final f1 season . 
  wish you best of luck elsewhere . 
  woah . 
  calm down bernie . 
  i like abu dhabi too tbh , not a 10/10 track , but a solid 7 or weaker 8 is definitely rating i give it in my books . 
  f1 has been on worse . 
  would it ? 
  i mean , if rbr somehow makes ricciardo want to leave next year ( and other top team opens - ferrari ? 
  ) , he could be seen as replacement ... 
  is it just me or is ferrari 's wing actually ... kinda big ? 
  verstappen believes that too . 
  i 'm pretty sure he would n't really be bothered with looking for a new job . 
  with most driver 's i 'd think that there was more to that conversation and he 's just playing it pr safely . 
  with raikkonen , i actually believe that 's pretty much how it happened . 
  you 're still trying , i 'll give you an upvote for admirable devotion . 
  and still straight to the point as usual . 
  you 're acting like max was 100 % clear here . 
  both max and seb misjudged situation . 
  anybody who thinks it was just a fault of either one is fairly delusional . 
  sorrynotsorry . 
  most of vettel 's comments about verstappen were regarding his sketchy defense later anyways . 
  not about first corner clash . 
  situations like these are great opportunities to remind people that schumi is one of the dirtiest drivers . 
  he was amazingly fast , had next level talent back in his days , great dedication , and brought athletic professionalism and precision into f1 ... but when he fell short with these feats , dirty maneuvers were his automatic go to last resort tactic . 
  i respect the man like pretty much anybody , he 's my childhood hero and true goat of f1 , but that does n't mean that i should be blind towards some of his actions and maneuvers . 
  schumi or senna driving the same way at times does n't justify verstappen 's driving . 
  it just shows that other drivers were dirty as well . 
  his issues were deeper than verstappen 's to be absolutely fair ... sometimes he just wrecked the car just because he was n't paying attention to driving or whatever . 
  verstappen is just overly aggressive + for wrong reasons . 
  you do realise that this wannabe edgy sarcastic remark includes you , right ... 
   and you do n't even have the ves flair . 
  contrary to popular beliefs of his fanbase people dislike comments of most verstappen fans based on what they say , not because they have this tiny generic red bull helmet next to their username ( from far they are almost indistinguishable from other rbr helmets ) . 
  sure there might be some asshole who clicks on guys username and downvotes all of his stuff , but i doubt most can be bothered . 
  4th highest frontpage post if not counting for announcement posts . 
  thread full of positive comments , lowest voted comment actually being against hulk 's statement . 
  turns out anti-sub generalising circlejerks did n't work this time either . 
  i pay attention every time but even then i get lost after like 15 seconds . 
  sometimes it feels like his english is slowly transitioning into finnish with every more second he spends talking . 
  i heard he won that race in spa or something . 
  i would n't mind seeing him win but in all honesty lewis is just too much better and with that in mind i 'd say he deserves it more even though i passionately hate these `` this was more deserving champion '' talks . 
  something in me would like to see lewis ' blessed booty get kicked but i 'm afraid it wo n't be rosberg doing the kicking in long term . 
  he 's good , but lewis is the best . 
  that 's the problem there . 
  hehe , this - i 'd love to see how would he talk had he been in raikkonen 's position . 
  though to be fair he 's generally just talking in this `` well technically it 's within the rules '' sense . 
  well their latest progress was very solid , i 'd like to see that ... but i 'll keep me expectations realistic . 
  ferrari disappointments are good enough for making me sad when watching f1 at this moment . 
  i 'm wondering if he honestly at least remotely thinks of challenging top next year . 
  huh , just when i was thinking that this year 's silly season is rather weak ... well i was wrong . 
  it 's smart to be more cautious for sure , more or less no news there . 
  spa was the same story . 
  i 'm almost feeling like they did that just because of how clinical they want these media sessions to be . 
  when seb and lewis were joking all the time during russian gp conference ( last year i think ) they got overly anxious and angry about it to the point when they told them to behave . 
  like ... what the hell . 
  such conference would be top popcorn material no matter who you side with . 
  almost like that one when trulli ( was it trulli ? ), 
  pulled out photos of incident to defend himself against ... eh , sutil i think ? 
  it 's been a while but damn that was hillarious conference . 
  loved how he came here prepared . 
  remind me , what was wrong with nexus name ? 
  til that venting on team radio = complaining to stewards . 
  that 's like saying that regular joe who drives on public road is calling police on every driver that pisses him off somehow . 
  my original comment in post race thread stated that i do n't care how technically within the set rules it is . 
  it 's dangerous and not exactly best practice at 330 km/h . 
  the rules should be changed if they allow for this type of stuff . 
  it looks silly when we look at all this safety kneejerking with halo , yet then we allow for such moves . 
  especially given that other drivers were penalised for these in the past . 
  and yes , that is my opinion , and not even senna coming back from the dead to tell me otherwise changes it . 
  so to other `` vicious reddit hoards '' and `` r/formula1 must be confused '' commenters - i do n't give a flying fuck and i am not changing my opinion on the matter . 
  enjoy it while it lasts , hopefuly somebody wo n't get hurt in the process . 
  but hey , at least verstappen fans have some backing too . 
  balances shit a bit , i guess . 
  great weekend ahead , let 's just enjoy monza . 
  same thing with alonso 's release in the pits really . 
  it seemed like they did n't care at all . 
  i do n't hate the games or anything , some of them were pretty fun both online and in singleplayer ... it 's like a great interactive action movie . 
  but holy damn these sales are such a joke . 
  i 'd actually buy some newer ones that i did n't play but not for this price . 
  damn that 's ... definition of savage . 
  i appreciate that . 
  nice . 
  it 's really none of my business but i still wonder how does he pay for all these travelling and gp entry fees . 
  great dedication to f1 , when i get old i want to be like him . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but i actually want villeneuve to comment on something . 
  max went into pretty dark corners with this ( if he actually said that ) . 
  the fact that they can actually hire staff now is uplifting by itself . 
  debris falling off your car and killing somebody is completely out of driver 's control . 
  dude , i hate villeneuve , i really do . 
  he talks shit like 99.99 % of the time and just goes for sensational statemenst to get some recongition , but not like this . 
  to use this tragic death as his defense against villeneuve 's criticism is wrong on many levels . 
  that too for sure . 
  oh i 'm pretty sure nelson is a big verstappen fan at this moment . 
  * sigh *,
