  :p not that i 'm a fan of it . 
   kevin 's ` honey ' is much softer . 
  it was in official `` season so far '' edit by fom too . 
  although this one was better , especially in atmosphere . 
  seems a bit out of character to me tbh . 
  being ahead of driver and said driver having a bad year is n't mutually exclusive . 
  [ one of my favorites . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qvolbuyi0ye?t=1m19s ), 
  childish ? 
  yeah . 
  i still laughed , chill out guys lol . 
  yep , hungary at verstappen . 
  `` this is kmag . '', 
  definitely more powerful than 2011 13s in both cpu and graphical performance . 
  now this is shitposting, 
  well done jeppe96, 
  dae want more drawings and majestic posts, 
  save, 
  this kid is going places . 
  and his comments are actually very reasonable and well formatted . 
  / u/a _ rogue_writer is a fine addition to our collection . 
  seb clearly going for reddit wdc title . 
  not only that , he 's also so nice about everything , even after very hot situations . 
  so guiiis who is the worst driver and why is it palmer ? 
  next to the blue flags box i believe . 
  i think seb holds that record anyways . 
  nah , you better get start getting used to it op . 
  i know , it 's hard . 
  but it 's either that or just not watching f1 ... and i love f1 too much . 
  i do n't think anybody from liberty is happy about it , but they do n't really have any power to change it anyways so they just keep discussions behind closed doors ... 
  they could not . 
  really ? 
  i feel like both driver 's hardcore fanboys and haters are more or less equal in number . 
  vettel even has certain advantage given that he 's wearing red . 
  i like to start career in slower teams , but not the worst ... renault was my 2016 choice and lotus in 2014 , i guess i 'll make it a tradition . 
  [ read this op . 
  ] ( https://support.twitter.com/articles/119135 ), 
  it 's not really that hard to spot fake accounts these days tbh . 
  82 % upvotes . 
  please , stop with shit comments like this . 
  exactly !, 
  not even the worst fanboys or haters from any camp are remotely as annoying as people who are crying when a post they agree with does n't get 1500 + upvotes and play it as if the sub hates them and their drivers . 
  fuck off with that , honestly . 
  every fucking day there 's a thread where somebody pulls out `` you can only be positive about xy driver here . 
  '' , xy driver variable depends on what thread it is , obviously . 
  i 'm really interested how these people work in real life , do they cry in the corner everytime somebody dares to disagree with them on every little thing ? 
  it seems like that 's the case . 
  advice to those : you might as well just skip discussion forums altogether if you really ca n't cope with somebody having a different opinion on the matter . 
  [ i can see why they do n't want anybody take a phone there . 
  ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/ae10c792905b63ff8f6ed965db23735b/tumblr_mniyfxiwvz1rfi9ezo2_250.gif ), 
  that sarcasm flag does n't really belong here . 
  i 'd love to see that , but i do n't really think it 's going to happen . 
  that being said , top 3 teams are currently so packed and there 's alot of young talent coming in ... 
  i do n't see any of them picking him up . 
   he 's comfortably one of the top drivers this season, 
  is this a sarcasm , or am i missing something , or ... 
  i find the game kinda meh , but man this is a great artwork . 
  does anybody possibly have it in high res without all those overlaying texts and logos ? 
  played it in winter , i found it enjoyable in very short bursts , but imo it 's really lacking for hardcore fps players . 
  even when compared to free to play shooters . 
  if playing for an hour after long day is your kind of thing , go for it . 
  if you 're looking for another online fps to spend hundreds of hours with , this is n't for you imo . 
  but feel free to try it , not like the price is gon na break your account . 
  so ... again ... source for that number ? 
  edgy . 
  that 's very shortsighted ... google makes money from ads . 
  ads are on all android phones . 
  android is a direct competition . 
  been thinking about buying eso for a while now , having it for 5 gbp finally pushed me towards buy . 
  read that vanilla game itself has a lot of content to play through , so i guess that 's kind of a hidden gem in this sale for me . 
  not as good to see other sports sites just copying the same interview tho . 
  that 's not always the case when it comes to doing something and advertising that same thing tho . 
  for example here in czechia age of consent is 15 + , but porn still is 18 + . 
  could be something similar when it comes to alcohol in belgium . 
  just guessing tho . 
  was he ? 
  his only truly poor 2015 performance was in mexico , and that 's definitely a second half of the season . 
  hello there get hype, 
  all i see is emma watson tbh . 
  not that it 's a bad thing . 
  so ... uh ... what are the actual odds of him completely demolishing the field in full indycar season ? 
  not poking fun at indy drivers , genuinely asking . 
  oh , well ... in that case ... nah , it still looks like shit . 
  not worth it . 
  he 's not innocent , but he did n't initially fuck up because of wrong intentions . 
  what he did after he fell tho ... that 's another story . 
  well , f1 games from codemasters always had these options , so ... what 's the problem ? 
  i ai n't goint to shit on you for playing on keyboard . 
  doing it myself sometimes as well as not everytime i carry around a gamepad . 
  i also agree that 2013 and 2014 were the last ones that were decently playable on keyboard , since the switch to new engine the game got considerably harder on keyboard , hence why i mostly play these on gamepad nowadays ... 
  ... but f1 2016 on mac was not a mobile port . 
  not even when using `` basically '' term . 
  it was complete package just like console or windows version . 
  i do n't argue that gamepad or wheel is better , it is and i prefer it that way too . 
  but there 's no need to act like a dick when somebody decides to play a game in different way than you do . 
  believe it or not , playing with a controller or wheel does n't automatically make you a better person - no need to drag simracing elitist toxicity into here as well . 
  sounds like they might get the voice acting of movie heroes right this time as well . 
  in first bf it was ... ugh . 
  same here . 
  it 's a fun nostalgia stuff , but i would n't want this to be a thing .
