  amazing job , thanks alot for this !, 
  got ta love this new api and amazing devs in this community . 
  i 'd like if it would simply not say which gear stats you have , just name of the skins you 're using . 
  it happens quite often in pvp lobby that somebody asks `` wow man , that 's cool weapon/armor ... what is it called ? '', 
  seems like alot of development effort for nearly no additional value though . 
  translation : game is too hard now , q_q ca n't afk on facebook while spamming 1 on boss . 
  just stop . 
  maybe he was just a gangsta rper . 
  hah , now i finally see the point of using more accounts . 
  huh ... so vettel wanted to apologize to mark after multi 21 , but changed his mind over the week . 
  that 's just weird . 
  i just thought he went for `` i was a dick and now ca n't take it back so i 'll stick with being a dick '' back in these days . 
  but now reading that he actually wanted to lay it off ... i just do n't see any logic behind his actions . 
  it 's still rather heart-warming that they get along okay now . 
  i did n't expect that to happen . 
  i do n't know why should i care . 
  do we even know that he specifically did n't want to test , or did mercedes tell him `` you know we 'd like to put that wehrlein kid into a car for a moment . '', 
  i doubt it will anyhow hurt his performance . 
  probably . 
  depends on who is my teammate . 
  is he my buddy ? 
  i 'd do it . 
  if not ... tough luck . 
  same as \\ # 2 , with even more emphasis on the buddy question . 
  that whole vettel witch hunt thing certainly did boost his popularity . 
  i do n't know how about `` international waters '' as i was n't around here in 2013 and earlier , but in our local forums webber only became popular once people started seriously hating seb . 
  and by seriously i mean really bad stuff , cancer wishes aimed towards his fans , nazi jokes and other crap . 
  i moved away from f1 discussion on the internet for a while until i found this sub . 
  i do n't see anything harsh or `` old agenda '' - ish like . 
  in fact this is probably the nicest discussion on this matter i 've ever seen . 
  i 've been a huge seb fan since his str days , so i was following him very closely for most of his f1 career . 
  and while it definitely is exaggerated , he really has changed . 
  he 's far more mature now , although that 's just a natural development of most ~ ~ drivers ~ ~ human beings . 
  red suit helps though , you ca n't deny that - alonso was nowhere near being as popular before his ferrari run either . 
  rosberg did beat schumacher in the same car . 
  schumacher has 7 championships . 
  rosberg clearly deserves 7 titles , it 's just british bias . 
  buemi lost it by his spin , no point being angry at senna . 
  fantastic finale for debut season of racing series not many people believed in . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  looking forward for next one . 
  there would be no f1 if there were no fans . 
  in this case i really have no idea why is he in negative numbers , but he has many times stated that he does n't care ... in fact , most long term redditors do n't care , you just get used to it and ignore it . 
  for people who use reddit for a long time it 's virtual measurment of nothing . 
  comment karma is only useful to detect short-term trolls . 
  there we go again with the downvote spree ... well , honestly , i 'd like kimi to stay too , as that means easy stuff for seb . 
  not sure why people think he 'd want stronger teammate , that 's against basic logic . 
  i know i would n't , it 's not really a sin or something . 
   walk of development, 
  lol . 
  does count though . 
  old dog wo n't change . 
  renault mercedes lotus f1 team wcc 2016 calling it now . 
  the partnership everybody fears . 
  british bias cicrlejerk would be stronger than classic kimi cicrlejerk if that happened . 
  they did n't treat him like that yet though . 
  he just got into that position due to being faster . 
  lol . 
  could be possible . 
  in the end he likes social media and reddit kind of is one . 
  man i 'd put on his flair if he got there for ama . 
  he 's still a gp2 champion mate . 
  you do n't buy that with money . 
  how is kmag doing ? 
  webber might disagree . 
  i especially dig this part :, 
   `` if someone like lewis hamilton arrives at the circuit with his dogs , or he is interested in music , then he is accused of something , but if sebastian vettel protects his private life then he is accused of not being interesting enough . 
  it would seem , whatever you do , you 're wrong , '', 
  it 's not just about personalities , this kind of `` whatever it is , it is wrong '' attitude is annoying through the entire f1 . 
  my sauces suggest he was electrocuted . 
  i already got used to seb driving a ferrari . 
  but to put him into f2012 and drive around for ferrari fans ... am i the only one who feels a bit of irony ? 
  somebody from bbc ( i think ) did ask horner if he calls seb like that all the time . 
  and he replied with something like `` you do n't want to know what we call fernando . '', 
  i do n't think it 's fair to differentiate between `` marketing '' and `` racing '' teams . 
  people who are part of the racing team will always think the same way chapman did . 
  i 'd even say it might be an insult if you say to all these passionate people at rbr that they are in just to sell some stupid cans . 
  they are n't there because of that , they are there because they love the sport as much as people at ferrari or mclaren do . 
  with that being said , their bosses might have a bit different mindset as they probably go more for the selling/marketing factor , but that should n't invalidate the passion and hard work people within the racing team put into sport . 
  ca n't really decide between spain/australia/monaco ... russia is very close to these too , but at least i 've had some fun on it in games , which i ca n't really say about other three . 
  playing it safe would in my book be classic cup . 
  it literally fell apart in his hands on the podium . 
  he had full right to complain . 
  brazil . 
  as a track i 'd anytime pick spa , but it does n't always provide as exciting racing . 
  interlagos does . 
  team ca n't tell their driver to save fuel via pitboard ? 
  anyways , i disagree . 
  while i kind of understand your point , f1 still is a teamsport , so i tend to disagree with the general idea of `` let 's put everything on drivers '' . 
  in the end i do n't think this ban would do anything other than making communication with drivers a bit more tedious . 
  you mean those pieces that the other guy did n't like , but started complaining immediately when his teammate used them to his advantage ? 
  yes , that one . 
  this is just sad . 
  not that it really matters , but could n't they ask stewards for exception given the circumstances ? 
  i came here to make star wars reference . 
  you guys were faster . 
  i love you for that . 
  we do . 
  they clarified that . 
  i doubt alonso would try to defend so hard if it was anybody else , and that 's what makes it so awesome .
