  check them out on apple 's website and go for the newest generation ( with dedicated gpu if possible ) that is within your budget . 
  if you do n't want to wait until end of september . 
   the macbook pros are n't likely to debut at an event currently scheduled for sept. 7, 
  which he can do with os x as well ... no ? 
  thank you , 
  native ( no utility apps required ) window management has been miles better for years ( since windows 7 ) . 
  by far . 
  fair enough . 
  though while i use virtual desktops on os x , i could n't really get myself into it on windows ... the touchpad gestures on macs are what makes virtual desktops so nice to use to me . 
  on windows it 's not quite there yet . 
  are you skinnybobzeta 's verstappen camp alterego or something ? 
  wheel was invented thousands of years bc yet we still use them . 
  floppy and optical drives were pretty useless . 
  headphone jack is used on daily basis and works just as well as lightning would . 
  would people get used to it ? 
  yeah ... is there any real reason to drop it except trying to be edgy and increasing profits on proprietary connectors ? 
  nope . 
  tell that to asus or hp . 
   `` completely visually schizophrenic '' describes everything ms has given us since windows 8, 
  windows 8 was probably the peak of this , it seems like they did n't even bother to think about design side of things back in the days . 
  they just took windows phone and slapped it into a desktop os . 
  with windows 10 though , i feel like they are legitimately trying to fix all damage that was done over the years of not giving a damn about looks . 
  sure there are still many design issues with it , but imo it is the most polished version of windows to date . 
  new icons were very welcome change , microsoft software is nicely unified in design and if you are okay with some store apps , they all look pretty close to each other as well . 
  i mean ... 
  i use twitter client and store version of onenote every day and so far i have n't run into any issues . 
  there 's is a crazy ton of legacy design libraries that many older apps are using , but we are slowly getting there . 
  especially considering that microsoft adopted apple 's desktop os version philosophy . 
  now with windows 10 staying for a longer time they are n't forced to change design every few years just because it is expected from new version , and with uwp standards i believe developers can slowly help to undo a damage that was done over the years . 
  oh god this comment turned out rather long . 
  5 bucks in my pocket say that he very likely only knows html coding with basic styling , and thinks how hardcore he is cause he learned that on a mac . 
  avernum 2 please !, 
  thanks , 
  making the phone tiny bit thicker could allow for same camera on both phones . 
  i really like this sub as a source of interesting information , but man some people around here would defend anything with apple logo on it like it ca n't have any downsides to it . 
  `` heck yeah that 's smooth '' kinda smooth, 
  it runs . 
  but especially on macbooks most of the time there is still noticeable framerate loss when you compare the windows and mac version of the game . 
  but yeah , mac gaming has gotten whole lot better lately . 
  he deserves to work on a movie . 
  imagine obi-wan movie written by him . 
  nah , but i read about sierra and performance improvements in wow after implementing metal . 
  exciting stuff , wish that all big companies used this api on mac versions . 
  yeah . 
  tried it on macbook . 
  do n't like it . 
  it feels like a keyboard that i 'd expect from a tablet case rather than proper laptop keyboard . 
  i get it that one can get used to it . 
  but i could also get used to a budget laptop with crappy touchpad and ubuntu installed . 
  point is - i do n't want to . 
  either way i believe they are going to do it anyways in a classic `` they 'll get used to it '' apple fashion . 
  up until rmb they had pretty much the same keyboard on every single device including external keyboards . 
  if there is something apple truly loves , it 's ux consistency . 
  i doubt they would go for two different keyboards , although i would love to be surprised . 
  but verstappen has top quality teammate . 
  i 'm afraid we will never again see ahsoka on a silver screen . 
  or not in a way that would really tie her into her clone wars and rebels story . 
  she would have to be introduced as a whole new character with next to zero ties to her original story ( which would be known only by us ) . 
  while she is very well known by hardcore fans such as pretty much everybody here or on main star wars sub , the general average joe guy who just goes to see the movies does n't know anything about her . 
  and star wars is incredibly popular amongst masses , which is great , but it also means that it has to cater to mainstream audience when it comes to big budget stuff ( such as movies ) . 
  it 's the same reason why we 'll never see darth maul in movies past tpm . 
  for general audience he 's dead and it would create ton of confusion if he suddenly appeared again . 
  and by the way i never really liked the way his survival was explained anyways , but he 's a cool fella with interesting story , so i 'm not even mad . 
  as long as you are n't choking your pregnant wife , comitting a jedicide , blowing up planets , or killing younglin ... oh who am i kidding . 
  dark side is the shit !, 
  only ? 
  i was about to order it , but you made me rethink it . 
  pretty sure the other guys around him are professionals too , they look not even close to his level of relax . 
  [ ... because mainstream media ca n't point out stupidity of my political idol amirite ], 
  i never really thought of old eu stuff as the `` official way '' ( before we started calling it fancily ) the story went alongside/after/before movies to be honest . 
  most of it just felt ... out of place if you will . 
  i spent my childhood growing up on those books and videogames , but there was just that weird feeling . 
  it always was there . 
  it disappeared with new canon . 
  i have no real explanation for this , and while i like certain elements of old eu ... as a whole i consider it as one huge trademark for official fan-content . 
  or as we call it now , legends . 
  as they said in rebels , there is always a bit of truth in legends . 
  but ( new ) canon is where the real star wars is for me . 
  the force awakens is the true successor of rotj to me , not anything from old eu . 
  and that applies on all the new books and comics - and will apply on any games if we happen to finally have a canon game that is n't just some f2p mobile mehfest . 
  new canon books mostly focused on expanding characters that we already knew well , but i do n't really mind that . 
  i mean ... 
  i am crazy hyped about ahsoka book . 
  cue in obligatory social media ca n't overtake comments ... oh wait , they are already here . 
  i 've had a really good day , screw it . 
  i 'm way too chilled to be bothered with that today . 
  [ to all claiming that . 
  formula 1 is a let down because of weird rules changes and poor money distribution , not because of mercedes being too dominant . 
  at least that 's the way i see it . 
  button is a beautiful man but i ca n't really agree with him on this . 
  there has always been dominance in f1 , there are many exciting and beautiful spec series for those who are annoyed about this aspect of formula one . 
  me 3 years ago : yay seb is winning, 
  me 2 years ago : holy shit that ricciardo guy, 
  me 1 year ago : yay seb is winning again ... 
  sometimes, 
  me this year : ... 
  i need a beer ... 
  me today : having a beer . 
   like i 'm not having a go, 
  except you are .
