  everytime i remained negative and skeptical they actually won the race . 
  so i 'll just stay skeptical and negative and we shall see . 
  better not to jump on any hopes and be pleasantly surprised . 
  so far this season it really worked . 
  not really a fan of this one to be honest . 
  car does n't look like it 's on the road and everything looks as if it went through some instagram-esque fake hdr . 
  wtf, 
  yeah , so ... ? 
  that 's pretty much what he said . 
  they must have just changed position of his mic so that it catches all his breathing more than before , right ? 
  wow , that sounds dangerous . 
  if there is n't rules mandated amount of water they must have in can before race start , it should be implemented asap . 
  to go against circlejerk , ~ ~ pretty much ~ ~ almost every driver has crashed out in monaco at some point of their career , including truly great ones . 
  i know this is stroll we 're talking about , but to lose it in monaco on your first outing is not really something to be ashamed of . 
  his brutal lack of pace against massa is different story though . 
  technical : massenet , he lost it mid-through massenet . 
  casino is the next corner leading to downhill part . 
  do n't you fucking jinx it . 
  that face expression change is just a cherry on top . 
  i can understand that . 
  everytime i race monaco in game first sector is the worst for me . 
  once i survive that i know i 'll make it to next lap . 
  that being said , i 'm not an f1 pilot and he is . 
  from early childhood when i swinged wooden swords making lightsaber sounds with mouth in the backyard , to teenage when i played the hell out of kotor , jedi knight and battlefront series , to adulthood , when i shed tears of joy when `` chewie , we 're home '' line came down ... 
  i love star wars with all my heart , it 's essential part of who i am and the only thing that still truly makes me feel like a child . 
  thank you george lucas . 
  i do n't really have that much of a problem with tabac , surely i binned it there many times as well , but not even remotely as much as in first corner ( lockup ) , or massenet ... and even then , when i hit just right line through massenet i have real problem trying to be consistent at carrying good speed through casino . 
  i either go too slow or there 's solid chance of losing some bit of front wing ( best case scenario ) . 
  rascasse is okay for me as long as i am not fighting somebody - quite a few races ended there because i was too optimistic there when trying to overtake a car . 
  seriously , i 'm not a friend with first sector of monaco . 
  rest is still tough but not as much . 
  i like the challenge of it though . 
  huh . 
  i am honestly ( pleasantly ) surprised , would n't expect such words from the man . 
  i 'll never ever make jokes about benson and such . 
  i 'll vote for the driver i found best on sunday . 
  does the chick have earplugs ? 
  i ca n't see anything . 
  that 's pretty damn loud car down there , if i was that kind of chick who just lays down and sunbathes when there are f1 cars going around , i 'd probably be annoyed by that sound . 
  if it 's for the chicks it 's probably easier and cheaper to go to nearest swimming pool during summer m8 . 
  i mean ... you knew that there are cars racing in monaco every year even before this pic , right ? 
  yeah , that was one amazing overtake . 
  highlight of gutierrez 's entire f1 career . 
  if it 's not your thing , fine , there are hundreds of posts about natalie dormer , feel free to enjoy those . 
  seriously , what 's the deal ? 
  just by checking hottest posts of last week there 's more ladies without any sort of provocative cleavage , yet everytime there 's a post such as this one , somebody feels need to make an edgy remark . 
  the beginning sounds like darker version of let the storm descend upon you main riff . 
  it picks up on mood later on , i like that shift . 
  i like it , but i 'm not really blown away or anything ... although to be fair , tobi always keeps best stuff on album itself . 
  what the fuck ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you really think he called alonso one of the greatest drivers just because he equaled him in points in 2007 ? 
  is that it ? 
  if so , i respectfuly doubt that . 
  one of the very few things my grandmother knows about lauda is that he owned airlines . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  so yeah ... there 's that . 
  hamilton leading the popularity contest . 
  wow . 
  i do n't mean to sound offensive or anything , but that 's very unexpected to me . 
  i 'm open to it . 
  it 's not as good as in fp2 but damn toro rosso still surprisingly strong . 
  wow . 
  that was one wild quali . 
  with some wild results . 
  vettel might have just lost extra solid points gains against hamilton . 
  i know i wo n't get popular for such opinion but i really hope he gets ahead in the race . 
  i hope it 's on merit though , not just team orders . 
  all qualis this year were epic tbh . 
  vettel might have better start and get ahead , but if that does n't happen , and he stays close to him , they might try something - say slow down kimi 's pitstop ( unless bottas stays very close to them too ) . 
  by no means i approve of it , but this is ferrari we 're talking about , and every point counts in wdc standings as of now . 
  op , if you 're trying to make some conspiracy asumptions - this is the guy who went to kimi 's wedding and kept defending him all the time against all criticisms since he became team 's boss . 
  he even pulled out the `` when kimi likes the car '' argument . 
  so yeah ... he 's the last guy to get biased against him . 
  probably just something on his mind . 
  yeah , they need to extract maximum from their struggles with hamilton 's car . 
  i 'm just bracing myself for massive shitstorm lol . 
  if they do anything like that , it 's gon na be wild on the internet . 
  yeah , seriously ... what ? 
  love or hate hamilton , by no means this was his fault , no sane fan can say that . 
  there definitely was something fundamentally wrong with the setup . 
  no way he suddenly went from one of the best drivers in the world to shit . 
  driver can have a bad day , but not a bad day that makes him second slower than everybody else . 
  the car was all over the place . 
  surprisingly good mood considering how it ended for him . 
  guess he 's just happy to start near points positions . 
  that 's the best attitude in their situation heh . 
  hopefuly he can get some solid finish tommorrow . 
   it 's the driver 's job to adjust setup . 
  ** hamilton has always been terrible at this . 
  feel free to provide sources and basis for this statement . 
  i 'd rather upvote half naked women tbh . 
  i know right ? 
  at that point it was better not to include a video recorder at all lol . 
  but it had to start somewhere . 
  and when you realize how shit resolution of those phone displays was back in the days , it could have actually looked ** relatively ** decent on those small low-res screens . 
  to differentiate themselves from rbr they could use first order stormtroopers instead of ot stormtroopers . 
  missed opportunity indeed . 
  i do n't think there ever was a moment when it clicked to me `` hell yeah , i 'm gon na be a vettel fan from now on ! '', 
  to be honest .
