  go eat something , it 's not you when you 're hungary . 
  social media people are on fire today . 
  and that 's even when nothing is actually happening lol . 
  found @l3wishamilton guys . 
  it 's been a while though . 
  to be honest i 'd rather have it this way than waiting until late october and then ordering it to have it in early november anyways . 
  at least i know what to expect from it and decide sooner whether the upgrade is worth it or not ... and manage my finances accordingly . 
  if they announce it in late october i 'll have to wait another month and something just for the information whether i should spend that money on it or not . 
  i am tired of reading constant rumors , i 'd rather wait for it two months knowing that is surely will come and what it is going to feature . 
  simply put , frequency is n't everything these days . 
  especially when you are comparing chips that are separated by two generations of development ( if i am not mistaken ) . 
  intel stepped it up in efficiency department big time since 2012 . 
  the chip in latest air is more modern , much more efficient , and therefore considerably faste even with lower base clock speed . 
  and even then , the air can turbo-boost into high clock-speeds for a short amount of time , giving it needed power bursts when necessary . 
  base rmbp should handle all of these on certain graphics setup . 
  i 'm afraid rmb wo n't do as good with most of them though . 
  namely l4d2 , kf2 or ets2 would very likely stutter alot , especially on longer gaming sessions . 
  more like keeping your brand 's image consistent ... mcdonald 's or starbucks look pretty much the same everywhere around the world as well . 
  people around here do n't like to hear that . 
  it 's absolutely fine for their web browsing therefore it 's just as fast as air and their purchase is 100 % justified !!!, 
  also nobody needs more than one usb !, 
  seriously though , mba probably wo n't see any upgrades from now on . 
  i 'd call it lucky if it gets at least skylake cpu upgrade , retina certainly is n't going to happen . 
  they really are planning to slowly replace it with rmb and with the way things are going , next year 's generation could probably truly match mba 's performance . 
  but for now ... nope . 
  if you want mba you are stuck with 2015 internals and no retina . 
  and then the italian one . 
  well he 'd fit on this sub then . 
  i like to hear this . 
  there 's something about drivers who are in for something more than just driving the fast car and winning . 
  say what you want about him , i have my criticisms as well , but he surely is 100 % focused on racing in a way that you ca n't say about every other driver ( disclaimer : and that 's not meant as if they were inferior because of that ) . 
  i just appreciate that . 
  they never really said that it 's on par with desktop version in first place so ... 
  i feel like people from both camps are yet again getting angry for no reason . 
  these are two competing companies for god 's sake , of course they are going to be nitpicking on each other . 
  it 's always been like that . 
  and to be fair , i think both commercials are kinda dumb , but it was apple who shot first in this case ... and fans in general should just accept that both companies are making devices aimed at totally different purposes . 
  if you are okay with you ipad pro this ad will not convince you otherwise , it 's not meant to . 
  it 's more meant to prove to possible business buyers that sp is much more compatible with all that stuff they 've been running on since ever . 
  just like that guy with maxed out sp4 with i7 and 16 gigs of ram wo n't buy an ipad no matter how much apple tries to show them their vision of computing . 
  to be honest i think that the only purpose of this ad was to gain some publicity based on more fan wars . 
  reading through this thread i guess they succeeded . 
  just my two cents . 
  nah , all we need is to wait damn year for an oled bar instead of standard function keys because that 's obviously what every single mac user wants and demands . 
  display monitor with internal gpu that connects to macbook via thunderbolt has been my tech wet dream for good year and a half . 
  i doubt they care to be honest . 
  they never cared . 
  you are missing the point i think . 
  point is that apple should upgrade the damn hardware so that it 's at least slightly closer to it 's windows counterparts . 
  especially for prices they ask . 
  `` but it has windows '' is a stupid excuse for apple yet again blatantly ignoring people who are n't buying mac just for web browsing and writing stories in swaggy coffee shops . 
  um ... no ... but let 's say that only gamers need that performance gain , so it 's simplified for you ... no freaking wonder that gamers are n't using macs when their specs are so subpar for those prices . 
  maybe they 'd be much more interested in build quality and os x features had it provided appropriate performance to them ? 
  seriously . 
  some people here act like we are demanding freaking 1080 in our macbooks . 
  no we do n't . 
  but it would be really nice if we got at least m version of any of gtx cards in rmbp as that would truly make it a pro device once again . 
  both for work and yes ... gaming . 
  gaming was really improving on os x as of late so some solid gaming-ready hardware would be pretty nice addition as well . 
  and those who are okay with their current core m chips in macbooks , no - this issue is n't about you . 
  this is about this other part of mac userbase . 
  so move on , nobody is forcing you to have 1080 in 12 inch laptop . 
  i do . 
  mac , ipad and android phone . 
  i might switch to iphone one day but so far it always happened that i had something else to spend my money on every autumn . 
  this year wo n't be any different . 
  that being said though , i am fairly independent of apple 's ecosystem . 
  dropbox is my primary cloud storage , gmail is my primary mail , calendar and contact 's book and pretty much the only reason why i am thinking of eventually switching to ios on my phone is that so i do n't have to buy apps twice anymore . 
  i actually like android so ... 
  it works . 
  but if you are set in with icloud and such , definitely stay with 6s . 
  he 's overreacting , by no means it 's scorching . 
  90 \u00b0 c is still manageable temperature for any modern computer , but it 's certainly pretty close to the edge of overheating . 
  i would n't do any overclocking at all on laptop ... any laptop for what it 's worth . 
  well if you really just bought that for gaming ... you 've made a huge mistake . 
  gaming on macbook is secondary feature that is nice to have , not a primary one . 
  if you wanted a gaming laptop , you really should have looked elsewhere . 
  it 's more that short look he gives on tatooine when luke asks him about his father . 
  that expression was perfect at the time and is even 1000x better now that you know the entire story of prequels including tcw . 
  it 's almost as if he remembers when he stood on the high ground on mustafar , watching anakin burn ... absolutely perfect . 
  [ gets me every single time . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn74boubuug ), 
  one funny thing regarding this is those small kids who are trying to start up a tech channel as well , and they are buying these skins just so that they can say how great it looks with them even thogh they usually go with colors that just make the device crazy ugly . 
  it 's so blatantly obvious they are just trying to emulate these big youtube stars who are actually being paid for this stuff ... it 's kinda cute when you think about it ... until it 's not . 
  oh give me a break . 
  criticising certain part of the video does n't mean that i am hating on him . 
  i like his videos , quality is top notch . 
  does n't mean that i ca n't criticise it as well . 
  it does rearrange the original continuity of that conversation , but if you watch the original the expressions are still all there as if he truly was remembering all that stuff . 
  but yes , this clip is slightly tweaked . 
  masterfuly though . 
  nobody besides apple really knows so if you want an air now , just go get it . 
  recently there are zero rumors about mba updates . 
  all mac related rumors focus on pro model . 
  yeah , that 's the general consensus of what is going to happen . 
  though do n't take my word as 100 % , i do n't want to be * that guy * if they happen to update it after you bought it . 
  [ relevant ( nsfw sound after few seconds ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqj5_-8oeau ), 
  he trippin ' or something lol . 
  holy cow , and i thought people were overestimating when they were talking about 2011-2013 mac hardware issues . 
  that gapless wide display is something i 'd really want in my racing setup .
