  their rivalry is fantastic and will be remembered for a long time . 
  wish we had more drivers with such relationship on the grid , it really improves dynamic of the sport and drama around it . 
  at this point 90 % of people will buy the book just to read the vettel part . 
  i do n't think he would if he got webber 's car with it 's super bad reliability . 
  first i thought of this as a joke , but now that i think of it ... 
  i even liked the last year 's one . 
  it was massive and unique . 
  and made me want to order a pizza . 
  following my earlier comment today ... i 'll buy it mostly for vettel part too . 
  i 'll skip to that , and once i finish it , i 'll maybe think about reading the rest . 
  if it 's going to be at least as fun as dc 's biography i 'll get my money worth . 
  i believe he simply wants to let it all out . 
  and now once he 's okay with seb again , he probably felt it 's about time to tell world the entire story . 
  yeah , they could let it go , but fans could n't and probably never will ... 
  i mean , some still argue about prost vs. senna ... 
  almost like alonso 's collection of helmets . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ almost, 
  less on track action stands above everything else for me . 
  are you skinnybobzeta ? 
  just asking , it 's been bugging me for a while . 
  but she 's hot . 
  well , let 's be honest ... who is n't ... 
  i can imagine alot of people telling him this in germany . 
  forever in hearts of vettel fans . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i wo n't go into discussion whether it 's good or bad ( i do n't really have an opinion to be honest ) , but why , just why the fuck are they again looking at something nobody actually was displeased with ? 
  i 've never ever heard any complains about the structure of race weekend . 
  why the hell are they always looking for issues which are non-existent ? 
  recent years = current hybrid era ? 
  alonso - vettel british gp 2014 , maldonado - verstappen austrian gp 2015 , entire bahrain 2014 gp ( best gp of recent times imo ) , ricciardo - alonso in germany ( i think it was in germany ... right ? 
  ) , kmag - alonso in spa 2014 , ricciardo - vettel in italy ( dat final overtake move ) ... i 'd say the list goes on , but these come out of my head immediately . 
  red bull racing might want to add something to this . 
  grosjean and bottas might have good online presence , but if you ask your average joe who does n't watch f1 , odds are that he will know who raikkonen , vettel , hamilton or alonso is - but he will have no idea who is some bottas or grosjean guy . 
  i think their online presence has nearly zero impact on f1 . 
  people know big names of the sport due to their success , not because they post online what they had for breakfast . 
  not sure if you 're sarcastic . 
  but if not - come on now ... people in monza boo every single guy who 's not in red shirt . 
  that does n't justify it , but it 's far from being just a `` british bias '' . 
  do we need 5 posts everytime he decides to wear something ... umm ... unusual ? 
  dat empire strikes back poster . 
  i think it 's kind of natural to lose your head when everything goes well with you and you have n't lost ( where it mattered at least ) for a long while . 
  not just in racing . 
  it 's a rap song or something . 
  he would get slammed so hard for that in these days . 
  they should also implement automatic speed reducing when people go beyond limits of the track . 
  god i hate that in codemaster 's f1 games since they implemented it in ... i think it was in 2012 . 
  so immersion breaking . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyaglr0q65e ) what can i do for you , my dearest grandson ? 
  you 're true legend . 
  cheers !, 
  i am sauce, 
  ama, 
  that 's for good though . 
  it might be an extreme idea , but imagine if some team had super powerful engine which can last just one race . 
  they could go around it by signing many drivers for each part of season ( monisha approves ) so they can kill as many engines as possible . 
  seriously , what the fuck is wrong with mclaren ? 
  it certainly is n't just power unit . 
  pete da real mvp as always . 
  huh ? 
  except for that moment when lewis flipped out on twitter that jb unfollowed him right after he announced going to mercedes . 
  and jb then clarified that he never even started following him . 
  was kinda funny though . 
  do we really know that their chassis is that good though ? 
  i mean ... their engine is brutally underpowered - and less power being handled by the chassis means it can look more stable and aerodynamic , right ? 
  to me it seems like benson just did classic benson move and said something he ca n't really back up with any facts . 
  mclaren chassis might be decent , but i doubt anybody can say that as a fact and drop it all on engine , and then even call it math . 
  math ( unlike economics for example ) does n't work with `` might be '' , it only works with actual data . 
  those are his hater blockers . 
  that 's a dirty salad . 
  dat williams start . 
  fingers crossed for them ... 
  alonso points hype ? 
  kind of anticlimactic end for otherwise pretty good race . 
  + nay, 
  i do n't want to take away the blame for kimi , but i really think ferrari should have pressured him to stay out then - just like williams did with bottas with the first rain . 
  ron has made one big mistake - he said it right before the break . 
  idiotgate will be loved by media until the next race . 
  for some reason our local commentators went nuts about how massa was way too aggressive and maybe should get penalised for pushing ham out of the track . 
  i was just thinking that they should shut the fuck up , amazing and very clean defense . 
  at this point i was hoping that williams can hold it ... what a naive i was . 
  sorry for my memory but was that the race in which he spun like ... 10 times ? 
  just a racing incident . 
  with brutal consequences when it comes to number of retirements , but still ... nobody to be blamed . 
  verstappen fucked up by himself , did n't he ? 
  it 's just crazy how slow those manor cars are . 
  +3 laps is mental gap ... hopefully they can up their game at least a little bit for 2016 . 
  seb would do yet another stylish 360 \u00b0 and then go on like nothing happened . 
  i 'm sorry but people who say this usually do n't know how to properly play or do n't know that some other people in their group are doing more work than them ( for them ) . 
  guardian 's reflections , ele 's might stacking , warrior 's banner support , mesmer 's reflections/timewarps , thieves stealth ... these are just some examples of how different classes provide different types of teamwork utility ... well , unless they all just go blindly into dps ( because they read about this zerker meta thing on forums ) and then wonder why did they wipe on first encounter . 
  some bosses are fairly dependent on well timed stun . 
  now post specialisation patch many bosses were made far too trivial , but that once again applies only if you really know how to use your skills to your advantage ( e.g. 
  slowed lupi being burst down before it enters another phase ) ... well , at least in some cases . 
  there is a different kind of teamwork than in other mmos , but i 'd argue that it is n't by any means reduced - it might be reduced in a meaning that people who do n't work as a team can still succeed , but it will definitely be harder for them than for people who work as a team . 
  did you see some footage of mercedes during this semi-rain phase ? 
   my goodness look at the grip . 
  yeah , what a crazy grip , he needed to release the throttle on nearly straight part of track just so he does n't lose the car , really big grip . 
  i always liked it as it 's somewhat fun and interesting way to bluff your competition . 
  i think some change of rules to allow this would be nice . 
   max chilton v will stephens,
