  but let 's put that aside , even if we consider her actually being fairly close to f1 matador driver , that does n't put her above the leagues of other f1 drivers . 
  i 'm sorry but claiming that even freaking yuji ide is worse than her based on this is just about as extreme when it comes to stretching things out . 
  something something i actually like prequels . 
  that 's ... not exactly what i expected . 
   i 'm like palpatine - very good at hiding my true nature, 
  that was me for years , up until the first tfa trailer . 
  clone wars really just develops pretty much any character from pt . 
  the best part is probably portrayal of anakin , but there are pretty good stories behind most major characters whilst introducing some good ones . 
  the first two season 's are really somewhat weak , but then it goes on in big style . 
  which also kinda gives me hope for rebels because as of now it 's just ... meh . 
  i got mega lucky with my uni exam this time . 
  never seen that happen before . 
  i studied for it for 2 days straight but i mainly focused on practical application as that was supposed to be the major part of exam . 
  and then this old guy i 've never seen before came there and said `` well my colleague is ill so i 'll be replacing him ... 
  i got appointed this very late so let 's just do it as purely theory exam . '', 
  god damn it . 
  and so he roasted us for like 2 hours , a good friend of mine even left stating he 'll try next time , and then the guy started calculating grades . 
  to be honest , i did n't really say that much , and what i said was questionable at best , so honestly i would give myself e at best , but f would be just as fair and i would n't even argue about it . 
  i was pretty much settled down on studying more for next time , but then he said that he 'll give us all c bar two who got b. i was like `` that includes me ? 
  '' , trying to ask as subtly as possible so that he does n't change his mind , and he just answered `` yep , of course . 
  you do n't like it ? '', 
  haha , okay . 
  haha , i know that feel - once i got the feel of clutch right , i felt like driving god . 
  i have really good memories of my driving school , my instructor was a character ( rough translation ) :, 
  `` i get it , you 're young , you 're all about that sport racing and fun , we all have been there . 
  i have no problem with that as long as you drive clean , speed limits are there because of idiots who ca n't drive clean . 
  but if you want to pass this driving school , you need to slow down . '', 
  after that i asked him if he 's a fan of jackie stewart , to my disappointment , he did n't know the man . 
  :( still a great guy though . 
  look , i am just as cynical atheist as you are , but there is no point in this discussion . 
  take it more as sign of respect from pope than anything else and we can all move on peacefuly . 
  the same thing was last year with \\ #prayforparis - i doubt all those people were actually praying ( or that it actually did anything ) , but i never said a word as i considered it more as a sign of compassion and respect . 
  not this shit again . 
  god damn it , how can f1 move forward when we are still so stuck in the past . 
  saw one in front of watch store here , along with same life sized webber . 
  i wanted to take a pic with `` them '' , but there were way too many people around me to overcome awkwardness . 
  this . 
  even if that communit manager ( or entire team of them ) would need to manage some type of motogp shitstorm crap * all the time , it would definitely pay off . 
  * though i feel like motogp community managers just gave up after few days lol . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  fernando looked incredibly awkward in his early years . 
  and look at him now !, 
  it 's so easy to spot posers these days . 
  difference is , seb kind of has that goofy kid look even 8 + years later . 
  fernando has aged into one of the sexiest guys on the grid . 
  straight guys ca n't appreciate other guys looks ? 
  except for that one time when he had vettel flair . 
  \\ #neverforget, 
  this was a great battle all around . 
  there 's no way either of them would fight so hard against any other driver , especially against some less experienced divebomber . 
  even though deep down there is some serious beef between the two , they know they can afford close driving next to each other . 
  might not be friends , and despite all those discussions regarding vettel 's qualities , alonso has some respect for his driving , and so does vettel for his . 
  that 's what makes them great rivals . 
  yes . 
  [ here , at approx 7:25 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vntqlgotcr4 ), 
  vettel seems like that type of guy who prefers to be liked , or at least on neutral note with most people . 
  some people cope with negative emotions worse than others and he seems to be that guy . 
  iirc later on he admitted that boo-train from 2013 has hurt him , so there 's that + there are those mentions such as the one from abu dhabi last year where he said on radio something like `` he must really hate me . '', 
  in regards to alonso presumably slowing him down . 
  from what i 've seen he did n't really block him , so i guess it more or less comes from his frustration with their relationship . 
  wtf . 
  i do n't understand his reasoning tbh . 
  how does switching from arguably best engine to inferior engine benefit them in championship battle ? 
  he 's talking some long term championship type of thing in the article , but power unit really is the last thing williams need to improve on in order to go for top championship spot once again . 
  i would love to see this legendary team go back there after all these years of being below average and recently being just slowest of the best . 
  their dedication for the sport is absolutely admirable , but let 's be realistic - they would n't stand a chance without that sweet mercedes power . 
  `` do n't try it . '', 
  beautiful mind . 
  stewards agree with you . 
  not that they never got stuff wrong , i have no interest in this argument , just stating facts . 
   `` at the time rosberg made the move , alonso was behind him ** and no part of his car alongside the merc ** , '' they said . 
  `` rosberg made the move to the right before alonso . '', 
  rest can be found here :, 
  just about 2 months until first race i think . 
  dae wants to open time travelling drs ? 
  when you have n't seen the movies -  you 're clearly not a star wars fan ( yet ) -  why would you go to big star wars fan community when you 're not star wars fan ( yet ) ? 
  drs was introduced in 2011 , sure it did raise numbers , but look at the graph more closely and notice the 2010 positive spike . 
  inbefore even more hating on boring liveries . 
  [ hmm . 
  seriously ? 
  god damn it ferrari , since you 're pretty into buying former red bull staff , go ahead and buy out their pr people . 
  hopefuly their season wo n't be as anticlimatic . 
  cringy advertising certainly is santander 's thing . 
  k i m i, 
  [ you want more dank finn meme pics ? 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bjxjil_cqaaip5f.jpg ), 
  this could explain some motivation behind lewis ' comments regarding that `` he never had a strong teammate . '', 
  thing as well . 
  i mean , if they straight up told him `` nope when seb is there . 
  '' , he got the idea how things were . 
  huh , never thought that he was * this * bad . 
  ... is mostly going to help ferrari . 
  why did i read that in aldo raine 's voice ... hmm . 
  `` a few '', 
  haha, 
  and permanent connection to internet , if it fails to connect just for a second , tyre explodes . 
  original or modern series ? 
  i love modern bsg , but it really seems to be that kind of show you either love or hate . 
  it has very specific direction , storytelling and characters . 
  the only thing i sort of disliked was all that mythical stuff later on ( not gon na spoiler it ) .
