  tldr : i love personal approach , it feels very refreshing since most game companies act more like classic corporates . 
  rangers : hit longbow # 2 in pvp , run away , run back when # 2 is ready to use again . 
  repeat . 
  agreed , it 's very interesting for people who are into tech and it provides you some interesting insight . 
  honestly , we do n't really need to read how amazing this battle will be , we 'll play it sooner or later and make our own opinion on it , but this semi-technical juice is something what makes me read entire articles . 
  / u/grimpunch is genius . 
  there are tons of qol things in gw2 , but in terms of general gameplay ... standing still in combat is one of the biggest issues for me honestly , i just got way too used to action combat in gw2 . 
  in january i was playing wow for quite a while and when i decided to go tank some stuff , all i got from healer was yelling why the hell am i still moving around . 
  yeah ... 
  yep , one with caithe and faolain infiltrating asura base . 
  it 's been a while , right ? 
  the way you wrote it made me imagine seb walking amongst slaughtered pilots in front of camera in the most clich\u00e9 way fantasy/scifi can possibly do : wearing dark cape , holding bigass sword * stained by fresh blood and giving classic dark lord look while epic music reaches it 's climax . 
  boom - this spring - return of the horse . 
  * or red lightsaber . 
  daaaamn ... 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ fantasy , ^ ^ ^ okay ? 
  because vitaly petrov is freaking f1 legend ... at least for vettel fans , who were like [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/3agpir-htl4?t=18s ) that day . 
  but seriously ... as others have already said , it was super hard to overtake in abu dhabi without drs and with super strong bridgestones . 
  vettel gained great advantage by taking pole . 
  also : codemasters f1 games on easy difficulty be like . 
  even with caterham . 
  what did you expect/want him to say ? 
  run out and shout `` oh lopez fucked up money stuff , we 're so screwed , you know what , fuck this , i 'm going to mclaren '' ? 
  yes , that would 've been more honest , but that 's not how pr works . 
  it would drive off every potential investor , which would ultimately hurt team way more than him just somewhat quietly leaving . 
  lotus worked pretty well under his charge , he was n't the guy responsible for their economical issues . 
  and on legend difficulty : `` oh , second lap already ? 
  guess it 's time to start racing . '', 
  seriously ... i understand that it 's hard to manage ai when they are so close to each other , but damnit if new game does n't improve on their start pace . 
  funny thing is , that ai in codemaster 's games actually can make mistakes ( they make them all the time in grid series for example ) , they are just set in f1 game database not to do so - modders around the internet make game database adjustments so they feel more realistic and genuine , and if tweaked right , they really race more aggressive with some mistakes . 
  indeed , ai mods from racedepartment are able to improve challenge and fun factor by serious margin , but even modders hit games coding limit at one point . 
  that 's true - since f1 2012 there is not much blind ramming by ai . 
  i 'm definitely not that `` let 's hate codemasters and their games all the time '' guy , i like their balance between sim and arcade racing . 
  game has drastically improved since 2010 even in ai terms . 
   also , i really really wish they would increase the likelihood of mechanical failures for ai and for the player 's car . 
  i hope that does n't happen to be honest . 
  mechanical failures in real world happen because of reliability . 
  in the game it would 've just been some random number generator which decides whether you 're screwed or not - i do n't like that . 
  and both are cringy in their own way . 
  which is shitload of work for ... just a skin basically . 
  new professions/specializations add way more to the game . 
  that must be why they implemented them into the game . 
  well , now i ca n't play ... 
  dat flair . 
  why is button in front of alonso then . 
  heh ... so much about all these comments how vergne wrecked ricciardo and still lost his seat . 
  i do n't really see where is that coming from . 
  he has proven to be very aggressive , yes , but at least he was n't banned from monaco for nearly killing steward . 
  i just do n't see him being over maldonado level , and for the sake of entire grid i hope i 'm right . 
  yeah , but i guess he would n't pull that same move on every driver . 
  he knows vettel is way past his crashing-kid era and i do n't see him doing same moves on mr. pastor for example . 
  fun , but very predictable . 
  should n't be anything other than what youtubers already gave us sooner this week . 
  hmm ... let 's just say that all currently driving `` senior '' drivers are going to stay where they are okay ... in that case , i 'd probably call webber as senior and vandoorne as junior . 
  heidfeld from fe roster for development/testing without a doubt . 
  it would 've been interesting to see comparison between amount of clicks during 2 hours of playing gw2 and 2 hours of playing diablo . 
  i guess diablo would still win , but it would 've been damn close !, 
  switching ground targeting to instant cast after button release was a huge game changer for me back in the days . 
  even two in a row !, 
  that 's some serious journalism right there . 
  so he 's a metalhead ... 
  ca n't we just have two flairs at once , please ? 
  plus not just over engine worries . 
  you seem to be applying free market theory on f1 . 
  that 's not how f1 works though , it 's not about free market , it 's about providing people the best show possible ... and that means limiting tires to one manufacturer . 
  take a look into not so far history why it 's better to have everyone on the same boat . 
  i 've seen quite alot of requests with quite alot of upvotes . 
  so i keep my hopes up for that split . 
  everything else aside - that cgi was absolutely amazing . 
  never seen that before . 
  i would n't say that i particulary hate it , it 's just probably the most overused song in any racing video in general . 
  this song is lux aeterna of racing videos . 
  champion has to be arrogant , but this can dangerously return to the guy if he does n't bring expected results . 
  are n't there 20 man-children on the grid already ? 
  potatoes of interest gw2 podcast with devs each friday confirmed !, 
  but seriously , does `` i 'd love to do them weekly '' mean you have more in store for upcoming weeks , or is that just something you wish ? 
  great job , while i liked other interviews too ( especially matt & joe cringing the crap out of colin with zhaitan jab ... poor colin ) , yours was most on point . 
  i can understand this argument sometimes , but that 's not the point in this case ... it 's about them absolutely pointlessly showing that some guy screwed up race for their untouchable star almost a year ago . 
  and now people are going to be reminded before every f1 tv session starts . 
  it really feels like `` remember what an idiot rosberg was ? 
  see ? 
  see ? 
  see ? 
  you must see ! '', 
  that 's not cool no matter if you call it circlejerk , bias , or just british network providing british coverage . 
  on similar topic ... did australian f1 tv coverage for example bring up multi21 incident during 2014 even when there was no real reason to do so ? 
  i do n't know , but if they did ( aussie redditors ? 
  tell us please ) , it 's basically the same shit . 
  fella 's just jelly of dem abs . 
  it 's been always interesting to me that while rbr goes for classic brand promo style , str tries to go with more artistic approach of picturing their bull . 
  got ta say i like str liveries more if we exclude rbr special ones ( wings for life from british gp was amazing ) . 
  conspiracy : team hired these two because they knew it would attract global publicity for a moment . 
  holy shit , now that 's a proper f1 trailer !, 
  it 's basically the second most used language in europe after english . 
  iirc he was karting under finnish flag . 
  update : [ yep ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/09/28/article-2210188-1541ba25000005dc-243_468x424.jpg ), 
  i 'd probably lose my shit if that happened . 
  in a positive way of course . 
  it 's cool mate , i was just pointing out . 
  anyways , interesting find - it kind of makes sense , german drivers are very common in f1 , and especially michael made this sport so freaking popular in the country .
