  he was promised the same every year , i do n't blame the guy . 
  i 'd rather blame his bad luck . 
  quite a few f1 legends already left this world , sadly enough i think that 's why we do n't see such comments more often . 
  i for one like to imagine that michael is watching though ... 
  do n't underestimate tifosi 's powers . 
  i want to believe what you 're ( are you ? ), 
  suggesting . 
  thing is , there is no guarantee that he would fulfil that second part . 
  salty . 
   vettel apologists love to forget his performance the one year, 
  that one year is the only real argument you have against him . 
  but yeah , keep using it for the rest of his f1 career . 
  did you bash hamilton so much for his 2011 season too ? 
  i think i know what f1 desperately needs, 
  random emp charges around the track, 
  `` you get a neutral , you get a neutral . 
  everybody gets neutral ! '', 
  honestly , i 'm kind of a cynical person , but i still think that most posts regarding jules ( even those the day he died ) are genuine and truly heart-felt . 
  yes , people get overly emotional , not denying that . 
  but i think labeling it as karma-whoring is too much . 
  you ca n't use laptop on toilet as comfortably as your phone . 
  it 's not just this subs thing . 
  people have been hostile against rbr since 2010 or so , calling them cheaters without any proof , etc. 
  it 's unbelievable how butthurt certain people can be - actually to the point they would cheer them leaving the sport , which is absolutely beyond me . 
  would they cheer over mclaren or ferrari leaving ? 
  i doubt it . 
  why should they with red bull then ... 
  it 's just sad . 
  okay , i 'll give you that . 
  that 's still one thing . 
  they 've also been called out for traction control . 
  claims that vettel was overtaking under yellows in brazil 2012 were proven false too . 
  some people claimed rbr to have illegal floor even though the floor was legal up until the change of rules came into effect , and so on . 
  and that 's not even his final form . 
  seriously though , you 're not the only one hearing it . 
  he definitely starts to have their accent . 
  guess he spends quite some time in italy . 
  who does n't get on well with jenson though . 
  that 's impossible . 
  there is a difference between people just posting cheesy jules wallpapers etc. , and actual drivers who personally knew him sharing their thoughts on the matter . 
  to be honest , i ca n't get that passionate about toro rosso when i know they are n't even trying to be the best team out there - do n't get me wrong , i fully respect the work people in this team do , they still make somewhat decent cars , but point of their existence is to be the b ( junior ) team no matter what , and that 's not very exciting when their position is somewhat pre-destined . 
  i might be slightly off-topic , but i think more people feel this way , which makes them care way less about str than rbr . 
  i 'm not a team guy , but i 'd much rather cheer for force india than str , because they are in for the best possible position they can have . 
  str are n't . 
  this thread is going to be one hell of a circlejerk . 
  but yeah , i love this guy . 
  could n't resist . 
   he believes in some pretty ridiculous stuff, 
  like what ? 
  * fishing with ross brawn, 
  in case somebody does n't know it , he 's the photographer who was right at the place when it happened . 
  he took some shots of jules , his car , and sutil 's immediate emotions . 
  he could 've sold them for some good money , but he did n't . 
  he kept it all for himself and for fia investigation . 
  not sure if it was written somewhere else in international media , but there was an interesting interview with him about this in our local media . 
  i do n't really want to argue , but lewis ' mercedes is n't exactly slow either . 
  umm . 
  yeah . 
  playing games on a computer that was about as loud as army helicopter was a big part of my daily life back in those days . 
  i think original toca 2 ( predecessor of current grid series ) was the only racing game i did play back in 2000 - i was very big into tycoon games . 
  transport tycoon deluxe was fantastic . 
  and still is . 
  edit : and of course , need for speed . 
  god damnit , as i grew up i absolutely lost interest in nfs series , but back in 2000 i definitely did play some need for speed . 
  suzuka and spa are the only tracks in current f1 calendar that have something special about them . 
  not sure how to call it , it 's just their dynamic what makes them so special . 
  monza , silverstone , interlagos and montreal are all fantastic tracks too , but they just do n't stand anywhere near suzuka and spa for me . 
  that looks like really small screen for two persons to watch at the same time . 
  somewhat touching . 
  it 's great they are on good terms again after some of that drama that was between them ( was it in 2012 ? 
  pretty much up until his f1 career . 
  it was easier to grab some attention and sponsorship as a german driver . 
   because he was quicker, 
  you 've said it yourself there . 
  / r/formula1, 
  sorry , but it always bugs me when people type / r/f1 . 
  this . 
  i have a feeling that ferrari simply wants unforced number 2 driver and kimi provides exactly that . 
  they do n't have to force him into team orders or make him slower with some shady stuff - why would they , he 's slower regardless . 
  and even though he 's not as fast as some youngster would likely be , he 's pretty consistent - that 's all ferrari currently wants . 
  or if it ejects you when you 're mid-webber-flip upside down . 
  ha , what 's the context , please ? 
  i woke up mid q1 . 
   second dad . 
  power rangers ? 
  the wax rytlock turned on his sword when mordy appeared ... lightsabers , anyone ? 
  oh come on . 
  do n't try to stir some shit for no reason . 
  who are you , some kind of high school girl who likes to see people arguing over broken nails ? 
  he at least said that he hopes that whoever was in the car is okay . 
  iirc others did n't even say a thing about it . 
  the more comments such as yours i read , the more i understand some salty reactions by hardcore hamilton fans . 
  man , the way those cameraguys go in front of nico at the beginning . 
  i know they are pretty much used to it , but it feels so strange to me . 
  ted for sure pissed off some of his colleagues by straight up interrupting their job . 
  i 'm not sure if he 's just rude or so enthusiastic about his notebook that he does n't even notice/realise it . 
  i did n't even notice the original story with lauda , but hey , not cool on his side . 
  it 's not his bussiness and with this attitude he seems like some stereotypical old man from village who knows everything about everybody and just keeps talking way too much . 
  those lockups most certainly did n't save tyres . 
  but yeah , i 'd be surprised if rosberg is overall faster in the race .
