  he was favored , but if it was n't for him , webber would n't win all 4 wdc 's anyways . 
  he might have grabbed one or two , but not all of them . 
  got ta say i admire your dedication . 
  you 've been there for 7 months , that 's really above regular troll standards . 
  this . 
  i 'm not really a podcast guy , but visualwood ... visualwood has made my 3 + hours long travells between college and home way better . 
  matt and potatoes just work so well together . 
  and as for purely gw2 talk , tea time is currently the best choice imo . 
  guild gab is fine too , but it feels too uncritical to me - it kind of gets boring when most gab podcasts are just `` yay , * some gw2 news * ! '', 
  and then ongoing discussion how awesome the game is . 
  no offense intended to peachy or the other guys who attend in the gab though , i like you guys ( if you happen to read this ) ... just not your podcast format , to each their own . 
  i like dynamic between brazil 's grumpy rants and ink 's more positive reasoning . 
  also ... teapot 's accent is sexy . 
  i smiled reading that . 
  and then i cried . 
  damn, 
  aka the new boy . 
  a lot to learn . 
  seriously though , that 's the only thing i know about him . 
  out of the guys you 've included in , ricciardo is the only one i believe has a real chance of beating him ( as he has done it already ) , so i 'd go for that from `` best possible driver '' perspective . 
  the rest ? 
  i could n't care less , every other driver in that list would 've been number 2 anyways . 
  italian media would go nuts over nando if that happens while he is still in f1 . 
  `` push , push , push . 
  push now . '', 
  `` that 's a good boy '', 
  wow , nice catch . 
  i replayed the moment like 10 times before i looked down into comments . 
  would n't notice it without your comment to be honest . 
  `` what do you mean no f1 for next month ?! '', 
  when i saw it on instagram all i could think of was `` oh my god , shitstorm at / r/formula1 is coming . '', 
  but this ... well ... this was unexpected . 
  more like `` if it keeps him away from commenting f1 ... '' , you can avoid his music quite easily , but it 's harder with his ... umm ... opinions ... 
  mondays , huh . 
  [ nothing is off the table . 
  off-topic : montoya camera and radio for like 5-10 seconds - still managed to use word `` idiot '' . 
  classic juan , still the same number juan from formula juan . 
  [ unpopular opinion alert , do n't kill me please ], 
  on the other hand - gw1 had one ugly ui . 
  customisable , yes , but ugly . 
  even for the time of release it just felt so ... uh . 
  like they took a look at 90s games and thought that it might look cool when they put that into 2000s mmorpg in higher resolution texture as the biggest and probably only improvement . 
  gw2 ui has it 's style - it does n't feel like a ripoff , it 's beautiful to look at and holds some kind of aesthetic arenanet probably likes people to see when they see youtubers , or twitch streamers - one thing that wow for example lacks quite a bit , because most hardcore players have crazily modified ui to the point you have to study their screen to realise where 's what and even then it 's more like a guess game . 
  i think there should be some kind of balance between the two , and i would definitely love addons to some extent , but the main point why i wrote this is that there are two sides of the coin and neither is perfect . 
  haha , what . 
  that dude 's shifting is more hardcore than vin diesel 's in fast & furious . 
  agreed . 
  one thing i would love to see in future is vr type of camera that captures the entire 360 range all the time and fan can adjust his view by himself . 
  would be pretty heavy on bandwidth , but we 'll get there . 
  that would be real reason for me to buy season pass on f1 app . 
  even smaller userbase . 
  makes sense . 
  now imagine the awkwardness if str had remained using ferrari engines for this new era and actually got to beat rbr on regular basis due to better power unit ... 
  `` yaaay max , you were really good driver and grabbed some podiums . 
  in exchange you get to drive for our a team ... which is slower at the moment , but , you know ... '', 
  they really must be running low on money . 
  otherwise i see no rational reason . 
  from my experience it 's on par with cloudyg2 kitkat version . 
  if you are n't heavy into gaming you can get some extra battery life by lowering the cpu frequency using trickster mod - somebody here managed to get to 6 hour something sot . 
  with my usage i can get to 2-3 hour sot without lowering the cpu frequency and 3-4 sot with frequency maximum locked at 1,5 ghz , which almost does n't hit the performance while you 're just using standard apps . 
  for gaming it 's not as ideal obviously - i noticed quite brutal fps drops in real racing , so for that you have to up frequency back . 
  yes , but that was in the time when red bull did n't really care so much if i remember correctly . 
  they were n't champions back in those days , so the pressure put on them was way smaller - people called them a party team for reason . 
  they started taking themselves very seriously after 2009 once they had real shot of being the best . 
  not that i blame them or something , but i really think that culture inside rbr has changed alot since vettel was infront of them with str . 
  camera experience ? 
  did you listen to music while travelling ( i.e. 
  phone switching through many bts often ) - i 've had ton of issues with phone restarting often due to this when i tried the rom like 2 months ago . 
  thanks !, 
  brundle has lost some internet points for me . 
  you can still take control over autonomous car and they will not anytime soon replace regular cars . 
  i would n't want driverless car either , but that does n't mean i get mad at people who make such an amazing technological advancement . 
  i really find his opinion kinda rude towards those who work on this project and believe in it . 
  i 'm sweating like hell today . 
  this is the hottest summer in czech republic since ... i do n't even know . 
  we even have issues with lack of water ( by our standards of course , we ai n't dying of thirst ) . 
  i expected both massa 's and webber 's overtake to be there . 
  and hey , top 2 !, 
  the only one i really have a bit of problem with is the number five - i might be wrong , but did n't massa hold webber off on purpose in order to allow fernando go through ? 
  he went so wide on mark in that one it really makes me think that 's the case and if i 'm right ( oh yeah , i might be wrong - would like to hear conter-opinion ) , it kind of does n't feel like one of the best overtakes , but more like one of the best teammate cooperations . 
  dude 's really enjoying this year 's summer break . 
  good on him . 
  oh come on now . 
  hunt is one of the most beloved f1 drivers despite not being really * that good * exactly due to this type of shit . 
  how is hamilton going party hard with obviously hot chick worse ? 
  ot : i did n't think there would be day when i argue with you because i 'm willing to defend hamilton . 
  lol . 
  lol . 
  that 's one hell of a small sarcasm tag . 
  sorry tom , will u be my bae again ? 
  even blizzard employees now migrate to better mmos . 
  [ also - it 's not like nico does n't know how to party ] ( http://38.media.tumblr.com/6230efcec6be9e9727cac7ae979449a0/tumblr_mniyfxiwvz1rfi9ezo1_250.gif ), 
  [ nothing , just your regular ice cream shop on ibiza ] ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/vivis-creamery/199887340211857?ref=ts&amp;fref=ts ), 
  from my understanding it 's more his wives bussiness than his own , but still . 
  if i ever go to ibiza , i 'm definitely going to try vivi 's cream . 
  i 'm sure nico is jealous of lewis ' wdc . 
  damn that 's trippy . 
  would n't probably seem like that had they changed stuff alongside the track , but going from monza to monaco and then suddenly appear in istanbul is just ... i know all these corners quite well , but damn it would take me at least entire day to get used to this mashup and to turn properly . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not german and what you just described is ... ehm ... i mean ... definitely not me ...
