  get your fucking act together unless you want to be number 2 driver to raikkonen , yes , freaking raikkonen . 
  even if verstappen did n't make that slight correction into him there 's no way he 'd make that corner without either hitting rosberg or verstappen . 
  so pissed at his racing today . 
  either way , incredibly gutted for hamilton , god damn that hurt to watch . 
  overall i 'd say first half of the race was kinda meh , pretty surprised red bull let their guys do what they did . 
  great battle . 
  personal dotd is rosberg for me . 
  recovered well from what was n't his fault and i think that maneuver was the exact type of shit reckless world champions need to do at times . 
  and if history taught us something , world champions usually are very reckless . 
  penalty was deserved and fair , but he still managed to pull it off even with that . 
  i really liked the mood on podium , for such a depressing race ( for me at least ) it was very uplifting to see them all smiling and having fun . 
  ricciardo is the lad . 
  dumbest vettel move since brazil 2012 . 
  best : rosberg , red bull, 
  worst : vettel , mercedes, 
  definitely not . 
  there are strong stories behind this race , but racing itself was n't that great apart from that rbr battle before lewis ' car blew off . 
  he had better strategy up until the point when hamilton 's engine gave up . 
  hardly screwed over . 
  ricciardo was lucky , yes , but given what happened in monaco and spain , i am absolutely fine with some luck on his side . 
   can get raped by tentacles when you 're 18, 
  huh, 
  not really mad , just surprised and in disagreement . 
  not like his race was bad though . 
  if you think this is bad do n't even go to their facebook . 
  yes , he 's been the better driver this year . 
  it hurts to admit for me , but it 's true . 
  although i 'd disagree in terms of pace , at least when it comes to race pace i believe he 's still the faster driver by solid margin . 
  but what use is there for his pace when he makes errors every other weekend ... raikkonen 's key power over vettel is his calm consistency . 
  how about you just check out post race interviews with him instead of opening new threads here ? 
  i 'm dead sure he already made some comments , and they were n't even remotely as dramatical as you 'd think . 
  my current problem is that we are beyond the point of where it could be just excused with unlucky odd conditions . 
  his driving standards are worse than last year . 
  as i said before , he needs to stop thinking about championships , proving point to red bulls or whatever the hell dwells on his mind , and focus on each race . 
  he did that last year and was brilliant , easily the second best driver on the grid after hamilton . 
  chilled and focused seb is one of the best drivers of all time . 
  stressed overdriving seb is around grosjean levels , just faster over one lap . 
  race stewarding consistency at it 's finest . 
  but whatever , not like he can lose anything else this year besides teammate battle and some reputation . 
  he seems like he could use a bit of slapping , maybe it will help him in the end . 
  because kimi avoided him . 
  he 's been doing great things with that car . 
  but just today i though how damn bad this season is for massa . 
  i kind of wish he 'd leave the sport on more positive note than this . 
  til that divebombing pilot has the right for racing line instead of the car that 's ahead . 
  where did you learn that ? 
  check out torrent sites and watch the race later . 
  [ obvious spoiler alert ] ( / s `` maul found out that obi-wan lives . '' ), 
  i shit on him no matter what he says ... 
  i guess having their own works team forced them to spend more money and human resources on development . 
  mighty performance jump from last season . 
  race stewards are retarded . 
  period . 
  no , thanks . 
  i might disagree with some dotd votes but i will continue to vote honestly per race , not because of some personal grudges against somebody 's fanbase . 
  which is also pretty funny considering how vanilla amon amarth are nowadays . 
  i like their music , but they are n't even remotely as hardcore as some internet vikings make them out to be . 
  that 's one ugly back of a car . 
  space ipad . 
  / r/thepalapatine will show you !, 
  i always liked how neutral star wars is about these things . 
  they never mention it , they never specifically talk about it , it 's just there and nobody cares as it 's each person 's private stuff . 
  even empire . 
  wish it was that way in our world as well . 
  though to be fair ... 
  empire was pretty racist ... ca n't have it all i guess . 
  to be fair obi-wan wanted to help him with padm\u00e9 as well , but anakin always dismissed his concerns . 
  prime example of that is shown in tcw series . 
  publish full length podium/prerace interviews instead . 
  this is a bad idea . 
  so you say that straight person ca n't appreaciate same gender person 's looks ? 
  really ? 
  contrary to your beliefs that 's not how it works . 
  good friend of mine is gay and still likes to look at boobs too . 
  paying back for malaysia 2015 when christian ordered his boys to move over for seb early in as he was about to lap them . 
  the way that angry guy looks with headphones , sport sunglasses and uniform reminds me of some cringy b class comedies that run on budget tv channels . 
  your comment : people ca n't have different personal opinion on the matter than f1 driver . 
  no matter how cool drifts you can pull off in f1 car , you wo n't be anywhere near alonso levels of talents anyways . 
  any driver that wins f1 championship is a deserved world champion . 
  period . 
   hamiltons fault, 
  is it 2011 again ? 
  top notch as always . 
  i like how he dances around these design regulations . 
  his helmet designer is like a newey of helmet world . 
  will that rule work that way though ? 
  from my understanding it 's just that once in a year they can change design completely , but these rather minor tweaks are still going to be allowed . 
  also it shows very well that people do n't become evil for the sake of being evil . 
  you lose your mind after certain mistakes , go down a path that does n't allow for going back , everything is already burning . 
  going deeper in hell is the only choice at that point . 
  there are many great stories that point this out , but star wars is one of the few that really did hit mainstream . 
  shame that some people still do n't understand . 
  i understand what you are saying , i love his story and upvoted your comment . 
  but i 'd like to point out one thing ... lightsabers . 
  lightsabers are what makes star wars what it is in general to me . 
  lightsabers are the main and primary difference between star wars and any other space fantasy series to me . 
  no other franchise has such an iconic weapon that sets up ground for many great battles . 
  you can have wormholes , cities that work as spaceships , robots that rebelled against humanity , time travelling , ... anything ... but nothing beats the chills that go down everytime somebody turns on a lightsaber . 
  even after nearly 40 years . 
  huh ?
