  since you 're making such claims i suppose you have an interesting story with them as well . 
  disclaimer : i 'm partially sarcastic and partially genuinely interested with this response . 
  well , let 's be real . 
  this very likely is n't fault of anybody inside of f1 racing team . 
  this was either a major fuckup by somebody in their pr department ( should get fired immediately , this is n't worthy of rb marketing ) , or they outsourced it to some other company , gave them loads of cash to execute it , and they went super shitty on it , grabbed most of that cash for themselves and made this to happen ... 
  still , red bull should have apologised at least , or offered them another trip with actual vip treatment . 
  not cool anyways , i 'm just trying to think of it more reasonably than `` hur hur red bull sucks '' . 
  dae tired of femisenna 's bullishit ? 
  give me two months to cardio the shit out of my body and when i can fit into that car , i 'll be faster in less than a week . 
  at least i hope so . 
  but i still have no boobies so i guess i lose anyways . 
  some unspecified other stuff takes 12 seconds as well . 
  sometimes . 
  can you imagine the circlejerk if haas got to fight against red bull and mclaren on regular basis in their first season ? 
  i know the odds , i 'm just trying to use my imagination . 
  me neither . 
  34 days until first race, 
  lewis hamilton wdc for next 10 years confirmed, 
  and that list is just as shitty lol . 
  [ it 's some kind of ironical self repeating cycle ] ( http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/sport/motorsport/f1/5183388/lewis-hamilton-bored-by-red-bull-and-sebastian-vettel-dominance-after-korean-grand-prix-win.html ), 
  i 'll just leave it there . 
  yes . 
  sorry , just my opinion , do n't kill me . 
  i 'm afraid real life cloning is a bit more complicated than how it was shown in star wars . 
  schumacher and the rest . 
  he seemed to me like that kind of rich douchebag you have on every high school , who brags about shit and shares facebook posts about being successful despite not doing anything by himself . 
  ferrari really have the greatest fanbase . 
  they show nothing and their fans applaud it in joy . 
  haha . 
  this . 
  it 's not like renault engines were somehow above the class back during rbr dominance . 
  i like how they went with zero bullshit ( unlike other teams ) and just revealed the car . 
  even the multiplayer can be fun unless you run into some idiots who will ram into you whenever they can . 
  because he 's rated just as he should be . 
  even on this sub . 
  holy shit so that was serious team shirt ... 
  looks like championship contending car . 
  looks menacing . 
  you mean like ... every other year since late 90s ? 
  now we are going to grab both championships . 
   the blue shell ... the fun factor, 
  do n't give race directors any ideas . 
  ... again . 
  lewis : leading every lap of the race is enjoyable as well . 
  seb : glad i left red bull , just look at them . 
  horner : damn seb left just when we stopped giving him the best car . 
  abiteboul : jorda 's there just for lols , and fuck red bull . 
  fernando : fuck this shit . 
  fuck ron , fuck honda , fuck vettel , fuck ferrari , fuck everything . 
  guess you could say that overall haas been inspired by sauber overalls . 
  i know it was n't that way but i like to think of it as somebody thinking `` damn this pizza delivery was fast , let 's give that guy a seat . '', 
  sometimes we all go full montoya . 
  we all have montoya in ourselves . 
  especially when we are stuck in traffic . 
  back in the v10 days even offseason was much better amirite . 
  seriously though , no . 
  i find it just as boring as ever before . 
  this is what i was talking about when i said that i like williams not going full bullshit about revealing the car . 
  and it 's not like w07 is going to be radically different looking either . 
  and before somebody calls me out for being a hater , yes , ferrari was the worst with that stupid competition . 
  this looks so boring i 'd even say it 's very likely true look of the car . 
  but whatever , if it 's fast enough ... 
  that looks surprisingly okay , i was expecting something much , much worse after seeing early 2000s gradients on other team wear . 
  i wonder if this is about f1fanatic releasing it too early , or somebody at mclaren sending it out too early without mentioning nda . 
  [ you sure about that ? 
  ] ( http://www.f1fanatic.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/img_3790-886x590.jpg ), 
  [ it is buddy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caterham_ct05 ) they changed the nose during the season so i guess that might be what confused you . 
   it was noted for its unique nose design , which was replaced with a slightly more traditional design at the belgian grand prix . 
  mclaren is the most boring , but mercedes is the ugliest imo . 
  i 've never been a fan of their liveries , and this year does n't change anything about that . 
  it 's just a washed out silver with some blue-green spots . 
  black parts of that livery are just meh , but rest is ugly as hell . 
  i wonder if people would like mercedes livery less had it not been on the best car . 
  edit : got ta love how votes jump up and down with each page refresh , it 's kinda ridiculous people can get so mad over somebody 's opinion on colours scheme . 
  that 's likely , but i do n't think ferrari could catch mercedes by doing smaller continunous improvements . 
  they need to improve drastically or not at all . 
  slower continuous upgrading of the car is easier done when you already have the advantage . 
  also , if it ai n't broke ... 
  teams develop their own engine controlling software ? 
  i thought they get entire package from them . 
  that 's interesting . 
  right next to whitmarsh . 
  which makes one wonder . 
  how fast this thing can actually be ... 
  media would go nuts if they would have decent results in their debut season . 
  we do n't know that just yet . 
  i 'm not talking podiums here , just decent point finishes . 
  fantasy is my third biggest hobby just behind f1 and drinking beer . 
  sorry but claiming all 4 years of sebs championships to be boring is just bullshit . 
  2010 and 2012 were fantastic years . 
  not sure if he has such selective memory or its just politics , but that 's how it was . 
  to be fair though , hamilton definitely has more capable teammate . 
  i 'll give him that . 
   it 's pretty funny because he had four years of it and l 've only had two . 
  anything else ? 
  i just hope our excitement wo n't be slapped back after first quali . 
  i guess there has to be that one guy claiming sub is based on just one general opinion in every thread like this . 
  but giev karma plox coz i pointed out some made up irony, 
  i pay to watch it and i 'm okay with it .
