  hell fucking no to f1 without monza . 
  just no . 
  that 's like eating a cheeseburger without cheese . 
  or burger without a burger . 
  or latt\u00e9 without milk . 
  you just do n't do f1 without monza . 
  you do n't . 
  / cry, 
  hitler was doing the fucking in nazi germany as well . 
  would you have been nicer to him as well ? 
  stupidly extreme example , i know - but those are best at showing flawed logic . 
  imo by far the best episode of both tcw and rebels series . 
  i am stunned how amazing this was . 
  they really seem to hate fans . 
  the finale itself is worth watching the rest ( and tcw if you did n't watch that ) . 
  trust me . 
  it was so good i had to rewatch it 3 times , that does n't happen to me with tv shows usually . 
  alonso the man . 
  herbert was asking for it and honestly i am surprised alonso did n't just go for some kind of regular through the media answer . 
  this passive-aggressive delivery was way better . 
  just like that he entered their broadcast ... and some people still think we do n't have strong personas in f1 . 
  well what can they do to him anyways ? 
  give him a fine ? 
  dude flies with damn private jet , i doubt he cares . 
  good on him , somebody needs to show them proper middlefinger . 
  yep , we gave it another shot fom , it still sucks . 
  can we revert it back finally ? 
  button had problems with slight understeer . 
  everything is back to normal guys . 
  holy shit , mr. hamilton , i salute to you . 
  that was unreal . 
  also , great message to v10 circlejerkers . 
  edit : damn nico was very close , great lap too . 
  in that case we have encountered different kinds of people . 
  especially casuals who do n't follow f1 as closely as you or me are all like `` damn f1 is slowing down all the time . '', 
  care to share what herbert said about schumacher ? 
  i do n't know about it and quick google search did n't work . 
  quantum physics would like a word . 
  but seriously , they need to sort this shit out . 
  instead of focusing on real issues they created major new one by trying to fix something that did n't need fixing in first place . 
  i like how those tabloid media owners/journalists try to back up their sick work by doing public service and fighting for knowledge of their readers . 
  cut that bullshit , you 're doing it because sick tabloid bullshit like this sells . 
  it is an insult to real journalists who provide real , important investigations and analysis of stuff that actually matters . 
  yeah . 
  but that 's not how it works . 
  if this type of logic was used in general , i could accuse you of murder and say that there is no evidence against it , therefore you 're guilty . 
  i would n't even bother but since you called me an autist , let 's check this out :, 
  i defend current engines on regular schedule . 
  ** i actually believed in this new quali system before it was applied . 
  ** i like current tyres system . 
  i think drs as of now is well balanced addition to the sport even though i would n't mind going for more mechanical grip and leaving this solution behind . 
  i defend idea of no refueling . 
  damn i am not interested in returning to tyre wars , or tyre era when single set could do an entire race . 
  i think current racing is way better than how it was during v10 era , for the most part at least . 
  see ? 
  i 'm not exactly your average f1 hating viewer . 
  but this qualifying system fucking sucks and i can admit i was wrong about it , f1 management ca n't and that 's the problem . 
  same thing goes around all that crazy footage blocking . 
  also , he just set new track record . 
  would n't dsq essentially mean invalidating that lap as well ? 
  f1 does n't need that . 
  though to be honest i would n't dsq him either . 
  ffs even you toto now ? 
  that 's just as stupid damn it , what if it starts to rain and the guy who got to set his lap later is simply screwed just because ? 
  it 's fucking stupid and unfair system ... 
  the old one was both fair and well set for viewers . 
  also just one car at the track ... lol so much funsies, 
  pull your damn heads out of your rich asses . 
  or they pull a ferrari with strategy and we get mercedes - ferrari podium again . 
  when was that though ? 
  yosemite worked fine on my vm . 
  definitely not as fast as on real hardware , but it did n't crash or have any issues besides slower running in general , which is natural . 
  there are plenty of out-of-the-box working vm machines on torrents . 
  and that 's on my laptop with 4 gb of ram , i imagine more ram would boost it up big time . 
  oh man , now i am imagining him in some kind of republic trooper armor from swtor . 
  that would be cool af . 
  it sure looks super comfy and suitable for hot weather . 
  oh come on now , i 'm running out of swear words . 
  oh well , at least lewis will show some fun action now . 
  damn red bull looks sexy in night conditions . 
  come on kimi , at least something ... 
  it 's very satisfying to see manor do somewhat okay . 
  i mean , it 's not mindblowing , but at least it 's not getting lapped 5 times per race . 
  i know i know , better power unit , better tyres ... but it was still a nice overtake . 
  dafuq ted suddenly got overly excited over nothing . 
  seriously what 's up with pitstops today . 
  haas better train some pitstops lol , not every race can be finished with 0 stops . 
  come on guys now , they have chairs . 
  one chair for entire crew . 
  or seat , should i say . 
  that 3d map is top notch . 
  i 'm repeating myself , but i am really glad for manor . 
  wehrlein does a great job with it . 
  quite a gap ahead of haryanto ... 
  engine failed before he could even start . 
  that looked fairly dangerous for rosberg 's race hehe . 
  ferrari need to get their shit together . 
  they could have locked out hamilton from podium and therefore gaining some good points . 
  other than that , good race - f1 is doing fairly well on sundays now ( ... ) . 
  kimi did better than i expected , lewis recovered the best he could .
