  i swear it was n't intended . 
  ^ at ^ first . 
  i have one too : but they need to start making vodka ice cream first !, 
  haha , maaan we 're on fire tonight !, 
  the only team that screams in joy when their car blows up . 
  they should go with renault . 
  and that 's why people do n't like you . 
  ] ( http://cdn-3.motorsport.com/static/img/amp/500000/540000/549000/549900/549923/s6_232355/f1-malaysian-gp-2015-carmen-jorda-lotus-f1-team-development-driver-and-bernie-ecclestone.jpg ), 
  lol , did you actually expect the car to do a flip in 300 m height or what ? 
  that moment when you 're so dominant you do n't even care and throw away victory because you try to go for 0s gap for lols . 
  i do n't even do that in freaking videogames . 
  he lifts the hype from time to time . 
  exactly . 
  after so many years in racing games all these circuits are more like a muscle memory than anything else . 
  you just adjust a tiny bit for every new game , but the core is still the same . 
  but this ... this is perfect brainfuck for everybody who 's not new into motorsport . 
  i 'd be very interested whether somebody who does n't know all these tracks so well would lap this mashup faster ( at least on first few tries ) than me even with less simracing experience as he probably would adapt to it easier than myself . 
   they even had enough to show that they lured alonso from ferrari, 
  this . 
  people here in general tend to accept that alonso does n't care about podiums and he prefers being in midfield with some chance of going to top before his career ends . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with that , but damn i really doubt he would accept the mclaren deal just for the sake of leaving ferrari . 
  they must 've had something in their pocket to lure driver of such caliber . 
  ot : did n't ricciardo work on music album ? 
  i think i 've heard something quite a while ago but ca n't find anything about that . 
  exactly . 
  i enjoy this kind of ai much more than `` straight in rails no mistakes whatsoever , better back off all the time than attack you '' ai that is used in most games . 
  if there is one thing that codemasters have improved in 2015 , it 's ai . 
  they should go for it . 
  and rename it to fabulous tyre . 
  to be honest , it would probably best to take away teams say in sports direction in general . 
  they will never agree on most things ( naturally - as horner has said before , every team follows it 's own f1 agenda , some want more money , some want more testing , ... ) . 
  this is just one of many examples . 
  this sounds like pre-breakup talk . 
  `` everything 's fine , we 'll handle it ... it 's just a small crisis , it will get better ... '', 
  seems like he would love to test everything . 
  ca n't blame him though . 
  i would too . 
  maybe that 's why negotiations took so long ... he wanted to get rid of these restrictions . 
  exactly . 
  button is well known as very clean driver , he just wrestled through the entire canadian race ... which was awesome , but not very button-esque . 
  are you the boss of the most successful f1 team of last 5 years ? 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  well the challenging group content was n't announced yet . 
  woman who got into sport only due to being a woman is talking about bad gender equality in the sport . 
  i 'll be happy to cheer for good woman driver once she 's actually in f1 . 
  nobody would give a single fuck if she was male . 
  not even a single one . 
  nobody would give man with results such as her an f1 seat , even if it 's just for occasional testing . 
  i 'm tired of this gender equality talk when it 's being promoted by women who are obviously in the sport only due to unequal conditions in their favor . 
  you 're acting like susie has no financial or other sort of backing . 
  she 's married to the boss of currently the best f1 team , it 's not like she is blocked from f1 because some other guy with more connections got in . 
  as of late the points difference between lewis and nico has been nearly the same . 
  very consistent . 
  drivers : schumacher and clark, 
  team principal : todt, 
  head engineers : newey , chapman and brawn, 
  engines : 3.0 v10, 
  aero regs : ground effect and other stuff to reduce dirty air - but still remain using wings , as they are so symoblic to f1, 
  tyres : no matter who makes them , just one tyre maker for all . 
  tyre war kills the show no matter what people with nostalgia glasses think they remember . 
  tracks : bring f1 to bathurst . 
  bring back istanbul , nurburgring , brands hatch and probably some more i ca n't come up with right now . 
  i sort of like montoya 's idea , so i could go with that too . 
  no types of software start control . 
  for god 's sake though , no refueling . 
  and that 's iirc the better version of the sound . 
  if you did n't have an actual sound card , it just went through pc speaker , which did sound uncomparably more rough ... and you could n't really regulate it 's volume - or at least i did n't know how to do that . 
  that 's what engine manufacturers asked for though . 
  it was n't exactly a push from fia . 
  i would try to avoid that as much as possible . 
  i prefer to have my very last memory of people i loved or simply admired as a good memory . 
  it happened to me last year , when a very good friend of mine has passed away . 
  last time i 've seen him was the morning of the day he died ( very suddenly , he was fit ) ... and when they offered us to take a final look at him in church , i just could n't do it . 
  not because of that single moment on funeral , but because of that final memory of him . 
  i do n't want that memory to be a sad one , i want it to be that peaceful morning when we had a short talk before we split our ways ... i 'm probably going way too personal there , but whatever ... you get the idea . 
  i want to remember michael as the ultimate f1 legend , not what 's currently left of him . 
  tagged you as `` the guy who hugged senna '' . 
  seriously though , that 's real loss , at least you have that fantastic memory of the man himself . 
  i feel so much freedom just looking at it . 
  he really strikes with that `` i have cash and i 'm fucking willing to spend it . '', 
  feel , hopefully he wo n't change his mind if they wo n't be real good in first few seasons . 
  vettel , turkey 2010 . 
  he was a dick . 
  kubica , moss , g. villeneuve for sure . 
  i do n't think coulthard was that good tbh . 
  same goes for massa and barricholoveo . 
  edit : barichello lol , swiftkey stahp . 
  the sign on his helmet that race . 
  `` life is about passions , thanks for sharing mine . '', 
  so many feels qq . 
  to be fair , blizzard is about ten times as big company as arenanet is . 
  same in czech republic . 
  i always thought it 's an international term - anybody from english native country cares to confirm ? 
  so that seb can be faster than him by even larger margin ? 
  seriously though , no limits racing would n't improve the show anyhow . 
  it would really just extend currently existent gaps between teams and drivers . 
  so you guys even name circuits after him now ? 
  that multi national thing is n't really going well for him . 
  from what i 've heard germans do n't consider him a german . 
  nobody wants him .
