  whenever i see this car i feel urge to check if there is n't something wrong with my displays saturation settings . 
  it feels very warm color wise . 
  it 's a lovely story , very heartwarming ... 
  just because this sweet blind girl still loves the sport , which is super admirable ... 
  it should n't be an excuse or argument against all criticism that some people are raising . 
  and that 's coming from me , one of the people who actually tend to be on current f1 defending team . 
   magnussen will take over from palmer tomorrow , but in the meantime he 's been using the ` intense staring at screens ' experience he picked up at mclaren in 2015, 
  got ta love autosport, 
  this seems rather deep into philosophical territory . 
  well , if you 're asking me - i could live without alot of stuff including f1 , but god damn that would be one hell of a boring life . 
  there 's your answer - it 's and entertainment , originally for a few rich gentlemen , later on for millions of people around the world . 
  considering f1 has races around the world outside of eu , i guess not at all . 
  but that 's just my guess . 
  autosport decided to go for some dank memes this season i see . 
  yeah , stuff like this makes me think it 's sky pushing him into tabloid sensation drama stuff rather than his own initiative ... 
  he 's great at f1 when he 's talking about it in all seriousness . 
  we all missfire with a joke sometimes . 
  i do n't think the point behind this new system is to trouble front runners rather than just forcing them to keep running instead of allowing them to avoid some engine/tyre wear by running in less aggressive modes . 
  especially in more dynamic conditions . 
  i like this . 
  i think the blame for this vibe really should fall on commentators mostly . 
  most wec fans listen to them during races and so they get the vibe of it and then continue on spreading their shit all over the internet . 
  i do n't give a damn about wec and trust me i tried to like it , but i would n't even say a thing against it had it not been for all these `` but wec is so superior lel '' fanboys everywhere . 
  it really seems like wec is now the crossfit/vegan diet of motorsports , their fans simply have to tell you about it even if you repeatedly state that you do n't care . 
  to each their own damn it . 
  to me it seems like he sort of agrees with him by saying `` f1 should be flat out '' . 
  i defend f1 and i hate these wec circlejerks , but let 's be real - f1 is n't 100 % flat out . 
  not even 80 % flat out . 
  i think you 're talking about slightly different issue and that is performance fragmentation - had everybody been pushing 100 % all the time , the time difference in f1 would be even bigger . 
  of course , but as of now i think f1 could do a lot more flat out driving than it does . 
  we need more drivers to be vocal about this . 
  lewis knows what 's up . 
  i do n't see how this should change my point . 
  seriously though , that un-style room in fifa hq ... what ... the ... hell ... 
  i was blown away when i first saw it . 
  it looks bigger than eu parliament main hall , and all of that just because of some guys kicking a ball . 
  the last thing seb should worry about is ron 's opinion , but now i understand where your point is . 
  i guess we should value those who speak up against something even more then . 
  and to be fair , i think there is a difference between seb 's not-so-picky ( somewhat circlejerky and dumb ) words on v6 hybrids and lewis ' reasonable comments on poor fan service . 
  seb deserved some criticism after his comments , even though they were just reflecting general public opinion . 
  lewis does not - i do n't think there will be a response from any important person . 
  so ... the cars are homologated during testing ? 
  or how does fia enforce these no-testing during filming day rules ? 
  they could just come up and say `` well this is n't new wing , it 's just a promotional purposes wing . 
  \\ - nico rosberg , singapore 2014, 
  i think this regulation is more about ecological pressure rather than costs saving . 
  as are current power units after all . 
  daisy is real . 
  channel 4 , you had my curiosity , but now you have my attention . 
  are you implying i am praising lewis and his opinion just because it 's lewis and his opinion ? 
  because if so , damn lol this must be the first time somebody accuses me of positive bias towards mr. hamilton . 
  i still think drivers should be vocal about this stuff even if it leads to shitstorms and some criticism on their address . 
  it also depends on how they word it - and lewis worded it very well in this case . 
  agreed , i do n't even have to agree with drivers on everything , but i still like they are this honest . 
  just googled out the guy . 
  wow . 
  is it even fun to watch when he 's winning it all ? 
  serious question . 
  i mean - people are complaining about real f1 big time when there is somebody with even the slightest edge over others , how is iracing doing in this matter ? 
  i understand it feels different since they have the same cars , but one guy winning it all is still one guy winning it all . 
   no teams will agree to it, 
  this is one of my biggest problems with current f1 politics . 
  championship management needs to say `` fuck you if you do n't like it '' and take over the rules making process . 
  either obey the rules or go somewhere else . 
  only that way we can move forward . 
  even if that means losing one team or something . 
  and no , ferrari wo n't leave because of that . 
  f1 is the only series where they are such a prestigious brand , and whilst wec wants them to join top tier , they would n't be even close to respect and recognition they get in this sport . 
  especially not when there is still fairly young generation that grew up watching legendary michael schumacher with his legendary red cars . 
  especially when vtec kicks in . 
  edit : yo . 
  that 's quite an exaggeration . 
  not being one of the best does n't equal being shit . 
  somewhat funny story regarding bieber - [ he wanted to meet alonso , but alonso replied that he 's too busy ] ( http://f1pulse.com/news/2014052454/alonso-too-busy-for-justin-bieber-in-monaco ) . 
  i 'm not sure if they are classified as your regular celebrities , but heikki kovalainen has repeatedly invited nightwish members to gp 's and also had some fun with them karting and [ in the studio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cz3r5wdds8u ) . 
  i 'm a lifelong fanboy of the band so i thought it could be an honorable mention alongside of other celebrities named by others . 
  [ this photo doe . 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bcqqsfqfalz/?taken-by=jenson_ichiban ) seems like they are in good mood . 
  ca n't forget what i did n't see . 
  are you a fan or something ? 
  [ dis photo doe . 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bcqqsfqfalz/?taken-by=jenson_ichiban ) seems like they are in good mood . 
  i always felt somewhat indifferent about humphrey , at some point people loved him , then people suddenly hated him and i never catched why was that . 
  and now people apparently want him back again . 
  can somebody elaborate please ? 
  i love how he punches the guy and then immediately starts apologising and ensuring the guy is still okay . 
  there are many great memories , but these five stand out for me , in chronological order as they happened :, 
  * vettel winning italian gp in 2008 * - the day my fandom started , baby schumi hype was real . 
  * massa losing wdc last second to hamilton in brazil * - back then i was on hamilton 's side so that was pretty joyful for me . 
  * vettel grabbing the championship in 2010 * - very similar feelings as in 2008 , maybe slightly stronger as i really , really did n't like alonso . 
  * schumacher 's pole position lap in monaco 2012 * - it just felt so good for no rational reason , i was never happier because of pole lap ( that did n't even matter in the end ) . 
  damn there were some sweet tears on that day . 
  another fairly irrational stuff , i know - but that 's what passions are about . 
  there is something about this entire apprentice - master thing and following the steps of your greatest childhood hero . 
  italian - german ferrari was back . 
  i was born in 90s , schumacher was essentially presented as the god of racing to my generation , that 's probably where most of these feelings and fandom come from . 
  seriously , fuck off fom . 
  i do n't care that much about artificiality of drs , or graining tyres , or quiet engines , or racing in questionable countries . 
  this is the type of shit that grinds my gears most . 
  it 's a big middle finger to all the fans , drivers and pretty much anybody who wants to share some f1 content around the internet .
