  that 's one thing i really do n't like . 
  hunt , prost , senna , montoya , piquet or schumi acting like dicks at time are considered good old times classics . 
  then vettel tells kvyat his opinion on incident and people lose their shit like it 's world war matter . 
  not a fan of palmer but i honestly doubt ocon can do much more when the car is piece of garbage . 
  that 's pretty sexy . 
  i would n't mind it at all . 
  i might be missing something but i thought the only way to stop bianchi 's injury was not having that truck here at all . 
  that brutal amount of g-force would crush his brain even if he was inside of wec cockpit . 
  or not ? 
  ah , all right . 
  yeah , as a reaction to his accident it 's kinda pointless . 
  but if drivers want it to feel safer , i would n't mind this approach . 
  definitely much better than awkward halo . 
  some of that shows even in lords of the sith novel . 
  parts with him are my favorite . 
  [ slight lords of the sith spoiler ] ( / s `` when he crossed sidious ' lightsaber when he was about to murder small twi ` lek girl i was like yep , there 's still good in him . 
  even if it comes out in very small portions . '' ), 
  i do n't remember exact dialogue but it was really good . 
  something along the lines anakin asking `` why use me ? '', 
  ... and yoda answering that he 's the best at disobeying order 's will or something like that . 
  you obviously do n't know much about star wars if you think he just forgot about her . 
  there are many callbacks to her in books and comics . 
  he remembers , he remembers damn well . 
  i do n't want to spoil stuff much but he had some thoughts of striking his master down , his influence was so strong he could n't do it though . 
  this hurts to watch . 
  yeah !, 
  give those machines some personality . 
  sadly enough they should have fell out even more in order to save themselves . 
  for hardcore fans , yes . 
  your average viewer would be like `` that guy was dead and who the hell is her . '', 
  casuals are top priority when making aaa budget movie . 
  kinda boring q1 . 
  come on putin , make it rain . 
  yes , they reverted completely to 2015 system . 
  `` a ding dong battle . '', 
  huh . 
  straight outta blessings . 
  that 's just sad at this point . 
  well , at least i wo n't be bitter about vettel not being on pole due to penalty . 
  got ta look for positives lol . 
  yet another episode of clash of finns . 
  i like that . 
  kinda , yeah . 
  but it 's not really that easy to execute considering it 's matter of miliseconds and slowing down on purpose can cost you alot because of other team going 100 % . 
  which kind of is the point . 
  in terms of epic looking ? 
  sure . 
  but as a track we have worse on calendar . 
  there were two races in the past . 
  one sucked big time , the other was good . 
  some corners are fun , some are bland as hell . 
  variety-wise it 's not exactly the most fun circuit . 
  the reason this was ( initially at least ) downovoted is because you do n't make polls on open end question without `` other '' option . 
  it 's constructor based motorsport . 
  it works slightly differently than regular sport as you have different machine performances , but when it comes down to those men sitting in cockpits , it 's 100 % sport . 
  and it 's also a show - but also kinda different show than your regular shows , because it 's not scripted . 
  f1 should be what it is . 
  a motorsport . 
  stop acting like they are trying to make f1 cars look like tanks . 
  besides , i 'd totally watch some tank racing if they could do corners at 200 km/h . 
  lewis and seb pushing forward . 
  they talked about him yesterday a bit . 
  i hate that anthem with passion . 
  partially due to history reasons , and also the sound of it in general ... 
  he was right once and it automatically made him feel untouchable to pull of shit like that ? 
  marko better kick his ass after this . 
  i 'm just as pissed as he is honestly . 
  god damn my internet today , all streams are barely watchable . 
   it 's just racing, 
  damn he left most of his anger on that radio . 
  hoped for juicier interview . 
  trying to imagine what vettel could tell christian . 
  `` heeeeey ol' chris ... so about that guy who replaced me ... '', 
  then listen to his radio after the crash . 
  guess not all races can be as good as the previous ones . 
  i do n't really see lewis catching nico . 
  wow , great job kvyat . 
  you overtook a guy without taking him out !, 
  yeah , i switched to sd stream already . 
  quality sucks but at least it 's stable . 
  oh well , lewis did n't give up . 
  i did n't believe it first but in theory , he can still try to pull it off . 
  water pressure issue ? 
  man lewis vs. seb badluck challenge intensifies . 
  faulty engine . 
  still laps faster than raikkonen . 
  damn . 
  you get a grip , there are rules in place that ban spoiling other competitions . 
  mclaren points hype !, 
  finally some good news today . 
  great stuff from mclaren , good recovery from lewis . 
  kimi should have held on that second for longer time ... 
  but yeah , i 'm still pretty salty , i need a beer . 
  and you can read his mind since when ? 
  just because this kind of mistake can be done by any driver does n't mean that it 's not a very stupid mistake . 
  that track was racing heaven even without such comparisons . 
  kvyat wdc for next 4 years confirmed . 
  omg so funny . 
  to add to that , he 's the only living f1 driver who has his own hollywood class movie . 
  legend .
