   the magic is gone and the man to blame is mr.dennis, 
  mclaren has been on decline before dennis returned into the team . 
  he 's also one of the men who made team 's most famous era . 
  i do n't like him , but he deserves more credit than you give him . 
   hire people who actually know what they are doing, 
  they hired red bull 's aerodynamicist , that 's a good start in my books . 
  it does n't work in a way that you just say `` oh man , we really need the best people in the world . 
  find them and hire them . '', 
  - because guess what , many of these people already work for other teams . 
  okay , that 's it ... 
  my paper tv programme gets time wrong from time to time . 
  should i make post about it ? 
  seriously . 
  no offense op , but most shitposting during summer break was better than this . 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myyq4ltvjne ), 
  i 'm pretty sure he was n't just talking . 
  i hate conspiracy theories but it 's really hard to believe that she does n't know that . 
  maybe just a brain fart ... one hell of a brain fart though . 
  he 's good . 
   youre showing subhuman inteligence levels, 
  wow . 
  ok . look - i kind of agree with you as i would n't rate ricciardo any lower than seb and i definitely would n't rate kimi as high as some time ago , but you 're taking this argument way too far . 
  opinions are opinions though . 
  if you ask people for their opinion , and their list of best drivers , they are naturally going to give you their list of best drivers . 
  `` their '' being the important part - it 's absolutely based on your personal opinion and yes , that is usually very biased . 
  if somebody asks for unbiased ranking of drivers , then there is more space for such thing as going against some people 's opinions . 
  with the way this thread was made it 's more like `` i think potato salad is better than french fries . '', 
  ... `` what ?!, 
  have you fucking lost your mind ? '', 
  type of argument . 
  so ... yeah . 
  i really do n't see any reason why should some get so militant over the fact that others have different opinion . 
  and once again , i even agree with ponky for what it 's worth , but he lost his shit for no reason . 
  think about it from driver 's perspective . 
  how would you use that ? 
  randomly in order to try catching up ? 
  of course not , that would be waste of `` drs charges '' . 
  you would use it exactly just when you 're really sure that you can make the pass easily . 
  it would n't help anyhow - quite the opposite . 
  watch the race ? 
  exactly . 
  seb himself suggested they should pit once more . 
  so starts were n't such disaster as i expected . 
  great race by lewis , decent recover by nico , nice stuff by romain . 
  boo of the day goes to ferrari and their strategy with seb . 
  lol of the day goes to williams ... you know why . 
  that williams pit guy 's face right after was pretty describing . 
  kimi okay-ish recover , i think he could 've done better , but still okay . 
  mclaren back to being invisible as usual - one half sad half funny moment with our local commentary : `` alonso overtakes ... umm ... well , that 's pretty unusual sight recently . '', 
  too bad it did n't work out for ricciardo and p\u00e9rez , i really got hyped by their start and sergio 's kemmel straight attack on lewis . 
  as much as i love spa , it was kinda boring this year . 
  ( do they even pit ? ), 
  his engineer 's . 
  he wanted to pit . 
  so what ? 
  different strategies . 
  and ricciardo failed to do so , so they returned to previous formation ( props to ricciardo there for doing so ) . 
  please do n't kill me : is n't that kind of because his father is ultra-douche ? 
  how is jos popular ? 
  could n't it just be his reputation reflecting on his kid too ? 
  what can they do ? 
  dsq him from the race ? 
  he was n't on points anyways . 
  oh man , i though people were mad at him because he was angry due to pirelli screwing up his race . 
  but he has a point . 
  i would act the same in his position , had it happened in eau rouge ... well ... god 's help would be needed at that point . 
  yeah , but i would rather not tempt that bad luck anyways . 
  haha , yeah . 
  * grabs popcorn * ... or more like ... * braces himself before shitstorm *, 
  ferrari gambled & lost that 's for sure . 
  but those tyres were designed to lose their performance massively , and that usually happened before . 
  not this time . 
  this time instead of losing their performance after certain point they just exploded . 
  i 'm sure as hell that 's not by design . 
  wow . 
  they estimated 40 laps and then they say that ferrari overshot with 28 laps . 
  i do n't want to sound like one of those crazy fanboys , but come on ... am i missing something ? 
  oh , right . 
  i did n't get your comment the right way . 
  now i see it . 
  let 's just not get far too ahead of ourselves . 
  motorsport is n't safe thing and this was a technical failure . 
  nothing worthy of criminal status . 
  please , do n't make comments such as this , especially when there is not even the slightest reason to do so . 
  we do n't need to generate unnecessary hostility between fans of each driver . 
  and it does n't add anything to discussion either . 
   40 laps would likely be in optimal , non-race conditions . 
  why would they calculate operational life of racing tyre for non-race conditions ? 
  your edit made it sound even more idiotic . 
  but thanks for clarifying . 
  is teapot still one of the basic 3d models ? 
  i remember 3dsmax from high school and laughing that there is a teapot amongst other basic models one would expect more such as sphere , cylinder , or box . 
  manor lost chance to win in wcc, 
  this year 's done for me, 
  rock hard tyre can suddenly explode too , or no ? 
  let alone the fact that verstappen was at fault . 
  some people ... 
  some people just ca n't catch a break and need to stick their stupid anti-rosberg agenda into everything . 
  i hope you feel better now .
