  i think both games do just well without it . 
  there is no point sharing revenue with valve when game does just fine . 
  i 'd like to see my gw2 achievements on steam profile , but it 's not really enough for me to push arenanet into less profit situation . 
  as a non native speaker , took me a second to get it . 
  well played . 
  * checked your karma for first time ... wow , that 's alot of karma . 
  something along the lines of `` money wo n't make you happy , but it 's better to cry in ferrari rather than on a bench . '', 
  half of my reddit activity is from my phone when i 'm bored travelling to college and home . 
  to each their own . 
  dc never really grew onto me when he was still racing , i just did n't really find him likable . 
  but since then , he just talks so much sense and is definitely up there with those guys i would n't mind if fia gave them power to run f1 . 
  i have lotus renault f1 team branded rexona . 
  [ it 's something . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ least ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ ^ tell ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ smell ^ ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ ^ kimi . 
  yeah . 
  fix : i used to smell like kimi . 
  i did n't see it in supermarkts for quite some time , but when i bought it , he was still in lotus . 
  he posted that comment twice ( probably just a lag/error in connection ) . 
  one has upvotes , other one got downvoted . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
   * everybody is taller than you . 
  can you confirm you understood that message ? 
  ftfy, 
  haha , that 's really cool . 
  photographer 's revenge . 
  that 's interesting , as teams denied any increases in loudness during pre-season testing . 
  hi , thanks for this ama . 
  are there any particular drivers who do n't like when you point camera at them ? 
  do they change their facial expression , do they just cover their face with something , anything like that ? 
  and second to that - are there any drivers who love being photographed and make some funny poses or something like that ? 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  i just remembered that moment when kimi pushed down a camera guy ( not sure if it was photographer or tv camera guy ) on the grid just before the race . 
  can you imagine how would you react to something like that ? 
  it 's kind of a stupid question , but i ca n't really imagine my own reaction , and since you know these guys better than i will ever do ... 
  i do n't really care where he ends up being , but i guess wrc is reasonable option for him as he seemed to be enjoying that type of racing . 
  omg . 
  he said bitch ?!, 
  i could n't figure out what that word was with his super sophisticated censorship . 
  kind of confirms my own views on kimi as of late . 
  i used to mention him when people asked about my favorite drivers , i do n't even do that anymore ... somewhat sad that he 's just a shadow of his past glory both on and off the track . 
  anyways , thanks once again for your time . 
  wish you many great shots in the future !, 
  i believe they 'll do something . 
  but even then 9/11 is quite a different level of tragedy compared to jules ' crash . 
  i would n't be mad if they wo n't do another blank car ( though i 'd like to see it ) - black nose does it justice imo . 
  nothing really , they were just hiding it harder than was necessary . 
  * tldr : self proclaimed oldschool f1 fan claims that younger f1 fans should n't mourn over lost driver , because he was n't as legendary as senna was . 
  also claims that young fans wanted to see driver die ... for some reason . 
  i 'm not sure how to respond to this ... if you really feel entitled to be the only one here to be sad about any driver 's death ( `` cause you were there '' ) , fuck you then . 
  btw , senna did n't die for you to wear your `` cooler death badge '' either . 
  only difference between 90s and present is that in 90s there was no reddit or twitter to express yourself about it there . 
  internet would blow up in 90s too if it was as evolved as it is in these days . 
  * ricciardo vs. vettel argument intensifies *, 
  bottas must improve his wet form . 
  he was on par ( maybe faster ) during dry conditions with massa , but when it started raining massa had way better pace . 
  i kind of thought you were too hard on him too , but british gp was eyes opening for me . 
  massa just wiped the floor with him once it got tricky . 
  since then i really think there will not be much difference between kimi and valtteri in terms of pressure being put on sebastian . 
  valtteri might be just that little bit more consistent , but that 's it . 
  he/she just gave opinion ... 
  is n't it sweet how mclaren still do these subtle winks at hamilton on twitter ... 
  `` that 's great . '', 
  dagger is the most likely imo . 
  but i 'd love staff . 
  i guess we all have probably been to funerals before , funerals of people we knew and loved . 
  but still , this strikes me ... it 's so unusual to see those men so shattered . 
  i kind of wish they would just skip press conferences this weekend , wo n't be easy when they point mics in front of them right after this . 
  not this time mate . 
  makes me wonder why sebastian did n't wear one too then . 
   people like you are the ones who makes this here pretty useless and not fun . 
  implying that people who shoehorn their antipathy towards some drivers into mourning thread are anyhow better ? 
  this is also why it was many times said that closed cockpit would n't save him . 
  jcb did n't hit him ... that would 've killed him immediately . 
  i feel for sutil too , i know i would have some nightmares about it . 
  good old bmw sauber + kubica times before bmw bailed out . 
  loved it . 
  very inspiring and touching even for people who have never seen bruce mclaren race live ( including me ) . 
  i expected another brazil 's joke video when i saw title of this post . 
  well ... that was unexpected . 
  i thought that condi guard wo n't work even after patch . 
  guess i was wrong , cheers / u/obal !, 
  first i wanted to say `` thanks god this is race week and we have something else to talk about . 
  '' , and then i realised it 's the last race week for quite a long time . 
  fml, 
  do n't forget 4 world titles which would otherwise belong to either ferrari or mclaren . 
  tobacco and oil companies are free to create their own team and run it towards championship winning car too . 
  they just do n't do that . 
  i agree that rbr is whiny as it stands now , but your hate against them just makes you pull out unreasonable arguments . 
  they were `` a fucking sponsor '' for more than 20 years ... that 's like a third of f1 's history . 
  i feel like playing devil 's advocate when i defend rbr , but i really think they deserve their slice . 
  i want good mmorpg with fun pve and well balanced pvp . 
  vr stuff might be cool , but make it optional and secondary feature , not main emphasis of the game . 
  i honestly do n't want to wear some helmet for 1000 + hours which i 'd likely spend in the game . 
  sounds reasonable , but nico seemed to struggle with brakes too though - might have been due to pressure , but last year he burned tyres in sochi and monza quite hard by locking up . 
   mehri looks like he is transitioning into hayden christensen half way to the darkside . 
  as big star wars fan ... never realised that . 
  sometimes i see people complain that nigel only won his championship due to that crazy fast williams car . 
  well ... he did , but he was still an amazing driver , at least from what i 've seen - he has had some bad luck through his career , so that williams was pretty nice pay-off . 
  `` who 's that question for ? '', 
  `` oh , you did n't listen !,
