  right now most android phones have fingerprint sensor either below the display or on the back of the phone ( i prefer back as that means i can get bigger display with lesser bezels in front ) . 
  it 's not the first time i read this but i honestly i see no problems with their looks . 
  a few friends of mine consider max hot and victoria is fine by me . 
  she 's not a 10 but then again neither am i. 
  or most guys who are rating other people 's looks this hard for what it 's worth . 
  yep , that 's 2013 in nutshell for ya . 
  you 're kind . 
  i thought of `` ves , ves , ves '' list . 
  yeah . 
  i imagine i would n't care much for video games either if i could live the life of f1 champion . 
  still pretty oldschool comment from alonso though , i know way older people than he is who play videogames regularly . 
  yep , samsung keeps on ignoring this and pushes on their button layout . 
  i do n't really care as i avoid samsung phones , but you have a good point . 
  i might not like it , but they are the biggest manufacturer ... 
  so ... is this our official proof that earth is canon ? 
  i mean ... besides et thing . 
  i would n't want to take a ride with him during rush hour in a city . 
  the thing with you being a mclaren fan and him being a ferrari fan made me think ... 
  i miss fierce rivalry between these two teams . 
  it 's definitely because of childhood memories of mika vs. schumi goodness , but damn ... f1 needs these two teams on the top . 
  one can dream for 4 way championship fight next year , right ... 
  i 'd hate if it 's just mercedes show again . 
  i 'd be somewhat happier if it 's rbr vs merc . 
  i 'd be very happy if ferrari is about to join that fight . 
  i 'd cream my pants if mclaren could join this battle as well . 
  oh the wild fantasies ... let 's make f1 great again , ferrari and mclaren , come on , it 's up to you !, 
  that 's quite something if that is the case wow . 
  no problems whatsoever with my unit , i have pretty much same model . 
  yeah . 
  i really do n't see what kind of deep discussion did he expect regarding this . 
  eh ... you must be very annoyed with the sport since ... well ... ever ? 
  `` it 's just the car . 
  hamilton/raikkonen are true champions ! '', 
  somewhere in alternative reality ... 
  anyways , yaay , second championship for button . 
  he really was on it that year . 
  yes !, 
  i love prequel lightsaber fights . 
  i do n't care if they are just too unrealistic - those who say so can bite me , i do n't go to cinema expecting star wars to be a realistic portrayal of space colonisation . 
  joke 's on you . 
  i never stopped watching star wars in first place . 
  over 9000 . 
  except that children usually like prequels most . 
  partially because they do n't care about certain movie qualities , but also because their view is n't hampered by internet armchair movie experts and stupid memes . 
  i bet you if most people who hate on prequels would be told to name their top 10 movies besides star wars , more than a half of them would be objectively even worse than the worst stuff from prequel trilogy . 
  but it 's not cool to hate on those so it 's fine . 
  how many great characters did natalie portray though ? 
  seriously . 
  imo padm\u00e9 is one of the better roles she played no matter how you look at it . 
  maybe he should grow up and stop dwelling on his hatred towards movies that are freaking decade old then . 
  interesting how hate towards prequels never really got this strong before meme culture started expanding . 
  but yeah , it definitely must be because he just does n't like the movies ... why are n't there constant hordes of people spamming fantasy subreddits how hobbit trilogy ruined lotr then ? 
  i do n't like many movies yet i see no reason to remind everybody of that every other day or so . 
  nobody says that they are on par with originals . 
  even those who like prequels ( myself included ) do n't . 
  but heaven forbid if there is more ways to rate movies than just this binary way of doing so . 
  i 'm sorry but if you do n't see the gap between `` best movies ever '' and `` watching those 3 together would be more emotionally scaring then seeing mom die in a movie '' ... you need help . 
  you win . 
  i really just ... feel stupid that it never crossed my mind at all lol . 
  to be fair , max handled every race start pretty well so far . 
  he tends to get aggressive later on . 
  i think he 'll handle it well . 
  should be pretty fun race even for full dry one . 
  lewis pushing hard from behind , alonso will try his best as well , manor could even get one car on points if somebody else screws up , leading cars seem rather close to each other on raw pace . 
  verstappen 's different strategy than the rest of leaders could be very interesting factor too . 
  this better be good with the way cards are set . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  it was that kind of incident that should have been resolved via middlefinger and nothing else . 
  best start strategy , yeah . 
  not sure about stuff that comes afterwards though . 
  his strategy pretty much relies on early safety car or rain + not getting stuck in traffic after changing tyres . 
  it could work , but it relies on other stuff way too much . 
  if everything goes well for everybody else , i doubt it 's gon na do him much favor . 
  to be honest even our local czech commentary went on how good result it was from palmer ... ignoring kmag like eh whatever . 
  alonso even starts ahead of hamilton mate . 
  the dream lives . 
  nah , he pulled engine strategy move . 
  grabbed few free engine parts for the rest of the season and took shitload of penalties on purpose . 
  he has like 30 place grid drop or something ... in quali he just set 20th time in order to fulfill 107 % limit and then settled down . 
  gon na be fun watching him tomorrow . 
  he 's fed up of driving shit cars when he knows what could have been . 
  he complains about f1 but if mclaren get to improve i believe he 'll gladly shut up and drive for another 7 years . 
  also ... which driver does n't complain about anything ... name one . 
  sometimes i feel like google is changing shit just for the sake of changing shit . 
  this is one of those examples . 
  no new opengl support is stupidiest excuse of them all , ca n't wait to get custom build android 7.0 working on my snapdragon 800 phone even without their bullshit for forcing people into buying new phones . 
  mobile device hardware stagnates as of late , actual flagships from 2013 still have enough performance for most 2016 tasks , so they need to compensate for it somehow . 
  as long as they keep acting like this people wo n't stop making jokes about their updates policies . 
  big thumbs down . 
  the thing with actually working beta roms proves even more bs on their side . 
  even androidmasterrace ca n't defend this , and i say that as a guy who really likes android otherwise . 
  he was pretty vocal about it in radio after quali so ... yeah . 
  that battle took place during like final 4 laps . 
  tight battles near the end of the race are pretty standard in f1 as well . 
  i do n't really think that gp2 engines sound any good . 
  pretty regular racecar sound , nothing overly exciting . 
  i watched that race as well and i found it rather meh . 
  fun battle in the end , but otherwise pretty weak for gp2 standards . 
  definitely watch them if you have time to do so though , spec series combined with sometimes overly ambitious young guns makes for one hell of a show . 
  been watching from time to time since 2011 or so and it 's definitely good fun most of the time .
