  people can say whatever they want about crofty , but at least he 's genuinely passionate about the sport . 
  lazenby ... eh ... he might be , but i never really got that impression from him . 
  absolutely unrealistic . 
  some men just want to watch the world burn . 
  haas is doing really well around here . 
  i enjoyed autosport a bit too . 
  it felt like it was made in a very short amount of time just to save that shitstorm after grid 2 ( which it was ) , but i still played it for like good 50 hours or something like that ... decent game . 
  especially when compared to grid 2 which i quit after like 5 hours of gameplay . 
  still hoping for proper grid 3 though . 
  it 's ... beautiful . 
  i like how ocon went full vettel on the radio . 
  obligatory `` honestly ! '', 
  included . 
  great impression overall . 
  but seriously , what the fuck was perez thinking is beyond me . 
  this guy is in no position to call out ocon for less inteligent moves . 
  eli5 : what 's the deal with that ? 
  even though i know this post is about ocon , i automatically read that in vettel 's angry voice . 
  well played then . 
  also on part where you go in big speeds , approaching very blind part of the track . 
  it 's crazy enough to do that alone , but to do it against your teammate is a whole new level . 
  kid is going places !, 
  is he trying to push some conspiracy story there ? 
  like jesus christ champ , you won the race , chill ... there clearly was debris on the track . 
  agreed , both on well deserved +2 rating . 
  not a single mistake from them today whilst constantly keeping each other under pressure . 
  yeah , in this case the narrative does not work that well ... 
  there is that thing about him being a dick towards people around paddock sometimes , like pushing the photographer or that kid and just walking away from it . 
  both are very old incidents though and i ca n't recall media making a fuss out of it besides some smaller blogs . 
  wow , so many +2 votes for mercedes . 
  sure , they won the race and all , but was it really a +2 rating for the team ? 
  for lewis , no doubts , he drove a masterclass there ... but mercedes as a whole ? 
  with bottas being fifth in the car that 's best suited for powertracks like spa ? 
  +1 rating at best imo . 
  for once i think ferrari votes are more reasonable and less emotions based than mercedes votes . 
  even though i do n't think ferrari would deserve +2 ratings either ... but they did n't have as many so there 's that . 
  exactly . 
  it 's doable to execute a beautiful overtake there ... as long as both drivers are not total crazies . 
  i sincerely hope this was just a media talk to make them seem like they do n't take any sides , because there 's no fucking way ocon was at fault for either of their spa collisions . 
  mercedes seems like only reasonable option that could possibly be open - bottas does n't have a contract yet , right ? 
  no shit sherlock . 
  it 's not like i 'm making a big deal about this , i 'm just interested in people 's opinions , especially those who gave them +2 score ... 
  so , honda , ... you 're saying that the alonso retiring on purpose conspiracy was not really a conspiracy ? 
  damn . 
  i 'm conflicted , on one side i do n't really blame him for being angry with the engine ... on other ... that 's really unprofessional no matter how shit things look to him . 
  what if mercedes just counter it with their own tow tho ... and now that i think of it ... nevermind , i do n't really want to see that speed they could pull out with a tow ... 
  last time ferrari hyped up something by themselves , 2016 happened . 
  but i guess there 's no turning back , either go full hype or quit now . 
  i 'm aboard then . 
  wrong . 
  [ obviously it 's this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc7av-oxmyg ), 
  after all , life is about priorities . 
  i think it is very mutual . 
  it still hurts . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is he serious or is he going full 2012 alonso with those mind-games ? 
  his recent statements including this one seems like it 's the latter and i honestly can say fuck that and am i glad that vettel does n't do stuff like this . 
  yeah cause i totally believe that . 
  if they were this honorable they would n't have done it in the first place . 
  and yes , i know that any team would do it if they found the loophole in the rules ... 
  i 'm not really attacking mercedes or anything about it , just the idea of them somehow coming out of it as the good guys . 
  these guys are there to win at all costs , especially if one of those costs includes being somewhat shady behind the scenes . 
  toto and mercedes are n't different . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  let me just buy some popcorn . 
  i mean , who does n't at this point . 
  he 's clearly the best driver of his generation and crushes tons of records . 
  not much there to discuss , fan or not . 
  whoever says otherwise is just extremely biased or salty . 
  seriously . 
  i may not like him in certain aspects , but as a driver he 's the best . 
  exactly , single battle does n't win entire war . 
  so this is the first chassis that was designed with halo in mind , right ? 
  some people said that once chassis is designed around it , it will look much better ... 
  well color me fucking unsurprised , it does n't . 
  i 'd take demoralising over unreasonably using strictly limited resources any day . 
  a very beautiful car . 
  i even like it more than some current f1 's . 
  for the first time in years i am somewhat looking forward to school . 
  it starts in two weeks ... 
  i 've been at work all the time since bachelor finals ... and do n't get me wrong , i like my job , but i start to miss that punk-ish feel of students life . 
  i might start hating school in first week of it but hey , now i 'm looking forward to a bit chilled student 's life again . 
  these are my last 2 years of studies as i do n't really plan anything beyond masters degree ... 
  i 'll enjoy it to the fullest while i still have time ... before `` real adulthood '' kicks in . 
  still hoping for some miraculous ferrari win . 
  imagine the atmosphere . 
  after such a long time ... 
  i think he lives in italy . 
  going to the gp is a no-brainer . 
  he might be just a guest at renault 's . 
  or ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no way rbr are just tenth away from ferrari on monza and stoffel in top 10 with honda engine . 
  these results do n't mean shit . 
  as usual . 
  that was when they got lucky with senna 's collision , right ? 
  speaking of emulating your heroes , lewis ... 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ joke . 
  that 's very interesting , did n't know that . 
  in that case ... hype .
