  it 's a fun way to explore `` could have been '' situations sure , ... but besides that it 's a big no . 
  nobody wants an ot remake and i bet you everything i have that lucasfilm knows that really well . 
  it could `` technically '' be the best thing ever and it would still be more hated than the worst stuff of prequels . 
  you just do n't make a remake of star wars ot . 
  especially if the new version would be canon and the old one would n't . 
  damn that would probably make fans go into streets with torches and stuff . 
  and who are you to judge which music is shit or is n't ? 
  i really do n't like the sound mixing on this one . 
  it lacks energy and rest of the band is too in background compared to floor 's ( amazing ) voice . 
  end of an era really is a massive benchmark to beat , but damn if most songs form that live recording were n't even better than studio recordings . 
  this one ? 
  i 'm not so certain . 
  their audio guy did n't do as good job as he could have . 
  which is sad as i was really really really looking forward to some high quality live recording of this `` third era '' nightwish . 
  one word . 
  when was seb overly critical of the car ? 
  unless ferrari sack vettel ( and they can fuck right off if they do ) , it wo n't happen . 
  i know that this is n't canon but i really like the idea behind it . 
  hopefuly at some point they will make vader use that remark again . 
  it 's so sad yet so awesome at the same time . 
  being strong because you hate yourself and what you 've done , and that hate fuels your power ... that 's how you make villains !, 
  system that allows you to smash brake pedal like crazy without locking up tyres . 
  `` keeee-fiat . '', 
  \\ - every non-slavic f1 journalist ever, 
  to add to that , constantly coming up with new original shit gets hard when entire franchise is 40 years old next year . 
  it seems like that is the case and it automatically makes me appreciate his character even more . 
  i was n't sure about his execution in rebels , but so far it was amazing . 
  finally solid rebels villain that has strong character and interesting stuff behind him except for regular stuff that baddies do - i do n't count vader in as he really is n't the main bad guy of rebels and kallus still needs some more character development to be a bit more interesting . 
  dude , not even very well received tcw season 3 had such a strong start . 
  we are 4 episodes in and i still struggle to find anything to complain about . 
  well done . 
  no it 's not . 
  and it was n't a miracle . 
  nokia shot itself multiple times before this entire microsoft thing by first completely ignoring iphone/android hype train and then trying to catch up in panic with touch versions of symbian . 
  microsoft did n't help and panicked as well , but origin of that massive nokia downfall is deeper than just microsoft killing nokia after realising that nobody cares about their mobile os . 
  mildly interesting ot comment : it 's threads like this that make me realise how american tis sub actually is . 
  if they introduce cody i 'll lose it . 
  i wish he 'd face off with rex so much . 
  or even better . 
  with obi-wan . 
  kanan or sabine i think . 
  i bet you they did n't give up on this idea of ezra being tempted by the dark side . 
  and either of those two being seriously hurt or killed would push him off the cliff very fast . 
  i 'd be absolutely fine with that . 
  he 's jar jar of ot to me . 
  but screw that , he 's iconic as hell anyways . 
  somewhat agree , but i do however find difference between show being `` dark '' and being straight up childish how it was especially in s1 of both tcw and rebels . 
  those random `` banters '' between ezra and zeb were cringier than most jar jar stuff to me . 
  right now rebels hits the sweet spot and i think they wo n't go any further into darkness . 
  after all it 's still a cartoon show . 
  however some darker tv live action series in star wars universe ... 
  i 'd watch that , yeah . 
  what 's up with hate towards rex ? 
  probably just crystal emitter shaped in standard blade shape ? 
  i 'm no star wars science expert , especially when it comes to lightsabers , but i guess that 's about it . 
  pretty odd that nobody had a single problem with him until he started making these moves then ... raikkonen even acknowledged that he drove really well when max defended him in spain . 
  stop making up random shit excuses . 
  i 'm honestly surprised . 
  to keep shit simple just look at verstappen 's tight battle with ricciardo in malaysia this year . 
  tight wheel to wheel racing without drs processions can happen without being a dick in braking zones . 
  heck even verstappen 's racing was fine regarding this up until recent races . 
  as of now , verstappen 's moves were technically legal because it was just a gentleman agreement , now it 's ( probably ? ), 
  going to be a set rule , which means it 's finally punishable . 
  gentleman agreements work only if everybody respects them . 
  verstappen did n't and he was pretty much the only one , we still had lots of on-track action with drivers who did n't defend like he did . 
  the only argument i can understand is that it is more confusing for newcomers . 
  but then again we are talking about sport that has like 5 or whatever tyre sets for dry conditions and button that makes you go faster on straights , but only if you are 1 second behind a car at one certain detection point . 
  it 's already confusing , i do n't see how making one type of move illegal makes it even more confusing , especially considering that it was being repeatedly done just by one partical driver . 
  well , droid 's are n't all artsy and stuff . 
  not much there to study about ice cold tactical machine . 
  10 bucks on kalani winning that battle . 
  i like that we are finally exploring the idea that none side of clone war was meant to be the winning one . 
  i sincerely hope this is n't the last time we are seeing cis droids in empire era . 
  also that ending was smart as hell . 
  easy way to force in some nostalgia and make people rewatch tcw hehe . 
  yep . 
  only thing that actually spiced up regular stereotypical shit was ricciardo 's magnificent accent . 
  i have no idea what native texans sound , but it sure was fun , sir . 
  and everywhere else where he managed to do better than rosberg . 
  for now . 
  you know that situation is bad for him when it 's me making such remarks . 
  beautiful lap by hamilton . 
  overall just disappointed by the gap ferrari have to rbr and vettel has to kimi . 
  nothing overly exciting , japanese quali was more fun . 
  i ca n't watch the race tomorrow live so hopefuly they 'll put up enough reasons for me to watch it later during monday . 
  he always kept his car criticisms for himself or internal discussions though . 
  this time he got mad at the car if i understood his message correctly . 
  honestly, 
  b. . . but ... u broke / u/funkygradstudent 's idiotic circlejerk attempt . 
  i do n't notice ads anymore as well . 
  consumerism is fine by me as i can easily ignore it 's negatives . 
  and is toxic for the team . 
   try and play politics to have arrivabene fired, 
  huh . 
  why do you think so ? 
  yeah . 
  i do n't understand that either . 
  from my basic understanding cota and suzuka are very similar as solid part of them relies on very solid downforce and then there are two long straights that rely on raw power . 
  pretty similar to my amateur eye . 
  but oh well .
