  seriously , fuck people like you . 
  yeah , he 's a dude with degree in food analysis and you 're a dude who read some story on agenda-ish vegan blog . 
  who should i take more seriously ? 
  hmm ... 
  edit : haha , enjoy downvoting for pointing out your flawed agenda . 
  sheldon , is that you . 
  biased opinion of course : it would be close , but schumacher would be the winner . 
  senna was fast as crap , but not as consistent . 
  schumacher had more ... umm ... let 's call it `` racing intelligence '' . 
  but as / u/git _ bazman said , nobody really knows . 
  all about size zero mate . 
  i thought that 's a well known fact . 
  does anybody really deny this ? 
  and the german is n't really popular in germany . 
  haha . 
  now that 's trolling done right . 
  good job . 
  that shit you 're smoking . 
  i want to try it . 
  when you mentioned trulli i sort of automatically expected about 10 cars following right behind him . 
  just curious - what 's funny about that ? 
  rosberg 's about to join that club too . 
  i do n't know guys . 
  i would n't call him a twat just because he 's dancing there . 
  i mean ... am i the only one there who likes to go to a club from time to time and just have fun and not give a fuck about anything else ? 
  i doubt i would look any better if somebody pointed camera at me in the middle of party . 
  yes , i can relate to vettel 's calm lifestyle more in general , but i also would n't mind this type of fun from time to time . 
  you guys know i am not really a hamilton fan ( though i like him this year way more than before ) , but i see no reason to bash him because he was there . 
  there were lots of people , he just happened to be the famous one , so media followed him . 
  i 'm not sure if most people here are really that old that they ca n't relate to dude at party , or what is it about ... and yes , it 's very cringy video . 
  just like every single video from a party you watch after you become sober again . 
  you can play through season 2 if you have a friend who has it unlocked for free . 
  you just wo n't be able to progress through achievements . 
  i would say it 's worth it if you really like the game , but if you 're not sure how do you feel about gw2 in long term , do n't buy it . 
  you do n't need to play/know season 1 so much though . 
  there are some good summaries of s1 story on youtube , including one that is currently in-game ( npc in la ) . 
  it would only work on some tracks . 
  can you imagine monaco with many different racing classes ? 
  i would n't like it , i 've never been a fan of this type of racing . 
  f1 at it 's core is kinda simple , which partly is why it 's become so popular in the past . 
  this would take that simplicity away . 
  well i do n't think that 's the main problem behind that low attendance . 
  prices were pretty high and it was just after fifa world cup finals , during which germany wrecked everybody they faced . 
  people probably just focused more on that competiton at the time . 
  damn . 
  natalie portman remains the most beautiful female to cast in star wars for me , but damn it 's really close . 
  what if something on the car breaks ? 
  do you contact ferrari or do you make your own research on where to get replacement parts ? 
  whatever are the costs of running a vintage f1 car in general ? 
  wow . 
  well i did n't see original trilogy when it came out , but i 've still seen it before prequels came out , and i still prefer natalie . 
  this entire conversation is kinda pointless as people have different tastes , i just expressed my view . 
  many of them kind of lack natural look though , natalie still keeps it imo . 
  and even then , it 's not like star wars has ever had perfect timeline consistency . 
  i could live with that . 
  senna also was better driver . 
  he left darth briatore though . 
  hayden christensen ( or is that some kind of joke around here ? ) . 
  and now that you say it , i think so too !, 
  what , really ? 
  sorry ... i mean ... it ca n't get any better if this is true !, 
  saturday nights ha , we all know them . 
  how do you feel about reckless socialism that led your country where it is and then put blame on other 's who loaned you money to kick your economy again , yet you wasted it on maintaining your socialism ? 
  do n't be offended when somebody corrects you , take it as a lesson and improve your language skills instead . 
  and yes , i know that my grammar is n't perfect either . 
  or you dualwield legendary and cry over no use for infinite light . 
  how dare you, 
  dae hamilton tired of banging rihanna all night and rosberg tired of nursing his pregnant wife . 
  dae vettel wdc confirmed ? 
  boring life pays off after all . 
  they appeared at two same parties so its pretty much confirmed amirite . 
  i once happened to be at the same party as miss world 2006 did , so that must mean that i totally dated her right ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ did n't . 
  hey ross , how 's fishing . 
  kimi does n't like the car though . 
  bottas wdc confirmed then ? 
  do n't forget that manor still has mathematical chance to win too . 
  burn so much that lauda gets flashbacks by it . 
  only if you do ama first . 
  my question : did you know about piquet 's crash ? 
  yes or yes ? 
  still bitter that k-mag has more podiums than hulk with way less seasons ? 
  see , we can do flairflaming either way . 
  let 's just stop it there . 
  hah ... touch\u00e9 . 
  cevert 's or hunt 's helmets win this for me . 
  i just love their timeless minimalism with strong emphasis on typograhpy . 
  i kind of liked you even though you obviously have very different opinions than me , but man this is load of bullshit . 
  i know you do n't give a single damn if i liked you or not , i just wanted to state that before i go on :, 
  so you 're obviously a big hamilton fan . 
  by your stereotypes you 're rich black gangsta rapper who parties every night . 
  sounds like i 'm talking alot of crap , right ? 
  well guess what , that 's what your logic implies . 
  as a white middle class guy ( oh look , you got something right ) i have no issues with quality rap and i like to party quite a bit . 
  seriously , some poeple take their antipathy towards hamilton way too far , i agree with that , but fanboys from his camp ( including you ) are usually about the same pain in the ass . 
  stop being such a baby . 
  i agree that it was n't his best drive ever because he had unnecessary collisions , but i do n't agree with your point about setup change . 
  is n't that kinda natural thing to do when you know you ca n't fight the race in clean air ( as rbr was used to back in these days ) ? 
  i just do n't see a setup change as something that should downgrade his efforts in that race . 
  rbr is running low downforce setups all the time now due to slow renault pu , does that mean that ricciardo and kvyat should get less credit for their efforts ?
