  guess he got her on being a f1 champion . 
  and then she got to know him ... 
  i 'm no expert , but i think he has to be faster . 
  do n't they drink milk in nascar ? 
  that would 've been fun change . 
  just socialist pricks being socialist pricks . 
  hamilton is the most visible and most successful in current time , and you know what these pricks hate most ... success . 
  `` classic kimi posts '' for next 6 months after ama happened . 
  there are certains levels of awesome which i can handle without crying . 
  this one was way beyond those levels . 
  thanks alot for that reupload . 
  probably best tilkedrome if you ask me . 
  he also had quite a big influence in saving skoda as a whole iirc . 
  some people here in czech republic say how you germans stole it from us , but that 's utter nonsense . 
  skoda was doing super bad after velvet revolution , because they were n't able to answer their international competitors ... and vw basically saved it from otherwise inevitable bankrupt , which would 've also been a huge historical loss for our country . 
  cars made by skoda after this acquisition were absolutely amazing for their prices ... mostly . 
  kudos to the guy , but hey ... if there is now chance to get vw into f1 ... i can get over it . 
  oh , here we go again ... it 's been a while . 
  funny thing is , that back then many people around me defended fernando in this matter , yet they called out red bull for cheating all the time 2 years later . 
  not just forza , that track is really fun in f1 games too , it 's just that it is n't as good irl . 
  i use expression `` tilkedrome '' for every track he designed . 
  and yes , he is n't that bad . 
  i would n't certainly call buddh a good track , but that 's just a matter of taste ... 
  anyways , i do n't think it 's just people hating on him and his design approach , it 's more like older tracks were more based on actual scenery around the track , while newer tracks usually have scenery heavily modified to have track fit in current standards . 
  you would n't get eau rouge if you flattened everything like they did in sochi . 
  damn , vettel opened drs when he was still in final part of that turn . 
  it kicked him a bit , but yeah ... free drs use in quali was fun . 
  not going to lie , i envy his car park . 
  i 'm not really a fan of p1 , but in that black/blue combo ... sexy . 
  or any other porsche really , nobody will notice . 
  holy crap that 's really good . 
  does anybody have a link to some driver explaining their training routine ? 
  i know they work out their neck and most of them ride a bicycle , but nothing more i could find . 
  that 's cool !, 
  thanks . 
  tried too hard . 
  should we tell him ? 
  because one bad gp is good metric of how entire sport does ... right ? 
  fair enough , but if i had to pick , i 'd go with current tires than older bridgestones ... which allowed for more straight out push , but did n't make racing more exciting . 
  if tires allowed them to be flat out all the time , hamilton would probably be winning by 30 + sec margin . 
  ... and it was the best racing he has shown for a long time . 
  good on him !, 
  he 's a true f1 legend . 
  spent his entire life in the sport and does n't stop loving it even in very elder age . 
  do n't . 
  please ... 
  from zero to one of the best mmorpg companies in the world . 
  big respect for that . 
  afaik bernie has no power in this matter . 
  very good game !, 
  chief editor gave me a tip for review , and while i usually just play the game , write a review and leave ... with this one ... still playing . 
  it could 've been even more complex , but as far as mobile game goes ... it 's great . 
  also ... got ta love that nigel mechanic with moustache . 
  it 's such an iconic thing now i ca n't even imagine current f1 dropping wings . 
  well , nobody really seems to mind jean todt . 
  well , it 's good to hear that he 's alive . 
  his sudden disappear was pretty ... ummm ... creepy ? 
  red bull still thinks they are number one in aero department . 
  that 's cute . 
  i do n't feel like ferrari is currently going for old-school no . 
  1 and no . 
  could be interesting inside team fight . 
  very well cut and shot . 
  well , let 's be honest there ... most midfielders are way more interesting drivers than he ever was during his f1 era . 
  he 's a nice guy and he also likes nightwish , so big thumbs up from me ... but yeah , i do n't really miss him in f1 . 
  it 's not very common to `` take a break '' in f1 though . 
  especially not deliberately . 
  no shit . 
  he left ferrari for that exact reason . 
  trackmania . 
  brahlonso is n't brah with sebrahs anyways . 
  brundle had perfect wtf look as mark approached them . 
  never seen that before , thanks for sharing . 
  this recent wec circlejerk has become annoying . 
  they are fast as crap - okay , good for them . 
  but in the end , there is a reason why i read f1 subreddit and not wec one . 
  as others have already said , it has already happened in the past , that other series were as fast as f1 is - and look where we are , it 's 30 + years since these days and f1 is still considered as top-tier motorsport league . 
  can we please get over it ? 
  f1 recently had quite brutal regulation change , there will be times when wec and their new self-declared ambassador webber gain back their respect for queen of motorsports . 
  and if they do n't ? 
  who cares , they are 5 + seconds slower anyways . 
  well , since we 're talking about it ... i prefer the bad way . 
  well , at least it affects health of my left mouse button . 
  staff thief could look interesting in my mind . 
  would n't probably go well with some `` too magical '' looking staves , but as some kind of martial-arts guy with more traditional looking staff ... i 'd play my nearly unused thief alt for that . 
  i have it next semester . 
  now i 'm scared . 
  elite : summon spiritual donkey . 
  by all means robert kubica . 
  damn it how much i loved that guy , at least he survived and lives well now , but f1 still lost great talent and personality . 
  gps was okay just like on stock . 
  and i use wifi tethering on daily basis and i 've never ran into any problems when i used cloudy . 
  there is no way to get stock camera experience to cyanogenmod . 
  it sucks and is basically the main reason why i stick with stock rom , but yeah ... tough luck . 
  flaw ? 
  just basic economics buddy . 
  i do n't get some rage-ish comments towards you . 
  it 's well written post about well played tp manipulation . 
  most market manipulators are very silent about their `` business '' , because they do n't want release their secrets - so thumbs up for being so open . 
  interesting read - although amount of effort is way too much considering i do n't really like economics .
