  a very close family member of mine lost her child during a birth and she was and still is super clean in her lifestyle . 
  you ca n't even remotely imagine how tough that is . 
  how old are you when you think that giving a birth is something easy ? 
  the fact that the child is there and healthy is always worthy of congratulations . 
  i ca n't stress this enough , fuck you . 
  that hrt - mclaren comparison . 
  so funny and sad at the same time . 
  2013 car , inb4 nobody can hear other cars cos v8 . 
  trading post was in the game since the very beginning . 
  joe 's talking about trading system between players without the use of tp . 
  look at trading system between players in wow for example what he means . 
  tp was improved over time though , and lfg definitely is more useful than it was at launch . 
   mr bean alias rowan atkinson, 
  umm ... 
  right . 
  how dare you to break anti-f1 circlejerk with some reasoning . 
  do n't you know how terrible the sport is and every other series is so perfect . 
  are you saying he is contractually made no . 
  really ? 
  i guess arenanet wants to have absolute control over game 's economy , which trading via tp kind of grants them . 
  wow , bottas is such a legend . 
  depends . 
  i for one have g2 since last year and i can still see myself using it next year and maybe even the year after without any issues . 
  camera is still good for today standards , same with battery . 
  i do n't necessarily need bigger screen nor faster cpu or more ram ad the phone runs just okay with everything i throw at it . 
  if you have more money , go for g3 which is a good deal too , but as a budget device g2 is fantastic . 
  just do n't expect much quality from custom roms , pretty much all power user usage stable roms are those based on stock . 
  at least that 's my experience with d802 . 
  people claim some rom stable and it always crashes to me , whilst cloudy are near perfect except imho uglier ui . 
  tldr : still a good device , but more money can give you better ... 
  if you have more money . 
  wonder what this means for bussiness model regarding income . 
  does it still go through nc management , or is distribution of money to invest now 100 % up to arenanet 's management ? 
  i 'm asking because ever since gw2 released , there were many speculations that ncsoft does n't invest big chunk of money from gw2 back into gw2 , and put quite a huge bit of it into wildstar instead . 
  and then , once wildstar failed , they probably decided to give arenanet full power to manage their income and how to re-invest it into development ? 
  if this is true ( with big emphasis on if ) , guild wars 2 might have much better content-deliver pace after hot drops , much faster and much better quality wise than ever before . 
  again though , this is pretty deep into the tinfoil hat territory . 
  he definitely ages well . 
  maybe his helmets during early racing career were too tight ? 
  not sure about pressures , but the tire camber/angle was set way beyond pirelli 's advised values . 
  too much television brah . 
  nah , he might leave lotus/renault , but there are definitely teams that will find his sponsor cash useful . 
  did they really promise him no . 
  1 status when he originally joined rbr ? 
  i feel like he got that status during 2010 , not the year before . 
  the thing with software development in general is that nothing usually goes well except the initial planning . 
  i would n't underestimate them so much . 
  spa was a power track too and they did okay . 
  they have shitloads of downforce from the chassis as a whole so they can strip their wings to somewhat compensate renaults . 
  expecting another paper-thin rearwing . 
  basis of arenanet 's technology . 
  we have no idea how do other games engines work , there might be a development from scratch needed . 
  or might not , purely speculation ofc . 
  but i alway prefer to be pesimistic . 
  i was optimistic once with my project , it did n't go well ( it did in the end , but i nearly did n't sleep few days before the deadline ) . 
  / u/kimiquokka 's favorite drink, 
  anybody who has been on an f1 race with some feeder series goodness - how do they work with pit garages ? 
  does for example art in gp2 use mclaren garage , or do they always clean these garages before the feeder series race in order to allow their teams to settle in ( seems unlikely given all the branding and stuff that is usually seen in these garages ) . 
  i 've been casually watching feeder series since 2011 or something and i never really thought about it until my dad came up with it , and i found it to be an interesting question . 
  are there more garages between f1 teams garages which are occupied by these feeder series teams ? 
  and one more thing that caught my eye during gp2 race in spa ( race , not sprint ) ... there were so many people in the pits all the time , at least it seemed that way to me . 
  are there no limits on this in gp2 ? 
  i know that pit crew is way smaller than in f1 , but come on . 
  i ca n't find that exact moment , but man there were lots of people ( no , it was n't during a red flag phase ) . 
  exactly this . 
  mmos need players to play over time , not farm like mad first weekend and then not login until next patch . 
  with the way original legendaries work it was impossible to farm them in a first week or so , or at least for most players ( is there a known record for world first legendary ? ) . 
  it was just too much grind , recipe finding , rng , etc. 
  if there is let 's say a 10 % drop chance of some important legendary armor component , you could really just farm it in a few days without the timegate . 
  it 's either this reset system , or go with classic precursor-level drop rate system , because companies need mmo players to keep playing all the time , not just farm first few days and then not login until next patch . 
  i 'd rather have that higher chance and weekly timegate than precursor level chance of drop which would ultimately mean that i get nothing after 3 years of playing ... again . 
  wish they put them into somewhat higher level zones . 
  this way vets get way too downscaled for a pre-expansion event and newbies will probably be overwhelmed by these creatures and zergs of vets running around . 
  i honestly think people are losing their shit for no reason . 
  i do n't like the rule either , but it 's not like you ca n't post any images anymore . 
  you just have to put in a little bit more effort . 
  which kind of leads to my own opinion and why i see this as kind of a useless change - all it does is making posting images ( and viewing them ) that little bit more annoying . 
  with that being said though , i know subs that have this rule and do just fine - but there are still shitposts . 
  no end of the world , as some people in the main thread suggest . 
  if mods feel like it could help , okay , let 's give it a shot , but i 'm definitely for keeping direct image links allowed and i hope that mods are open to reverting back to normal if it does n't provide any results . 
  good . 
  he definitely is good at what he does , seems a bit awkward in interviews , but that 's not his job . 
  his job is to come up with good car and he did contribute to ferrari 's current form quite a bit . 
  hopefuly improvements wo n't stop during transition to 2016 . 
  was there even any other decent choice on the market ? 
  i do n't really follow this topic so much . 
  if anything , it saves data . 
  now my reddit app downloads thumbnails automatically , with no direct links it will download on demand just when i click on it . 
  if you use web ui on the phone , you 're like 5 years behind . 
  op trying to sound meta-relevant . 
  tryhard much ? 
  make one if you feel like it 's needed . 
  and enjoy it 's emptiness . 
  i 'd refuse to drink it if it 's not good . 
  but definitely feel like trying it , so i guess campaign works on me , somewhat . 
   never won a race from below 3rd . 
  yeah , fuck the guy for being good at qualifying . 
   first champion ever to not win a race in a race winning car while defending a title . 
  yeah , he 's no god and was terrible last year . 
  but if this is your definition of average driver , i guess there is nothing to discuss .
