  lesson learnt , take your damn time when you can . 
  oddly enough my friends had exactly the opposite reaction . 
  they were all very surprised when i told them afterwards . 
  did you see 3d or 2d version ? 
  friend of mine told that it was way easier to notice some unnaturalness in 3d ( he saw both versions ) . 
  thanks , well this is n't the first time i failed exam on first try , it 's just that i was overly optimistic with that good streak i had . 
  i still have another try , i 'll rest for a day and then i 'll get back to it . 
  that ending though . 
  finally we see some of that `` thrawn seeing the bigger picture '' stuff actualy happening . 
   he and ezra stood up to vader twice ( and won the second time in malachor ), 
  are we watching the same show ? 
  first time he overpowered them and toyed with them , then let them run away . 
  on malachor they ran away because vader was kinda busy fighting his former apprentice . 
  inquisitors in rebels as well . 
  although that was a bit different sort of double bladed lightsaber . 
  pardon my language but he could have just said that without being a dick to two world champions whilst jerking off to his favorite , especially considering hamilton himself demanded blue flags over radio last season , but whatever , i guess i would n't mind this change in the end . 
  [ it 's actually based on mcquarries original concept for c3po . 
  ] ( http://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2014/01/04-droids_b.png ) but yeah , similarities are there . 
  huh . 
  i missed that as well and just assumed it 's not possible . 
  / facepalm, 
  yeah , but it also does n't mean that he 's the new senna . 
  some people just like their hyperboles too much . 
  `` new senna '' ! = very good driver, 
  `` not all time great '' ! = shit driver, 
  now that 's answer to number 1 i was n't expecting to see there . 
  good on you !, 
  also thin lightsabers are based on that . 
  that 's one thing i wish they would n't get inspired about though ... 
  it seemed familiar to me but i could n't think of any reference . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  it would n't be for me , but my brother loves survival games , it would sure be a cool gift . 
  but their engines do n't suck so hard anymore ( ? 
  europe and america are on the exact opposite side of earth which you posted lol . 
  shitposting got out of control so bad it even lured people from wtf1 here lol . 
  eh , it 's clearly stated in the movie ( seen it last night again so ... ) that fo stormtroopers are still trained and brainwashed from their early childhood days , so early in fact they ca n't even remember their parents . 
  this trooper in this scene being so erratic seems a bit out of place and does n't fit the narrative . 
  i really liked this part in novelisation , it ties well and at least partially explains why resistance is separated . 
  i 'm probably in the minority but i would like if they just continued with red-white theme . 
  / r/f1circlejerk is that way if you enjoy this type of shit . 
  i do as well , but it has no place in main sub . 
  woah , slow down there . 
  next kovalainen might be too harsh , but i would be surprised if he is matching hamilton at least on the same level as rosberg did . 
  you either die during offseason or live long enough to see yourself become a shitposter . 
  ** rule 12 : no political or religious posts **, 
  one may not like pascal , but he 's solid driver . 
  marcus wo n't have it easy by any means . 
  ya people are pulling out so many regular jokes . 
  here 's mine ... 
   q : what do you call two suns fighting each other ? 
   a : star wars, 
  ftl please !, 
  thanks for doing this op . 
  all good then . 
  i 'm just hoping that sauber can deliver some solid midfield results . 
  fingers crossed for / u/sauberf1team, 
  thanks , 
  how many titles are there in your collection ? 
  so who did bet some money on bwoahttas wdc ? 
  oooh this looks soo right on so many levels . 
  please be true . 
  and please , be fast . 
  haha , same . 
  `` sheesh , what is he doing , that 's one pointless penalty ... '' ... ... ... `` wait ... 
  `` brilliant . '', 
  i do this all the time on pre-2016 f1 codies games ( canada entry < 3 ) , but i never knew it 's also legal in real life . 
  that toro rosso ( was it max ? ), 
  also thought of pulling the same move afterwards , onboard from button shows how he looks inside and then backs off as it 's too close to the entry line . 
  i 'm not okay with this either , but what the hell , this year probably is n't `` the year '' , anybody but mercedes driver is fine by me lol . 
  i 've always been more of a battle of heroes guy , but yeah , duel of the fates is great as well . 
  this and let 's also not forget this is john williams ' star wars we 're talking about . 
  one of the highest benchmarks in entire industry when it comes to soundtrack music . 
  standing up to such standard is no easy task . 
  inbefore horner after first quali : `` mercedes and ferrari are close . '', 
  best platform to make one question his life and interest in f1 for sure . 
  ves divebombs ric , crashes both out of race . 
  bottas tries too hard on his first race for frontrunner team and bombs himself and hamilton out of the race . 
  ferrari double with alonso third . 
  \u0295 \u0361 \u00b0 \u00b3 \u0361 \u00b0 \u0294 \u0295 \u0361 \u00b0 \u00b3 \u0361 \u00b0 \u0294 \u0295 \u0361 \u00b0 \u00b3 \u0361 \u00b0 \u0294, 
  god i hope we wo n't have mercedes parade up until 2020 . 
  or perhaps i was wrong . 
  holy crap , that 's some amazing value . 
  bought it all . 
  this . 
  movie is very poor rescue mission of hutt baby . 
  series are amazing , especially past season 1 . 
  it originally was intended to do so , but it was cancelled before they could finish it ( disney deal happened ) . 
  they might finish the gap one day , but as of now no , there is no intention to do that . 
  story of tcw partially continues in rebels though . 
  just do n't skip straight to third season . 
  while the quality has some constant level from there on , even season 2 and part of season 1 has some interesting stuff to offer . 
  chronological order is probably the best way to go around it nowadays , but watching it in release order is fine as well . 
  kanan 's combat style changed so much . 
  this is some dooku level of stuff . 
  senate ? 
  anakin in tcw was anything but whiny . 
  that moment when they hit each other 's fists and clovis just screamed in pain because that was anakin 's metal arm ... get rekt . 
  jedi temple massacre , easily . 
  i doubt anything in star wars universe can get any darker than slaughtering kids , even if it 's just implied and not directly shown on screen . 
  but to be fair ( eh ) at least they keep on trying .
