  and how did that go ... 
  before i read your post , i genuinely thought of williams pushing for that third as well , but now that you say it , i can see your point . 
  benefits of mercedes pu are diminishing and williams is going to feel it big time , unless they remake their chassis for good . 
  so str/mclaren 4th/5th , williams set in 6th . 
  i ca n't argue with your points regarding force india , i believe they are pretty much set in that position . 
  and now 8th-11th , that 's the juicy party as well . 
  honestly i just have no idea . 
  sauber seems optimistic about their brand new chassis design that wo n't be just evolution of last years , so i 'll give them that 8th position . 
  beyond that it 's even harder to predict , for the sake of manor 's legacy i 'd love to see the making serious progress , but i am fairly pesimistic considering next to zero budget and no strong partnership besides that mercedes pu . 
  haas seems like one of the best prepared rookie teams of last few years , and they certainly have better driver lineup ( not sure about guti , but grosjean is league above both maldonado and palmer , so i guess he could drag that team by himself ) than renault ... but ... 
  i do n't know , would really renault do so bad over the entire season to lose against haas ? 
  i know they did n't do much development of 2016 car , their pu sucks as of now and they have shitty drivers ... oh well , nevermind , they are screwed . 
  ** tldr ** : mercedes , ferrari . 
  close between rbr , str and mclaren . 
  then probably williams , force india . 
  and not really sure , but guessing it will be sauber , renault , haas , manor . 
  but there is serious chance that renault actually might be second worst . 
  their actual team gear trucks are all red and white , why would they paint car in grey/black if they have trucks in very different color . 
  that was just generic car render . 
  if those sandals are blessed , probably yes . 
  wonder what that means for maldonado though . 
  if he really does n't have funding from government , i ca n't see any other team being interested in him anyways . 
  well yeah , if he had the money , i can see they would happily take him . 
  but if he does n't ... 
  somewhere back in 2012 i read ferrari had shirts made as well , and after they lost they gave them all to third world countries as clothing donation . 
  i am not 100 % sure if that was a joke or serious thing , but i chuckle whilst trying to imagine some kid in third world country without any f1 knowledge running around with `` alonso 2012 champion '' shirt . 
  this is the last place i 'd say is sugar coating every mistake he makes . 
  quite the opposite if you ask me . 
  [ 22 million ] ( http://www.crash.net/f1/news/207581/1/f1-2014-driver-salaries-published-but-who-earns-most.html ) and the year before it was [ 12 million ] ( http://www.crash.net/f1/news/191002/1/f1-2013-driver-salaries-published-but-who-earns-most.html ) . 
  it was discussed some time ago and it appears red bull prefers to give their drivers super big performance bonuses rather than flat high salary ( those lists usually consist of flat salaries only ) . 
  vettel was an exception , but that was after his wdcs . 
  dude i kind of think that vettel flair suited you more . 
  for a second i thought that she said she is ren and my mind went crazy . 
  then i calmed down and realized ... ( yep , i know , it would make no sense ) . 
  and even then she survived deflected blaster in her head . 
  really great episode , but one thing bothered me maybe way too much . 
  damn it fenn , he was standing on your ship , why not just do a simple flip and lose him ... oh yeah , plot armor , i know . 
  but you know , if they really do n't want to kill off any major characters ( yet ) , instead of me going crazy about all these `` but they should have died '' moments , they could just script it so that they do n't even get into these situations . 
  even though this was probably the best episode of entire series , this thing has been bugging me since the very beginning and it only gets worse over time . 
  okay , you want to make empire look powerful yet kinda stupid , i take it . 
  but then you do the same with mandalorians . 
  * sighs *, 
  speak for yourself . 
  thanks . 
  not gon na happen . 
  movies are meant to be watchable even for your casual viewers who do n't watch and ready every single piece of non-movie canon . 
  dc is pretty wild party animal when he 's not wearing that `` classy & professional bbc journalist mask '' . 
  of course he wants that , you people should n't act like that is a bad thing . 
  on the other side , i doubt renault cares that much about them anymore ... 
  sometimes , when i really have nothing better to do , yeah . 
  i would probably like all those bigger f1 gaming names if they were n't all into those stupid circlejerky jokes and constant bitching towards codemasters , even though the only thing they really do is playing their games . 
  it grinds my gears even more if codemasters are not at fault - like when the guy blindly rams with his sidepod into somebody 's tyre and then screams how buggy the game is because he * obviously * lost control due to glitch . 
  dude it 's still almost a year away and i just refreshed after all that tfa hype . 
  why you do this to me ... 
  * sighs * small rant incoming ... 
  i for one wo n't really miss him and i think his sacking is long overdue , but what i sort of do n't like is the way this `` farewell '' is being handled . 
  i mean come on , almost everybody is celebrating because dude lost a job of his dreams . 
  and people laugh at him because of that . 
  he probably is n't reading all the headlines and such , but i really think we as human beings could act a little bit better , there is no need to keep adding more salt into his wounds with headlines such as `` f1 faces farewell to crashtor '' , at least not on serious websites . 
  there are many things wrong with prequels , this is n't one of them . 
  but i guess it 's kinda cool to stuff up your edgy anti-prequels agenda whenever it 's possible . 
  i think bioware sort of `` trapped '' themselves with swtor , similarly to what happened in blizzard when they launched world of warcraft . 
  no more singleplayer games , we develop the story in our mmo through expansions ... :-(, 
  i want me some warcraft 4 and kotor 3 damn it !, 
  what was worse for me was that constant mmo stuff everywhere . 
  i like mmos , but when it came to star wars game by bioware , i wanted to play some serious story content , not grind mobs in order to fullfil quest conditions and then move on to some short conversation dialog . 
  the story is there , but it 's deployment is nowhere near how it used to be in kotor games . 
  it 's simply an mmo , and mmos are n't that great at storytelling . 
  and as for raw mmo gameplay , i think there are better option on the market as well . 
  or just use the same approach lucasarts did before : hire other good studios , or offer them licencing for reasonable amount of money . 
  not like disney , who pretty much seems to have thought `` yeah screw that , games are too much of a hassle , let 's sell it to one company that will handle it for us . '', 
  or maybe it was ea who came to disney hq with big suitcase full of cash and some high level manager at disney could n't resist ( figuratively speaking ) . 
  they gave ea monopoly on star wars games for 10 years , it does n't even matter that it 's ea , having monopoly on this brand would n't encourage any big corporation to make quality products when they know it 's the only option star wars fans have . 
  / r/wtf, 
  what exactly was maldonado 's character ? 
  other than being well known for terminating his and other drivers cars , he was about as characteristic as will stevens is . 
  also , f1 has strong characters anyways , who says otherwise is just wrong . 
  hamilton - swaggy superstar kind of dude with nearly perfect driving skillset . 
  vettel - goofy almost always joking kind od dude with great driving skillset . 
  ricciardo - dude so cool and cheerful he could make you feel happy after leaving funeral . 
  alonso - man with great ( somewhat tragical ) story behind his career , one of the best drivers ever and also a great politician . 
  massa - the man who was a champion for a few seconds with neverending passion for the sport and his fans ( seriously , all that bashing on his heart and such during brazil races ... and i 'm not even his fan ) . 
  raikkonen - hate him or love him , there is something unique and special about his personality/image . 
  button - sexiest driver of all time with great story about how he almost lost a seat in f1 and ended up winning the championship instead . 
  grosjean - nice guy who had some serious psychological issues after struggling in the sport , but he admitted that to himself , got himself a therapy , got over it and became much better driver and in my eyes , due to admitting his mistakes ( unlike certain maldonado ) , a better man . 
  i respect him so much just because of that . 
  verstappen - cheeky , cocky , yet very intelligent teenager - look at his comments regarding ham vs. ros in brazil , he was the one breaking the `` verstappen can overtake , hamilton ca n't '' circlejerk . 
  he also has great potential and is n't afraid to shoot against way more experienced gunners . 
  i could go on , though admittedly rest is n't as colorful as this bunch . 
  we have some great stories and personalities in there , and arguably maldonado could have been one of them back in 2012 , but his recent driving proves otherwise . 
  damn this turned out to be a much longer post than i intended . 
  to be honest the lingual dynamic required to provide you with proper response that would match level of lingual dynamics of the greatest mind in f1 of all time , is very likely above the level threshold of what my non-native english skill is capable of providing . 
  though to answer your question anyways , i believe the target is fairly set and we can only get closer to it as of now . 
  the package is very complete , it really just lacks that final spark , which is expected to be provided by our powerful partner honda by the time first official car testing comes . 
  after that final spark is delivered , mclaren is going to win and only win , it is not acceptable to have expectations set any lower than that . 
  i wonder how would this sub react if kmag crashed in every race . 
  just for science . 
  considering webber 's performances and stupidly bad luck with the car in 2013 , alonso could have been 5x champion in that case . 
  he still came second to vettel that year . 
  2011 would likely be button 's , but chances for alonso would certainly expand as well .
