  let 's make it permanent with tokens , armors , weapons & stuff ... with fun encounters , interesting mechanics and if possible , do both casual & hardcore version . 
  and drop path system and make one long dungeon instead , because paths are so easy to `` exploit '' so that people farm only shortest ones . 
  anet pls . 
   monaco does . 
  singapore does . 
  there are crashes . 
  just because there are crashes does n't mean that these tracks are good . 
  monaco is classic , but that 's all , it 's boring track which promotes zero overtaking . 
  same applies to singapore minus the classic . 
  maybe they should have asked drivers instead of teams . 
  i do n't understand anything , but considering his facial expression ... he definitely was serious about it . 
  nice way to provoke feminists anyways . 
  i would go with daniel too , he really surprised me with his performance , which is absolutely pure driving without any major mistakes . 
  that 's huge difference between him and sebastian imo , because seb made lots of mistakes back in the days . 
  there are more drivers i like , but daniel is my # 1 at this moment . 
  and he 's also very likable guy ... i mean , who does n't like guy who smiles all the time ? 
  i used to be a mclaren fan for years ... i am not anymore because of this type of shit . 
  they made crappy car last year and were surprised that sergio could n't win a shit in that , so they kicked him out . 
  this year they made pretty much same car speaking of performance and yet instead of admitting it they throw shit on another driver of theirs . 
  shame on you mclaren ... heck i am not even jenson 's fan , but this is ridiculous . 
  thumbs up for jenson for having guts to say that . 
  just chill , it 's your birthday week anyways , seb . 
  well ... gw2 way would still be alot faster , but yeah . 
  it was cool in the beginning , but after hundreds of hours spent in azeroth , it became more annoying than cool . 
  but it basically promoted taking breaks from the game , which is kinda nice too , sometimes . 
  looking on results it seems like gw2 is pretty normal mmorpg in terms of primary focus - most players do pve , sometimes join wvw/pvp . 
  that 's my case too . 
  to be fair , there is also fair amount of people who claim wow to be dead . 
  but you 're right . 
  bottas , by all means . 
  it was top class driving shown by both vettel and alonso . 
  i just have mixed feelings about their crying into radio ... and i am personally very frustrated that most people give a hard time about it just to vettel , even though both of them were shouting stuff into radio almost all the time . 
  but again - top class driving and battle . 
  you pay for it -  you are their customer -  you can complain . 
  that 's how it works . 
  i expect downvotes , but i still want to say it ... will buxton is biased as hell , he 's well known for his fanboy-level opinions . 
  i know he 's a guy who knows alot about this sport , but i ca n't take seriously somebody who is bashing one driver and then praising another one for doing the same thing . 
  he is great fan and blogger , but no way near to being unbiased professional journalist . 
  all aboard the vettel hate train again !, 
  but seriously - it 's a team radio , if people are so stupid that they do n't get that it 's meant for their teams and not as message for spectators , it better should be removed from tv broadcasts . 
  i would expect lauda to know what 's the purpose of team radio . 
  let 's just pretend we all are ice-cold when we are pumped with adrenaline and under big pressure , right ? 
  i just hate this stuff , i finally thought that we ( vettel fans ) are able to take a rest from all that sh * t being thrown at us , but seems like the trend is still there . 
  i do n't think it 's like they should pump loads of money into marketing and advertising ... just doing somewhat more epic trailers with feature/content describing would be good enough . 
  just like wow does it with their trailers , for example in this one ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2ivdjy3ctq ) ... some kind of `` in-game cgi '' with simple text explaining what 's coming - `` new zone : dry tops '' , `` new crafting materials '' , `` introducing story journal '' , and so on ... 
  i stopped playing wow a while ago , but i still watch their youtube channel , because blizzard really knows how to do videos & update/expansion announcements . 
  thanks for another good build , i 've personally never been into doing math and calculating the most optimal stuff in rpg games , so this is huge help for me . 
  rytlock ... just because he is the biggest badass of de . 
  but caithe & zojja are honorable mentions . 
  eir does n't really appeal to me and logan ... eh . 
  oh gosh ... times are changing . 
  while i love spa & monza , i ca n't really give them my vote in this ... brazil gp is the most interesting race from my point of view . 
  looks awesome , this type of stuff makes me even more hyped for upcoming updates . 
  wow , very good points . 
  i ca n't even picture braham fighthing against eir ... a son working on killing his mother , that 's way too much for arenanet imo . 
  but it would be interesting . 
  wsad - movement, 
  base weapon skills : 1-5, 
  utilities : q-e-r-f, 
  heal : ;, 
  aoe loot : left alt, 
  class-specific ( attunements etc. 
  ) : f1-f4, 
  interact : left shift, 
  jump : spacebar, 
  dodge : v, 
  i also have healing & burst ( mostly playing as warrior ) on my mouse 4-5 buttons . 
  it 's probably not most optimal stuff , but i am used to it . 
  so ... everybody has to be on same level no matter if they spent 10 hours or 1000 hours in the game ? 
   that does n't sound fair to me . 
  why not give rewards to players with dedication ? 
  heck there already is fairly low amount of stuff to go for if you are level 80 . 
  monza , right ? 
  good stuff . 
  well ... 
  i do n't know man ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm7v0aoqjgm it seems like pretty much same thing to me . 
  well ... we still have double points in abu dhabi ... oh god . 
  okay , i am probably the only one here , but still ... 
  i kind of like it . 
  not the whole set , but some parts are cool - i really enjoy those shoulders and that skirt . 
  many players struggle to read lfg descriptions , for some reason ... do n't take it personally . 
  good for you , i was playing wow back in the first guild wars days ... too bad i never really got into it until gw2 . 
  armor & weapon strength + general difficulty going up . 
  i can imagine that - you just have to get good enough armor in one zone until you can at least survive in another zone . 
  question is , if people would like it more than classic leveling system ... probably not , but hey , cool concept imo . 
  i did n't even realize it until now ... well , it 's details what makes good product in the end . 
  amazing job guys , thanks for it . 
  this is very interesting , i love how arenanet pays attention to details ( and players too ) . 
  with gold ? 
  if you want to ... yes . 
  with real money ? 
  no way , do n't make the same mistake i did ... trust me . 
  amazing stuff , they really deserved place in formula 1 . 
  maybe we are watching two future f1 champions ... :-), 
  and now picture that he has to do this every single race and ( almost ) every single corner ... must be tough . 
  fernando just proves he 's a great driver . 
  good old tobacco advertisting ( i do n't smoke , but still ) ... neat stuff . 
  i would honestly prefer long grind with actual progres rather than just hoping for lucky drop ( waiting since launch ... became a bit annoying , you know ) . 
  even if i would have to farm 20 000 tokens in each dungeon to get precursor , i would like it much more than current system . 
  that 's just me tho , so do n't bash me .
