  this reminds me of 2012 , when there were people speculating whether maldonado has a chance of going for the wdc after his win in spain . 
  i 'm sorry , but if anything , your video proves otherwise . 
  was there any conflict or any sort of `` on the edge '' situation at all ? 
  all i imagine inner paddock being like is everybody being 100 % cool , no rage and stuff ... was the entire security job here about checking people 's passes , or did you have to calm somebody down using your muscles ? 
  also ... if there was let 's say lewis hamilton going in without a passcard ... would you let him ? 
  i 'm asking because it already happened on some gp and he got through ( though he was wearing full racing overall including helmet ) . 
  very cool . 
  thanks for this ama ( a ) . 
  my dad thinks so , but i do n't agree with him ... i think he 's way too hungry and demanding for at least one more f1 championship , even if it means waiting a long time . 
   ferrari/red bull focused on developing one car to maximise their potential , mercedes split it down the middle , giving both drivers equal car throughout . 
  look ... i do n't deny that rbr was dominant , but what is your point there ? 
  are you saying that webber/barrichello got inferior cars ? 
   redbull sabotaging mark webber, 
  and in 2014 they sabotaged vettel , right ? 
  some people just do n't give up ... 
  afaik vettel nor alonso would make it into f1 either if those regulations were in place by the time they entered the sport . 
  most drivers are n't . 
  they said it on austria 's driver 's conference , that points should be reconsidered . 
  wow , that 's some serious amount of salt . 
  i never knew about this , always thought they wanted ros/schu team as they were rising under revived german branding . 
  i love new la for all these puns and nods towards past and ( possibly ? ), 
  future events . 
  arenanet have outdone themselves with this redesign . 
  posted by lotus . 
  ferrari using mercedes pu confirmed . 
  competition for third in wcc will be tight . 
  i 'd still put my money on williams though . 
  he also added [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/gianlu_dale/status/613954161177137152 ) . 
  cheeky . 
  just a regular car for trips to shopping center & stuff . 
  the final battle in abu dhabi would n't ever happen if it was n't for red bull 's not-so-good reliability and their driver 's hiccups . 
  it was a great season with amazing drama until the very end , but i would n't call it the best ever . 
  i thought that it 's impossible to create anything more cringy than his original f1 2014 box video . 
  he has outdone himself , that 's for sure ... 
  the bug itself could make a good video . 
  but your editing pushed it into new dimensions . 
  wtf, 
  lotus was pretty butthurt when he left them . 
  so yes . 
   he 's so cute . 
  huh . 
  i ca n't find it , but his words before these donuts on the radio were very touching . 
  something along the lines of `` moments like this will not stay forever , let 's enjoy them while we have them . 
  i love you . '', 
  it 's even better now considering how red bull does ... 
  * casually bangs his head on side *, 
  people called me in many ways since i 've been on the internet . 
  but felipe fanboy ... yay , that 's probably the last thing i 'd expect . 
  i 'll add it to my collection . 
   i heard they are n't even putting a wing on for this year . 
  that 's mclaren mate . 
  read the article ? 
   daniel ricciardo was not one of the drivers to contact him , `` perhaps he does not have my number , '' he said . 
  lol . 
  seems like daniel does n't have a performance clause in his contract then . 
  did anybody doubt this ? 
  huh , i wanted to buy a box so i can put it on my bookshelf . 
  but in this case ... well , okay , i 'll go with digital version then . 
  fair enough , but still that 's not a small condition . 
  it might be shortsighted by me , but i think ferrari has better chance of catching up with mercedes . 
  as it stands now , renault is stuck in permanent catching up game , unless there really is some sort of equalization , or they make absolutely mental performance leap . 
  oh god , yeah ... i 'm an idiot haha . 
  reverse spa . 
  my heart-rate goes up just thinking about that . 
  why do n't we all just chill the fuck out for a moment and enjoy good comedy this video provides ? 
  seriously , shake it off . 
  haha , dick-ish legacy of piquet family continues at it 's best . 
  screw gokarting . 
  this is the real shit . 
  sadly for sainz , no matter how good he might be , the crazy hype train red bull has prepaired for max has already left the station . 
  some fine orrian weed , huh ? 
  two bearded guys and unicorns being engaged might seem strange , that 's for sure . 
  but , well ... i know some gays and none of them wears beard , and none of them cares about unicorns . 
  hopefully you never fap to lesbian porn , because that would 've been pretty hypocritical . 
  i 'm straight btw , so do n't throw your conservative close-minded bullshit at me . 
  why did n't they go to classic circuits in first place ? 
  did n't have the money to negotiate such thing ? 
  or did they think that city circuits might attract people more - especially some casual fans , who do n't want to go to `` aa quality '' circuit ? 
  hopefully they will get some good circuits in future , right now it seems like fe 's biggest weakness imho . 
  super adventure box workout routine does magic to you . 
  removal of german gp pissed me off alot , even more when they put blame on vettel . 
  but after all , i can deal with it . 
  but this is different . 
  i 'm not going to be that guy saying `` if f1 leaves monza , i leave f1 . 
  '' ... but damn i would be so fucking pissed at bernie and his stupid rich ass . 
  hopefully they sort it out and show bernie that they do n't like the way he disrespectfully fucks with legendary tracks . 
  i like fe , but this is bullshit . 
  screw \\ #blessed jokes . 
  \\ #blackdontcrack is the new shit !, 
  i really like 2015 lewis . 
  who would 've guessed last year , huh . 
  not-so-manly tears are going into my eyes whenver kubica is mentioned . 
  i really miss robert . 
  not just because he was an amazing driver with some serious championship potential , he was also one of the most down to earth guys i 've ever seen in f1 . 
  he 's one of the very few f1 drivers i would really love to grab a beer with . 
  still glad he 's alive and rallying though , that game-changing crash was awful . 
  [ hockenheim blamed him ] ( http://www.motorsport.com/f1/news/vettel-blamed-for-turning-off-hockenheim-crowd ) for turning off the crowd because he was n't positive about v6 engines . 
  i also read something among the lines of his dominance and post-multi21 popularity was the reason . 
  ca n't find any source now though . 
  [ and bernie 's recent comments ] ( http://www.motorsport.com/f1/news/ecclestone-rosberg-and-vettel-not-good-for-business/ ) on vettel and rosberg - claims that rosberg and vettel caused popularity drop of f1 in germany .
