  i think he 's somewhat realistic about 2015 , but if success does n't come as years go by ... love wo n't be enough . 
  too bad all those people are very busy playing a dead game to care . 
  this, 
  much, 
  seriously , when i found out about that ( back in december 2014 , playing since beta ) ... mind = blown . 
  this is such a great convenience i wanted to dance with my computer just to show some appreciation how great it is ... oh . 
  it really depends on personal taste , but honestly ... 
  i felt more at home in wow , and that 's just because of one thing - waypoints . 
  yes , they are great convenience and i can definitely see their pros , but in the end , they are somewhat immersion breaking for me . 
  there is not many people in gw2 who would agree with me , but that 's the way i see it - if waypoints ... well , ok , but have them just near zone-entering portal , no 10 + per map . 
  i really got ta say i like how arenanet calmed down and does n't spread too many waypoints around silverwastes ... and i hope this trend remains . 
  holy crap , i would so love that ... anybody got an idea , please ? 
  vanilla ui + lg optimisation + lg camera and i am happiest g2 user ever . 
  i actually like this design approach , i just wish it is n't the dominant one , so everybody finds what suits their likes . 
  t6 also dropped lately because of laurel gains from loyalty chests , i guess . 
  just use lfg , but search for those who have between 0 % to 50 % completion advertised if you want to do some events before going for vinewrath boss . 
  what you seem to be joining is 90 % + maps , which means they are very close to an end . 
  mordremancer as a new class for hot ? 
  kimi has 458 too i think , it was in fernando 's `` last weekend with ferrari '' documentary . 
  slight ot : it 's the same thing when people do n't join the classic senna circlejerk and say that even he was n't 100 % godlike perfect . 
  that even escalated after senna movie , which absolutely followed that pattern to make prost look like total asshole , while ayrton was pictured as the poor kid trying hard to do his best to beat dark lord from france . 
  it was good movie , but heavily biased , absolutely aimed towards audience with bad memory or no deeper knowledge about that era . 
  edit : to clarify , both prost and senna are amongst my top 5 drivers of all time ( those i 've seen ) , i have deep respect for them both and i always enjoy returning to replays of their era , but it 's fair to admit neither was saint , they had their downsides and shady moments too . 
  ... so they can easily crush them and bomb them once they are fully under control of mordremoth . 
  all at once . 
  gw2 combat takes little skill ? 
  gw2 is probably one of the most skill-based mmo games in terms of combat mechanics . 
  dude i can get best gear , optimal build from some well known wvw guy from youtube , and i would still get crushed ... because i have no real experience ( = skill ) with wvw combat . 
  for comparison in wow i could somewhat easily own most newbies in battlegrounds if i already had my gear farmed up ( atleast in wotlk , did n't play much since then ) . 
  not sure if troll ... anyways , 5 % boost is far from being p2w , i literally do n't see any difference when i use one of these boosters ... i actually consider most of them to be trash loot from black lion chests . 
  well ... good for him , but i doubt that it 's fair to compare his and schumi 's scenarios . 
  lewis went in with knowledge that they are heavily focusing on new rules and cars in 2014 , while schumi went into ferrari and seriously contributed during overall rebuilding of the team - legendary dominant era did n't come immediately . 
  i 'm not sure if it was posted on this sub ( was n't around back then ) , but i 've seen an online petition for vettel to leave championship , because `` he makes f1 boring and destroys spirit of the sport '' . 
  it got signed by some 10-20 anonymous . 
  damn , it 's been two years already ... people can say whatever they want , but fact is living story really improved since then . 
  in terms of watching or simracing ? 
  in terms of watching i do n't really care tbh . 
  in terms of simracing - there are many corners or even entire sections i love , but there are three big exceptions i aboslutely and totally hate :, 
  china gp : turn 1 and 12/13 combo, 
  indian gp : 10/11 combo, 
  yep , they are very similar , and i hate them both very deeply . 
  interesting , i have had some connection issues yesterday , but no problem at all today . 
  xda homepage and main forum page loaded just fine , but nothing else . 
  ... and bio `` i love sebastian more than i love icecream '' - pun towards kimi ? 
  world of warcraft world ... because of strong lore-based foundation from warcraft games before . 
  yeah , right ... what this mmo needs is even more soloable content than we have now . 
  i do n't want to be rude or something , but i 'm sorry op , but i have to disagree . 
  you can always use lfg and advertise full-story mode party with cutscenes and stuff . 
  i did it too and no problem at all . 
  take a good camera with you , please . 
  some people need to chill the fuck out , it 's ( probably not so obviously as i 've expected ) a joke post , not some criticism of his fashion taste . 
  i like that . 
  unlike some noses last year , this does n't make me feel ashamed . 
  my dad is watching for as long as i can even remember ... and from time to time i joined him ... until it really grew upon me and it became passion of my own . 
  also , simracing on pc helped . 
  looks like red red bull ... still hot , if it 's real , i 'm satisfied in terms of aesthetics . 
  wtf . 
  that 's actually fairly trustworthy . 
  i do n't know , flame sword under water ? 
  not gon na work probably . 
  we need bob to come and help . 
  williams should reply with `` still better than e22 . '', 
  low downforce setup . 
  i remember he said somewhere he 's not much of a drinker , but i guess when he drinks , it 's pretty damn worth it . 
  speaking of exaggeration - there is no subscribtion , but that does n't mean they do it for free , there are lots of people who pay for gems . 
  lack of content does n't mean no content at all . 
  we all like this game , but chill your fanboyism down a bit man . 
  oh , i hope you 're right . 
  i just hope . 
  i would n't get my hopes too high for new profession either , i think it 's more likely we 'll see new weapon skills , or just weapon combos for every class . 
  although i would love to see new heavy class - especially if they could tie it with the lore somehow , i just joked on / r/guildwars2 about `` mordremancer '' , but the more i think about it the more i get excited about that idea , even though it 's not very likely imo . 
  i think we 'll get some kind of leveling - we wo n't get entirely new level cap , but some sense of progression in pve - i 've said that since launch , that it would 've been nice to make people do lower dungeons first in order to unlock harder ones , so some kind of that would be great for me - just for the sake of feeling some progression ( sandbox is cool , but still ... ) . 
  other than that , i do n't really guess what to expect - i would love tons of new zones , because i love mmo exploring , tons of new dungeons ( raids ?!, 
  ) , and possibly even mounts . 
  i know they are rather pointless in gw2 , but think about it - they would give let 's say classic swiftness level boost so we do n't have to spam swiftness skills all the time like we do , and they would also provide great gem store possibilities for arenanet in terms of cosmetics - basically a new skinnable part of `` utility gear '' . 
  want that cool glowing unicorn ? 
  800 gems please . 
  win/win for each side - they do n't have to gate these behind some level cap or anything . 
  still , mounts are more likely just my dream ( i am former wow player , so i have a thing for mounts ) . 
  new playable race would 've been nice , but it 's not something i really need for improving `` endgame '' gameplay - i 'm not very interested into running a new alt just for the sake of having new race ( if it 's not coming with new class ofc . ) . 
  ps : capes , capes , capes ... anet pls . 
  sounds like he was trying to do the same kind of training susie posts almost daily on her instagram . 
  pastor is well known for bringing cash , but romain ? 
  never heard about that . 
  i 'm going to kill somebody if my internet connection crashes that day . 
  edit : btw , i lost my internet connection for 5 kittening days during the launch week ... yeah ... 
  so it 's not accurate ... we know for sure you 're a white guy and you have hair and glasses . 
  hmm ... let 's change the stuff that does n't fit then - you 're white bodybuilder with dark hair ( more universal than `` brown '' ) with glasses , who likes potatoes and lives in the uk . 
  since most bodybuilders are bald , that should n't be very hard to find you . 
  also most bodybuilders prefer rice over potatoes ... finding you should be ez . 
  i should probably stop right there . 
  oh come on , we all know wp is scarlet johanson . 
  possibly some of the startup parameters ( maploadinfo etc. 
  yep , kormir , but with flame sword , badass voice , strong character and kickass armor . 
  he 's going to become god of badass in the end of hot storyline . 
  oh , okay - thanks for your answers , not gon na search for that then , i was just wondering whether there 's an official way to have this . 
  you mean that overlay for wvw etc. ? 
  that reads it from mumble api in the game or something afaik , no actual memory reading , just stuff that game provides . 
  i hope they are not pr-overestimating that ... and that arenanet builds dx12 support as soon as possible . 
  they still have their own after-party ... could n't something be there ?
