  if there is one thing 21st century needs ... it 's more mustaches . 
  maybe it 's an inside joke . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  telemetry proved rosberg 's innocence . 
  it could have been just perfectly executed trick , but only rosberg knows that at this point . 
  i 'd say it was his universal go-to strategy when all `` fair '' approaches failed . 
  he went for victory at nearly all costs . 
  i think it generally takes nothing off his legend and i still think he 's the goat , but it 's also very fair and in fact necessary to remember that by no means he was a clean gentleman driver . 
  i imagine he 'd get next level kind of shit on internet these days . 
  ya people think verstappen fanwar or rossi/marquez drama was bad ? 
  some of schumacher 's shit would burn all social media down . 
  chill , it 's not like google had much control over market to samsung anyways . 
  it would also throw away her chance on some internet fame and attention . 
  something most hardcore sjws would take anytime over actually solving anything . 
   only thing i see it doing is maybe assisting in the waterproofing, 
  given that android manufacturers can make waterproof phones with jack connectors , i am pretty sure apple could too . 
  rofl i really just love when people pull out that comparison you did in last sentence . 
  nobody freaking used cd/dvd , firewire or floppy at the time of their removal . 
  30-pin connector was just a standard change and very welcome as it had it 's issues . 
  flash also sucked and was slowly being replaced by html5 . 
  3.5 mm jack has no issues , is a working standard everywhere and is still being used everywhere . 
   this is a long-game play to enhance the user experience in ways the competition will not be able to until they also remove the headphone jack, 
  if apple actually cared about any of this stuff they would go for usb-c as that is surely going to be a standard across all devices , may it be a windows laptop , macbook or every phone besides ... well ... iphone . 
  and at this point another switch between connectors would be even worse - imagine people buy some expensive lightning headphones and then apple switches to usb-c . oh , well ... now that i think of it , they are actually able to do it ... and people like you would n't complain at all even then i guess . 
  good for you if you do n't mind it , but do n't try to paint it like apple tries to make the world a better place with this change . 
  hah , that 's a very interesting spin . 
  never really realized that until now . 
  well in that case ricciardo should have some good cards on his side as well , it should be in marko 's interest to make it seem like that guy who went through his entire `` processing '' made it to the absolute top ... 
   nicole the tiger, 
  i can see sun or daily mail already writing some weird stories about this . 
  yes . 
  [ perfect . 
  ] ( https://gfycat.com/largefearfulelephantseal ), 
  polar bear while we 're at it . 
   and wired headphones to improve . 
  what ? 
  how is that going to improve wired headphones ? 
  and do n't start on how lightning improves quality any significantly . 
  there 's a limit what a phone can put out when it comes to sound and jack based sound was already pushing that . 
  to add to that , lightning is proprietary digital connector , they did n't even bother to go for something standardised . 
  god damn some people will just eat everything apple puts in front of them . 
   marijuana or metal music, 
  and now i 'm imagining vader blazing it and listening to some iron maiden while sitting in his meditation chamber . 
  aaah , you got it mate . 
  that 's why it takes so long hehe . 
   and 64gb of storage is less than ideal, 
  that 's quite an understatement . 
  genuinely interested ... how do you manage to use that ? 
  hopefuly 256 becomes the base storage from now on ... if rmb is something to judge by . 
  this seems like a bad idea unless you are 100 % reliant just on stock mac software ( lucky you if that 's the case ) . 
  * innovation intensifies . 
  2018 it is then !, 
  mclaren to the rescue . 
  these facts hold next to zero relevance to verstappen being better driver than ricciardo . 
  i like pizza more than burger . 
  that 's a fact as well . 
  therefore ferrari wins the championship . 
  well two of these `` early juniors '' were red bull boys . 
  red bull sure loves their `` youngest ever '' drivers . 
  i think that 's worth mentioning . 
  on the other hand we have vandoorne who went through entire junior racing process and even then needed to wait another year to get a seat . 
  gasly will have full junior progress done as well . 
  so will giovinazzi . 
  and button not being interested in williams forces them to look elsewhere . 
  stroll has talent and money ( right ? 
  ) , therefore he should be viable option for them . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't think it 's exactly a new trend at least for now . 
  just a few odd occurences . 
  simracing certainly has some effect on this , at the very least they seem to have enough speed even with less junior experience . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does . 
  it depends on how it would be executed . 
  in s1 it was clearly shown that ezra likes her , but she did n't really return any of it . 
  i for one do n't really like or dislike this current family theme , i find it just ... standard , i am indifferent about it . 
  if they can execute their potential relationship well without just copy/pasting anakin 's tale then i 'm fine with it . 
  thing is ... we 've already had this story where jedi fell because he wanted to save his girl . 
  and as it stands now , it does n't look like ezra is the obi-wan kind of guy who can just contain himself when it comes to feelings . 
  the theme going around saving all his friends instead is just slightly different , but it still is different . 
  at least it does n't punch you into face as much . 
  but i would n't mind it per se , it just depends on how well they could execute it ... and every way possible that comes out of my mind is clich\u00e9 as hell . 
  do n't go for clich\u00e9s . 
  i have all my faith in based filoni , if he has some plan for them , he will do it well . 
  driven is `` action racing '' movie that has no relations to real racing with stallone . 
  i think you meant rush mate . 
  everything else was already answered to here 's just my bit - in f1 there are big differences between team as f1 is just as much of a constructors championship as it is about fastest drivers fighting for everlasting fame . 
  that leads to races where not that much is actually happening on the track as not even the best drivers can do much with performance gap to the car in front , however do n't discourage yourself from watching . 
  next year there are going to be way faster cars , with way better looks and since the car development starting point will be reset again , there might even be solid competition in front . 
  right now it 's a solid battle between two leading mercedes drivers , then tight battle between red bull and ferrari , and then somewhat tight battle of the rest . 
  nobody knows how is 2017 going to pan out , which is the best part about it . 
  first races of this season were very solid amount of fun in general , so rewatch them if you can . 
  once you are caught up on this season my personal tip is go watch 2008 , 2010 and 2012 from the recent times . 
  some other stand out races ( from seasons not listed above ) include hungary 2015 , russia 2015 , usa 2015 , bahrain 2014 , hungary 2014 , canada 2011 ( by many considered as one of the best races of all time ) ... there are more , but these are the more recent . 
  oh and make up your own opinions first , make your own favorite team or driver . 
  do n't base it on somebody shouting at you who 's the best here or anywhere else . 
  enjoy f1 !, 
  / r/conspiracy - internet 's best physicists and scientists who all know the best about it . 
  ya guys better get on building spaceships or something if you know all that stuff so well . 
  you 're not doing verstappen or his normal fans any favors there . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  i 'm very interested in him . 
  recently pretty much every driver that came into f1 delivered solid performances .
