  felt like a bad joke towards massa . 
  must 've had some tough flashbacks at the time . 
  oh yeah , let 's ban one of the few ways we can hear their actual personalities instead of classic pr stuff . 
  so her bad junior racing is not an argument against her being in f1 now ? 
  sjw crap joins f1 ... guess it was just a matter of time . 
  i have nothing personal against her , she might be a lovely woman , but come on , there are way better woman racing drivers and still they are not in f1 . 
  considering i 'm a fan of vettel , button , rosberg and raikkonen ... simple `` damn . '', 
  is good enough . 
  shit happens . 
  i like this simplistic design approach , but i do n't think it 's his final design ... i mean ... he has no final design . 
  i want to see lego guy head helmet design even more . 
  also an amazing punch into bernie 's face ... although we all know that lego is amazing to play with no matter how old you are . 
  you 're kidding , but some of our local media actually do this type of stuff - last year they had series of articles about wags , how they met with drivers , etc. 
  crazy shit , but i read it anyways . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ guilty, 
  * #refuelsebwdc 2015 *, 
  those rising spikes at ricciardo though ... trully a man of the year . 
  wonder which made more money ... considering it 's lotus , i 'm not so certain ... 
  any idea who took that shot ? 
  was it vladimir rys ? 
  haha , i wanted to fix it when i read that quote , but rest of your comment is too good , i 'll leave it there . 
  [ some renaults ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0b/fernando_alonso_2006_canada.jpg/1920px-fernando_alonso_2006_canada.jpg ) are great too . 
  i 'm never going to get tired by looking at these over-aeroed ( ? ), 
  cars . 
  wonderful pieces of machinery . 
  naaaaah ... still not used to it . 
  i can easily imagine that if he ever wins title in a ferrari he 's going to enjoy it even more than those other four he had with red bull ... just because of the feels . 
  let 's also not forget that it 's been two years , his memories of rb car back in those days are not precise , especially after this year with completely redesigned cars . 
  that comparison just does n't work ... it worked just as a good joke ... until every single vettel hater started repeating it everytime there is a mention of ferrari and vettel combo . 
  best part of this episode . 
  i 've gotten used to casual smiles while listening to vw ( usually during travelling to university or home ) , but this time ... uh ... my sudden rofl was just awkward . 
  people around me in the train were like `` the fuck is wrong with him ? '', 
  thanks guys for making boring travelling fun !, 
  oh great , let 's buy you some christmas candles !, 
  this is amazing , when i 'm drunk and bored , i just text my friends shit messages about how much i love them . 
  this is more interesting . 
  more candles , more fun !, 
  their steering wheel bsoded a few times for sure . 
  especially the maldonado 's one . 
  maldonado one is gold . 
  car screaming for help ... too perfect . 
  cloudyg3 indeed is the best rom for g2 ... i do n't even like the skin ( still better than stock g2 skin though ) , but it 's worth it for that battery life , camera quality and great stability . 
  software masterpiece . 
  i get similar battery experience like you . 
  oh come on ... this is ridiculous . 
  kvyat sucked in his rookie year ? 
  i do n't know man , but imo his rookie year was pretty damn decent . 
  everything sounds so spanish when you use el . 
  el hamburger !, 
  is n't such magnificent mustache considered as an active aero though ? 
  i 'm personally not so certain if it really was the overtake of the year , more like ` fun battle of the year ' ... but there you go . 
  opinions ? 
  that was n't very impressive considering the tyre status difference imo . 
  ricciardo has had way better moves during the season . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  yes , it was after turkey 2010 ... their tryharding `` everything 's cool , see ?! '', 
  was very cringy . 
  it definitely can improve your driving , for good example you can look at [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jann_mardenborough ) , who actually made it to gp3 via simracing . 
  do n't expect to become next senna while playing f1 2014 on keyboard , but you can definitely get somewhat good while driving some serious racing with steering wheel . 
  that 's weird , video works fine both on my pc and on my phone ( lg g2 , android 4.4 ) ... he said pretty much the same thing here , i just thought that it was very nice that he was n't afraid to answer such type of question . 
  i really like current romain grosjean , he seems like genuinely great guy . 
  it 's not a disaster , but not a good thing either , especially if you take into account that other teams are having issues too . 
  i 'm not that type of guy who screams `` omg let 's give most money to biggest loser from the grid . '', 
  all day , but cash flow really needs `` a bit of adjustment '' . 
  i have no experience with fanatec , so i ca n't really compare , but i think buying g27 is not a bad move eitherway . 
  it 's pretty damn good steering equipment for simracing . 
  but hey - look into comments , that guy who asked even thanked him for answering . 
  makes me think it was n't just another provocative troll attempt . 
  to be fair ... for instagram-ish type of selfie it does n't really matter . 
  it 's much bigger sin when people use portrait mode for taking videos . 
  it 's all about details man - if he steals trophies in a merc , nobody is going to suspect him . 
  is n't he kind of used to that ? 
  i do n't think it 's red bull who people count out , it 's renault . 
  that 's like saying greek people are into zeus . 
  it 's called mythology instead of religion for reason buddy . 
  to be honest , i was looking forward to playing finale on christmas break ... 
  i expected it to be some kind of present from arenanet ... meh . 
  : - / but okay , let 's give devs casual christmas with less workdays . 
  let 's hope they really have something huge for us next year !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ expansion, 
  got ta catch 'em bulls . 
  i do n't believe it , but maaaaan ... that would 've been bomb . 
  it was somewhat enterataining for kimi 's haters . 
  not so much for the rest though . 
  yeah , but so did fernando ... 
  now that 's great attitude !, 
  like he 's the only guy who makes maldonado jokes , right ... 
  i really hope that point of no return is some kind of subtle campaing `` prepare for expansion * that 's going to blow your mind ! '', 
  ** does n't necessarily mean paid expansion , but huge update in general . 
  i would n't mind spending some bucks for high quality content though . 
  i think it 's fair to say that most gw2 player are either past-gw players , or past-wow players ( or both ) . 
  i 'm part of the second group . 
  i 've been playing wow since the burning crusade with some breaks , and even though i tried , i just could n't find game fun enough to drop blizzard 's mmo ... until gw2 came out ( yeah , i tried gw1 - fully instanced world is not my cup of tea , sorry guys ) . 
  gw2 was game that changed my approach to mmorpgs , though i ca n't say i do n't miss some stuff wow had - especially speaking of raiding and dungeon content , which still is far superior in blizzard 's game . 
  that 's just not enough to make me play wow again though - i just ca n't get back to old static combat system and generally old-schoolish gameplay , even after all these modern updates blizzard has done . 
  so - i 've looked back many times , but even then i decided to stay with gw2 . 
  while honda dominating is fairly unlikely ... let 's say it happens ... mercedes would turn over and vote for development unfreeze . 
  i can easily see this happening . 
  that 's all i have for this topic . 
  and fabulous hairstyle , seriously ... ^ i 'm ^ straight ... ^ ^ but ... ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ think ... ^ ^ ^ ^ nevermind .
