  * glass shatters in ferrari garage *, 
  underrated comment . 
  please no . 
  we do n't need more gimmicks . 
  no offense towards op . 
  besides thick base it 's amazing how ahead of time design of macbooks was , almost 10 years after and it 's still one of the best looking laptops out there . 
  i 'm pretty damn sure that a wig acts by same physical laws as real hair lol . 
  you 're talking nonsense . 
  and even then , is it really that hard to think that in-universe anakin used some sort of hair conditioning to keep it good looking ? 
  i mean , star wars never goes into this stuff , we 've seen canon space toilet for the first time this year , after 40 years of star wars , so ... yeah . 
  i know it 's just a pre-agreement , which means shit in the end ( unless ferrari straight up kicks him out , or gets rekt hard ) , but still ... 
  sebastian , please - do n't do it . 
  i 'd rather see you not win any more championships at all . 
  is it rational ? 
  but this is about passion , not rationale . 
  try fulfill baby-schumi legacy instead of being just any other guy who runs from a team to team looking for the best chance to win another wdc . 
  can this season handle two hypetrains simultaniously ? 
  max : no !, 
  hype train reveals itself when hype delivers . 
  so is the way of 2017 hype train . 
  better than false hopes last year tho . 
  that is if alonso 's car happens to finish a race . 
  wtf . 
  if you get offended by polite counter-opinion so easily you might just as well stay away from discussions and comments sections completely . 
  looks cool . 
  though not all of my development is purely xamarin , so i 'll have to stick with apple anyways . 
  should make entrance into dev world cheaper for xamarin rookies and that 's always good . 
  renault might not be as good as alonso would hope his team to be in next few years ... but fuck it , everything is better at this point . 
  and the chance is there . 
  i would n't even blame jb if he bailed it and called in that he 's sick that weekend . 
  ending straight outta / r/unexpected . 
  it depends on app we are working on tbh . 
  key to success is to have proper analysis of what is app going to need before development starts and knowing in which scenarios xamarin , or xamarin.forms is actually a good thing . 
  it can save up alot of time once you know when to go `` standard native '' and when xamarin.forms . 
  sometimes i just love it , but sometimes i curse at xamarin all day . 
  although to be fair i curse at both google and apple as well . 
  and i prefer c # over all other programming languages , even though that really is just a matter of personal opinion . 
  sadly xamarin still is not ready to be used as universally as it was intended to be . 
  it is doable , but sometimes very painful . 
  though when compared to past , it is certainly getting better . 
  that is pretty much the problem here . 
  i do n't hate him or something , but i would like to see a change . 
  any other candidates ? 
  i watched it years later , did n't even know about that `` bring it back '' hype at the time , and i think it was decent , especially considering it 's from the `` less quality tv series '' era ( before hbo/netflix/amc levels of production kicked in big style ) . 
  i think honda already lost all of it ( in f1 ) . 
  to be fair i am pretty sure that han solo movie is going to earn alot of money as well . 
  rest of your point stands though , almost everybody asks for obi movie . 
  [ check it here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/titan_the_robot ), 
  yep , i 've seen that thing before and knowing that it 's just a person in very advanced robot cosplay kinda kills the magic of it . 
  considering it seemed like seb would not even get a q1 lap at first i am pretty satisfied . 
  though i am not satisfied when i see that he lost all of that gained time in last sector . 
  just ... damn . 
  at least he split merc again . 
  also , wow , alonso ... hats off . 
  omfg . 
  alonso is pretty solid candidate for dotd as long as his car works . 
  heck mclaren could potentially avoid being rated as worst team in spain in hot/not . 
  they better not fuck it up . 
  which really makes one question whether red bull actually did improve so well just on chassis or if top 2 teams just could n't reach their potential peak performance . 
  monaco should be very interesting regarding this question . 
  yeah , but they are professional commentators , they could get a grip over such little thing to be honest . 
  our local commentary ( czech ) has many faluts , but at least they know how to pronounce vettel 's name . 
  it 's not a thing that makes me annoyed or something , but i think they could do better with just a little bit of learning . 
  one thing is for sure . 
  this kid is never going to give up on ferrari fandom from now on . 
  great stuff . 
  at that very moment when a little bit of gravel goes up in the air behind seb 's car i almost lost it . 
  holy shit . 
  really sucks that there are such big performance differences between cars because otherwise we would have such amazing racing all the time . 
  vettel deserved dotd today without a single doubt . 
  dat speed difference tho . 
  that was straight from the pre-2017 drs era . 
  a few points :, 
  - nice start from both ferraris . 
  kimi 's dnf sucks but that 's racing . 
  - mercedes won the strategy war this time around . 
  hindsight is too strong , i honestly thought that ferrari 's strategy was superior as well , so there 's that . 
  next time !, 
  - sucks to see how alonso got pushed off in the beginning . 
  but hey , they managed to hold up . 
  also ... what the fuck was vandoorne thinking ? 
  - massa caught up to stroll and got ahead after having a huge gap to him after first lap . 
  seriously , when people came here hating stroll before he even stepped into f1 car , i was defending him . 
  but they were right , he is no f1 material . 
  not even close . 
  - generally speaking i am very glad that ferrari seemingly did n't lose much if at all after this first major wave of updates . 
  i was genuinely scared that mercedes would brutally destroy them , which certainly was n't the case . 
  hit kimi , which also caused kimi hitting verstappen . 
  i 'm not hating on bottas or anything , just a turn 1 incident . 
  but that is what happened . 
  well , for once it 's rather safe to say that mclaren was n't the worst . 
  and force india as the best team is a no-brainer . 
  best driver is a split between vettel and wehrlein . 
  worst goes to vandoorne . 
  palmer and stroll were slow as usual , but wow that was a definition of dumb mistake . 
  if anybody has high quality photo of that moment when seb and lewis are pretty much side by side in t1 ( after seb 's stop ) , please send it to me !, 
  that 's porn material for me . 
  / / edit : best i could find is on f1s official fb cover . 
  lewis is n't wrong , he did n't give him space .
