  it 's been haunting me all night . 
  ca n't imagine if vettel slept at all . 
  imagine if he takes both of them lol . 
  current red bull 's driver and their former no . 
  1 that they probably still cheer for internally as long as he 's not racing their guys . 
  for me , personally , i 'd rather skip this theatre just because i want seb to score as many points as possible ... but damn ... 
  put him on worse strategies whenever there 's chance that it will benefit ricciardo . 
  that 's pretty much only realistic thing i can think of . 
  wrong sub to ask mate . 
  i do n't think i 've ever felt this disappointed by a race result . 
  but well done lewis , that start was amazing . 
  you deserved it . 
  ferrari ... just stop . 
  do n't make it even worse . 
  i really do n't feel like arguing about anything today anymore ... i 'll just leave it at statement that he punished himself well enough . 
  i think i would have been diagnosed with heart attack after today 's start . 
  yes . 
  we need million posts about it to notice . 
  only ferrari twitter disagrees . 
  i think i love you . 
  it hurts me too but first of all it 's not over and second we do n't need a thread for comments like this . 
  go to post race thread . 
  this is vettel 's thousand yard stare . 
  if we had detail of his look it would be very similar to how alonso looked in brazil 2012 i imagine . 
  or some other fans need to attack them at least once a day . 
  exactly . 
  just go ask williams or even mclaren . 
  my biggest concern is that vettel might go full desperate divebombing madness mode , just like the last year . 
  that usually does n't work out well . 
  i do n't think these even came from their fans . 
  more like from cheeky other drivers fans who voted sarcastically . 
  gm is okay on my se but i definitely see worse battery life and memory management . 
  on 10.3.3 i was able to open app really deep in the multitasking stack and it was still ready for use . 
  in 11 gm apps reopen once they are like in third position in the stack ... they open fast so not a big deal , but it 's noticeable . 
  as for battery life , i could get through entire day without charging on 10 comfortably , now it 's barely possible . 
  definitely bigger deal than ram management . 
  hopefuly they will iron out these things with small releases . 
  so when max fights dirty on the track it 's just racing , but when others let him taste his own medicine it 's because they are jealous ? 
  that 's rich . 
  i 'm more chilled about it now as well . 
  it 's still viable , although it 's going to be really tough for them . 
  initial breakdown amongst all ferrari fans was really just because of that massive shock . 
  everybody expected seb 's win as a default as long as his car works ... his strongest track , also suiting their car ... 
  i turned on the tv looking forward to classic vettel hype radio by the end of the race . 
  and then not only he retired , but also lewis took the lead ... like ... everything that could have fucked up , it fucked up . 
  still hoping for the best , but even then , if it does n't work out ... 
  i really missed being seriously nervous when watching races . 
  like ... yeah , i cared when abu dhabi came last year ... but neither of the two drivers were really my favorites , so it was n't that of a big deal for me personally . 
  but even then , if it does n't work out ... it was a great season . 
  one of my favorites . 
  i always liked f1 , but in recent years ( 2013 + ) i was n't that pumped up about it if you guys know what i mean ... 
  this season reignited my passion and love for it completely . 
  i think he made another game afterwards . 
  similar in principle , but vertical instead of horizontal . 
  ca n't remember it 's name now . 
  use kimi as a weapon . 
  hamilton won in his first season 4 times . 
  see ? 
  ferrari would have to treat kimi like a fucking royalty afterwards because if he would talk at any point later , it would lead to brutal shitstorm around the team and vettel . 
  imagine kimi 's fanbase marching through maranello with torches and shit lol . 
  yeah , one thing is to stay out longer in order to hold up hamilton . 
  the other is deliberately crashing into him with intention of dnfing him . 
  kimi is n't piquet junior . 
  kimiquokka is n't tifosi . 
  it 's a joke account . 
  eh , i do n't shy away from criticising palmer , but this was genuinely a good move and good race by him . 
  two cars in front were on inters so it was n't that much worse . 
  bottas was really poor in singapore . 
  or maybe hamilton was just too good ? 
  sign kubica for massa 's seat and i 'm aboard the williams hype train . 
  if the car even gets somewhat good under lowe 's leadership ... 
  i 'm buying me some first class tickets . 
  because mentioning certain possibilites equals praying for it ... right ... not like praying would do shit about it either , but i guess that discussion does n't really belong to this sub ... 
  why did they ban some [ aero tricks ferrari applied this year then ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/6q9z3s/fia_prohibits_some_of_ferraris_aero_tricks_with/ ), 
  does n't suit your agenda well , eh ? 
  seb 's engine can blow up as well . 
  are you too stupid to understand what `` anything can happen '' means ? 
  he really is a nice guy . 
  i wish him all the best wherever he ends up after f1 . 
  i hope it 's somehow going to tie into ot or st a bit by the end . 
  or that we even get some tease of what is to come past rebels . 
  i did n't know i wanted this . 
  but i do . 
  we must be visiting different subs then . 
  i really miss sunlight and warm weather . 
  for more than a week it 's consistently just gray depressive raining weather that makes me feel tired sooner before i even make my morning coffee after waking up . 
  in addition to that i got mild cold that makes me feel even more tired . 
  autumn can be really beautiful and melancholic when there 's some sunshine added to it , but it can be pretty damn depressive when not . 
  i guess i could n't live in uk lol . 
  harooooooo, 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  understood . 
  i know this is just a rumor etc. 
  anyways , my take on this is pretty simple : fuck you stroll sr. 
  i know right ? 
  i could n't give too many fucks if he pays for his sons seat . 
  the kid proved that he can actually provide some decent results , surely he 's no verstappen but he 's not as terrible as circlejerk would suggest ... but this is total bullshit . 
  fuck his dad . 
  i do n't dislike lance for being from rich family or using that money to gain some advantage .
