  but that 's already more about personal/political philoshophy you stay behind , than anything else . 
  appreciate the effort , but this will be taken down very soon . 
  am i the only one who actually liked that video ? 
  reading through these comments ... 
  alonso pretty much as disappointing as raikkonen ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  as others have already said , most of these results really just reflect on bandwagon majority thinking , but how the hell did alonso nearly win skillset survey ( let 's be honest , he would 've won had it not been for bandwagon vettel fans this year ) and then became as disappointing as kimi ? 
  that does n't add up much imo . 
  whoever voted for alonso being disappointing , care to explain ? 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
  i 'd also add fans that joined ferrari fanclub as soon as sebastian joined them . 
  it might not be * that * big gain , but that 's certainly my case . 
  also , people simply like underdogs , they like those who are able to put up some fight to dominating power . 
   that said vettel being the number 1 rated driver confirms my suspicions that you 're all idiots . 
  nobody is . 
  but i really like their attitude and aiming for good positions despite being new to the sport . 
  odds are they will be ahead of manor unless mercedes somehow helps them with chassis ad well , not sure about rest . 
  so was my comment . 
  all good . 
  mclaren have been sandbagging big time in testing , i 'll tell you that !, 
  very interested how vettel is going to do this season , the kid has shown some good potential last year . 
  wo n't be easy against experienced webber though . 
  i 'm very glad to read this as i already ordered mine . 
  i 'm long time android user but i never really liked that os on tablets ( based on what i 've tried ) , so when i got a little better budget to spend i was automatically going for mini 2 as well . 
  our usage scheme seems pretty much the same , except i 'll probably do a little bit more gaming on it . 
  what has your battery life been on ios 9 ? 
  all the tests i could find around were done back when mini 2 launched with older os so i 'm interested whether there are some major differences . 
  i think we should do 2004 season rewatch next year just so that all these `` dae golden times '' people wake up finally ane learn to appreciate current f1 . 
  dae think traction control is for real men . 
  current f1 is way too artificial . 
  you forgot to praise v10 m8 . 
  never forget to praise v10 when you defend old times . 
  never . 
  yeah ... no it 's not . 
  no matter how hipster you are about prequels none of these edits is anyhow close to good movie . 
  if you really think this is better than original prequels without editing then it says something about you being a poser than anything else . 
  quality wise that edit is trash . 
  yet another proof they should just disban this strategy group and get truly independent person/team to get shit done . 
  i recognized him as okay youngster in 2007 , i went full fanboy in 2008 after his win . 
  the baby schumi hype got me big time ( maybe way too much , i 'll admit that ) . 
  i supported him since . 
  heck i was one of those idiots who first blamed webber for turkey crash ... yes , i was that kind of fanboy . 
  partially ashamed of that , but hey , it 's been 5 years already ( damn it ) . 
  that 's cold . 
  wow, 
  villeneuve literally spills out controversial stuff just so that people notice he still exists . 
  moving on . 
  certainly sounds way better than most of stuff on the mystery of time . 
  looking forward to new one , always liked tobi 's approach to meat loaf style ( journey to arcadia comes to mind ) . 
  i do n't hate it , but i did n't love it either . 
  and trust me , i love avantasia . 
  i think it was tobis weakest record , but to each their own . 
  what ? 
  if it 's not sarcastic ( really hard to tell in written posts ) ... 
  hulk is n't the best driver . 
  f1 has always been about having the best car . 
  that 's why it 's called constructor 's championship . 
  and even then . 
  i prefer to spend my time watching the actual race rather than tweeting about it ( and i am certainly a twitter-positive person . 
  ricciardo by far . 
  he really is f1 's david beckham . 
  very focused on promoting his own brand , but nice side effect of that is he 's promoting the sport as well . 
  not that it 's a bad thing , i have no idea how people in us are in relation to f1 , but reading through this thread i guess his presence in such shows is very good for the sport in general . 
  fom showed this part as well . 
  the race directing overall was awful this year , but i remember seeing this on replay in my tv programme ( and clenching my butt big time during it ) , which uses the fom video feed . 
  i 'd love him to wash my car . 
  so much for windsor 's comments . 
  edit : why downvotes ? 
  windsor has claimed vettel was pushing for some shady politics to make himself no . 
  kimi straight up denies anything like that . 
  and if anything , he 's the last guy i 'd expect to lie if vettel really was doing something shady in the background . 
  yes , seb is number one , but not because of something weird going on behind closed door . 
  period . 
  how does it smell ? 
  also first jedi with saberstaff in movies . 
  would 've been amazing . 
  holy crap , i had to double check if i have youtube player set to normal speed . 
  ot thought : i 'm always very surprised how unknown the `` car really matters '' fact is by casual people who are n't into motorsport in general . 
  pretty much 90 % of my non-f1 friends were surprised when i told them the cars are n't equal . 
  and fair amount of them thought it was pretty unfair . 
  from driver 's perspective , yes , it kind of is , but i would n't want f1 to go spec series anyways , honestly . 
  indy does that pretty well , let 's keep f1 more unique . 
  over time i noticed certain pattern in the way casual people think about motorsports - they pretty much believe everything is spec series . 
  guess it 's sort of a side effect of drivers being considered the real superstars of motorsport - which to me seems a bit unfair to teams . 
  not in f1 , no . 
  i honestly think neither of them is really interested in such teammate clash . 
  maybe alonso would like to prove something against seb in the same car , but i 'm not 100 % sure about that either . 
  anyways seb and lewis are very comfortable in their current teams and i tend to believe they will finish their f1 careers there . 
  as for alonso ... he has much less time before he falls off his peak , and for the sake of his legacy i hope he 's not going to overstretch his f1 run . 
  but maybe one day , in wec ... as wec is much more team focused motorsport discipline ... these three could destroy the field with big style . 
  '' ... but i really liked that vettel guy between 2010 and 2013 . '', 
  seriously , these types of fans ... 
  `` why is n't red bull winning anymore ? '', 
  i 've heard this question more often than i 'd like to . 
  i got annoyed over time and just went from explaining it very deeply ( how others have better overall packages , what changed in regs , etc. ), 
  to just saying `` renault . '', 
  because it 's * le classic kimi * . 
  i 'd take watching it on iss anytime though . 
  haha , but to be fair , most f1 commentator 's ca n't properly pronounce them as well . 
  uettle .
