  let 's hope they have enough money to fund it - was original massively their full time job or not ? 
  well , if he did n't want to marry her , something tells me he wo n't be that affected by this split like some people think he should be . 
  it 's not 2011 . 
  after all , if 2011 was his first serious breakup ( they 've been together for quite a while , right ? 
  ) , i can understand why did it crush him hard . 
  not this time . 
  also one point - there are definitely more maps than just one super huge vertical map like some people have speculated after initial launch . 
  they tend to use `` maps '' during the entire post . 
  i 'm happy too , but i think you 're bit overestimating amount of fucks oh84s gives . 
  how cool would that be if he 'd become one of mordremoths generals or something like that ? 
  hero of the past now leading corrupted army ... okay , that 's a bit cheesy and classic ( warcraft , star wars at least ) ... but i still like that idea of facing him as our new enemy . 
  after all it still would 've been cooler rather than just some random dialog `` nah , dude 's dead , let 's explore the jungle . '', 
  well they hired raid design specialist , whoever that person is , he/she should be behind something like dungeon team ... we know that old dungeon team from 2012/2013 is not existentn , but we have no idea what was going on in arenanet since early 2014 ... i mean ... now we know what was going on , but i definitely think we do n't know everything yet . 
  raids and dungeons after all are not features , and they are still talking about features , not actual content ... so we might get more insight about that later on . 
  i 'm being optimistic in this matter . 
  i like listening to both . 
  wp usually goes straight to the point and matt on the other hand can make me excited about pretty much everything . 
  i listen to their solo videos while playing even if they cover same content . 
  it 's been a while since matt was this excited about gw2 . 
  why the fuck did fi vote against ? 
  i do n't get it !, 
  that 's not the point though . 
  nobody expected marussia to win in 2015 with 2014 car . 
  point is that mr. mallya was one of the loudest personas when it came to catering towards smaller teams and helping them - and damn he was really on point and made it clear that things need to change . 
  and now he simply shot one of these smaller teams in heart , basically finishing them off while all these `` evil big rich '' teams he was fighting against agreed that they have no issues with marussia receiving an exception . 
  fucking hypocrite , that 's what pisses me off . 
  well , there is a reason why even arenanet enjoys this sub and spends quite a bit of time there . 
  it must be pretty relaxing for them after all that shit going on in their official forums . 
  yep , richies stream was pretty laggy . 
  `` you know '', 
  once again gw2 community overhyped itself and now blames arenanet for screwing up . 
  this is literally the first activity in the expansion . 
  by the same logic you can say that arah explorable is just as easy as sylvari tutorial instance . 
  this list needs some alonso . 
  i prefer something ... more boring . 
  ... but casual duels anywhere ( lets say except cities ) would 've been nice . 
  i rolled norn male for my guardian ... but i could n't stand how slow he felt and the way he was screaming when attacking . 
  i thought that i can get over it , but sometime after level 50 ( before birthday boosters/tomes of knowledge were a thing ) i just deleted him and rolled sylvari male instead . 
  none of my characters is norn male and probably never will be , i rolled smallest possible norn female for my mesmer and she feels way better ... so norn female is for me the only way to go norn . 
  no issues with other race/gender combinations though . 
  or ( since they have them all there ) make them do quali session in liana and then do actual race ( 10 laps for example ) . 
  11/10 would watch . 
  because it 's stupid thought . 
  also - michael left deliberately . 
  still wondering whether that was intentional or not . 
  more like tilkenako . 
  did n't want to sleep tonight anyways ... 
  wildstar is a good game , just not worth the monthly subscription . 
  i really enjoyed it ... except for that cheesy-ass humor . 
  but paying for that every month ? 
  nah , i 'd rather spend that money on wow in that case . 
  4th , 5 was his driver number mate . 
  finaly a good update !, 
  wow , 40k views ... matt was really doing good back in these days with lp . 
  our local commentators used to discuss kimi 's favorite ice-cream brand for 15 minutes or so ... is it that bad ? 
  pointless post , but : mega lol . 
  there always has to be * that * guy . 
  congratulations , now you 're * that * guy . 
  real cars have curves !, 
  does n't silverstone have something similar ? 
  well , we all know that max chilton is the biggest f1 legend of all time and you still do n't see many people using his flair . 
  this !, 
  i actually prefer to run around the world and gather stuff myself rather than farm dungeons/trains and then buy stuff from tp . 
  yet i just ca n't do that with cloth mats , at least most of them ... silk and gossammer are no problem to get on 80 , but rest is freaking annoying . 
  edit : dude , your flair text fits you really great . 
  that would 've been some gold material if it was on reddit . 
  so hardcore . 
  people afk and act the same way in unranked . 
  it usually comes down to `` you guys suck so i just stay here and watch you die . '', 
  - sure that does really help . 
  no matter how good that guy really is , if he just stands there , he 's not any more useful than scrub who 's dying all the time ( but at least he 's trying ) . 
  elitism is real deal in pvp , but i do n't care if most players are way better than me ( they probably are - i never even dared trying ranked ) , yet it really annoys me if those self-declared pros just give up when our enemy is winning by just 100 points . 
  i 'd add bernie too . 
  nah , most of time you could probably hear just that v8 . 
  i 'd love to see v6 cars win over those screaming v8s though - just to shut up all these who talk shit about it `` it 's vacuum cleaner , my car has 1.6 l , f1 is so slow lol . '', 
  minidrivers is spanish project after all . 
  do n't mind it though , they do great fun stuff . 
  that 's classic jc-ism though , do n't look much into it . 
  my point was that he probably was n't 100 % serious about that mate . 
  i can understand that though - as a writer-blogger , i wrote tons of content over years ( not in english ) , yet everytime i transferred my blog to different system i went through all these posts and realized that i do n't want some of these to be public anymore . 
  i guess that matt feels same about his pre-visual content . 
  man was great back in his days , not anymore . 
  times have changed . 
  thanks for constructive comment btw . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  at least wow has regular maintenances ( or at least it used to - correct me if it 's not happening anymore ) even when there are no big content drops . 
  do n't watch it then , i like it . 
  they did show gameplay . 
  both times . 
  webbah was mostly overtaking slower cars because he sucked at starts . 
  no way he 's near alonso level , who 's definitely one of the best overtakers on the grid . 
  that 's the dream . 
  but seriously ... please , ask about dungeons . 
  still ... other singles were better imo . 
  i hope you 're right though . 
  otherwise this would 've been first nightwish album i would n't be fanaticaly in love with for next 6-12 months as always when they released a new one . 
  well , amaranth , nemo and also storytime were pretty good . 
  i 'm not much of a fan when it comes to \u00c9lan ( sadly ) . 
  i still have hopes for new album though . 
  there is no doubt about his talent .
