  can you repeat that question ? '', 
  cars are n't exactly slow at the moment - heck they are even faster than v8s . 
  nearly 350 km/h on straight is n't something i 'd consider slow . 
  and as for safety - yes , it would be safer in some scenarios , but not in jules ' scenario - no matter how good would closed cockpit be , his brain would n't survive 254 gs anyways . 
  i honestly do n't expect him or any driver really to say anything other than `` we are open to it '' . 
  at least not while jules ' death is still such a fresh thing . 
  well made tribute , does n't do unnecessary clich\u00e9s and stays more on the neutral ( almost happy ) note of remembering fond memories of jules . 
  f1 youtube team has done a good job . 
  slightly ot : i wish we had more `` that one night out '' stories from f1 drivers . 
  motogp , wrc and le mans are nowhere near f1 in terms of popularity and `` public acknowledgement '' ( no idea how to describe it , so i used this ) . 
  your average joe who does n't care about motorsport at all will probably know what f1 is , who is that schumacher guy , who is that hamilton guy , etc. 
  he would probably name some big names from motogp , but i doubt he would tell you anything about wrc , let alone le mans , which is the ultimate motorsport discipline for most hardcore fans that nobody outside `` our world '' cares about . 
  at least that 's my experience with people who do n't give a single damn about motorsport as a whole . 
  is it really necessary to be so militant whenever somebody does n't act like lewis is the best/coolest human being of all time ? 
  so fabulous . 
  * slowclap *, 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm here for maybe a year and half and i still feel like this is the best online place to discuss f1 . 
  over time i got so immune to tryhard trolls that i take them as natural part of the internet and do n't really bother much - not just here , anywhere really . 
  there are some obvious trolls ( whoeverquokka ) and people i 'd rather not name which i tagged as `` actually believes his/her own crap '' , but at the end of the day it 's not really bothering me either . 
  you ca n't like everybody and everybody ca n't like you . 
  what kind of helps me is that i usually uncheck `` send replies to inbox '' on most of my comments and i manually go back only to those in which i know no idiot will start firing his/her crap at me . 
  that 's not very nice . 
   awhile back , guardian sword 2 could be used in the same manner in mid-air , provided you had an enemy to target on the floor below you -- until they removed that . 
  i think you can still do similar thing with judge 's intervention though . 
  or was it nerfed after spec patch ? 
  also known as colin johanson . 
  regarding your final point - you can buy preorder edition shortly before the launch date ( whenever that is ) if you want a char slot and do n't want to throw away money for nothing at the moment . 
  i 'll probably do it that way too - unless they announce something that makes me pull out wallet out of my pocket right now . 
  * breaking news *, 
  vettel : `` i 'd like to win championship with ferrari '', 
  they have good in-season development , but suddenly gaining 2 + sec on their usual pace is quite some black magic shit if you ask me . 
  i never really liked tost , but today he brought that to whole new level . 
  i can understand his comment regarding politics in baku as teams really have no say in whether f1 goes there or not , but man he annoyed the crap out of me when he said that he does n't give a damn about whether any gp is saved . 
  i like graeme 's reaction that f1 should n't blidnly go for profits if it means sacrificing tracks like monza . 
  they still won two races and were running close to podium finishes in first half of 2012 . 
  their current form is way worse . 
  odds are they can beat williams by the end of the season ( unless renault brings in another downgrade ) , but i doubt they will go any higher . 
  and in 2013 they benefited from tyres change massively . 
  did anybody actually watch the entire thing ? 
  because there should be some in-game achievement for doing so . 
  it 's not because of your opinion on vettel . 
  feel free to hate the guy as much as you want . 
  it 's because you literally said that driver with best car does n't deserve to be a champion , which basically invalidates almost every single formula 1 champion . 
  the most likable guy in f1 ? 
  well , he 's okay if i do n't take singapore in account , but i 'd still give that to brundle . 
  honest , yet very reasonable and mostly absolutely unbiased guy with some amazing insight . 
  i 'd give him control over f1 anytime . 
  agreed , but still i think we act somewhat nice in most cases - there are many small posts asking about the sport ( `` who to root for '' , many eli5 's ) which are answered in nice and informative manner . 
  i just thought it would be nice to give credit to those who try to explain stuff without being a dick . 
  as much as i root for seb , i 'd like to see `` sebastian vettel congratulating ricciardo on p3 '' post tomorrow . 
  makes me wonder whether he would stay with ferrari after 2014 if he won that 2010 title and 2011-2014 seasons went exactly the same way they did . 
  haha , yeah - did n't even think of that option . 
  p3 is the p1 for rest of the world . 
  nah , they 'll grab some podiums . 
  williams will drop with further car development and ferrari is n't flawless either . 
  they even might be catching up with ferrari in wcc by the end of the season ... if ( if ) renault 's upgrades are worth it . 
  do n't want to go too ot , but ca n't resist to ask : are you two guys czech ? 
  torro rosso gets medal for the most underwhelming car for an f1 driver . 
  prove your claim or gtfo . 
  got ta keep those team spirits up . 
  interesting . 
  let 's do this . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/starwatto, 
  i think it 's the same thing still . 
  i 've been doing it several times a week for more than a year and i still got just one chest . 
  when i was somewhat drunk during late night session . 
  and i picked longbow . 
  yeah ... 
  why would they sue bernie ? 
  ever heard of abbreviations or are you too old school for that ? 
  also , rbr cars have history of using the most downforce , which might be reducing their potential top speed compared to mclaren , which probably ran with low downforce setup to compensate their pu . 
  do n't know how about you guys . 
  but this was the best hungarian gp i 've ever seen . 
  even without rain . 
  both mchondas went mental after sc , amazing stuff . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  no matter who that is , people get super mad on voice com in some pointless video game matches which are purely for fun , sitting comfortably in their armchair with a beer at hand . 
  and then those same people get mad at drivers with ton of adrenaline in their blood who fight for prestigious world championship . 
  if anything , people should judge what driver says once he 's calmed down after the race , but not during it , especially right after the incident . 
  exactly . 
  today it crossed my mind as if it is n't some kind of vettel curse . 
  this year 's hungary was good , but 2014 bahrain is still whole different level . 
  short term memory at it 's finest . 
  one can dream . 
  but i am rather pesimistic . 
  i think he 's just using a bullshit response to bullshit comment tactic . 
  you can hear anthem in the picture ? 
  how does it sound ? 
  wish they tried that with more tracks . 
  but i think he would guess them all . 
  most experienced drivers probably would ... still pretty impressive though . 
  that looks even harder to hit properly than before . 
  maybe it 's just me , but he seems a bit awkward from time to time ( no offense to the guy ) . 
  i think it was buxton here saying that it 's just that he 's uncomfortable with cameras , so there 's that . 
  other than that he seems like nice fella . 
  around current red bull level seems reasonable to guess imo . 
  odd podiums , some points , but not much more . 
  i 'd make the rule an optional thing for stewards to go with .
