  everytime his tyres were about to die ricciardo still had plenty of life in them , or vettel just made a mistake , spun , left the track , etc. 
  he was messy . 
  either way , ricciardo beat him fair and square , no matter how we try to describe actual reasons behind his ( under ) performing . 
  to add to points others have already made :, 
  people already do n't like boring overtaking processions with drs , if you introduced massive weight differences between cars that are inevitably going to happen with refueling , you 'd have even more boring overtaking processions . 
  the gaps between cars would likely extend even more and most overtaking would happen just during pitstops or shortly after them , again - in a very boring way . 
  do n't let highlight videos and such from refueling era trick you into thinking that it makes up for better racing . 
  these videos are exactly that - highlights , most racing was pretty bland , although still exciting to watch due to alot of noise and high speeds ( we should get speeds back in 2017 ) . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  also - minidrivers series on youtube . 
  hitman intro pack pretty please , 
  thank you , 
  through bootcamp you can run all of bethesda games smoothly ( besides fallout 4 ) . 
  those are also fairly cheap on steam right now . 
   also eso should run okay on macbook air from what i 've seen on youtube , i 'm actually considering buying it myself - although the game is a bit spacy , so consider hard drive space before buying it . 
  i 'm running bootcamp off external ssd so i 'm fine though . 
  besides that cs : go runs okay at 720p , so does ballistic overkill ( refunded the game as i did n't like that chaotic shooter style , but look at it , it 's cheap and might be good for you ) , paladins , tf2 , any moba game ever that suits your liking , world of warcraft . 
  racing games by codemasters besides dirt rally and f1 2015/2016 . 
  the list goes for a long while and i 'm not even listing some older outdated titles . 
  mba ( especially bootcamped ) is well capable of some light gaming . 
  well they kinda moved everything over to usb-c except iphone/ipad lineup already so ... 
  physically superior ? 
  many people replace lightning cable on yearly basis , i had to do it once as well . 
  i also have micro-usb devices , never had to change any cable . 
  ever . 
  and i 've been using micro-usb for way longer time than lightning . 
  does n't matter how you put it , hangouts definitely is more popular than allo . 
  i live in europe as well and i do n't know a single person using allo , and i am surely not going to force them into it when i already have them on way more established messengers that are more likely not going to be suddenly ended in good old google fashion . 
  it 's you who has a lucky allo bubble around yourself , not the other way around . 
  the most joyful f1 win ever for me . 
  way better than any championship win he 's had . 
  the feels were very real on that day . 
  i want to believe that there is still good hope for vettel - ferrari combo . 
  realistic head movements at such speeds . 
  not really . 
  i 'm happy , he 's strong , menacing and has just about right amount of callbacks to who he was back before the black suit . 
  also , it 's lucasfilm . 
  lucasfilm still makes star wars , disney just pumps money into it . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   this is obi-fucking wan kenobi , one of the most revered generals of the clone wars , and the reason darth hatessand has three limbs on mustafar . 
  enough of this rebel propaganda nonsense !, 
  so many insults towards glorious lord of the sith , darth vader . 
  you might need to look at emperor again then . 
  seriously , you say that [ this ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rktcircvpfe/hqdefault.jpg ) looks like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/emperor_rotj.png ) ? 
  vader said it himself a few times as well . 
  yep , they had work-related respect for each other . 
  but i would n't call that a friendship , which is what windywindona said . 
  i do n't think you know what downforce is . 
  well done abu dhabi, 
  this being the only way i 'd be fine with them coming back into stories lol . 
  so what is going to be the actual season finale though ? 
  thrawn wrecking rebellion or obi-wan finishing off maul ? 
  seriously , they are hyping up two important events it seems ... and i ca n't tell which i am more excited for !, 
  watching in that order is sort of mostly for very dedicated viewers who are willing to do it . 
  op , if that ordering seeems a bit crazy to you , do n't worry , i 've seen it all in standard ( story-wise non-chronological ) order first and my experience was n't hindered at all . 
  but yeah , definitely watch tcw before rebels , many events will have way more emotional effect on you and will make sense later . 
  also bare in mind that rebels picks up solid quality a bit later on - i mean i still like it as it 's star wars , but it really picks up on solid quality later in second season , this current season being so far really great . 
  that also applies on tcw , it gained some solid momentum after first two seasons . 
  yeah , and let 's not forget that anakin and obi-wan were trained to be powerful and effective force users all their life , luke started when he was what , 20 years old ? 
  and not even close to the level of training anakin or obi-wan had back in the good old days . 
  i do n't think luke being overpowered fits into lore at all . 
  sure , make him do some cool stuff before we say final goodbye to him , but let 's not go all batshit crazy about his powers . 
   lucasfilm has been pretty good lately about giving fans what they want, 
  this in fact gives me some serious hope for viii . 
  they really seem to be listening to fans alot , which should also imply that they took all of tfa criticism to heart and are going to make a truly new star wars experience . 
  i was at first afraid that they would go for some sort of obi-wan sacrifice/not trying to win a fight approach with him , but nowadays i think we could see some cool fighting with him . 
  i 'd like to see him fight kylo , and heck even if he gets defeated it would be cool as all hell . 
  luke and mark both deserve way more than just standing in the background and teaching rey force stuff . 
  this season is already stuffed with so many great characters that i am not really expecting him to come in season 3 . 
  at some point it would probably oversaturate and they also need to keep some good stuff for upcoming seasons !, 
  i 'd be totally fine with them finishing off maul 's or mandalore 's redemption ( ? ), 
  arc before going into new stories and characters . 
  i say save cody for season 4 or so !, 
  never really got into mass effect , do n't hate me , i love scifi and bioware games , but i just could n't enjoy myself in first game . 
  is it necessary to know story of first game before trying out second one ? 
  i 'm asking whether it 's worth it to do some research on first game 's story before trying second game . 
  please no . 
  i 'd love to see seb and max in monday trash talk thread . 
  that would be so meta . 
  they 'd post everything twice , once in italian and once in english . 
  `` here 's a message to all downvoters , fuck off , honestly , fuck off ! '', 
  it depends on what you see as all time great ? 
  will he be perceived as alonso/hamilton level driver by hardcore lifelong fans such as those around this sub ? 
  nah , that is very unlikely unless he pulls some serious magic in upcoming years . 
  will some `` casuals '' in 20 + years take a notice of him and his 4 championships in a row ( no matter how one puts it , that is still a great achievement ) at such young age whilst ignoring his darker `` fuck off , i 'm going home , multi21 '' history , or that he was destroyed by ricciardo ? 
  probably , yeah . 
  btw , as per usual in these threads , friendly reminder to certain fellow vettel fans - not being all time great is n't equal to being shit driver . 
  i never understood that robot criticism in first place , we have so many great different personalities across entire grid . 
  sure there are some dulll boring fellas , but for the most part it 's good . 
  hamilton , ricciardo , vettel , verstappen , raikkonen , alonso , p\u00e9rez , grosjean , magnussen are all great differing personalities , and i 'm not counting in vandoorne or ocon as they are yet to shine through f1 . 
  and not so back in the past we 've had many great personalities as well , button , massa , maldonado ( he was a unique personality , that 's for sure ) , ... 
  i do n't think you understand overall concept behind palpatine 's and vader 's power . 
  each one of those two would wreck the shit out of kanan , ezra , saw and sabine combined with no problem at all . 
  and you 're even so bold to put them against both of them at the same time ? 
  there 's no way they could survive such encounter if we are to keep their power consistent within entire saga story . 
  two of my favorite things in one . 
  add some beer and boobs and you 've got all i need in my life . 
  i like seb . 
  damn that would be very smart way to turn his story and make him even more important to entire universe . 
  we could see more of him in potential series that would take place after rotj if that is the case .
