  i 've seen some shit there , but this is way beyond anything else . 
  i never really understood that hate for him , which occurs from time to time . 
  might be that i did n't really follow international coverage pre 2010 , so i might have missed something , but overall he has always stroke me with that `` cool weirdo uncle '' feel . 
  just a showerthought : alonso is currently at pretty crazy pay per point rate . 
  manors are about 3-5 seconds off the mercedes pace iirc ... she was able to be 15-17 seconds off the pace in spec series . 
  i know they need to make such statements because investors , stocks and other stuff ... but it really just adds more salt into fans bleeding wounds . 
  way too bombastic headline . 
  his actual answer does n't sound that cocky . 
  i really hope he has that with slight difference that his top team does n't suck by the time his career nears end . 
  i think his lotus run was pretty decent , although it might 've just seemed that way as he was paired with romain ... i think it was the move to new era of f1 that hurt him most and he 's simply past his peak to adapt to new era . 
  needs more animated gifs with flaming and sparkling text though . 
  ah maan , 90s/early 2000s internet ... crazy times . 
  murray 's in for some serious business . 
  did he workout a bit in these days ? 
  this break is way too long . 
  i believe there is a bit of williams fan in nearly every f1 fan . 
  as much as i do n't really care about their drivers , for the sake of frank i wish they can get that top spot again . 
  they deserve it for their dedication ... they were the worse part of midfield for quite some time and they still kept fighting . 
  i doubt massa or bottas are on vettel level , but okay . 
  this man knows how to live a life . 
  ot : friend of mine is a truck driver . 
  he drives across entire europe ... he has seen many different countries , many different people . 
  everytime i ask him how 's job going , he starts telling me stories from russia . 
  once he told me that he was overtaking a tank at some lower grade road ... i could n't tell if he was shitting me or not , so i 'll just leave it there . 
  definitely not with sutil ... just kidding . 
  from current field ? 
  ca n't really pick one to be honest . 
  kimi if i want to get very drunk . 
  seb/dc/jb if i want to have reasonably sober fun . 
  rosberg if i want to do some karaoke ( i would need to get drunk for that though ... ) . 
  aside of those , i 'd love to grab a beer with kubica . 
  during racing break we can have threads like this , or threads discussing hamiltons hair . 
  pick one . 
  good guy kimi keeping the championship interesting even when he 's not able to fight for it himself . 
  it 's a bombastic word , is n't . 
  i 'll play devils advocate there ... is it really worse though ? 
  when you do n't know where exactly that challenge is , it might make you explore the map more carefully just to find that point . 
  before you could just zoom out on the map and decide the fastest path to that point . 
  it might be annoying when you 're doing exploration for second time , but i think it really works well with arenanets idea of unforced exploration of the world . 
  game has been important for a while then , sammpo has been making this crazy stuff for quite some time . 
  check his other videos . 
  `` are you ready to go deep into colin johanson ? '', 
  i ... uh ... i am ready . 
   the only thing people do n't like to make are asuran rangers, 
  yay , my asuran ranger suddenly feels more unique !, 
  i think it 's fair to say he 's better at driving . 
  so , tell me - do you really think alonso would deliver better results than vettel did in this years ferrari ? 
  with exception of bahrain he has been amazingly consistent ( austria was teams fault ) and always put that car where it should 've been . 
  does it look like marcellus wallace ? 
  button trashed hamilton in 2011 , yet hamilton is still a fantastic driver and one of the all time greatest . 
  i 'm sorry but your reasoning is a bit lacking there . 
  it 's okay if you just do n't like vettel , but do n't throw at us that you can get 4 championships in a row ( 2 of which were fought until the end ) by being a mediocre driver . 
  webber would 've been champion if vettel was mediocre . 
  that forklift is in green shade very similar to the one found on mercedes f1 car . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ confirmed ? 
  yes . 
  they are slightly enhanced , but they do use in-game models in trailers for important updates . 
  [ example . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slzqoys5tqq ), 
  i think so . 
  that 's also why they removed canthan district from divinity 's reach ( it was there pre-beta i think ) . 
  oh i like their games . 
  their cinematics were above gaming standards since pretty much ever . 
  even old cgi intro cinematics in old starcraft/warcraft games were epic and still look good to this date , despite being created in 90s . 
  are you / u/oh84s 's evil twin ? 
  so ... they kicked out one solid number 2 driver for another one ? 
  not surprising though , i kind of expected it to be either kimi or bottas . 
  i 've never got into minecraft , but it never stops to amaze me what people make in it . 
  it really is a virtual lego . 
  fair enough , he was decent this season . 
  i 'm just wondering if he did n't give himself an a every season . 
  wow ... 
  i solved only red bull racing . 
  just ... wow . 
   i 'll add to this , abu dhabi, 
  interesting . 
  and a bit funny coming from somebody with alonso flair . 
  ^ ^ sorry , ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ resist . 
  utility : ** hype train **, 
  instant cast , no cooldown, 
  spirit weapon . 
  grants 25 stacks of * hypeness * to allies within 9000 range . 
  * hypeness * - new boon . 
  makes you run in circles and shed tears of joy , there are no brakes . 
  stacks duration . 
  colinator . 
  damn that looks meaty . 
  so much for those who said that revenant will be useless . 
  shiro meta incoming . 
  seems like they take feedback very seriously this time . 
  i like that . 
  it was just a matter of time , but still ... 
  i have no words . 
  will be buffed in next patch , arenanet listens to feedback . 
  `` okay jules , i ... i think we are p9 , p9 ! '', 
  ... and sudden `` yeaaaah '' in the background of that radio communication . 
  they were the real winners that day . 
  i believe that atmosphere in backmarker team with not much chance for any serious results is way more relaxed opposed to teams who fight for every point for championship . 
  another thing is , both jules and max seemed like nice fellas all around , i remember that max even retweeted some wtf1 post which was joking about him . 
  world of warcraft is n't on steam either .
