  i think it was more of a `` wink wink '' type of question than anything else . 
  more like a number 3 or something . 
  the gap was brutal . 
  thanks god it does lol . 
  that would be some next level shit if they went backwards from where they are . 
  yes yes yes yes yes yes and yes again !, 
  ringdingdingdingding ... great stuff . 
  now imola instead od baku pls . 
  german champion , ferrari , ross brawn . 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  alonso was crowned winner of singapore gp after his teammate crashed on purpose . 
  see ? 
  i can do this too . 
  that guy is such a classic now . 
  everytime i hear him with his clumsy accent i just ca n't help myself and smile like an idiot . 
  thanks op , 
  in a different car . 
  they never were teammates . 
  that 's what we are talking about here . 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
  verstappen is no great . 
  not even close to being one as of now . 
  he 's a young aggressive driver with amazing potential , but not a great . 
  not now , in 2016 . 
  get back to reality . 
  raikkonen is closer to being considered a great than he is . 
  they almost did that to jb last time heh ... eh . . meh . 
  every f1 ~ ~ champion ~ ~ driver acts like a dick sometimes . 
  sure it does n't justify this as some kind of universal excuse , but you get the idea ... 
  i only wish it was a threeway fight for championship . 
  mercedes vs. ferrari vs red bull would make for a legendary season such as 2010 . 
  2005 macbooks ? 
  you mean powerbooks ? 
  lol no , even if your usage is just about reading emails and reddit ... no . 
  just no . 
  honestly doubt that vr will have much effect on day-to-day real work usage . 
  it 's mostly an entertainment gimmick than anything else . 
  people over at / r/apple would tell you not to but honestly there is not much reason not to buy an air as long as you are okay with the screen . 
  performance wise it 's still a very solid machine . 
  not the ultimate powerhouse , but then again , that 's not really what macbooks are going for anyways . 
  one thing to notice though , unless you really just want mac computer , there are some very , very solid options on windows sideo of things , usually even for less money with same performance and better screens . 
  if i did n't need a mac os ( going for an app dev career ) i would have likely gone with something from xps 13 lineup . 
  great windows machines . 
  but hey , if you like mac more or have some other reasoning for your buy , mba will at least for another year be a solid buy if you are okay with the screen ( i am ) . 
  current alonso is much more likable than 2005-06 alonso imo . 
  on all fronts pretty much . 
  only thing i kinda miss is those weird dances he used to make . 
  it really just might be that my previous experiences are clouded by shroud of time ... but it 's malaysian 2015 finish that immediately comes to my mind . 
  obviously i 'm a huge vettel fanboy , but none of his championships or wins felt even remotely as good as that one . 
  it was a combination of early childhood memories of schumacher , maurizio screaming `` ferrari is back '' and seb being back on it after more than a year of watching him struggle and constantly reading how bad he is . 
  he 's the first and so far only driver i 'm truly rooting for and it got me big time . 
  there were major tears of joy afterwards . 
  i ca n't even remember whether that ever happened to me before in regards to f1 . 
  probably not - not when it comes to joy at least . 
  if you are talking about that story about refusing rb , it 's really just that ... a story . 
  he denied it . 
  all he meant was that he would n't like to go in as a rb driver , not that he actually denied them . 
  media created mighty bubble there . 
  they are pretty solid midfielder . 
  and sainz puts in nice solid performances . 
  verstappen 's promotion could have screwed his confidence as well but he handled it really well . 
  kid grew on me a bit . 
  he did n't . 
  it was more of a sarcastic remark . 
  yeah !, 
  it 's wonderful to see that this has n't changed at all even after like ... three generations grew up watching the movies and building lego toys based on it . 
  purely the way i see it so do n't take it as canon explanation or anything :, 
  i do n't think sith are evil just for using the dark side . 
  the problem more lies in a thing that usually once a force wielder taps into a dark side of the force , it absolutely consumes him with permanent desire to be even more powerful . 
  that extreme constant desire for even more power will sooner or later make you do evil stuff . 
  jedi are idealistic monks that could have even won the war in months had they used their force abilites in full potential , but they are afraid of exactly that - being consumed by the dark side , that naturally comes in play once you decide to use full potential of the force . 
  and avoiding that pit of darkness is what makes them good , even though they really screwed up - they never really had any power-mongering intentions . 
  [ rebels s2 mild spoiler ] ( / s `` that screwup yoda himself admitted later on . '' ), 
  damn i did n't know actresses name in stranger things and genuinely thought this was her after eating a sandwich or two ( seriously , nancy is too skinny ) . 
  crazy similarities . 
  edit : i swear this is probably the most toxic sub i 've ever been to . 
  i 'll rather stick to just checking out photos and not commenting so that i do n't hurt your neckbeard feelings any further by simply stating my opinion on women 's looks . 
  ( other guy already took `` hail to the king op '' :d ), 
  thanks op !, 
  thanks . 
  thank you op !, 
  2nd in f4 as of now . 
  i 'd love to see him in f1 but man these days are tough . 
  there is serious talent overload in top motorsport and - do n't kill me please - right now i just do n't see him being * that * good . 
  but with all my heart i hope that he develops further and makes it into f1 and does good there . 
  schumacher family should be part of f1 even beyond michael 's career . 
  says the guy who got aggressively-anxious over somebody calling out a certain group of people on social media . 
  he 's better than vettel as of now , yes - though last three races is about as `` frequent '' as rosberg 's upper hand over hamilton was in the beginning of the season . 
  vettel had one more retirement than kimi and one of kimi 's retirements was 100 % just his fault , so there 's also that . 
  not sure what 's up with that though . 
  he seemingly upped his game since new contract came in and vettel is ... just all over the place now . 
  probably slightly frustrated over red bull being so fast after early-season believing that he could even fight for wdc . 
  raikkonen no fucks given attitude fits better in stressful situations such as when marchionne is breathing down their necks every damn weekend . 
  this . 
  during most fights in pt it was more of a soldier vs. soldier relationship between duelists on each side . 
  in ot it was much more personal . 
  and i think obi vs. anakin was pretty damn good in every single aspect . 
  i do n't care what others think about it , it delivered perfect amount of emotions to me . 
  i could go on and explain why i would be damn sure to block every attack when a guy swings a laser that can cut anything in front of me , especially when i can see stuff miliseconds before it actually happens ( and my enemy can do the same ) but screw it ... 
  i 'll put this the other way :,
