  also gives you some more perspective on young driver market . 
  hot damn . 
  that 's ... amazing . 
  just a fun fact : dave filoni , the mastermind behind both tcw and rebels also worked on avatar : the last airbender . 
  rebels just continue what tcw started . 
  tcw was funded more or less by lucas ' personal money and most of all - it started when lucasfilm was completely independent . 
  so ... no . 
  this is lucasfilm , not disney . 
  give the company who made all this some credit . 
   the only reason lucasfilm does what it does is because of the mouse . 
  movies-wise , probably , yeah . 
  these tv series ? 
  what a race though . 
  much better than yesterday . 
  it was a joy to watch gasly push forward even with that damaged frontwing . 
  yep , that 's her . 
  she would be lapped by manors even if fitted into fuckin mercedes . 
  it 's also pretty fun version of `` nothing worthy of note '' . 
  still , at the end of the day , she drives fast cars . 
  i 'd drive fast cars for free , she gets paid for it . 
  good for her . 
  it would n't get me as much if they just get shot or something . 
  he needs to step in and cut them in half one by one , and finish jyn with brutal force choke . 
  what, 
  everybody is whiny little pain in the ass in their teens . 
  some even stay that way when they grow up ( physically ) . 
  what the hell are you on about . 
  in ep . 
  1 he was a nice kid that helped complete strangers . 
  in ep . 
  2 he starts slipping towards darkness here and there , which pretty much continues in ep . 
  3 up until the point of no return . 
  he resented evil in himself during entire war ( watch tcw ) , sometimes more and sometimes less successfuly . 
  his attack on windu was very in the heat of the moment , but seconds after he realised that there is no way he can go back at that point . 
  that added to his internal belief that order is very corrupted ( and it actually was , yoda admitted that himself in rebels ) ... pretty much the only way he can continue is the dark path . 
  there was development for his character , he was continually slipping more towards darkness during the war , he was continually lured to it by palpatine and he continually accepted the idea of system 's corruption that needs hardfixing . 
  the stuff that happened so fast in rots is just because he was past the turning point . 
  every character has it 's turning points . 
  prequels are n't perfect , but in this case the problem more lies in your utter ignorance . 
  all that with damaged frontwing . 
  if latest race weekends are anything to go by ... not really . 
  damn i ca n't see how some people can defend kmag 's behavior there . 
  yes , vettel is bitching again , but heaven forbid he was n't happy that a guy who was n't even on hotlap started blocking him like an ass just for lols . 
  that 's some f1 online racing shitty behavior - probably why some think it 's absolutely fine , huh ... 
  had this not been fan favorite kmag , but gutierrez once again , the reaction would be very different . 
  before i continue , let me get this straight - i acknowledge that vettel pretty much caused most of that first corner shitstorm . 
  now that this is out of our way ... 
  great drive from lewis , alonso , ricciardo . 
  very glad that kmag made it out , that was horrible shunt . 
  rosberg on point too , even though he did n't have much competition . 
  and now that this is out of our way ... 
  does verstappen have to kill somebody on the track before they start punishing him ? 
  seriously , pushing people off the track , weaving and making last second direction changes like shit happens ... fuck him . 
  i do n't care if his mad moves are technically within the rules , no matter how `` technically '' you put it , his driving is straight up dangerous . 
  they need to put him in his place before something bad happens . 
  all this madness around freaking halo and stuff , yet they allow for such racing standards . 
  well deserved no points finish . 
  haha , okay . 
  look ... he 's a great fast driver , with some work and proper car he could achieve alot . 
  but holy fucking shit he needs to be properly bitchslapped . 
  allowing him to pull this shit with no penalties will sooner or later cause something stewards are going to regret horribly . 
  he 's everything we hated on maldonado for so long , just much faster . 
  this sub 's effect on general opinions of what is good or bad is pretty minor compared to what mainstream media do . 
  they are pretty consistent at allowing verstappen shitty moves . 
  i mean, 
  actual penalty is a bit of a stretch at this point so i 'm keeping this question somewhat realistic, 
   i would rather drive them off the track . 
  i 'd sort of accept rest of what he said , that 's just standard ego stuff ... but this is exactly why people are so mad at him right now . 
  ooh boy and i though that hamilton and vettel had `` untouchable syndrome '' back in their earlier days . 
  this kiddo takes it to whole new level . 
  this sudden fame and praise got into his head too much . 
  just like alonso 's crash in melbourne , this is once again a great example of how safe these cars are . 
  for a split second before he started moving i though that he 's in serious trouble . 
  also btw - i liked how hamilton immediately asked if the driver is okay . 
  that 's the right spirit . 
  which makes it even more impressive . 
  [ alonso in spain few years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzj9v78tbpe ) should be up there as well . 
  he worked as a director if i recall correctly . 
  watch interview with him that 's on star wars official youtube channel , he 's a cool guy , he talks about how he got into lucasfilm , mentions some work on avatar , discusses production of star wars series and much more . 
  great interview with a guy who essentialy kept star wars alive between rots and tfa ... and heavily influenced new canon . 
  to add to that , verstappen last year claimed that vettel is one his big inspirations for f1 success . 
  once he cools down he might actually listen to him . 
  i 'd like to be a fly on a wall during this conversation . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pjd5zofe9e ), 
  yeah how did this culture work out for ferrari last time around , right ? 
  screw this guy , he 's pulling the same shit that which got the guy before him kicked out . 
  even if so , that 's not really relevant ... it 's just about what kind of stuff can happen when you ram into somebody from behind . 
  which certainly was the case a few times with max . 
  yeah . 
  the irony , hah ... 
  but your point stands . 
  thing is - he eventually got over this crashkid period , so he could tell him a thing or two how he did it . 
  he drove into him because he did n't expect kimi to have next to zero space there due to divebombing verstappen . 
  either way he admitted that he should have left more space , so chill out . 
  second , even more important point - first corner stuff was pretty much an accident . 
  what verstappen did later on in the race was 100 % intentional every single time . 
  there 's a difference and if you struggle to see it then -20 is pretty fair . 
  you might be pointing out reality , but you 're seriously lacking some context to it . 
  that 's proper titlegore right there . 
   according to turrini , vettel agreed and apologized .
