  i tried to search too and could n't find anything . 
  thanks for link to small jb !, 
  `` hey , you ! '', 
  ... `` yes , you there ! '', 
  how do you spell that special i ? 
  just as usual ? 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , i meant ... how do you pronounce that \u00ef . 
  sorry , guess i was tired a bit . 
  umm , since you 're talking about simulation , that top class formula car in pcars is n't that good handling-wise . 
  the game does much better with other series imo . 
  or at least that was the case early after the launch - i played the game at friends and it did n't catch me . 
  maybe they updated formula handing ( ? ), 
  since . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  so many times = every single race start when you qualified outside of pole , right ? 
  not if you want singleplayer experience . 
  the power of dreams \u2122, 
  did n't some dev confirm it there about a half year ago , that the game has this issue in the engine that if the game runs for too long , it just eats too much ram and it is advised to restart your game before you go to intensive battles like tequatly ? 
  i ca n't find it now as it 's been quite some while ago , but i definitely think you might be encountering that issue . 
  i do n't have very long playing sessions lately so i probably did n't even have chance to encounter this bug . 
  or ... well ... 
  i hate to be that guy , but i have to ask - are you sure your cpu or gpu is n't throttling ? 
  because that might cause brutal fps drop and sound lag too ( it did to me before ) . 
  that 's also the time during which `` the photo '' was taken iirc . 
  is it that narrow ? 
  i remember driving on that circuit in f3 or something in some game and it was really fun , but obviously i do n't have much knowledge about the real circuit . 
  anyways , you still have the main straight and that shorter straight after that loooong first turn - two drs zones ready to deploy . 
  i honestly do n't like melbourne track - i think it 's not that bad as a whole but it usually provides absolutely dull races , which puts me off it . 
  the amount of overtaking would be near zero without drs zones . 
  it 's not even somewhat spectacular - this might sound like blasphemy , but abu dhabi at least has this exotic spectacle with that bigass hotel , bay , etc. 
  melbourne is just meh both in atmosphere and racing itself . 
  also every motorsport fan kind of does . 
  what would be the point otherwise . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvolbuyi0ye ) is one of my favorites - i mean , not the part when they question fernando , but the later part when seb kind of saves the day and fernando asks him to stay ( 1:20 ) . 
  yeah , he 's perfect cringemachine . 
  `` return of the king '' hype was real back before 2010 season . 
  shame it did n't work out that well , but to me , personally , it still felt worth the return - schumi regained more of a human being image after being hated by half fans and loved by the other half at the end of his legendary stint . 
  there must be a reason why she 's his ex , right ? 
  just kidding ... maybe ... 
   because next years ferrari will be pretty good , as good as a merc i think . 
  based on what ? 
  to me it sounds more like sweet dreaming . 
  is android like ... your primary gaming platform ? 
  just wondering . 
  i 'm more concerned what will trolls like you do after he retires . 
  susie wolff in a mercedes would still be stronger combo than manor + anybody combo . 
  first i wanted to say jord\u00e1 , but then i realised she was 17 second off the pace in spec series ... so yeah , she 's probably the only f1 `` driver '' ( she is , officialy at least ) who would lose to manor in a merc . 
  i think he was okay , but nowhere near br\u00fchl 's performance . 
  well , back in those days regular road could fall under what is currently considered off road . 
  spa last year . 
  gp3 i think , or renault 3.5 , not sure now . 
  did you talk or was it just fast `` can i take a photo '' type of chat ? 
  so vettel all the time . 
  real question then : do we really want to see nico 's champagne face in header every week ? 
  fyi f1 never was high overtaking motorsport discipline . 
  people really should think of that . 
  also comparing motorbike to a car ... just ... nevermind . 
  edit : oh , okay . 
  i see the downvoting - i did n't really back my comment did n't i. 
  here 's simple [ proof ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/2charb/the_number_of_overtakes_between_1981_and_2014/ ) of my claims . 
  overtaking in the past was mostly due to technical failures etc. , but even then , or during very popular 90s , f1 did n't have * that many * overtaking action . 
  it 's just a myth . 
  first week of my winter semester . 
  last night was the first night i went to bed sober since sunday . 
  how are you guys ? 
  vettel never was . 
  by the time the vettel hate train left the station there were about 90 % of f1 fans aboard . 
  yes , i 'm pulling those numbers straight out of my ass , but you do n't see people booing lewis all the time - and even though some people here despise him with passion , he 's still by far the most popular f1 driver amongst masses ( social media , average consumers , etc. ), 
  lewis is polarising in a way that your average person who follows him on social media is very likely to love him , but your average f1 fan probably wo n't care that much about all his bling and stuff that naturally comes with his lifestyle ( i 'm not hating on it right now - just saying in order to prevent crapstorm ) . 
  you really think mercedes needed him that much for those championships ? 
  rosberg would win it too . 
  at least in 2014 , we 'll see this year if he happens to be ahead of vettel at the end of the year . 
  no doubts he 's way better than rosberg , but he was n't the most important championship factor . 
  ha , i already forgot that . 
  that was the only time i blocked `` vettel '' keyword in my twitter app . 
  i like that even codemasters made their ai drivers crash in this spot more often than in others . 
  oh my god . 
  i always thought races like this one are a thing only in videogames . 
  very interesting question op . 
  i think it 's very likely as he would be taught by one of the best drivers of all time . 
  he would also have much more experience in his pocket . 
  so yeah , it 's still purely speculation and big `` what if '' , but my guess is that he would certainly be much better than he is now . 
  maybe not exactly multiple champion material , but good . 
  3rd place is pretty fixed too . 
  that makes it feel like 2013 . 
  let 's pretend it 's fifth position what matters most !, 
  racing it around the garden . 
  i mean ... what else would yo do with it . 
  i 'm also all for it if that means we are going to get more variable car designs . 
  right now it really feels kind of the same if you exclude fron wings and some little details . 
  i 'm not / u/kmagdrivetrainer but i 'm ( junior ) mobile dev too - focused mostly on android , but also tried some ios stuff . 
  most of that was n't using native languages of these platforms as i used c # and xamarin platform combo , but it still kind of made me realise that there is no such thing as perfect os . 
  from ( power ) user 's perspective i always liked android more as it gives me more freedom to customize , tweak and in general change user experience to my liking . 
  but on the other hand , with the way android is designed and provided to device manufacturers , it 's sometimes pretty annoying to optimise app for every single device . 
  and i 'm not even talking about ui on different screen sizes , there are quite good workarounds in these days for that . 
  the real meat comes when you encounter that manufacturer gave some essential os feature it 's own spin - simple example might be different clock app from the one that is default in android . 
  it does n't happen often , but at one point samsung for example completely ignored absolutely standard os call for setting up alarm outside of the app . 
  pretty annoying , huh . 
  you can make your own alarm in your app though , so that 's somewhat fine . 
  much worse thing was when my app that uses text to speech component did n't work the way it did on virtual machine , because my lg phone has pre-installed lg 's own tts system , that was n't even very stable .
