  the only thing you 're right about is that defender is very barebone compared to other bloatware . 
  that 's a feature at most though . 
  it 's not 2002 anymore , we do n't need 60 % of ram , hdd and cpu being used by some pointless scanner . 
  but hey , it 's your pc , if you do n't mind using bloatware from the past , good for you . 
  lol at all these commercialy-brainwashed people thinking how their computer will blow up if they uninstall bloaty antiviruses . 
  good effort op . 
  still better than f14t though . 
  it was n't just him though . 
  ferrari as a whole needed quite a big refreshment . 
  rob kubica , certainly . 
  maybe not the same kind of `` what if '' like kimi or felipe , but still ... a big `` what if '' . 
  i 'm still sad about it . 
  woah silly season this year is so crazy . 
  i 've heard that vettel might be replacing him at ferrari !, 
  renault might find lack of cooling disturbing . 
  oh come on , she 's one of the better female drivers , but crap like this wo n't help her in any way . 
  she 's good , just no f1-level good . 
  any sponsor with some cash would go mad after backing actually good female driver to provide her f1 seat ... it would be fantastic pr bomb . 
  there 's simply none with required skillset . 
  seems like 2011 indeed , second gif definitely makes the half scale shine more . 
  very interesting stuff . 
  wonder what they do with these models once they are done with them . 
  i would love to put some on my wall . 
  because there are no real restrictions regarding aero development * and upgrading except testing being reduced to few events per year . 
  teams are more free to develop aero over time , which is n't really true with token system - they can develop , just not as much . 
  \\* not counting in standard aero rules of course, 
  well , you would n't expect him to say otherwise ... we 'll see . 
  i will call it a good one if they can finish on points regularly from now on . 
  painted in red , to remind him of certain team he left . 
  but seriously , i like it , definitely would n't mind this civic - maybe minus the spoiler as it really seems a bit douchey for a road car ( he wo n't drive it anyways ) . 
  honda as of late seems like it 's back in bussiness . 
  nice cars , return to f1 ... 
  i 'll be nice and wo n't shout how this already should 've been in the game . 
  i 'll be nice and wo n't say that this person is doing your job . 
  you know , maybe you just did n't think of this , or did n't want this . 
  either way , hire this person pronto . 
  thanks . 
   so we might see a lot of random starts and it wo n't necessarily be the driver 's fault, 
  and that 's essentialy what bothers me most . 
  i do n't mind more emphasis on driver 's skill at starts and during the whole race , but with this change car 's behavior at the start will be out of driver 's control , and that sucks . 
  it 's like starting in older racing games in which it was 50-50 if you take off okay or just burn your tyres no matter the amount of throttle you use . 
  i did n't know about that - i just thought they added spoiler to it because it 's a promo car for their famous race driver . 
  my bad . 
  that was reliability focused upgrade imo . 
  they improved in those regards . 
  or williams . 
  in other news :, 
  sky is blue . 
  it 's good to be back . 
  wow , that 's one interesting find . 
  i for one use throttlestop to set my cpu frequency a bit lower in order to avoid throttling after few minutes of non-stop turboboosted 3,2 ghz , and the way i used it was to decrease clock modulations instead of multiplier . 
  game ran like crap in most scenarios ( dungeons are smoothest ) , but at least it did n't throttle to ultra-crap . 
  decreasing multiplier a bit more and stay on base frequency sounds like nice find , definitely gon na try it . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : aaaaand yes , it did help quite a lot !, 
  20 fps more stable during tequatl fight . 
  i love you . 
  i do n't have money to buy you reddit gold so i 'll give you some tyrian gold instead . 
  i do n't understand . 
  how can she do that to his paddock entrance pass ? 
  i thought that 's fia 's competence ? 
  anyways , if that 's true ... damn it , monisha , ... 
  2004 by far . 
  nope . 
  i loved 2014 . 
  the racing behind vettel was pretty decent though . 
  how was 2014 so shit ? 
  there was pretty tight championship battle until the very end , very tense drama between leading drivers , some of the finest overtaking and battles of recent years , farily tight battle between the teams behind mercedes , bahrain 2014 is worth mentioning by it 's own , ... i could go on . 
  you have your opinion , i accept that , i would just like to hear why do you think it was so bad . 
  2014 was my favorite season since 2010 , and that 's even counting in that mental 2012 finale . 
   after he wins the 2016 wdc , ferrari keeps vettel, 
  haha , what . 
  that 's a whole new level of dreaming . 
  edit : ah , actually ... the more i read it the more i think you 're not serious . 
  good one . 
  90000 subs and 900th gp for ferrari . 
  i do n't think so . 
  that 's perfect . 
  haha , he probably got used to pedal to the metal style lately with the way it ran . 
  sauber *, 
  you work in something related to f1 or boss is just a big fan ? 
  sup guys . 
  ot : his accent is real challenge for those who are n't native speakers . 
  i always have to replay parts with him . 
  i did n't downvote as his opinion adds something to the discussion . 
  but i have to say it 's utter bullshit to say that they should leave f1 . 
  williams has been doing worse for longer time and nobody crucified them out of the sport . 
  first some people bitch how red bull is moaning over potential leaving of f1 and then other people ( maybe the same ? ), 
  come up with crazy ideas like this . 
  just no . 
  you wo n't be an f1 champion with this attitude , they need to stay in and try again . 
  and again . 
  and again . 
  and once , their time will come again . 
  maybe not next year , maybe not in two years , maybe not in next 5 years . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's better than never , because that 's what would happen if they left the sport . 
  god damn , i got overly emotional over this , guess i like mclaren in my own way ... 
   if i was in charge of mclaren, 
  you are n't . 
  you 'll never be .
