  capes or riot . 
  even as sebastian 's fan i tend to believe this is just him doing great pr/repairing his reputation after last few years ( although mark was no saint either ) . 
  even rosberg & hamilton were cool couple ... last year . 
  you act like wp is earning milions with each of his videos . 
  damn , most of this stuff was really cool . 
  there are megaservers , which means all eu/us worlds are pretty much same server when it comes to pve ( wvw is what makes the difference ), 
  this is probably the most friendly group-play game , you do n't need to party up with people that often tho ( compared to classic mmos ) , which is n't problem after all - loot tables generate separately for each player , and you get experience even if you did n't start the fight, 
  leveling for the first time is best leveling experience i 've ever had in an mmo , and playing it together with somebody else makes it even better ... 
  i leveld up my first 80 with friends and it was great, 
  i 'm not sure what 's more epic - if the game itself , or colin 's smile . 
  two years of fun , thanks anet !, 
  maybe a bit better downforce though . 
  webber was n't obeying team orders properly either . 
  for example he tried to overtake him in britain , though it was against team order not to ... a year before malaysia happened . 
  the only difference is , that webber failed and could n't make the pass , so nobody actually noticed . 
  and 1000 points of awesome . 
  god this would be great opportunity for trolling . 
  nice changes , but nothing very interesting for people who play since launch . 
  god , game has been out for 2 years ( happy launchday to you ! ) ... 
  and you introduce stuff for potential new players ? 
  i think you should reconsider what are you focusing on , seriously . 
  i love your game , but this stuff is just ... not for people who already have most professions on 80 . 
  i hope that next week brings some meaty stuff to the table for experienced players . 
  crazy rng can make you mad no matter what history is behind it ... imo . 
  re-creating characters for keyfarming seems a bit like broken game mechanic , although i did keyfarm too . 
  my point is - i have no problem with keyfarming nerf , if they provide another source of keys in the game . 
  adding them into dungeon/fractals/tequila / pvp reward/etc . 
  loot-tables with somewhat reasonable chance and daily drop amount lock would make me more satisfied than current state does . 
  it 's kinda annoying to keep one character slot free just because of this weird farming thing . 
  i 'm probably very naive about adding more blc key drop source , but hey - i can dream . 
  i 'm not going to hype up this time . 
  i 'm just glad they ( basically ) admit this week was n't really that good for veterans and hope they have something better in store . 
  marko is n't rb 's or rbr 's boss though . 
  he never was . 
  say what you want about maldonado ( i say it too ) , but his lady is the best of all current f1 gurls . 
  honestly , what did you expect ? 
  or what would you do ? 
  i ca n't come up with any reasonable way to punish a driver , yet not punish the team at the same time . 
  because we want stuff to get better ? 
  is it such a big deal to swallow the fact not everybody thinks gw2 is absolutely and godlikely perfect ? 
  people here love that game , that 's why they even bother talking about it for hours - yet they are free to express their dissatisfaction . 
  especially if they are paying for gem store content . 
  if you consider gw2 to be perfect , then good for you , but shut up . 
  `` some of these folks '' realize that game development is n't free and it 's been paid by gem store purchases . 
  yep, 
  omg it 's your cake day !, 
  happy birthday and thanks alot for all your work !, 
  illuminati crap - yes . 
  making fun of it - never . 
  do n't forget trademark !, 
  i was expecting penalty during the race , but next race ban ? 
  holy crap , no ... 
  today i realized that teq did n't reset for me ... so we 're on the same boat !, 
  i love those fan footages from races . 
  high framerate tv cam 's make cars looks way slower than they actually are . 
  awesome to see the acceleration and braking speed . 
  i believe we should see somewhat great top speeds at monza this year . 
  not likely to break records , yet pretty darn fast . 
  ot : geeky joke about famous game series , which has overgrown into internet meme . 
  it basically is used whenever there is some kind of crazy speculation going on . 
  he got it for one incident , not for doing bad moves all the time . 
  we get it , you love lewis by all your heart . 
  but seriously , op underrated lewis alot , you on the other hand , overrate him way too much . 
  btw , the reason behind why he 's most talked driver in the paddock is that he talks alot . 
  they used their gear ratio joker before spa . 
   i would 've said the same thing if it were the other way round , btw . 
  i like that attitude , yet i still have to disagree . 
  you do n't ban your driver for doing a ( no matter how bad ) mistake , you just do n't , it 's stupid way to lose many points and it could even make ricciardo 's drive for title way more possible . 
  especially considering reliability issues they have from time to time . 
  download a ddos program , put in address ... hur dur im such hackzor skillzor . 
  seriously , i hate these so called `` hackers '' , it has nothing to do with actual hacking , yet they think how badass they are . 
  good that they got caught . 
  this post would have had much more views if it was named `` me with colin johanson '' . 
  great catch tho . 
  i find it hard to enjoy this , when music is so loud . 
  looking forward to upcoming videos with fixed sound levels tho . 
  keep it going . 
  are you really that stupid ? 
  like ... that stupid ? 
  and it 's worth noting that `` puzzle '' is still the hardest part of whole path in terms of try/fail ratio . 
  every single youtube gw2 content creator is great for the community . 
  looking forward to more stuff & subscribed . 
  who is he fighting anyways ? 
  2001 to 2005 were still pretty good ( decent at least ) compared to 2013/14 . 
  `` logan no , you 've been f *** ing centaurs for too long . '', 
  kills me every single time . 
  oh yeah , i really believed that , at least before season actually started . 
  just for the sentiment of `` old king returing to throne '' ... it would 've been awesome . 
  reality striked hard . 
  remember how so many people were like `` oh god , red bull hired ricciardo just because vettel was scared of kimi , now vettel is going to wipe his a ** with that poor boy . '', 
  yeah ... times have changed alot . 
  he definitely wanted to prove his point . 
  ~ ~ daily ~ ~ weekly reviver : checked, 
  yep , bad lagging in eu for some reason . 
  got a few dc 's today although my internet works perfectly fine . 
  if ron dennis has done it , everybody else must too . 
   06 v8 's for some reason sounded better than the late 2013 ones, 
  blown diffusers , i guess ? 
  yep , that will most likely be it . 
  [ indeed ] ( http://cdn.tempi.it/wp-content/uploads/old_post/addio-marco-simoncelli-jpg-crop_display.jpg ) :(,
