  step 1 : does he wear toyota shirt ? 
  i would n't mind another pt era movie tbh . 
  i mean , what about that business on cato nemoidia ... 
  that 's what happens when ferrari hype train actually delivers . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  this is after his 2003 wdc . 
   maybe he forgot to put them in order . 
  you 're right , people need to chill out ... but seriously ( no offense meant towards op ) , how does one forget to put them in order . 
  seriously though , if you 're at least a bit of a gamer , play original kotor ( sequel is good too ) . 
  easily one of the best games of all time . 
  current vibe is that f1 needs to simplify it 's rules to be more approachable for fans . 
  this is everything but that op . 
  he used to be a mercedes fan but after all he really hates sand . 
  yeah , he was really well done . 
  on mustafar 19 bby . 
  seriously though , this could have happened to anyone . 
  even grosjean was pretty damn lucky to avoid that wall . 
  that stroll 's lap actually really impressed me . 
  good job kid . 
   tenth and a half away is pretty good for * only his 2nd merc qually *, 
  i do n't really get this to be honest . 
  quite few people seemingly talk that his inexperience with mercedes is an disadvantage , yet i somehow fail to see how so ... he 's been in f1 for years now and tested shitton of km during testing . 
  during new regulations , so it was clean sheet for hamilton as well . 
  i mean , he 's stacked against freaking hamilton , being this close to him alone is pretty solid performance , i just do n't think his gap to him should be conistently excused by being new to the team . 
  hamilton simply is better . 
  hamilton top class as usual . 
  i feel like vettel should have been a bit faster , he did n't improve as much in the first part of the track ( i think he even lost a bit , right ? ) . 
  should be pretty daaaamn close in race once again . 
  i did n't believe in the hype before australia , now i do . 
  let 's do this boiiiiiis . 
  nice bonus is that we have verstappen pushing from the back , that alone should provide enough entertainment . 
  indeed . 
  his skill and talent is very admirable . 
  hopefuly ferrari will need one table for that sweet trophy as well though . 
   god i hate brundle so fucking much . 
  you might need to chill the fuck out a bit mate , especially if you mean it literally . 
  there are way worse than brundle 's occasional fanboying moments and even then , hating him for his fandom for his nation 's top star driver ? 
  come on now . 
  i 'm all for memes and poking jokes at sky at times , but hating ? 
  search your feelings , you know you want it anyways . 
  you need the best team , not just a set of best individuals . 
  seriously , this probably would n't work . 
  it was at that moment , when / u/starwatto knew , he creamed his pants . 
  call me biased all you want , but today we had two dotds . 
  both verstappen and vettel were top class . 
  this right there was good old-school racing , cars following each other for a long time , waiting for that one moment , and then executing some majestic overtakes . 
  at this point we do n't even need to get rid of drs. 
  fuck i love new f1 . 
  apart from weird start seb recovered really well from such unlucky condition with sc and ferrari for some reason not telling kimi to get out of the way - say what you want , that was just pure bad strategy call . 
  max had brutal opening laps and that final battle with daniel was great as well . 
  most underwhelming performance goes to both finns tbh , especially bottas . 
  that mistake was pretty unlucky , i get it , but as of now every point counts , mercedes wo n't be happy with that . 
  mclaren is still shit , not much there to comment . 
  kimi also seemingly talked about some torque issues now that i think of it . 
  yeah , i might have been a bit hard on him . 
  great race . 
  nico still gaining some psychological advantage despite not racing at all . 
  in spain 2016 he was really close to it when playing ping-pong with vettel . 
  other than that i ca n't really remember anything , so i guess not . 
  i mean , if you 're talking purely crashes that also involved other cars ... as he obviously crashed out in quali in australia . 
  ah , right . 
  yeah , that was one hell of a messy race . 
  they better not miss the opportunity and just tell them that they were having a shit . 
  eh , he was leading the championship first , same principle as with qualifying . 
  when you set same time , the one who did it first gets the better spot . 
  also , you have to keep that ferrari hype alive as there 's nobody else to challenge merc . 
  not that it really matters , but i personally do n't have any problem with it . 
  oh of course , it was very fun race . 
  inconsistent ? 
  his last major fuckup was in monaco 2016 , that 's quite a while . 
  i 'll put it this way : raikkonen gets close or slightly ahead of vettel only on vettel 's worst days . 
  ah , damn what is up with my memory today . 
  that stuff at us gp was n't even a rookie mistake , that was just pure definition brain fart heh . 
  i would n't believe you had it not actually happened to me as well . 
  i do n't get it but one night at her place i just had a blackout and could n't come up with it . 
  thanksfuly situation did n't actually reveal this in front of her . 
  although in my defense we were only in second month of relationship . 
  harooo . 
  this is pure / r/f1porn material . 
  or at least follow it up with something that 's more telling that just stating `` eli5 '' . 
  more like a speculation and some basic observations , but ferrari seemingly has better tyre management , works better with harder compounds and is generally better in race pace than in single lap quali push ( it 's been that way for years ) . 
  some also speculate that their car is more stable than mercedes , so it should be a bit heavier on downforce terms . 
  that 's really about it , i guess . 
  maybe somebody with more technical insight can tell you more . 
  well ... vettel 's start actually seemed pretty alternative . 
  somebody quoted it in post-race thread , there 's actually a loophole that he abused with this position . 
  there 's nothing that says how exactly he should position , it just says that he needs to be in his grid spot , which he technically still was . 
  we 're likely going to get a rule clarification or they will tell seb not to try it again during next driver briefing . 
  otherwise grid is soon going to look like mess if everybody starts doing this . 
  can i place a bet somewhere on mclaren `` winning '' worst team all season long ? 
  there really are no brakes at this point . 
  not a bad final stint though ... for number two driver . 
  anybody got weather predictions for bahrain gp ? 
  i heard there might be some rain coming . 
  [ we need something like this , just in f1 cars . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdkk8a4jhz8 ), 
  that clone wars shoulderplate though . 
  i really want this movie . 
  good job op . 
  as long as you live in area where it supports your lte bands that is .
