  i really doubt some average joe who knows next to zero stuff about f1 will be able to tell drivers apart just based on their helmets . 
  android going for desktop . 
  my bet . 
  good luck explaining that to that ass above you mr. arrivabene . 
  i 'm slowly starting to think that rebels might in fact be just as good or even better than the clone wars . 
  last few episodes including this one were simply amazing in every way possible , from story , characters , visuals , everything ... 
  i just wish they went for 40 minute episodes every time , maybe even at expense of having less episodes per season . 
  she reminds me of that [ soviet lady ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/indianajones/images/c/c2/spalko2.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20080513183728 ) from indiana jones 4 . 
  now that i think of it , there 's no way pryce 's look was n't inspired by her . 
  let us know if you actually get that job . 
  also , switch your flair if you do !, 
  i imagine when driver needs to absolutely focus on his performance , it 's better to show them info on pitboard rather than talking to them over radio . 
  though it should mostly be used for optional info as driver can overlook it or ignore it on purpose . 
  yeah . 
  there are many plausible criticisms of seb , but there 's no way anybody can deny him being hard working . 
  if regulations were n't this tight he 'd be like schumi . 
  ferrari was pretty ready this year as well ... 
  uh ... what kind of team boss would that be if he was against one of his drivers ? 
  come on . 
  i do n't agree with christian , but i do n't expect him to say anything else either . 
  got ta keep team morale up . 
  that includes your ( cocky ) driver . 
  their fan approach is top notch as well . 
  they put out so much stuff i 'm even at the point when i do n't care about all of it . 
  sure , fanboost is still a gimmick and always will be , but they are doing really great stuff when approaching fans . 
  like that time when some teenager got a chance to race against fe drivers in sim on livestream cause he qualified with best time or something . 
  not to mention crazy cheap tickets , etc. , etc. 
  as for pure racing , there are still things that need to improve once technology allows it , but they are working great with what they are given . 
  yeah , i 'm not even wanting him to share random private life shit , which probably is also why he does n't want to do any of this stuff ... just some random banter and behind the scenes stuff when he 's working would be more than sufficient . 
  especially random banter . 
  he 's the youngest driver to have the same number of twitter followers as the youngest driver who has the same number of twitter followers . 
  ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ sounded ^ ^ ^ better ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ head , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ swear . 
  that look in the end is so boss . 
  i 'm sad that sub is n't a thing . 
  if he keeps singapore performance up for the rest of the season there might be some hope for him . 
  meanwhile most f1 fans lose their shit when driver ( compared to this pretty mildly ) swears about backmarker not obeying blue flags . 
  well ... you 're on fantasy/scifi subreddit ... so good for you !, 
  tcw , rebels . 
  i get what you mean , we do n't have live action series , but still . 
  we have series , pretty good ones too . 
  [ here is the deleted scene everybody is talking about . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobatbetr28 ), 
  iirc it 's part of anti-cheese edit of aotc , which i find a bit odd given the point these fan cuts are trying to make , but whatever . 
  i 'm not hating on it . 
  life is sad though . 
  at times . 
  i 'd actually wear socks and sandals had it not been for people constantly judging me for it . 
  i never understood problem with that . 
  my feet look rough and ugly and i do n't feel comfortable just exposing them `` in the wild '' . 
  so instead i 'm wearing shoes all year no matter how hot it is so that some people do n't get anxious just because of what i want to wear . 
  rough translation : suka blyat rush b. 
  i was expecting that to happen after seeing first part of that video . 
  still hit me strong . 
  i love it , and i like the idea behind it ... but i think it 's shot in kind off a messy way . 
  he upshifts and car immediately revs up like if he downshifted ? 
  many shot changes just kill effect of any speed and wtf is up with seb 's hair . 
  idea was great but it could have been way better executed . 
  in that final shot he looked like young jeremy clarkson to me . 
  a guy with a penis ? 
  what a shocker !, 
  always easier to go up when your starting position is literally zero . 
  maybe even some negative figures given their performance last year . 
  they better be glad if they are fourth fastest team next year . 
  you might want to check out this sub by the end of 2014 . 
  heck i might be guilty for that as well as far as i can remember . 
  for starters . 
  not to mention ron dennis hyping it up as well ... people make fun of this year 's ferrari disappointment , but nothing in recent history matches glorious fuckup that was mclaren honda 2015 season . 
  but yeah . 
  one day they might dominate the sport again . 
  so might ferrari or williams though . 
  to add to that some people including myself joked about verstappen being promoted immediately to rbr back when kvyat was in his torpedo form . 
  it was nothing but a dumb ( and slightly salty from my side at least ) joke/speculation . 
  well ... dr. marko for sure hates jokes . 
  preferences aside for all of these drivers listed it should be a no-brainer . 
  ricciardo or verstappen are n't going anywhere in near future so unless sainz wants to be yet another rb junior ... williams has less potential for future championships than renault , and force india is probably at it 's constructor 's championship peak this year . 
  really should have been that way since ever . 
  rosberg seemingly took reverse approach . 
  try to push like crazy in first lap and then play it cool in second lap lol . 
  i 'm just sad to see rbr ahead of ferrari tbh . 
  that 's all i can say about this quali . 
  hopefuly rain/clutches/torpedo mixes stuff up tomorrow . 
  clutch strikes again at merc and max . 
  riccardo wins with ferrari double podium behind him . 
  i 'm sorry but i ca n't really focus on anything from this episode as i am now so freaking hyped about kenobi . 
  bruh ... 
  i do n't care if it 's fan service in eyes of some . 
  it 's kenobi . 
  i can do just fine with every kenobi fan service . 
  one final encounter would be great . 
  spoilers for other series m8 . 
  there are rules for that . 
  anyways , congratulations to mawson . 
  and what happened 4 years later ? 
  could n't pass petrov . 
  see ? 
  i can play this game as well . 
  jesus how can people be this salty 10 freaking years after ... 
  what the fuck was that vettel . 
  you ca n't run around waving hands like mad when people torpedo shit and then do the same . 
  this is n't the 4 times world champion i want to support .
