  overall i 'd honestly say this was the weakest episode so far but that 's not really meant as an insult given how good rest of the season was - i still enjoyed it . 
  i like that we are finally receiving some more stuff about sabine as she definitely is the most underdeveloped character on the show right now . 
  i just kinda think they missed the opportunity to hurt sabine at least a bit in order to force ezra go batshit dark once again ( especially given that kanan was n't there with him ) . 
  do n't judge me , i just like the way he destroyed those troopers in the first episode . 
   i hope she 's ever gon na show those things, 
  ftfy, 
  you have high expectations for 4chan m8 . 
  they are n't blowing it up this time around though . 
  i 've never been more ready . 
  it 's not tfa kind of hype , but i am already counting days nevertheless . 
  my friend . 
  savage revenge, 
  crofty, 
  down to you ted, 
  offseason is two races away, 
  omg im so looking forward to it so i can finally catch up on nascar where real racing happens, 
  here i go again !, 
  less aero based grip . 
  more mechanical grip . 
  that 's really just it . 
  star wars celebration this year . 
  on rebels panel obviously . 
  amazing how much onboard camera quality improved during last 8 years . 
  yes . 
  already confirmed some time ago on their official blog . 
  that look the fom/fia ( ? ), 
  guy standing next to drivers gave says it all . 
  like `` wtf man '' . 
  fuck those who get offended by beeped swearing . 
  you really think their car designers and engineers are those who take care of such legal stuff ? 
  on hamilton 's steering wheel . 
  it 's not like i do n't want hamilton to win . 
  i just want rosberg to win more . 
  i mean , i am not straight up fan of either of them , and i like me some variet + i would definitely love to see that shitstorm on social media . 
  i once checked my old facebook posts . 
  i was so ashamed that i rather just created new account . 
  looks very agile this way , less bulky and unmotorically heavy . 
  i could even imagine him doing some of those super speed moves as described in new canon books , or heck , with a bit more fantasy even some more prequel-esque moves . 
  i really like this . 
  cape really serves no real purpose anyways , i would like if he used it just for formal stuff when commanding troops or such , but dropped it for battles . 
  you 're on wrong sub then . 
  i believe they are going to set the benchmark for anthology star wars movies so high now they might actually fall really bad with other two ... but screw that , that 's an issue for the future . 
  right now i am damn pumped . 
  come on now . 
  i enjoyed the podium as seb was there and do n't care much further on . 
  we lost to red bull anyways no matter if they ban seb from the race or whatever . 
  what 's the point of acting like this when you ca n't even gain anything anymore . 
  they are just embarassing themselves . 
  if you need top notch camera quality , cloudy . 
  overall i think latest cm13 is the best experience though . 
  very clean , very fast , no reboots . 
  once upon two months or so it starts to lag , but usually simple reflash ( ota update to newer build ) fixes that . 
  good experience ... and trust me , i am hardcore user . 
  not just some fella who flashes a rom and considers it stable because it does n't crash when reading sms . 
  it 's very fair to get one year drive for a team with which you have one year contract . 
  they do n't owe him shit . 
  i 'm all excited just focusing on mercedes and suddenly `` uwot kimi '' . 
  well played . 
  brazil better deliver on exciting race . 
  also , what 's up with ricciardo ? 
  all or nothing in abu dhabi it is then . 
  not to be rude but i never really understood that strong hype around gilles villeneuve . 
  sure , he was fast and died too young , but that alone should n't promote him into all time greats list . 
  what makes you so excited about him ? 
  i dare to say most drivers you listed behind him deserve to be higher than him in that list . 
  just my opinion though . 
  11/10 logic right there . 
  just caught up on the race . 
  holy shit that was emotional ... 
  i salute to you , that was something . 
  more like whole uk declares war to germany . 
  honestly the only thing i can see going wrong for rosberg right now is potential car failure or some other driver going batshit crazy in first corner and using him as brake assist . 
  i dare to say it 's not even in his hands to lose it . 
  it 's up to other drivers or his car to screw him over . 
  it 's definitely because of his radio . 
  rebels take place very close to anh , she was n't much younger than she was in anh . 
  she already was part of the rebellion at that point . 
  it was very fine by me . 
  her being anywhere near han solo before they actually met is waaaaay bigger stretch . 
  god damn it disney . 
  not another death star movie . 
   and wet tires do n't even nearly wear off as much as normal tires do, 
  40 laps older are still 40 laps older . 
   black magic involving a virgin 's blood ( to obtain that , i use r/pcmasterrace ), 
  brutal . 
  verstappen 's drive was very solid , but come on now . 
  better than schumacher 's spanish 1996 drive ? 
  lol no . 
  not even fucking close . 
  dark side clouded his mind . 
  just as it did with the rest of the order . 
  it definitely has slight edge over the others . 
  considering how wild websites used to look back in the days , this is very solid stuff . 
  to give you an idea how good of a contractual/political negotiator ron is , look at mclaren 's amount of sponsors . 
  definitely worse option than bernie . 
  like him or not . 
  to add to that , i 'd probably not understand shit given his famous ronspeak . 
  no thanks . 
  f1 is corporate enough even without mr. corporate himself . 
  i do n't hate haas and i do n't love verstappen .
