  current hybrid power units - they brought great refreshment into the sport . 
  horner - people trashtalk him quite a lot , but he 's still the guy who brought midfielder to 4 years of winning both championships . 
  8/4 = 2 -  8/2 = 4 -  two 4s -  44, 
  guess it 's confirmed then . 
  he camouflaged himself very well though . 
  my impressions :, 
  - very poor performance by seb today , i expected much more . 
  i 'm diappointed he could n't even get past bottas . 
  - on the other hand , kimi was great , glad to see him back on podium !, 
  - i liked rosberg 's `` fck this , i 'm going through '' battle attitude , for the first time this season i took his pace seriously . 
  - seriously , renault ? 
  seriously ? 
  - mercedes as a whole seems to be losing their confidence , pit stop performance was subpar . 
  ferrari was close for real . 
  ot : imho she 's hottest f1 wag i 've ever seen . 
  just saying . 
  i 've seen this coming . 
  i 'm not much of a blonde guy tbh , she 's fine , but yeah ... \\ #teamminttu, 
  that must be because of his big balls . 
  definition of f1 in 4 words . 
  good point , i forgot about her ... she 's very nice . 
  even [ webbah approves ] ( http://im.rediff.com/sports/2013/aug/24formula1.jpg ) . 
   until he gets wdc, 
  sounds like good challenge for ferrari - make kimi smile . 
  i still do n't even get how fast i 've changed my perceiption of ferrari . 
  i knew i 'll be their fan this year because of their drivers ... but still ... even during first promo sessions with `` new crew '' i was like `` who 's that mafioso looking guy ? '' . 
  and it took him just 4 races to make me like ferrari way beyong just `` please do good against mercs '' , me - the guy who never really was into team championships . 
  i know arrivabene is pr mastermind , but damn who cares if it 's just a good act , i love it anyways . 
  how is that even possible when they push them into broadcast every single session ? 
  which , again ( since china ) , means that even honda has better non-failure rate . 
  no offense , but you 're looking way too much into it . 
  wind is quite important factor in f1 , because it can have effect on braking points etc. 
  decreased force of wind means he should be safe to brake later . 
  not much more in it imo . 
  if they wanted to give him coded message , they could use ... you know ... code . 
  you hear codes like `` stint +10 '' / `` multi21 '' / `` magic7 '' ( or what was it what they told hamilton and he had no idea wtf were they talking about ? 
  it was quite funny ... think it was in abu double ) all the time . 
  i 've never heard anybody use it irl , but it 's a thing on the internet ... for some reason . 
  i 'd be happy if my clio could make 300 kmh on straight . 
  did he ever in the race use drs ? 
  that could make the difference . 
  call me soft or something , but that part when he says all frustration left him when he saw his wife is quite touching . 
  hopefuly he will enjoy his time with vivian and come back in spain refreshed and ready to fight . 
  how come ? 
  even if he did beat the crap out of him , that does n't change the fact he won 4 wdcs when he was with webber in the team . 
  kimi beating vettel does n't mean webber was better in their days . 
  di resta is overrated . 
  he 's not even dominating or something ... 
  if kimi retires ... ricciardo is the best choice imo . 
  entire motorsport world tells him all the time , he just ignores it . 
  well i 've never been in paddock , but brundle and many other guys which know quite a bit about f1 rate him rather high too . 
  he may not be 11/10 best of the world ever , but he 's pretty damn solid and fast . 
  if it only was n't for his weight ... he should do well in wec . 
  i love it so much i ca n't even properly describe it . 
  it 's combination of passion for speed , technology , competition and drama around it . 
  what stands above everything else though - emotions . 
  michael crying after beating senna 's record , peter sauber 's tears of joy after p\u00e9rez got podium in canada ( i think it was canada ) , michael taking pole in monaco with mercedes , sebastian taking his first championship , or his first win with ferrari , rosberg saying `` i want to go to the end '' with broken car knowing that he lost championship , marussia and their first points in monaco , ... all these moments and many more are super strong and i love every single bit of them . 
  i did n't even realize that toro rosso is long-term speaking worst midfielder . 
  i thought sauber was doing even worse , but hey , nice surprise . 
  i did n't expect rosberg to be there too . 
  shows that he is n't as bad as some claim him to be . 
  btw , my inner ocd demon loves hamilton for his current quali stats . 
  66.6 % and 100-50 ... amazing . 
  he did , but schumi was past his prime when he returned to f1 . 
  i used to like red bull . 
  i used to . 
  sounds weird to me , kimi did n't really seem to enjoy his supportive alpha-hug . 
  but whatever helps them gain as many points as possible , i am happy with it !, 
  when they announced this change i thought it was once again just stupid way of trying to fix something that is n't broken . 
  but in the end ... damn , for once they were right , it looks great to me . 
  too much ? 
  maybe , but i still like it . 
  every team does that in the end . 
  and webber certainly did n't give many f 's about their pr staff . 
  also - props to arenanet , they really seem to be listening now . 
  so much stuff is going to be fixed in this game after ( even before in this case ) hot drops it 's absolutely amazing . 
  williams junior driver trying to fix williams pr debacle . 
  what a surprise . 
  let 's also not forget seb did n't start in f1 with top team ... although on the other hand it 's also fair to say he had more years in straight-up dominant car ... but that difference between the two will be equalised by the end of the season , considering this is lewises second season with no doubts dominant car , and rbr was superbly dominant in 2011 and 2013 ... 
  those were the best red bull days to me . 
  they had the money , and damn they knew how to spend them on fun stuff . 
  being a hardcore star wars fan myself , this made me super excited for them - too bad that race ended so crappy for rbr . 
  but hey , new star wars movie is coming !, 
  let vader do the podium interview . 
  * red bull pls *, 
  just current drivers . 
  as much as i am not really his fan , i 'll go and say first half of next season . 
  for the sake of mclaren . 
   they are by far the slowest back marker in f1 history, 
  haha , no . 
  there were much worse backmarkers . 
  you do n't even have to go very deep in history . 
  many times hrt did n't even make it to 107 % limit , manor reaches that limit . 
  it 's close , but they do . 
  \\ #shitvilleneuvesays, 
  damn i 'd love to see that asshole being lapped by all these cars and guys that he trash-talked all the time . 
  [ check this mate . 
  ] ( http://www.gt40s.com/forum/attachment.php?attachmentid=67998&amp;d=1381229243 ), 
  as non-native english speaker , it took me a moment to get it . 
  i laughed very laud afterwards .
