  renault on the other hand could be interested in switching kvyat for palmer in long-term . 
  does that matter somehow ? 
  they could , but they wo n't . 
  you people need to understand that official f1 game is made for mainstream masses , not for elite simracing minority . 
  and i 'm glad for it , if i wanted to drive full realism , i 'd simply go for rfactor . 
  it 's not gone , i have no idea what is he on about . 
  ca n't wait for edgy youtubers to shit on it while playing it all the time . 
  honestly , i just hope they fix some bugs , add a safety car and i 'm a happy man . 
  only time will tell !, 
  implying schumi would n't win it ? 
  that 's bold statement mate . 
  you have very good imagination , ever thought of writing a fantasy novel ? 
  how the hell did vettel `` chase him down jsut to give him the finger '' ? 
  he was just behind him so he gave him the finger . 
  also , are you seriously comparing ricciardo middlefingering kimi in goddamn practice session and vettel losing serious amount of time in race ? 
  both frustrating , yes , but on completely different levels . 
  call me a vettel vagabond all you want , but your comment is made up crap . 
  people would lose their shit in big style had it been lewis . 
  or even vettel still - it would be all of that `` honeymoon over , true seb is back '' * stuff * we 've seen after china . 
  but when it 's ricciardo it feels kinda like those kimsters defending kimi 's occasional bored-douche behavior with `` it 's classic finnish behavior '' argument . 
  to clarify i do n't even care if ricciardo middlefingers somebody or calls somebody a cunt , whether it is or is n't australian thing - he just got frustrated and vented it , it 's freaking normal , people do that in regular traffic just because they will get home 10 minutes later than usual , now imagine yourself in world class motorsport , of course you feel the pressure and sometimes you need to vent it . 
  what i do n't like is comments where people defend this behavior like something that 's actually cool and just part of his national identity ( or whatever ) . 
  this . 
  i do n't want to be one of those arguing that he crashed in the first place . 
  i can even somewhat understand what is ( from their point of view ) the problem that leads to this legal action ... ** but ** he was a racing driver in a car that goes up to 350 km/h , that by nature simply is a dangerous job and he definitely knew about the risks . 
  if anybody should be sued , it should be the person that allowed jcb on the track without red flag conditions . 
  certainly manor is n't at fault , even if technology ( supposedly ) failed - that 's part of the sport , it can happen . 
  i repeat myself , but this really feels like senna story all over again with all that legal action . 
  `` my pace . 
  you like it ? '', 
  [ for example this one  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwi3zw6nqhw ), 
  he left red bull year and a half ago mate . 
  hm , they also make betas now . 
  something tells me after that shitstorm last year they really took it to heart and now they actually try to deliver . 
  that did n't happen to me on f1 2012 while playing on my system . 
  you see , there are many variables that can make some bugs occur even though it perfectly works on my ( or codemaster 's ) rig . 
  and that 's why they do somewhat public beta ( for the first time in f1 games ) - that way they can catch many more system variables that can lead to certain unexpected behavior . 
  omg really ? 
  it will be so confusing i 'd rather not watch it at all !, 
  what a fucking disgrace , way to ruin the sport for me . 
  i 'm not sure what 's more awesome - that you got to meet bottas and handed him your art , or that you art is freaking amazing . 
  fantastic work , mad respect to you . 
  as much as i am not a fan of rose tinted nostalgic remembering of old f1 times , i have to admit , there is something about these cars that i do n't feel while watching present day footage . 
  even though i love current cars as well . 
   but we can not know for sure . 
  except we can buddy . 
  doctors would have told us if his head was crushed or something . 
  it was n't . 
  it was `` just '' that his brain could n't handle all the mad g-forces due to that brutal deccceleration , and crushed itself against the skull ( i 'm not a doctor but that 's my general understanding of what happened ) . 
  halo or canopy would have done nothing . 
  tragically enough he would have died even if he was in a lmp1 styled cockpit . 
  virtual safetycar could have prevented this from happening at all , and we have it now - it 's a good improvement . 
  the only realy issue that might still be addressed is why that jcb was on the track . 
  well red bull vs. ferrari battle seems to be much juicier than mercedes vs. themselves . 
  and historically speaking it was pretty juicy between rb and ferrari too . 
  just that this time i 'd be wearing red shirt instead of blue one haha . 
  that 's your problem . 
  let me guess . 
  you 're one of those who complains about prequels not being great and their story not being compelling , yet then you come up with comments like `` it 's not a documentary '' when somebody suggest a way of watching that provides very compelling story and makes prequels in general at least one level better . 
  it depends . 
  if you want to see the original twists in the way rest of the world has seen them , go for release order . 
  on the other hand , if you watch it in chronological order you can get similar twist , just in different way - i know some people who have seen star wars in chronological order first and they enjoyed themselves just as much as i did with release order , so do n't be bothered with prequel haters and just go the way you 'd like . 
  i would n't go for machette order if you watch it for first time though , i think it 's way too confusing for people who do n't know star wars much . 
  it 's just that some people were bored of no more star wars movies back in the days , so that they tried to spice up their experience by special viewing orders . 
  some like it , others not so much . 
  it 's more of a hardcore star wars fan thing though . 
  quali surely is going to be damn interesting today . 
  god damn bulls . 
  kill me . 
  let him have it . 
  being a red bull fan was n't easy since last year . 
  being a ferrari fan though ... yeah ... heh . 
  seriously though , ricciardo starting on harder compound from pole position is major game changer for this gp . 
  unless they get into some trouble , they are very likely going to win this one . 
  well played . 
  at this point i think he says that he does n't think of it as three-way battle just in order to keep some of that team morale high . 
  yep . 
  it 's frustrating for me as well and i 'm just a random dude who supports him and wants him to win . 
  ca n't imagine what it 's for him . 
  but now i really get to understand how alonso and his fans felt . 
  and that 's just after one ( presumably - i hate to give it up , but let 's be real ) disappointing season . 
  still got ta believe in them though !, 
  ferrari please . 
  please ... 
  bigger means more fun . 
  more fun means better . 
  he was mega slow last year in britain . 
  even if it 's true , so what - nobody cares unless you 're actually third best overall . 
  f1 is n't just aero competition . 
  honda simply needs to step it up , does n't matter how good chassis is . 
  why should i ? 
  i mean , yeah , he sometimes acts like a dick on radio , but i do n't really care . 
  sometimes i feel like had it not been for his angry radios , some people would n't even have anything else to bash him with . 
  honestly , unlike monza , in this case i ca n't really be bothered much . 
  so today . 
  ot : first time i noticed that win.gs url . 
  great idea - it 's both win.gs and wings . 
  cool , huh ... huh ... okay , nevermind . 
  where else could they go anyways . 
  ferrari would n't give them current spec engine , mercedes would n't give them any spec engine and i 'm dead sure they do n't want to use honda .
