  implying this dude has any friends . 
  i might be looking way too much into this , but screw it , it 's summerbreak , there are way sillier posts :, 
  to me horner seems like he 's never really gotten over the fact that sebastian has left them . 
  ricciardo is just as good or even better driver , yet he put mansell in there instead of his current no . 
  1 driver . 
  he must 've been a huge nigel fan back in the days or ( and ? ), 
  he simply does miss seb . 
  maybe not so much as a driver , but as a person . 
  most of the time in interviews he refers to daniel as `` ricciardo '' , which kinda seems less personal to me and whilst he definitely does realise he 's damn good , it simply is n't seb , with whom he had the most enjoyable years of his f1 career . 
  he even told his drivers to back off in advance when vettel was approaching them in order to lap them in malaysia ... in his ferrari . 
  so yeah , i think i 've just depleted all my summerbreak silliness into one post . 
  yeah , you could even say that his dream team thing has already happend for real . 
  got ta shoehorn that maldonado joke in there at all costs . 
  i love you . 
  guy must be some kind of people 's agent in fom . 
  hungary ? 
  seb was casually extending the gap the entire race even before his mgu-k failed . 
  i always love how people pick up the worst argumentation from whoever driver 's fanbase and then use it against that fanbase in general , even if most members of that fanbase dismiss it too . 
  it 's not even mentioned ( yet ) in this thread ffs . 
  i usually like your comments , but what the hell , did you have a bad day or something ? 
  i do n't think it would end up as bad for sebastian as it was last year , but i would n't go crazy into `` hell yeah he would shit on ricciardo now . '', 
  i just think it would be closer between the two . 
  it really depends what do you think `` his mojo '' is , if you took it as some kind of special ability over all his rivals , then i agree , it 's just some fanboy talk , but if you think of it as general self-confidence , he definitely seems to have `` his mojo '' back . 
  he was n't exactly slow last year either , he was just clunky as hell , often going into very oversteery situations , which ultimately led into killing his own tyres faster than the competition , including his teammate . 
  you did n't see anything like that this year apart from bahrain on his side . 
  tldr : i think it would be closer , i would keep my fingers crossed for seb as i 'm a big fan of his , but damn i would n't really be surprised if ricciardo beat him again . 
  op , you forgot : alonso , alonso, 
  unlike seemingly many others , i would n't want two highest class drivers in one team . 
  i just find it contraproductive in long-term for the entire atmosphere within the team , which i believe would in the end affect performances as well . 
  so i 'd go with some a class driver alongside with b + class driver ... but if i had to answer it purely based on emotions , i would fucking pay to see alonso & vettel in the same team . 
  best drama-opera ever . 
  would also solve many arguments once and for all . 
  wow , i 've read somewhere that driver 's in general are always very tired after the race , but just imagine doing this for 2 hours straight without any chance to catch a break ... manor drivers must be exhausted as fuck by the moment they cross the finish line . 
  pyjamas *, 
  audi sounds really hardcore . 
  i have similar issues with explorer.exe . 
  it also simply hangs pc to the point when i ca n't even restart explorer itself and i just have to restart entire computer using bruteforce restart . 
  hah , f1 rc cars generate less grip than modified sedans . 
  guess rc world works a bit different than the real scale one . 
  looks like alot of fun though , thanks for posting . 
  electric drivetrain is the future no matter if you like it . 
  an actual motorsport discipline focused purely on this will help development alot . 
  i 'm by no means environmentalist leftie ( in fact i dislike them too ) , but your logic is kinda flawed here . 
  new racing series does n't ruin the sport in any way . 
  if anything , it enhances it . 
  it 's kinda cheap to go to e-prix and whilst it might be full of gimmicks , these will eventually leave with further development . 
  formula e will mature . 
  to be fair , both ledger and williams were amazing actors . 
  but i agree . 
  same in music industry , everybody suddenly loved winehouse , people who always criticised mj suddenly were his greatest fans etc. 
  it 's just human nature ... the nicer side of hypocrisy . 
  edit : heck i do n't see myself rocking jules ' flair without the accident , but that 's rather a stupid example as i mean it as my own personal ( yet kinda pointless , i know ) tribute . 
  it 's kinda sad that the second most successful constructor team of all time is considered as the better part of midfield now . 
  i agree though , at least they got better now ... it really did hurt to see them being on nearly a backmarker level for some time . 
  newey never designed renault 's car . 
  renault was a team , remember ? 
  i definitely did not read that in james allen 's voice . 
  will they cover his first mclaren era or pretend like it never happend ? 
  renault was a team even when red bull 's mighty era started . 
  i do n't think it would hurt them * that much * . 
  3 ) everything goes to hell and all cars fail to start with all steering wheels essentialy going to blue screen of death . 
  well , sebastian and christian were fairly predictable on this one . 
  my next tip was that he would pick rb6 or rb7 though ... but whatever , still newey 's car . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but fox is one of these media 's who simply go for maximum possible viewership and sensation , right ? 
  i really doubt this . 
  he 's young , inexperienced and making this move so soon could easily kill his career ( or brutally boost it , depends how he would handle seb ) . 
  ferrari is n't exactly known for hiring rookies . 
   on a different note , lewis and rihanna ?? 
  she 's going to eat him alive . 
  rosberg wdc confirmed ? 
  most of these red bull helmets are so generic it 's really hard to say which belongs to who . 
  never understood their reasoning behind this . 
  i never liked him and i really think he is rated way too highly by some , but whatever , i guess he could use second chance . 
  ca n't resist to bite a bit though : remember when he said that formula e is more exciting ? 
  i mean ... why does n't he stay there if that 's the case ... nah , i really do n't like him . 
  ca n't even say why to be honest . 
  i really do n't understand why are you so confident that haas will be so good in their first ever season in the sport . 
  haas may have ferrari backing , but do we really know how big italian infulence is ? 
  i 'm sceptical - they 'll likely be ahead of manor , maybe even sauber , but i really do n't see them being in the better part of midfield , let alone on podium-contender level . 
   i 'm so going to regret this, 
  speaking of which ... did you already place a bet somewhere ? 
  i mean ... if you 're right , you could make some good money . 
  ^ ^ ^ or ^ ^ ^ regret ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ more . 
  this man . 
  this man will either rock the show next year , or fall down super hard . 
  i 'm very curious about them , definitely seems like he 's all in . 
  i can dream . 
  he does , but let 's be real ... even fulltime racing drivers do crash from time to time . 
  go for nexus if you want best custom rom support . 
  otherwise you ca n't go wrong with s5/s6 , note 4 , g4 , oneplus 1 or oneplus 2 , ... or iphone . 
  depends what you want . 
  i 'm trying to grow a beard . 
  itching is going to kill me . 
  and alonso could drive an f1 car with this crazy itching ... man is the true legend of the sport . 
  well , top teams have their drivers set for quite some time and there are still better options than kmag ( as much as i like him ) on the market . 
  and smaller teams need somebody with bag of cash , which kmag does n't have as far as i know . 
  i use hashtags too . 
  so i guess i 'm a douche in your eyes too . 
  pre-mclaren alonso did n't have really strong teammates either . 
  we 're not talking about current alonso .
