  a guy i know has one and after spending a little bit of time during hot summer day on outside , his macbook did n't just throttle down , it gave him a message stating that it 's going to go into sleep mode to cool down ( and that 's just during being on the web using opera ) . 
  people in this thready are trying to justify their purchase or something ... no need for that , if it serves you guys well , good for you . 
  i have similar experience with lenovo thinkpad edge , although it 's a 2013 model ... everything was very unstable on windows 10 especially after final release ( yes , you read that right - previews worked fine ) . 
  i just recently tried it again and so far it seems to be running okay . 
  for now ... anyways , my point is - it can happen that a certain model is poorly supported when it comes to windows 10 . 
  and i consider myself a poweruser , so i am dead sure i did n't do anything wrong . 
  desktop support is way easier in many ways . 
  arrivabene = / u/kimiquokka confirmed . 
  i love how they did n't scrap it 's livery entirely , just removed west and tweaked it a bit . 
  i hate when they ( any team ) do this to other cars . 
  livery is part of it 's historical value . 
  mp4/13 is beauty but it would n't be the same had they applied their current colors on it . 
  le mans winner hulkenburger . 
  over full race distance ? 
  5 internet points in my pocket say that he 'd be lapped . 
  twice . 
  now that 's some dedication . 
  hopefuly you 'll earn a good buck from youtube ads once it 's out . 
  this is some next level shit op . 
  i 'd say it 's official lucasfilm render if you did n't tell me . 
  what kind of machine are you doing this on ? 
  it has to be seriously powerful unless you are rendering one frame per day lol . 
  thanks , you are awesome op !, 
  70 , thank you !, 
  your problem was n't that much about non-retina 13 '' as it is about you trying to do programming on a 11 '' screen imho . 
  of course retina is much better for everything , but programming on non-retina 13 '' is pretty doable , if the budget is tight it 's a good option . 
  but yeah op , do n't buy 11 '' air for serious work . 
  oh my god . 
  never really had a thing for her ... until now . 
  from purely aesthetical point of view , i really wish we would rather go for red bull 's approach ( if we really have to go for something like this ) . 
  inbefore seb wins with kimi second . 
  hey , 2014 called , wants it 's edgy jokes back . 
  no , that 's nigel 's mechanic . 
  will be appropriate for baku castle part though . 
  they sounded very generic to me . 
  almost as if the sound was just generated by a computer game if that makes sense . 
  thanks op !, 
  nothing too original but hey :, 
  me : `` i 'll call you later . '', 
  dad : `` do n't call me later , call me dad . '', 
  also , thanks op !, 
  ironically he 's one of those backing halo project . 
  [ yep . 
  so ... ricciardo pole ? 
  i 'd be fine with that . 
  god . 
  mighty qualifying session . 
  super hyped for tomorrow :, 
  - lewis might have bad start again, 
  - button hype ( okay , i know ... but hey , it 's something ), 
  - ferrari and red bull start od reds while mercedes on ultras ( hopefuly it does n't rain on race start ), 
  - vettel and rosberg pushing forward, 
  - it might rain like mad tomorrow, 
  - wehrlein 12th , if somebody screws up in front , who knows ... 
  did i miss something ? 
  get hyped, 
  i 'd be mega happy if he even could hold on the podium . 
  win would be ... ecstasy . 
  we are not paid millions to that job because we are not even close to being as good . 
  `` stay off kerbs or your car will be wrecked and you will risk hurting yourself too . '', 
  is a stupid way to enforce track limits . 
  either just remove it and go with penalties ( there are stewards for reason ) , or put a damn wall or gravel here . 
  [ armchairpsychology ] you know , i do n't know shit about driving an f1 car , but even in racing games i definitely leave the track limit on open tracks much more often than i do on tight city circuits . 
  it 's just a natural way racing psychology works i guess - you risk by going tighter on the limit when you see that there is less punsihment for it . 
  but when there is a weird kerb that you do n't really see i guess it does n't work that well on your `` race psyche '' . 
  [ / armchairpsychology ], 
  not everybody talks about excitement and difficulty levels fading in f1 . 
  but hey , whatever suits your agenda . 
  i suppose you think biachni should have treated that jcb as a wall too . 
  stupid comparison , yes . 
  but outcome can be the same and both situations can ( could ) be avoided with certain precautions . 
  you ca n't apply these precautions on street circuits as they by nature are tight , but you can apply them on regular circuits - but hey , fuck that , f1 needs to be more like the old times . 
  as for track limits - stewards can always apply time penalties , but i guess they are just too lazy this time around . 
  i have no damn interest in seeing more serious injuries or deaths in f1 anytime soon just because people like you want drivers to be more hardcore . 
  you know , not every single time a driver goes on that kerb on purpose , tight battle or little bit of water can help him too ... and for the rest of it he 's just a passenger ... anyways , the best thing to do here is to agree to disagree , i guess . 
  i really hope my worries are n't going to meet with reality on sunday . 
  hopefuly everything will be all right in the race . 
  because at this point , they really have no other choice , so ... 
  i wonder how would you react if somebody made your work purposefuly more dangerous in order to motivate you to work better . 
  already looking forward to monday trash talk . 
  thanks god hamilton has better attitude than some of his fans . 
  like you for example . 
  agreed . 
  not much reason to boo him anyways , he did n't do anything wrong . 
  this . 
  so much . 
  this . 
  god damn i think neither did much wrong here , but it really grinds my gears when lewis ' is defended for moves like that as `` it 's raw racing '' , but nico ca n't do that . 
  shh , do n't touch this `` omg this sub is so evil '' circlejerk . 
  that 's p\u00e9rez 's former title . 
  proper response to this kind of question . 
  next time maybe ask if a driver should try to drive faster when he does n't get a pole . 
  and you are supposed to be a great mind amongst us mere interenet peasants ? 
  pretty symbolic punishment i 'd say . 
  but then again , i would n't really punish him tbh . 
  just when it seemed like f1 can do a good season even without off-track drama this shit happens . 
  i 'll rather just stay aside and have my popcorn prepared . 
  they surely must pay him millions of euros every year just so that they can screw up with him for lols, 
  did they hurt his race ? 
  yeah , somewhat .
