  this must be the most bittersweet record of all . 
  standard race start incident . 
  this just happens when cars are tightly packed together . 
  kvyat could 've avoided divebombing , vettel could have lifted off the throttle more , kimi could have gone with wider line . 
  all of it happened within 2 seconds . 
  nobody to be blamed . 
  just like hamilton with bottas in bahrain though , vettel could have been a better man and accepted it for what it is . 
  kimi recovered somewhat decently anyways . 
  that 's what all this discussion really is about , is n't it ... because if not , i really have no idea what 's the fuss about . 
  op 's title is misleading , but as you quoted , he admitted that it was a racing incident . 
  unless you think he was the one at fault on track ... 
  rofl they are so pathetic ... 
  i wonder they did n't ask reddit to shut down this sub as formula 1 is their brand anyways ... greedy motherfuckers . 
  since when people regained faith in renault 's power unit upgrades ? 
  i 'm surprised there is n't bigger shitstorm around this , considering how butthurt almost everybody is about vettel 's polite argument with kvyat . 
  thanks to vettel really . 
  ricciardo deserved it more . 
  but whatever , good on him , he drove well too . 
  out of all days they pick mondays ... hopefuly they made it into trash talk thread lol . 
  comments like this one are why i love reddit . 
  nice to see that they are honest about this . 
  yeah , i do n't see anything wrong with some actors being known for just one big character ... may it be luke , anakin , frodo , harry potter , ... 
  how does one pace well politics though . 
  i mean ... 
  i did n't have any issues with political side of things in any prequel movie . 
  i 'd like some of that in sequels as well . 
  it 's a lightsaber . 
  light is n't exactly heavy . 
  not to mention currently the only online watching option for me is to use illegal streams that make zero money to providers . 
  if i had a high quality online option with reasonable price ( say 10 $ for examply ) , i 'd pay it without hesitating . 
  especially if it had some bonus content like switching between onboards by myself etc. 
  you mean those traitors ? 
  `` dae codemasters suck amirite , also random maldonado joke for comedy purposes every 30 seconds '', 
  * sigh * pretty much why i gave up on f1 youtubers . 
  also with that theme kicking in while he cuts through the door . 
  `` this is impossible '', 
  awesome opening of pt . 
  long post warning . 
  prequel era kid here , though i 've seen it all in original order :, 
  back when i was still a kid ( 8 years old or something ) spending weekend at my grandparents place , our national tv aired entire ot , with very funny translation that included some names and weird wordings that for example did n't respect how jedi is supposed to be pronounced ( instead it was more like `` jete '' ) ... great times . 
  i do n't really remember that much but i can tell you anh just got me interested - empire was when i got hooked . 
  hoth invasion was amazing . 
  oooh and the reveal of vader 's identity - even though i 've seen it about 20 years after it was released , that was the time with no internet memes and as star wars is n't that big in my country , it was fairly easy to avoid any pre-spoilering in early age . 
  man that movie got me big time . 
  rotj just continued that trend , final battle was very emotional . 
  and contrary to general audience opinions , i even liked prequels . 
  though i first saw aotc and then tpm , i still loved it . 
  all of it . 
  the pod racing , space battles , music , more badass lightsaber duels , story of who anakin was before that black mask . 
  screw poor writing haters , i was a kid and i freaking loved it , and that kid inside me is the reason why i still defend prequels . 
  the hype for rots was big . 
  rots was the first star wars i watched in cinema , i went to it with my dad and damn it was true turning point for me . 
  rots was the true moment when i realised how much i am in love with lucas ' masterpiece saga . 
  i 'm kinda emotional guy , but i do n't really cry while watching movies , usually i really struggle to find myself so invested with the story to care any more beyond `` yeah that 's cool ! '', 
  and then final half hour of rots came - back then , when i was sitting there in that cinema , crying while watching obi-wan scream `` you were my brother '' , was the very moment i realised that i am in love with this story and saga for the rest of my life . 
  as time goes by , i dropped alot of stuff and hobbies i used to have as a child . 
  but there is no way i 'm going to drop star wars . 
  elite soldier , preferably in some kind of mandalorian armor . 
  i 'd like to see republic commando armor returning to action . 
  easy to make a mistake when most pop songs sound so alike . 
   father 's wife, 
  why not just say `` mother '' haha . 
  haha , good stuff . 
  really makes me wonder why some people insist that there is little personality in f1 . 
  but anakin married former queen of naboo . 
  luke did n't fight vader in anh though . 
  he had no idea what his skills were like by the time he killed obi . 
  he just assumed that obi-wan was training his kid since childhood . 
  ah , right . 
  i was thinking of royalty in general terms . 
  all cleared then . 
  now i 'm not sure if `` backs '' is exact description of what he actually said in the article , but nevertheless even judging by some pictures from chinese gp , it seems like these two now get on okay-ish . 
  nice to see after all these years . 
  so i guess we could say that c3po with dick upgrade is legends ? 
  i remember when it was generally accepted that there will be no new star wars movie ever . 
  i 'm absolutely fine with this . 
  rogue one , for example . 
  / r/tinfoilhat is leaking again . 
  did you watch f1 this season ? 
  apart from quali debacle the on-track product certainly improved alot . 
  this constant talk how some other series are going to kill f1 reminds me of constant talk how some new mmorpg is going to kill world of warcraft . 
  yes , on occassion it takes away some of it 's fans , and yes , even wow lost many players ever since their all time peak , but after all , it 's still the biggest game on the market . 
  and so is f1 . 
  / / edit, 
  not saying that f1 has no issues , it definitely has many , but being caught up by some other series is n't one of them . 
  lil felipe future wdc confirmed . 
  i think that was mostly due to lack of funding on manor 's / marussia 's side . 
  i see nobody mentioned it yet - within temptation also made quite a few covers . 
  [ titanium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1njyurhkww ), 
  [ skyfall ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkyjmqobuwi ), 
  [ radioactive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkdxvvom64c ), 
  [ summertime sadness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gb1g--phi4 ), 
  [ somebody that i used to know ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwjqvncflee ), 
  [ dirty dancer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzqomdb_aqy ) - really dig that one , even though it gets repetitive . 
  [ behind blue eyes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avvi4rdjuxk ), 
  what kind of star wars thread would that be without somebody poking the most generic prequels joke right ... 
  prequels are like maldonado . 
  it 's not even remotely as bad as some people make it out to be for the sake of joking . 
  sorry i 'm just a big fan and i like prequels as well . 
  the force is strong with his hairdresser .
