  shit like that is stupid , no matter if star wars is or is n't spoiler heavy movie . 
  no point ruining part the joy for others . 
  i loved every single bit of it , but after a bit of that `` being a kid again '' hype vanished i understood the issue with it . 
  at the very least they could have gone with different approach than `` yet another death star '' . 
  i sincerely hope they do n't pull any stuff like that in the future . 
  jj himself admitted that movie was tailored to feel similar and to please people who liked ot probably way too much . 
  people can criticise prequels , but one thing they did absolutely right - they expanded the universe . 
  that 's one thing post-lucas lucasfilm is yet to do right on big screen to please me 100 % . 
  i do n't expect that from anthology movies so all my hope is aimed towards viii . 
  i enjoy tfa , but i definitely feel too much of a `` remake '' vibe . 
  hopefuly viii is more open to being it 's own movie rather than one ( imo amazing ) fan-service . 
  it 's actually happening !, 
  this season really is one of the strongest season 's of both tcw and rebels combined . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like previous ones as well and on separate `` best of '' arcs alone tcw is still ahead by solid margin , but this one feels more ... full of stuff ... rather than just expanding on juicy story every now and then in between of episodes that still might be fun , but not really * that much fun * . 
  seems like we might get some tatooine and obi-wan love after all . 
  i am very hyped . 
  it also seems like they got budget raise for this season . 
  hopefuly that trend continues . 
  yeah , it could even be possible that he seeks obi-wan for help . 
  i mean ... he got revenge on him 20 years ago , and what a revenge that was ... on the other hand , palpatine killed his brother and mother afterwards . 
  palpatine 's the guy he should want dead now . 
  i wo n't be surprised if he just wants to kill obi-wan - he could still probably blame him for his entire downfall which also led to palpatine turning on him ... but i would like to see some more interesting development of their relationship . 
  maybe obi-wan is going to strike him down after maul finds out about luke or something like that . 
  i am most definitely interested in mclaren . 
  without ron it might actually start looking somewhat interesting . 
  hehe . 
  he playes all smartass about balancing in the force in front of jedi fellas as he knows they wo n't even try anything , but then some sketchier force guy appears and suddenly he prefers to shut up and move along . 
  this is some / r/westworld level of theorising . 
  i like it . 
  raikkonen improving relatively massively compared to his last two years performance should n't really be an argument for why he was better than vettel this year . 
  surely vettel was driving below his standards , not denying that . 
  and raikkonen also seemingly upped his game , especially in qualifying . 
  but there 's no way anybody can reasonably argue that he was the better driver overall . 
  cleaner and more consistent ? 
  damn yeah , vettel was messy and sometimes annoying , but race-wise he was definitely ahead . 
  not just reacting to you but while i am at it i also seen some facebook kimsters praising kimi for how he allegedly `` dominated vettel '' - winning in quali by one quali margin whilst losing to him on points is far from my understanding of word `` domination '' . 
  i fainted a bit when i read this response . 
  that happens when your humor sucks . 
  this is probably the most formal looking kai ebel i 've ever seen . 
  are you grace wilkinson from twitter ? 
  it just kinda ... went through my mind now . 
  i once followed her as she seemed like a nice vettel fan . 
  later on it got really weird , her fandom is ... should i say ... a bit [ deeper ] ( https://twitter.com/grace_wilko/status/802880957888008192 ) than mine ? 
  hell yeah another drs overtake i love this, 
  hopefuly top 5 finishes in the order in which they went through first corner, 
  i have my new favorite canon droid . 
   interesting idea , how about we make young han solo movie then, 
  \\ - probably disney/lucasfilm board, 
  by no means i am hating on it in advance , but come on , everybody is asking for obi-wan movie for god 's sake . 
  i fell for that trap one last time when i hyped myself for 2016 . 
  could they pull some magic off ? 
  sure , they have facilities and money to do it . 
  but based on previous experiences ... james allison was no idiot , he knew how to design f1 cars , and it still was n't enough . 
  i am skeptical about single man changing much . 
   always well dressed, 
  spot the german . 
  seriously though , i never understood the hate he gets , but he is anything but well dressed . 
  probably both . 
  that applies on most drivers though . 
  nando better grow that hair back before next season !, 
  sorry pastor , it was fun at times , but no ... 
  back in 97 , just maybe ... 
  nah keep calm mate , somewhere around the internet there 's some nice programmer who already works on very nice third party replacement . 
  just ... lol . 
  for those prices they are asking this is really ridiculous approach . 
  heck it would be ridiculous even if acer did that to their $ 100 netbooks . 
  chairman welcomed us all . 
  well ... ok ? 
  they were closer in quali than in race pace for sure , but we knew that since 2014 . 
  he still got wrecked . 
  i hate salt . 
  it gets everywhere . 
  especially on the internet . 
  quite a stretch though . 
  he 's been meeting and talking with them ever since his first race in red overalls . 
  what, 
  nah it 's just you . 
  why not both . 
  not that punk kid with 8 pack . 
  just kidding i love tfa just as much . 
  and about 20 fan designs and liveries . 
  does kimi even, 
  / r/starwars meets / r/soccer, 
  rant post warning , if you are one of those `` uncanny valley '' commenters and do n't want to be offended , move along . 
  people are overly sensitive these days . 
  i wonder if they are living in some kind of unicorn world bubble if something like that makes them uncomforatble , there is alot more uncanny shit in real life than it was in this cgi remake of tarkin . 
  i really just do n't get any of these `` uncanny valley '' comments . 
  i mean ... come on people , are you really this soft to be scared/feel uncomfortable of cgi remake of real actor ? 
  comments like that got really annoying over time , it 's the same thing as with people constantly pulling out mary sue after tfa . 
  people learn one new buzzword and keep spreading it around the place thinking how hipster they are about the movie . 
  it was well executed cgi and if you crazy fans ( that 's not meant as an insult , i am one as well ) did n't know that mr. cushing was dead for years , you would n't even think that he was n't real . 
  same goes for young leia . 
  op is absolutely right , they executed it magnificently and instead of applauding this great technological progress in computer generated graphics we are bitching about hard work that was put in place ... just because ... eh ... 
  i do n't even know . 
  rant over . 
  codemasters have been doing some great deals through humblebundle recently . 
  f3000 cars in og grid are some of the most fun i 've ever had in any arcade racing game ever . 
  running those on the limit around that san francisco circuit is pure definition of fun . 
  also - okutama , hot damn that track is mad . 
  you do n't have to think much while playing this game , it 's definitely not a sim , but it 's ... it 's just fun .
