  it 's nice , but in this context it sounds more like he 's a bit cocky teenager . 
  reminds me a bit of vergne , who had some big-ass statements before his first race too ... time will tell . 
  plus kimi is not that type of guy who 's going to blame everybody else for issues . 
  i wish alonso would get no drive for next year . 
  just so that he realises he 's not that awesome and not everybody is going to kiss his fine butt . 
  he can come back year later , no problem with that though , he 's great on the track . 
  that 's pretty normal logic since 2010 , i got used to it . 
  she probably had them after ol' flavio fell asleep though . 
  pro tip : do n't buy stuff all the time . 
  `` our aero sucks anyways , let 's make it open source then . '', 
  oh come on ... have some dignity rubinho . 
  nothing personal , you were genuinely a nice guy , but come on . 
  right into feels ... again . 
  fernando takes silly season not to a new level , but into absolutely new dimension . 
  i like v8s in general , but with blown diffusser during downshifting it had terrible sound imo . 
  good for you if you like it , but i did n't certainly enjoy it . 
  i prefer current turbo downshifting whoosh sound . 
  guetta better make sure fom wo n't take his video down ... 
  i feel the same as op , as seb 's fan ... that mistake in brazil 2012 he did made me jump and shout `` oh fuck fuck fuck ... and fuck again . '', 
  but yeah . 
  everything went better than expected . 
  `` multiple independent insider sources . '', 
  - every f1 journalist between summer break and next season start . 
  vader is luke 's father . 
  ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ doing ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ right ? 
  one of many reasons i despise this man . 
  and i actually like pop rock , do n't get me wrong ... 
  i was shocked in melbourne , i got used to it in malaysia , and i started to enjoy it in bahrain . 
  i love both old cars and current cars , they are different , yet still absolutely amazing . 
  hypenet at it 's best . 
  great trailer , i hope it 's going to be good . 
  i dislike lewis , but why the hell would i spam that type of crap , while it can take space for some questions coming from real fans who would like to be interested in his answers ? 
  this just proves people are stupid no matter who they support or who they dislike . 
  everybody with slavic roots or language knowledge knows that kubika sounds so weird . 
  so weird . 
  damn it , and i felt so original ... 
  except for [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/1wnlrb/rformula1s/cf3ou4f ) . 
  most french people are well known for their attitude even in europe , i 've spent a week with german family as an echxange student and they were cool people . 
  dat look in his eyes though ... creeps me out a bit . 
  you had no facial hair when you were 17 ? 
  definitely one of his best helmet designs ever . 
  11 out of 10 points . 
  that visor makes it look awesome . 
  damn it , this year 's usgp definitely beats monaco in terms of helmet designs . 
  how come ? 
  pretty decent lap considering his ( in ) experience with f1 cars , although it seemed a bit more nervous compared to other drivers - especially in high speed corners like that one in last sector ... anyways , this verstappen kid has real potential . 
  str used to use ferrari engines in the past , he probably made a mistake there ... he meant renaults . 
  toilet paper reserves should be ok until next year 's halloween i see . 
  druid in wow . 
  pretty much my most played class in the game . 
  loved the variety of playstyles . 
  great lap by nico , kinda gives me hope that he 's still able to break that amazing form lewis had lately . 
  said guy with vdg flair . 
  fair enough , that option did n't cross my mind . 
  every single race weekend there has to be somebody complaining about spoiler tags . 
  why the hell would one go to f1 subreddit if he does n't want to know results . 
  that pretty much applies to regular daily life too ... every single time some famous person dies ( for any reason ) , there is this huge amount of people mourning even though they never really cared about them when they were alive . 
  it 's not just a problem of people on this sub . 
  still , i think that jules was fairly respected and definitely the most favorite driver from backmarkers , so it 's not that hypocritical as it is in some other scenarios . 
  damn , i actually liked that idea . 
  this . 
  i lol 'd alot even as his fan . 
  [ this youtube edit made it perfect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtvq5ax9vyq ), 
  at this point , double points can only make rosberg the most hated champion ever . 
  gg fom/fia/whoever is behind that shitty rule . 
  i never was into these `` this guy deserves title more '' circlejerks , but this year it 's different , because of that frakking rule . 
  i would honestly feel bad for lewis if he lost it because of that ... and same for nico , who would have to choose between stopping in the race ( if lewis retires or something ) and enormous shitstorm . 
  he did , some people cry about that incident like he was middle-fingering kamui or something , but i guess that 's just normal state of mind now , because vettel . 
  still pretty fun and somewhat symbolic when you compare it to last year . 
  vergne : `` holy crap it 's maldonado , the team-mate avenger !, 
  better back off . '', 
  that gesture would 've been amazing though , i just ca n't imagine how much respect he would gain after that . 
  spa forgiven 1000 times . 
  i find it interesting that lotus cars were somewhat fast today ... what 's up ? 
  did they actually use any test parts for 2015 in the race ? 
  indeed , he might also not give a damn and just take that title no matter what . 
  i sort of agree , but i 'm afraid that general f1 fanbase would n't . 
  i can easily imagine rosberg receiving lots of shit for years , even though it 's not really his fault . 
  well , okay . 
  i did n't know about his answer . 
  i never really was a die-hard fan of schumi or something , but at that very moment , i was just plain happy ... lots of sentiment during that moment , but yeah ... felt kinda like `` return of the king '' . 
  too bad it did n't work out because of penalty and classic start moshpit afterwards . 
  i 'll just leave it there - as somebody else already said in other thread , you earn being the champion by having the most points . 
  and for that , you also need a bit of luck , which favored nico more this year . 
  i am by no means hamilton 's fan ( i actually prefer nico ) , yet i still think he did better job , therefore from my point of view he deserves title more - but there are no judges at the end of the championship ( which is a good thing in the end ) , points amount is what matters . 
  i would n't drop a shit at nico if he did win though . 
  i do n't want to break your nostalgia man , but every season had these dull and empty races with pretty much no real action . 
  it 's not about modern f1 being worse at it . 
  gw2 ls soundtrack has been amazing over the year or so ... great job , amazing piece of art . 
  i always felt like gw2 original ost was mostly just a remix of gw1 ost , and while i get that it was probably intentional , i just love hearing completely new tunes during living story campaign . 
  that blend into infinity blue/purple-ish color looks cheap to me , otherwise not bad ... is he pointing something towards jenson ? 
  reference to new call of duty game and it 's general ridiculousness . 
  it 's been quite a long while since he was this dissatisfied in the radio , i 'm not really his fan , but come on ... i would 've been mad too . 
  as far as i remember , moto gp series have these ... this would 've been really cool . 
  imagine that heart rate at start , or during first corners ... ummm . 
  great race by rosberg , serious fuckup by williams ... but still well deserved podium by massa . 
  was n't the most exciting brazil gp ever , but still pretty good race . 
  and jenson ... damn it if he does n't get a drive next year !, 
  game on for abu dhabi . 
  game on !!,
