  dar dar binks, 
  did you watch the show ? 
  it was daniel who approached him from behind in first place . 
  also ... based by webber 's performance in some years , there is no way he would 've been 4 times wdc even without vettel . 
  2 times wdc at best . 
   edit : ok i got it backwards . 
  i accept my downvotes . 
  no worries buddy , commentators were doing this all night . 
  could n't care less , honestly . 
  never even understood point of this app . 
  cloudyg2 3.3 , nova launcher prime , chronus and base lollipop icons from nova launcher . 
  nothing overly fancy , i like to keep it simple and near stock feel ( not a fan of minimal icons etc. 
  oh fuck , i had too much work today and just tuned in ... yaaaay . 
  damn , got ta rewatch the thing later . 
  also props to roc for those trophies . 
  this is what trophy should look like , not what we usually get in f1 . 
  this deserves more ~ ~ upsennas ~ ~ upschumis, 
  [ looks familiar . 
  holy shit . 
  just by seeing this i feel like i 'm suddenly 5 years younger . 
  would n't expect myslef to say it , but this makes me miss webber in f1 . 
  [ relevant . 
  he did n't . 
  it 's a meme that was created by somebody in monday trash talk thread mid-season or something . 
  that guy even got gold for it . 
  since then , it spread out a bit - but i seriously doubt lewis himself has ever used that . 
  you really think other drivers go out there in order promote f1 as a whole ? 
  genuinely curious , not interested in flame . 
  i love how dc did n't give a single shit after screwing up his try and just went for some donuts . 
   i liked him before it was cool to like him !, 
  i know that feel , but i 'd rather take current state with some redfive fanboy-trolls than the shitspree during 2013 . 
  pretty much just shows how dominant lewis with his merc was . 
  to think alonso fought until the end for wdc with that amount of points ... 
  sour fur . 
  at least he knows how to pull off some sweet 360s in rb10 . 
  hamilton being oldest driver sounds crazy to me . 
  it 's just ... damn it . 
  you 're not true / r/formula1 redditor unless you know oh84s ' nationality . 
  i feel bad for laughing at that . 
  lewis would certainly think need to think twice before trying to push pastor on the edge of track limit . 
  does it change anything ? 
  he was ahead most of their time together anyways . 
  same here . 
  already warned my friends that i 'll probably lose it during the intro part but they thought i was joking ... oh , well ... 
  dae f1 is so dead . 
  seriously , great to see this happening despite everything important being already decided . 
  both on ovals . 
  f1 does n't do ovals . 
  i 've been very cynical about all these `` wec is better '' posts and looked forward to f1 in 2017 . 
  i still do n't feel like watching 6 hours long races , but i ca n't be cynical anymore , to say the least . 
   it really says it all about this sub, 
  yeah , beause -1 karma on single comment in approx 100 comment thread says alot about sub that has 95 000 + users . 
  i do n't care about this little discussion you guys have there , i am just tired of reading all this hipster crap around the internet . 
  people like you , wakawaka , are always those fighting against marking people with some , let 's say `` edgy '' stuff ... or at least you want to believe that ... 
  yet you are no better when you go out there and call 95 000 people racists because of one joke . 
  that 's really just the same thing when some sjw flips out over all gamers being sexist because some idiots wrote her on twitter that she 's a bitch . 
  just / r/quityourbullshit , thanks . 
  i do n't really know what to expect from that , but god damn i am very interested in how this works out . 
  that 's pretty crazy stuff , especially considering current geopolitical situation . 
  but let 's be realistic , it 's darren heath , i 'd wait for actual journalist reporting on this issue . 
  i doubt everybody would remain silent if f1 team boss has said such thing . 
  i do n't really like it onboard to be absolutely honest . 
  not anymore . 
  yes , it sounds way more majestic from tv camera/grandstands - would n't dare to deny that , but onboard i actually prefer current gen. 
  casually singing whilst going around corners in 200 + km/h . 
  great to see lewis standing up against this change . 
  we need more drivers to do this . 
  ron dennis would love you . 
  different situation really . 
  it 's proven that more aero leads to worse racing conditions due to dirty air effect being way too strong . 
  fair enough , but it does n't change general point behind what he is saying . 
  let 's just take it easy shall we ... 
  he was n't wrong , he was making up stuff . 
  there 's a difference . 
  well i can definitely understand that all those `` damn i like vettel now why did i hate him in red bull '' comments got pretty old , but i really doubt it 's some kind of pr masterplan from arrivabene 's head . 
  really like that attitude and this current `` second place is not good enough anymore '' vibe that 's going around top teams . 
  ferrari are in full battle mode for next year , red bull seems pissed off and motivated to kick some silver arrow ass as well . 
  if only mclaren ... well , anyways , i hope their motivation and hunger for winning reflects on their results . 
  is it offseason already ? 
  ron dennis certainly loves himself . 
  everything checks out then . 
  i really doubt he 'll get many upvotes for this crap . 
  let 's just go for a theoretical situation that they find out something is n't 100 % legal . 
  what would fia do ? 
  ban them from 2016 and dsq from 2015 ? 
  i really do n't see that happening . 
  they should have done it a long time ago , especially since their api is so freaking restrictive ( i know , it 's their business and they have full right to do so ... but still ) . 
  uh , what the hell was he thinking ? 
  that he can get away with that ? 
  this is n't even just some kind of mistake , it 's really the same type of shit only online racing trolls would do . 
  except now he did it in real life . 
  reading through this thread i am glad that fans have no say in regulations ... anyways ... 
  formula 1 is overregulated , i would n't add any rule . 
  if anything , i 'd change certain part of car design regulations in order to promote more use of mechanical grip instead of relying so much on aero . 
  do n't ask me which part exactly , i 'm a software guy , but i 'd focus on that . 
  why would it change anything ? 
  i 'll change my opinion if he has good form through the whole 2016 season , not because he has won one race . 
  a\u0165 least it should be fun tomorrow , he knows a thing or two about pushing in abu dhabi from back . 
  what 's up with that 44 virtual ad btw ? 
  is that meant as celebration of lewis ' wdc ?
