  i know this is gw2 , but having a frostmourne is beyond legendary no matter what universe we talking about . 
  so he likes ham and he is also a good bro ? 
  now i see his point , broham all the way !, 
  thanks for noting that , i was afraid of another `` ooh good people leave arenanet , gw goes to hell '' spamtree . 
  my main is human just because i like having human main character ( in any game ) , but speaking of alts , i enjoy playing my asura ranger most . 
  i love their movement animations and overall looks including their scifi-ish feeling . 
  there was kinda long thread about this in the beginning of january ... yes , it is a problem . 
  they can experience new stuff . 
  that ... was ... awesome . 
  also big part of eu servers usually guests here for teq runs . 
  deso would be good choice . 
  i tried to return to wow , to be honest . 
  but then i realized that i am used to gw2 standards and i do n't want to go back to wow standards . 
  i realized how much i like gw2 over other games when i tried other games . 
  i love combat system ( even the zerker meta does n't bother me that much ) , i love wvw , i love deposit all colectible ( !, 
  ) , i love friendly community ( excluding some queensdale farmers & rude speedruners ) , i like content we get every two weeks ... well , not every piece of that content , but overall , i like it . 
  and when you compare this game to other so called `` no-payments needed '' games , gw2 wins all the way . 
  basically there are just small things i miss in this game . 
  i usually log in for dailies , i do some chatting with guildies , do some open world stuff , do some dungeons , or wvw roaming/zerging ... few weeks ago , i also found pvp to be somewhat fun ( even though i suck at it ) . 
  i level alts , i try to flip on trading post , which usually goes to money lose , but still ... 
  i just play the whole game . 
  so that is it . 
  i just like playing the game , and as i always say in these threads - if you have to question yourself about playing the game , the game obviously is n't for you , or you need a break for some time . 
  i had break too . 
  i do n't get it , why would they bother making these changes ? 
  is that how chinese guys like their games done , or ? 
  i play on aurora glade , but when it comes to tequatl , our people usually guest on desolation . 
  so that is my tip for tequatl server . 
  destroyer lodestones are needed for crafting them , that is # 1 reason imo . 
  even though you can read lots of posts about gw2 being dead , the truth is , that game is not even remotely close to being dead . 
  there are lots of queues to big event zones , queues to wvw and all other stuff . 
  game is constantly updated and ... it 's worth it . 
  thumbs up , i already started to think that i am the only one , who likes it this way . 
  much more surprise in it , i like that they release patch notes when patch is going live . 
  missed that one , thanks . 
  i 'll join those who vote for mob ai . 
  they should be smarter ( avoid aoe , avoid stacking , scatter around the area ) . 
  mobs are so stupid it 's a shame that this is official version of the game and not some lamely optimized private server ( stacking really reminds me of some glitching back in the mangos days on wow ) . 
  official forums are worth it only when it comes to cdi feedback ( which was pretty good to read ) , patch notes & once upon a time , i read suggestions . 
  it 's sad but yeah , reddit is much better at this . 
  just one simple example - after marionette patch , reddit was like `` marionette is cool , it has some issues , but not bad at all . '', 
  and on the other hands forums were like `` omg another crappy patch , anet lol wtf ur doing it sucks camping here for wipe omg omg lol kitten '' - and in that absolutely non-constructive spree of hatred you could have found about 2-3 constructive comments actually saying what was done badly . 
  sad . 
  i 've actually send one mesmer 11 gold instead of 1 gold and he returned my 10 gold back even without me asking ( did n't notice it either lol ) . 
  just like in real world ... some people have integrity , and some do n't . 
  oh my ... thanks , finnaly i know how to play wvw like a pro !, 
  i use them on my alts while leveling since i have lots of transmutation stones so i use runes/sigils even though i change gear over time , but if you do n't have that option , you should simply stick with whatever you get & do n't really bother about it much , no point in thinking about efficiency on a non-80 character . 
  if you are a level 80 , you should consider using some of them ( superior ones ofc . ), 
  since they usually provide more good stuff than gemstones . 
  it has been happening to me alot since eotm update ... already reported it . 
  smaller servers usually do these circles , even though i see your point and arenanet should do something about it ... just move to better server with higher wvw population . 
  they do some farm-trains too , but usually it 's just on friday before the reset . 
  if they do n't do exploiting ( which you ca n't know ) , it 's 100 % ok from the legal side . 
  i buy everyday ac p1 on one of my alts so i get free level ( usually pays 1,5 g & dungeon gives 1,5 g back ) . 
  ac is n't hard dungeon once you know what to do , but when i enter dungeon on my non-80 toon , people usually insta-kick me and because i do n't really want to spend half hour by waiting for a `` newbie friendly run '' party , i just buy it . 
  i do n't make money , but i do n't lose it either , so i am absolulety ok with that . 
  however ... buying it on lvl 80 would be pointless imo . 
  one symbol . 
  farm trains in 80 areas - no problem . 
  farm trains in starter areas - problem . 
  he did amazing job , but arenanet ( imo ) failed at mixing the music into the game ... when i listen to the soundtrack , i hear some awesome tunes i 've never heard in the game . 
  most of the game there is a loop of like 5-6 tracks , which gets annoying when your playtime goes to hundreds of hours or more . 
  nah , he might be a charr , but still ... he is more like a politician charr , not warmongering badass charr like rytlock . 
  he probably just rolls out of la , logan style . 
  he & mv had some talk with devs , they discussed it in one of their podcasts . 
  is it just me or most people do n't really have any idea what to do with warriors , but they shout `` nerf them '' just because it 's some kind of fashion ? 
  new areas, 
  new areas, 
  new areas, 
  rest is n't that important to me . 
  yep , it is easy to catch up even as casual player . 
  if you use play now , game wo n't push you into matches with players with rank 30 + . 
  learn maps and understand at least some basics of your profession . 
  if you are pveer , do n't even think about applying pve behaviour in pvp , you need to get used to different playstyle . 
  made my day !, 
  no , wait ... made my weekend !, 
  mega thumbs up . 
  that is actually pretty nice glitching , what a view !, 
  i spend most of it on leveluping alts . 
  whiny kittens spend most of their time on official forums instead in the game , so yeah , the in-game community is really good . 
  too bad i did n't have time to join you guys . 
  :-( thanks for video anways . 
  i like cookies . 
  what about you ? 
  i do n't get why people are so mad about it ( except the fact , that people on official forums are mad about everything ) . 
  i always prefered to do crafting in divinity 's reach - way better frames and tp not so far from stations either . 
  actually , i kinda like this change - it makes other crafting places more populated so they feel more alive . 
  ship is meant to be a unique vip zone for people who really want to have shortest possible times of running between tp & station . 
  you 're not , but you ( we ) are still a minority . 
  that is going to help you alot , c2d is really poor one for gw2 . 
  conspiracy much ? 
  i 'm against rebuilding la , but still ... bear in mind that rebuilding la does n't mean that it would look same as it did before the attack . 
  8 months ago , i wrote a post about it ... https://forum-en.guildwars2.com/forum/archive/suggestions/underflow-server-system, 
  but yeah , there are also other ways ... 
  i just think that uf could be fine because it 's not forcing people to go into low-pop zones ( like ls sometimes does ) , it just helps people who want to be in low-pop zones . 
  which is absolutely fine as long as they stay in overflow . 
  this is so epic ... so epic . 
  thumbs up !, 
  if your pve activitiy means zerging , staff all the way . 
  nice , mobile account-synced guild calendars , guild chat on the go ... sounds great .
