  you can go out and cast meteor showers , slaughtering monster with bigass sword , or teleport yourself ? 
  human warrior , human elementalist , sylvari guardian , asura ranger , asura thief , charr engineer , norn mesmer , no necro ( yet ) ... probably gon na go human though . 
  not sure which race i should go with revenant , i think i 'd love heavy armor asura ... 
  is this grosjean 's fault too ? 
  one of the craziest races i 've ever seen . 
  our local footage left when they were standing on the grid and waiting for restart just so they can play some stupid comedy or whatever ... 
  so me and my dad tuned to horrible quality not-so-official bbc ( or sky ? 
  do n't really know , it was british for sure though ) online stream and watched it on laptop 's screen . 
  and damn it definitely was worth watching it even in 240p resolution . 
  he 's quite a hamilton fan , so he was pissed at button for that collision , but damn that final push made us both feel good even though i root for seb . 
  what a race . 
  so that 's how alonso fans felt all year ... :-(, 
  he 's thinking about car design and what he 's going to change for next race 's upgrade package . 
  this post appeared faster than i expected . 
  sounds majestic , i like it - though i got ta say i would love if it had more `` nods '' towards classic guild wars theme ... 
  holy shit , that 's harsh . 
  but fair ... it was freaking pointless from his side . 
  tough weekend , still hoping for some good points !, 
  / r/napkinmath, 
  til, 
  funnily enough , the most popular vodka brand in our country is finlandia . 
  there 's even a [ video compilation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guio2anfwqc ) with this song . 
  this should be credits song , just like we had fear not this night at the end of personal story . 
  children ? 
  wondering who 's her favorite driver . 
  pete to replace bernie !, 
  call me a fanboy ( well , i am ... ) , but i keep my fingers crossed for seb . 
  canada is one of these races , where it 's certainly possible . 
  are you taking red bull intravenously ? 
  great stuff , thumbs up !, 
  also ... visualwood and sammpo ( especially sammpo , we know alot about vw already ) interview , please . 
  i 'd do it just like wow does ... no rewards , no ( official ) bets , no leaderboards . 
  disable it in cities . 
  simple `` won a duel '' achievement would do it justice . 
  blizzard 's mmo has it like this since ever and it 's been working just fine . 
  open world events would 've been massacre . 
  another proof that this entire rule is absolutely pointless . 
  hamilton - good race , well managed . 
  rosberg - i hoped he could at least try some more serious attack , but other than that he was good too , kept very close to lewis all the time . 
  bottas - good race , was in the right place at the right time , when ... 
  ... kimi screwed up ... 
  sebastian - his first attack on alonso before drs zone was a bit dumb and overall he seemed to me like he 's more nervous than usual , amazing race otherwise though . 
  massa - good driving , i think he put that car on maximum possible position considering his starting post . 
  ... also props to maldonado , this time he was driving way better than grosjean . 
  absolutely !, 
  these would 've been pretty interesting too . 
  especially allmighty that_shaman . 
  his dad is well known as ahole though . 
  that does n't invalidate the fact he beat seb , let 's be honest there . 
  how come did i not see this before . 
  very stylish goal . 
  because verstappen did n't `` steal '' two championship he could 've had . 
  they do n't like each other and try to prove they are better than the other , no big deal imo , just human nature . 
  i do n't really think he cares about gains at this point of season , he 's just there to have fun ( when possible ) . 
  it 's quite refreshing to have a troll who 's not into kimi trolling though . 
  you 're two years late with such question . 
  red bull won a championship when renault was still a works team . 
  i think it was a bad call if they really did it because of this . 
  overall pace across seasons ? 
  well , on overall points across seasons , button did beat hamilton , and you said that hamilton = alonso , which ultimately means that by your logic button is truly the best driver on the grid . 
  \\ #rekt, 
  you said that ferrari have faster car , and few comments below you blame others for ignoring facts ... 
  history does look at wdc 's mostly , there are some exceptions , like gilles villeneuve , but you have to be goddamn good to be named amongst sport 's greatest without any wdc . 
  simple example : do you really think people remember damon hill for his pace ? 
  of course not . 
  btw - stating that you are super experienced with f1 does n't really say much , i can also say that i am freaking alain prost and claim that as my ultimate argument for everything . 
  i remember playing candy crush ( or one of it 's many variations ) in wow when i was waiting for battleground queue ... man , i wish gw2 had native addons . 
  arenanet should make ingame concert of your npc representation for players ... and play your gw2 songs . 
  for real , another top stuff . 
  hoping for more , you rock . 
  ferrari brought in upgrades and his closest benchmark ( vettel ) had technical failure in quali . 
  we just ca n't know how good his quali pace was this time . 
  i do n't mind it tbh . 
  and as far as i know , arenanet stated on official forums , that they do n't intend to ban music macro 's either , since it does n't really provide any gameplay advantage . 
  guess we ca n't really use `` my friends/guildies '' as an argument for entire gw2 community . 
  but speaking for myself , i used to run dungeons quite a bit since launch ( good ol' cof p1 farm before account bound rewards :') ) , and now it 's probably been months since i set my foot into any , because they are the same thing for nearly 3 years . 
  that does tire you out a bit . 
  just to clarify - dungeon team was already disbanded in 2013 after they updated ascalonian catacombs . 
  living story dungeons after this change were made by ls team . 
  same applies to later addition of ls bosses into fractals . 
  it must 've been really hard to follow f1 lately if you do n't like rear wings . 
   mclaren was looking for a pu better than mercedes , but it now appears they found something worse than renault . 
  which is , quite an achievement too ... 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  did n't they say , that specializations will drop close prior to the hot release ? 
  * hype intensifies . 
  f1sport is literally the worst f1 website in czech republic and most people out there in those discussion are total idiots who essentialy made me leave our local discussion forums . 
  damn how good it felt to forget about that place . 
  i do n't think it 's all just him . 
  the chief editor of advertised website finally realised it 's enough and those `` dudes '' should move away , and so they probably decided to settle there . 
  yeah , i do n't even ... 
  you do n't need a drive when you 're chilton level racing legend . 
  these `` best of all eras '' things are always nearly impossible to judge in my opinion . 
  times have changed , sport has changed , people have changed . 
  but as far as any objective measure goes ( wins , poles , ... ) , yes , and i would n't even really argue if somebody said that he already is . 
  feel free to use it then . 
  in other words , mods overlooked some crappy posts , but did n't overlook crappy post you liked ( posted ? 
  ) , so you 're a bit salty . 
  man , the amount of conspiracy people can come up with is ridiculous sometimes ... 
  damn , that 's more terrifying than in-game .
