  do i really have to go back to 2015 and find my comments about him just to prove that i would n't give a damn had it not been for his recent dirty driving ? 
  i do n't hate him for god 's sake , what 's up with this fucking internet idea that when you critcise somebody you automatically have to hate them . 
  i just go here because i want to talk f1 and recently this was a pretty big topic which i have strong opinion on - and therefore i was promoting this opinion of mine . 
  if this opinion hurts you on personal level so much that you feel need to write such posts then i am sorry for offending you , but my opinion wo n't change . 
   and now suddenly everyone is switching sides again, 
  people have been mentioning this since yesterday yet all i saw was that those who were n't criticising now backed max for change . 
  which is fine . 
  i did n't see anybody who criticised him switch sides and start defending him . 
  i 'd understand that in real life , but on anonymous internet forum where you can create new identity anytime it really makes no sense . 
  read the article . 
  he said fans ... dude just replaced it with this sub . 
  yeah , it 's crazy how it goes . 
  it feels like yesterday when i was conflicted in supporting both button and vettel in 2009 championship . 
  yet it 's been 7 years . 
  let that sink in for a moment . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i like the raw feeling of this older footage , the analog video errors , raw sound , cars going rather bumpy here and there ... 
  i love and defend modern f1 , but it certainly misses on some of these elements . 
  to think that fom has entire archive of such footage , all of it just waiting to be released ... 
  i wish they made some online archive for this stuff . 
  heck i 'd even give them few bucks if they wanted to protect it somehow in addition to that internal videoplayer they have hidden under x layers of javascript . 
  rex in his final encounter with good ol' clankers . 
  i hoped nobody would mention it . 
  i 'm off to / r/eyebleach /, 
  there has been no accident in f1 ( again , in f1 , i know of young surtees ' tragic accident ) since 90s when halo could make a difference - maybe massa 's spring accident but even then halo gives him very small chance of actually stopping that . 
  however , cars still catch on fire here and there . 
  usually ( thanksfuly ) not in a spectacular way like they used to some time ago , but they do . 
  in recent years there were more fire incidents than incidents that would have been prevented by implementing halo ... that 's important point imho . 
  last bigger fire was maldonado 's lotus in abu dhabi 2014 i think . 
   q : do you think that the fight for the championship title will last until the very last race ? 
  lh : i hope not ( laughs ) . 
  well ... he 's honest , got ta give him that . 
  then why when a driver actually complains about something that they want to investigate team responds with something like `` we 'll talk to charlie . 
  i 've heard this many times . 
  team complains to stewards , not drivers . 
  at least not during the race . 
  read the entire response in the article . 
  he said that he has no actual opinion on the matter . 
  the headline is pretty much just summary of his general opinion on him . 
  `` i do not have any opinion on that , as it has got nothing to do with me !, 
  i try not to get involved in other people 's business ... '', 
  he was . 
  he went to ferrari at the same time as kimi did iirc . 
  it 's like he does n't even want to lie to us at this moment but he has some obligations so that they do n't call him out on not mentioning it . 
  i 'd try mixtape.moe and if that does n't work either go for some nasty nasty stuff . 
  it 's also pretty fast to load up . 
  do n't know why but streamable was always kind slow with me , no matter what os or browser . 
  so much for that guy who thought they might have a podium here . 
  if you 're reading this i guess it 's time to order that pizza mate . 
  well i never watch these on my phone so there 's that . 
  on windows 10 desktop with either chrome , edge or firefox it was always laggy on streamable . 
  same on macbook with safari or chrome . 
  and regular videos on youtube and such load just fine in 60fps hd so i doubt it 's purely a connectivity problem . 
  though mixtape seemingly does n't support sound , which can be shame for radio replays and such . 
  huh . 
  i checked all that bottaswmr posted today and none of them has it for me - though now that you say it i noticed volume button on their videos , so that would be weird not to support sound yet have that button here haha . 
  weird , i 'll check with other browser then , in safari i have no sound . 
  nice performance by bottas . 
  raikkonen yet again pushing vettel hard in qualifying , interesting to see . 
  red bull kinda where i expected them to be and holy fucking shit hamilton what was that ... half a second on teammate ... on monza ? 
  either rosberg 's lap was really shit or hamilton is magician . 
  i 'd say it 's ham ros vet on podium tomorrow as well , only real thing that could break that is some first chicane madness or rosberg pulling a rosberg in t1 as is the tradition . 
  one can dream for seb winning on monza in red overalls , but hamilton so far crushes this dream with ease . 
  not like ferrari and red bull are saving up money though . 
  except that nobody is moaning as he did n't do anything wrong . 
  the only criticising comment is bullshit and is the most downvoted . 
  but some idiots have to jump to accusations nevertheless , rigth ? 
  also got ta add edgy cheeky `` dae think sub is salty '' comment despite nobody really being salty in the thread besides you . 
  it 's not even funny anymore . 
  been a fan of vettel for years , now he 's at ferrari , so i cheer for ferrari . 
  in terms of teams fandom i generally go more towards this `` which teams drivers lineup do i like more '' thing . 
  so i do n't really have a favorite team per se , it varies in years . 
  he 's half italian though . 
  fine on windows and chrome/edge . 
  on a mac no sound in safari for some random reason - even after downloading the video and playing it in quicktime . 
  weird , but chrome seems to have no issues with it so i 'll swallow that if it means it 's not taken down in hours . 
  loading is also many times faster . 
  ron ... please ... it 's just a reserve driver role . 
  people have been calling it that way since ever , no need to try invent your own descriptions for this . 
  williams realistically have no chance of going for championships anytime soon unless they get really luck with some `` aero-hack '' . 
  i believe jenson more or less counts on alonso 's bad luck - it 's a meme but seriously , alonso leaving mclaren just the year before they get actual championship car could happen . 
  or it 's at least more likely than williams ' going for it anytime soon . 
  gasly probably will replace kvyat . 
  giovinazzi showed some good promise as well , but in his case it also depends on how much money his sponsors can offer ... anybody knows ? 
  does n't lauda sort of do that at mercedes ? 
  it did n't sound like that was the case in this interview , so i hope my instinct is n't misleading me . 
  ferrari needs some stability for now . 
  changing staff every year does n't help that . 
  best season i have ever seen . 
  what a year . 
  max chilton is one hell of a exception . 
  never really did anything of significance , but dank memes made him memorable anyways . 
  love that . 
  sounds great !, 
  we can also solve this verstappen argument once and for all . 
  the camp that drinks more beer within 1 minute wins . 
  i warn you guys , i am from country that has highest beer consumption per citizen rate in the world . 
  early 2000s until present . 
  and some occasional single race replays from even earlier times , but not so much . 
  i definitely do n't consider myself that knowledgeable of 90s and below .
