  * european high-five *, 
  wow , yeah , that 's quite something . 
  though i am not sure on what terms button and brawn were in these days . 
  i know brawn was somewhat bitter/sad about button leaving them for mclaren . 
  all f1 needs now is to bring in vandoorne and we are in for some great stuff happening in midfield . 
  it 's nice of them to try put pastor in better light and go against general vibe of bashing him even when he 's no longer part of the sport . 
  but we all know the answer for that title question . 
  man i loved this game back in the days ... it was ridiculously easy once you got the hang of mechanics , but also incredibly satisfying and fun . 
  is there any game like that in present ? 
  combination of both dislike towards pastor , like towards kevin and offseason f1 withdrawal . 
  fair enough , you never knew when he would actually finish a race, 
  you wan na go full trash talk ? 
  just like vettel is better than alonso cos he has more titles !, 
  i can go full trash talk . 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  that 's right . 
  everywhere nando went after 07 cars happened to be shit . 
  i do n't think so . 
  this is getting out of hands . 
  what we really need is megathread regarding this maldonado/kmag stuff ... 
  i 'm half joking and half serious . 
  yes , he will finally match level of vettel 's greatness as well . 
  took his time huh . 
  this no doubts was the peak moment of his racing career . 
  makes one wonder what one hell of a driver he could have been had it not been for his inconsistency . 
  williams has lost more points over the whole season than they gained through this single win ... but sure it felt great to see williams back on the top . 
  iirc it was even on frank williams ' birthday , right ? 
  damn i need to rewatch 2012 . 
  man those cars really look weird without sponsors . 
  on your regular daily car i hate stickers , logos and stuff like that , but on racing cars it 's exactly the opposite . 
  whilst jos was never found guilty of beating his wife up , he was found guilty of threatening her - during which he violated restraining order . 
  not cool . 
  and even if we respect judges and consider case that he did n't assault her , threatening and violating restraining order is no joke either . 
  and that 's just one of many sketchty things regarding his personal life . 
  he faced even worse accusations later on - and god damn i doubt he would be just so unlucky to run into crazy women who like to sue him . 
  like it or not , jos verestappen is an asshole , period . 
  doubt it , lotus was brutally underfunded and in debt . 
  renault bought it late and very likely does n't care much about this years development , and will focus on 2017 car from the very beginning . 
  last time they produced decent car was when they had money sorted out . 
  if managers at renault are sensible , they are going to follow this path . 
  no point trying to save 2016 . 
  i think toro rosso might be the fastest midfielder actually , if not even pushing for third position in the championship . 
  williams was slowly losing pace , red bull already lowers expectations , mclaren is big unknown and even if honda gains some power , they still might face reliability issues . 
  and there comes solid str chassis powered by very solid ferrari power unit . 
  it may be 2015 spec , but it 's still league above renault power unit . 
  i 'm not saying it 's 100 % going to happen , but there is a chance . 
  you 're not crazy and if you do n't know the results , good for you !, 
  makes it much more enjoyable than rewatching a season that you know very well . 
  i wonder how much more room he has for arm movement in fe compared to f1 . 
  but if it 's true god damn the hype . 
  formula e had my curiosity , but with kubica , they would have all my attention . 
  you could 've at least provided a video . 
  i do n't really remember that much from 2011 apart from canada , hamilton vs. massa and vettel 's over the top screaming every other race . 
  it 's just a photoshop , but i really like it . 
  it nicely blends with seb 's helmet as well . 
  would love some more dynamic to ferrari livery . 
  thanks for the video . 
  i 'd argue the relative performance difference between rbr and merc back in 2011 might be similar to relative performance difference between str and sauber in 2015 , but whatever . 
  i guess when you 're the dominating guy people are less impressed by your moves anyways . 
  that crazy `` only max overtakes in blanchimont '' circlejerk seems rather stupid now - but to support max , back in 2011 cars in general had much more downforce compared to cars in 2015 , so i would n't definitely underestimate verstappen 's efforts . 
  it 's just not true that he 's the only one overtaking there . 
  never knew about this . 
  i 'm not going to pretend like he never acts like a dick , and i do n't really have anything else to add to it other than it makes me laugh how they continue in that fairly tense conversation despite everybody who goes around them is shooting it . 
  i guess these people are really used to it at that point . 
  * sigh *, 
  but whatever ... if she wo n't spout more crap about her importance and irreplacable skills , i can tolerate her . 
  damn i hope they are going to improve it and give it some more dynamic . 
  seems like that 's the case judging by their tweets . 
  i was kinda tired of all that livery hate circlejerk last year , but this was way too underwhelming even for me . 
  i 'm really tired of this `` few people 's opinion = whole sub 's opinion '' mentality . 
  guess what , that 's not how it works . 
  not like rbr have a copyright on it , but the last thing renault currently wants to do is to provoke red bull even more . 
  if all you are saying is true , she would be racing in f1 . 
  now let 's get back to reality - even williams went out and hired sutil as reserve driver , rather than putting susie in the race in case bottas wo n't get better with his back . 
  if she wanted to get into f1 on merit , then tough luck , a man with her results would never even get that reserve seat . 
  because fuck people for having any opinions . 
  thanks for your great input to the discussion . 
  well , yeah , if he beats kmag he will be considered much better than he is now , but i seriously doubt that is going to happen , unless kmag runs into some seriously bad luck . 
  we shall see . 
  bear in mind i do n't really like saward and most of his opinions , therefore i might be biased and full of bullshit , but this :, 
   right now , people are excited about max verstappen and stoffel vandoorne . 
  you can understand why . 
  they have done great things and this seems to make them cooler than a driver who has worked his way up with solid progress . 
  this to me sounds like top class apologetic stuff and trying way too hard to make palmer look better than he actually is - and to counter this type of argument : if vandoorne and verstappen are just as good as palmer with way less experience , they will likely only get much better as time goes on . 
  no idea what makes saward defend him so much , maybe he 's just tired of that anti-palmer circlejerk , i do n't know ... but i 'd be very surprised if he proves himself worthy . 
  yes i did and i probably just poorly worded my own comment , sorry about that . 
  i mean what was so special about palmer 's driving that got saward excited about him - sure he describes his progress through gp2 , but that 's not something to get excited about imo . 
  what i get excited about with drivers is their driving , and heck i did n't really get any excited by palmer - and i 've seen quite a bit of gp2 in 2014 . 
  i do n't care how many articles he wrote about him , the fact he pulls out these `` he 's been progressing through gp2 slowly but nicely '' arguments simply seems to me like `` defend him so much '' , because he probably has nothing better to bring to the table anyways ... 
  we shall see very soon . 
  i may be wrong , but i 'd be surprised in this case . 
  did bbc hire wtf1 team or what ? 
  yeah ... after all this time of hearing nothing and suddenly hearing that it 's bad ... we all know what 's very likely coming . 
  fuck that . 
  3-4 tenths is quite a gain , i 'll say good job if that happens to be true . 
  way to go . 
  wow . 
  that sounds way too good to me . 
  yeah , now that you said it , i see it . 
  wow .
