  i liked that defense , but cut the bullshit seb . 
  he really sounded physically exhausted in the radio . 
  that was some serious heavy breathing all race long . 
  i love it . 
  this is how it should be . 
  i 'm starting to get jealous of this kid . 
  this is a lifetime experience for him . 
  i have seen worse . 
  yeah , he clearly was n't matching vet/ham duo 's pace ( no matter what reason ) and ricciardo was so far away they just could n't care less . 
  it was very sensible to let him slow down vettel before pitting him . 
  he was losing nothing by staying considerably longer on that set . 
  i believe kimi just gained some protection from shitstorm by spending a bit of time with that kid . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fair , but that 's probably why . 
  neither of them deserved bad ratings . 
  in a car that was 1.5 seconds faster per lap than everything else besides mercedes and ferrari that 's like finishing dead last , honestly . 
  exactly . 
  i always rate drivers and teams somewhat relative to their expected performances . 
  if they exceed expectations , they deserve best rating automatically . 
  exception is front-runners , but there you can judge stuff easily as camera focuses on them more . 
  just look at mclaren , by no means they are better performing than williams and no sane fan would call their spanish result good ... but you kinda expected williams to be way higher considering speed of their car . 
  hence why they clearly deserved worst rating . 
  i 'd like to add that i really like how you make all gained data look nice and organize them well . 
  it 's not just copy/paste of link to raw results in some google spreadsheet . 
  good job . 
  looking at overall driver ratings this season so far , i know that it 's partially due to hype train going like crazy , but especially after last year it 's really good to see that vettel is driving his best every race without any stupid mistakes . 
  and there definitely is alot of pressure to cope with . 
  i guess people rated him better as he did rather well while defending against vettel for a few laps . 
  not much else there to it tbh . 
  kimi and max were just unlucky . 
  100 % believe in : alonso knew about crashgate . 
  somewhat believe in : mercedes burned oil for performance boosts . 
  misunderstood conspiracy : rbr traction control shitstorm in 2013 . 
  afaik they were using engine mapping so that under acceleration they did n't use all cylinders , but it 's not really a traction control . 
  traction aid , sure ... but not a traction control . 
  i am very skeptical about rbr for the rest of this year . 
  the gap to front is still really big , unles some serious pile-up happens in front , chances of winning a race this year are very low for them . 
  let alone fighting for anything more than 3rd in constructors - which is n't even a fight as cars behind them are way slower . 
  max and daniel are for the most part just going to run around in circles this year , which is a real shame , because having those two fighting in front would definitely add to the spectacle . 
  fingers crossed for renault updates , but i am skeptical . 
  even if they catch up , the point gap by then will be considerable . 
  best case scenario for this season is that vettel vs. hamilton fight stays open all season long . 
  or ferrari vs. mercedes fight for what it 's worth . 
  nah , by this time they had one win in their pocket and generally challenged ferrari on occassions . 
  that did n't happen this year at all . 
  max came from f3 as well and did just fine for the most part . 
  and he was also younger . 
  i 'm not saying stroll ca n't drive at all , but he just might not be on level that f1 requires . 
   i just fundamentally disagree with that interpretation . 
  that i can certainly understand . 
  i would n't get mad at anybody for saying that red bull was in grey area rules wise with it . 
  but when people straight up claimed that it was traction control ... that was just plain wrong . 
  even as vettel fan i approve that . 
  it was smart strategy . 
  whoever gets mad because of it , or calls it cheating ( i 've seen some ) is a moron . 
  is he for real ? 
  now they are probably testing waters to see how kotlin holds up when it hits mainstream ( as some less hardcore devs including me never heard of it before ) . 
  and if reaction are good they might just slowly start to back off from java . 
  the fact that it can run alongside java makes it even more attractive as that way you are not forced to rewrite entire projects , but rather can try kotlin while implementing some additional features to see whether you like it or not . 
  looks cool . 
  i 'll give it a shot once my finals are over . 
  lol , so many irl related people in that show . 
  they really are asking for jokes on that name . 
  failed edition . 
  good . 
  oh damn , in 10 years time kimi probably will be long gone from f1 racing . 
  imagine the memes if he was still racing . 
  though on a serious note , i 'm not sure how i feel about that track . 
  i 've never tried it in any sim or something , but just by looking at layout it reminds me quite a bit of hungaroring ... which is n't really my favorite track to be honest ... but in the end could have been worse . 
  yep , that 's it . 
  time to go out for a walk , enough internet for today . 
  hah , that 's a good point actually . 
  well , it seems to work most of the time . 
  ca n't wait to see 2017 cars shred through this track . 
  why is the guy blindfolded tho . 
  this , pretty much . 
  just like main movies it can be enjoyed by both adults and kids . 
  just because it 's animated it does n't mean that it deviates from standard star wars target group . 
  anakin 's entire downfall revolves around his love for padm\u00e9 , of course it was necessary to put her in it . 
  not a single word and yet so many emotions . 
  let 's be real . 
  jedi are generally the good guys and such , but they were kind of a dicks in prequels . 
  both to anakin and ahsoka . 
  had it not been for their dogmatic approach to the force and their ignorance of anakin 's fears none of that stuff would happen . 
  just the fact that they had no real threat for thousand years or so made them arrogant and weak . 
  my friend . 
  thanks for the chance op , 
  live long and prosper . 
  this is probably the best fan made trailer in that `` switch up trailers '' style . 
  it 's the little things , but cheeky one-liners like that are something that actually establishes good connection between anakin and vader . 
  especially when talking tcw version of anakin . 
  it 's kinda funny because i remember reading after those tests some dude from pirelli stating that ferrari mule was n't really representative of upcoming regulations and that red bull mule worked the best for their data . 
  we even joked here about it as if ferrari ca n't even get mule car right . 
  and how did that turn out . 
  * i wo n't leave you . 
  not this time . 
  * then you will die . 
  i never though i could be so emotionally touched by cartoon tv series that 's rated 7 + . 
  i was speechless despite knowing that it was coming . 
  it was the same kind of speechless-ness ( ugh ) that i had after seeing the force awakens for the first time . 
  that alone says alot - a single tv series episode managed to stun me the same way a movie i waited 10 years for did .
