  at that point he might as well be 35 + years old himself lol . 
  well ... we 've been talking about this `` ferrari surely wo n't extend his contract '' thing for 2 + years now and here we are . 
  but maybe if they manage to lose wcc chances due to kimi 's performances they will reconsider it . 
  and hire grosjean xd . 
  same as coffee overkill tbh . 
  i had that once , i was like 15 and did n't know a thing about possible coffee overdose , and i was really tired and home alone so i just though whatever let 's make a really strong coffee . 
  strong meaning that i put two full regular spoons ( big ones used for soups and stuff ) into giant mug and drank it . 
  about an hour later i started feeling very dizzy , as if my head was suddenly way heavier than rest of my body . 
  again , nobody at home . 
  at first i did n't know what is going on , so i did n't really think about it and just layed on the bed waiting for it to stop . 
  it got worse , my heart was beating as if i was running a marathon even though i was just laying on the bed . 
  it was crazy . 
  called my parents , told them about that strong coffee i had . 
  at that point i had minor hallucinations ( colorful dots when turning head fast and stuff ... do n't really know how to say it in english ) . 
  father took me to hospital where they injected me some shit to slow down my heartbeat frequency ... it was super weird , in a few minutes i felt as if i was drunk . 
  i just came home and slept for the rest of the day . 
  what was way worse than this entire experience was those anxiety attacks i have every once in a while since . 
  over time i learned to realize that it 's just my brain randomly going crazy but yeah ... still not a nice feeling . 
  i was dumb as fuck , so to you all kids around here - do n't be as dumb as i was . 
  caffeine overdose is not a nice thing . 
  that being said , i never stopped drinking energy drinks or coffee , but as with everything - moderation is key . 
  i might be considered a dick for saying something like this but honestly ( no trolling or hating on daniil intended ) to me it seems like that kind of forced thing people would say just to seem like : `` i 'm cool about it , okay ? 
  i moved on , i can joke about it now . 
  see ? 
  see ?! '', 
  obviously he did n't care about tyre degradation in 2010 with hard bridgestones haha . 
  times have changed . 
  omg i always thought that bottas looks familiar to me but i could n't point where is that coming from . 
  nice job . 
  i 'm a junior software developer , i already have some solid experience , but when i was on the very beginning with little to no experience and just very basic principles knowledge i often used `` trial and error '' method , or just copied solutions found on the internet . 
  at certain point i got it working and checked my given task as done , sometimes even within provided timeframe . 
  but it was at cost of not really deeply analysing the code , which led to me having completed a task that i did n't understand at all . 
  for time being it 's all good , i can commit it into production line and project manager was happy that it 's done . 
  but then there comes another task ( update , tweak , bugfix whatever ) ... and you 're fucked because to build on previous foundation you often need to understand it 's principles . 
  now i 'm definitely not familiar with engine development , but i think very similar principles apply . 
  even more so given that you 're working with extremely complicated machine . 
  you need to understand both your issues and your solutions to them , otherwise sooner or later it 's going to catch you unprepared . 
  ... damn . 
  you 're forgetting that average driver skill level of 1997 was way below current standards . 
  and they better be glad that there was schumacher racing because otherwise that average skill would have been even lower . 
  rosberg is considerably better driver . 
  he could have just backed alonso 's indy bid without being a dick towards guys who did n't even mean anything bad against alonso in first place , they just provided their personal perspective ... but it 's villeneuve . 
  people took c3po with lightsaber or anakin vs vader combat in the force unleashed well . 
  certain drivers being significantly better for car development than others . 
  seriously . 
  there may be some difference in how much input engineers can get from each driver , but i honestly do n't believe it makes as much of a difference . 
  also `` if he 's faster why does he not just overtake the guy . '', 
  grinds my gears like crazy . 
  whoever says that just shows zero experience with racing and small knowledge of f1 's principles . 
  wow definitely not !, 
  there 's nothing like a fake fan as long as you actually liked the movies . 
  welcome aboard , this universe has alot to offer . 
  i 'm actually somewhat jealous of you op , as stepping into the universe fresh and experiencing it as a new story has a very strong magic to it . 
  may the force be with you . 
   fake , and you could tell easily . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  i could n't until i read about it online . 
  and none of my friend i told them about it could n't tell as well , they were all genuinely surprised that all masked clones were cgi . 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  the only truly immersion breaking thing for me was final ground battle in tpm . 
  that truly looks dated af , but i 'm not hating on it . 
  it had to start somewhere . 
  ... and people laughed at vettel fans making excuses in 2014 ... 
  i mean ... they were just as laughable as raikkonen 's fans excuses . 
  yeah , it 's hands down one of the most emotional moments of all star wars . 
  9.8 / 10 rating on imdb says it all . 
  filoni set new benchmark with that . 
  definitely prequels style . 
  i do n't care how overly flashy and unrealistic it is according to some , this is star wars we 're talking about , i do n't watch star wars for realisting fencing . 
  prequels fights are just most fun to watch . 
  because you can easily repeat success of episode that had almost 10 years of storytelling and emotional buildup ... right ... give me a break . 
  `` is that ~ ~ glock ~ ~ alonso ? '', 
  incoming, 
  and rebellions are built on hope . 
  mchonda : turning hope into nope . 
  it depends on car . 
  i certainly like it on ferrari for example . 
  definitely would n't go for banning it . 
  they 'll push it back to december anyways . 
  people are already used to christmas star wars , and it 's not beneficial to push out two major movies so close to each other . 
  hyping people up over course of entire year gives them way more space than five months period does . 
  let 's not rush it . 
  revan tetralogy pls . 
  he needs to get over it . 
  why does everyone want to go back to jakku, 
  compared to 1980 car f14t seems like a great success lol . 
  absolutely . 
   it has won as many titles as ferrari . 
  i do n't buy that argument anymore . 
  i can see bigger picture behind it , but retiring every other race surely is way more frustrating than finishing third with some odd second and first places . 
  always liked that little smile of his . 
  he smiled even at pretty dark moments , to avoid some tcw spoiling . 
  chills . 
  every single time . 
  beautifully said . 
  certainly if you happen to go into corner at speed that you 'd usually go in with working rear wing . 
  even if drs is just stuck open it 's a major issue for drivers through corners . 
  no way hamilton is that slow compared to bottas . 
  the only thing from top 4 standings that stays somewhat realistic is raikkonen 's gap to vettel . 
  mercedes will up their game in an hour or so .
