agreed . 
  when greece made a very similar threat because she could n't handle the influx of immigrants , redditch went apeshit when greece proposed giving them visas . 
  how on earth did greece not make the top of this list ? 
  is this the way they chose to announce we 've left the euro ? 
  no greek people i knew cheered . 
  it seems you hang around some shitty people . 
  haha , this my picture , and the exact same caption i used for it on facebook . 
  glad to see it has entertained so many !, 
  self determination ? 
  sign me up . 
  crimea was hardly that , though . 
  russia invaded first , then ( very conveniently ) did we see separatist movements . 
  such sentiment is what causes nationalism , and nationalism worries me . 
  but you do have a point . 
  depends . 
  some countries ( see , uk , germany , france ) do well with healthcare . 
  countries like greece do bad in any sector not relating to government . 
  hell , we even do government bad . 
  my above comment was about the greek government . 
  good . 
  the airports were going to waste . 
  this is a classic example of how government has no business in areas not directly involved with government . 
  that logic is not sound when applied to current world standings . 
  istanbul is turkish . 
  however they 've only had jr for about 500 years , whereas the greeks have had it it , and built it a couple millennia ago . 
  does that mean it is greek ? 
  nope . 
  ha , first time most of the balkans have their shit together . 
  up until yesterday , the us had no relations with iran . 
  not quite sure what the status quo is with somalia . 
  i am sure if we did some research we would find out why this is the case - yet we may still not agree with the logic . 
  exactly !, 
  americans are good for eu business , so let them be . 
  they also almost never stay behind illegally . 
  on most of your issues , i will agree . 
  however : so what if the us has a larger army budget than that of the eu ? 
  does that somehow mean the us is responsible for the eu 's protection ? 
  not in my book , at least . 
  the imf is a quote system , agreed . 
  so you have four eu cmajor countries whose money goes to it that only then matches that of the us . 
  why should the american tax payer have to pay for the mess of the eu and greece ? 
  it should n't . 
  and the eu has made it clear there would not have been a bailout with the imf . 
  here 's a link of european countries requesting military help from the us : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-nato-russia-iduskcn0xt1zr again , all i am trying to say is that the us has offered far more to the eu than the eu has offered the us . 
  let 's not be greedy and petty here . 
  because europe has a large tourism sector that greatly benefits from visa free travel , and the us could care less about european tourists because we have so much internal tourism . 
  moreover , most eu countries are part of the visa waiver program . 
  the few that are n't are because they are found to consistently break their promise of returning to their countries , and illegally stay in the us . 
  if they stopped that , the us would gladly include them in the program . 
  if we 're going to talk about fairness , the us also fought and won a wwii with and for europe , and is still the main army protecting the eastern borders - at european request . 
  nato forces are patrolling the aegean as we speak to control immigration - the eu has failed that too . 
  the us does far more for you , than the eu does for the us . 
  yes , but the above poster was not recommending that . 
  he was recommending greece does not need debt relief . 
  poverty has doubled , unemployment has hit record level highs , child poverty has reached 1/4 . 
  how much more of a hammer do you want ? 
  i had to leave the country because i could n't make it . 
  i hope you enjoy the hammer you cunt . 
  perhaps now that he imprisoned half of the gulenists , perhaps now they may hate him . 
  otherwise winning elections with 49.80 % , and growing in popularity is not proof of a massively hated party . 
  even if you combine the other parties they still only get 50.19 % . 
  this means erdogan 's party has crazy , massive support that seems to only get stronger . 
  some people are not enough people unfortunately . 
  if you combine all of the seats the other parties won collectively , they 're still behind erdogan . 
  akp essentially won 50 % of the vote . 
  if more than half of turks hated erdogan , he would n't be winning elections now , would he ? 
  hardly a colony . 
  if anything it 's the other way around . 
  hey !, 
  baklava is not greek . 
  i 've been saying this to personal friends for ages . 
  feta is special to the greeks . 
  we 're known for it , and in a time where we are n't so successful , hidden by our own former glorious past , and remembered for bad economics little things like feta matter a lot . 
  anyone , especially the turks can make it . 
  they can appropriate it and use it in all their dished . 
  i ca n't control that , nor do i want to . 
  i 've had many turks claim things as theirs when historically it is impossible . 
  perhaps i was triggered . 
  especially when i have heard dozens of turks claim effesos as a temple they built . 
  enjoy the feta !, 
  i 've got a bucket of the stuff to share next time you 're in . 
  the us . 
  those are all interesting and unrelated subjects . 
  i have n't rejected cultural influences anywhere above . 
  it 's typical to knock down great walls when you have none of your own . 
  you 're giving that impression . 
  and you continue to do so by making arguments against a culture inventing anything . 
  now that you have obviously been proven wrong , you want to claim you never made that claim . 
  the thread is about cheese from your country . 
  then everyone talks about cheese their country makes . 
  i 'm sure greeks make cheddar cheese too , but we do n't claim it as our own . 
  and of course feta is part of your cuisine !, 
  it is also part of ours . 
  sure they can !, 
  they make great wine too if they go around telling people they invented wine , then they 'd get the same treatment you get for doing the same . 
  it 's not ultranationalism to say something your culture has been doing for many thousands of years is their own when someone claims it was another who invented it . 
  what 's next ? 
  did the turks design hagia sofia too ? 
  typical turkish approach . 
  `` we did n't make much , so we will discredit all those that do . '',
