oh no , sorry by `` pure '' , i did n't mean `` white '' or exclusively `` greek , '' i just meant to keep free of troublemakers . 
  sorry english is my 2nd language . 
   greece will not sell there country out like sweden , if blood has to be spilled than it will flow . 
  europe needs more greeks . 
  you guys sound like heroes . 
  proud and ready to fight . 
  keep your country pure . 
  i meant riots against non-muslims . 
  muslims regularly ( usually fridays after prayers ) riot in christian areas of the middle east and attack churches and businesses owned by christians . 
  yes true . 
  but if you put aside that , at the end of the day the jesus message is completely different than the mohammad message . 
  while i am no fan of catholicism , i think that there is a large difference between the character of jesus , a poor , peaceful , celibate and humble man with no land or army , and the character of mohammad , a warlord intent on conquest who bedded a 9 year old . 
  even if one does n't believe that these characters existed , there is still a large difference between them . 
   why are the islamic people going crazy ? 
  while all of the rioting and attacks from muslims is new to europe , it is not new to the rest of the world . 
  ask any minority from the middle east or india and they 'll tell you that this has been happening for 1500 years . 
  islam is a religion made to conquer ( the ultimate goal is to wage jihad against all the infidels and take over the world ) . 
  their prophet was a bloody warlord . 
  that 's their inspiration . 
  they 're not getting crazy , they 've always been crazy , it 's just that as their populations grow they feel more confident to assert their dominance . 
  this is the non-pc truth and i 'll probably get downvoted to hell for it . 
  a population of less than 3 % muslim like in ireland and the us is small enough that they will not make trouble but once they get closer to 10 % like in france and sweden , they get more confident ; they start forming ghettos , asserting their dominance and their law on it ( `` no-go zones '' ) which slowly degenerate into pocket of shit that look like the the middle east . 
  the streets of european cities are becoming more and more dangerous for young women as the coming of muslims has soared rape rates as well as other crime rates ( did you see that video of that young woman walking down the street in 25 % muslim brussels , it looked like she 'd be safer walking down the streets of cairo ) . 
  and if you think this is bad , wait till the baby boomers die off and all of a sudden , the muslim population becomes instead of 10 % -  25 % + . 
  you 'll wish you could get a visa to canada/us . 
  all the meanwhile , the european politicians and most europeans sit back completely clueless with no dignity as their country is being taken over by islamic colonialists who are outbreeding them like crazy and the liberal states they fought so hard to build have become a joke to the world as rape rates , fgm , rioting , etc. 
  soar . 
  hispanic is a race . 
  islam is not . 
  i am free to criticize islam as much as i like just as i am free to criticize nazism and communism because they are all ideologies . 
  on that note , why do n't you consider opposition to nazism racism towards germans ? 
  hispanics integrate and become pretty much american by the 2nd or 3rd generation at most . 
  if the us becomes 50 % hispanic , it wo n't change too much really other than more mexican restaurant . 
  in europe however , integration decreases per generation ... 
  airports and train stations usually . 
  i do n't think the guns are actually loaded but the ammunition is nearby . 
   funny thing you brought that up , actually . 
  since you 're obviously a right-wing nutter from another country , who does n't know anything about sweden , i 'll link you the english article about the gang `` og '' [ 1 ] . 
  founded by assyrians and now consisting of all kinds of ethnicities and religions . 
  and these are really bad people . 
  they do worse stuff than burning cars . 
  according to your link the gang was formed by an assyrian . 
  that 's it , the rest of the members are europeans and immigrants . 
  calling it assyrian is a joke . 
  its members do n't go around killing people in the name of syriac orthodoxy , idiot , that 's the difference aside from the fact that 's far more heterogeneous then your riot gangs which are 95-99 % muslim . 
   swedish youth gangs , the type you lot in other countries like to write about , consist of all types of people , as i 've said . 
  you 're firmer assertion does not make you 're claims true , and the onus is on you to prove them . 
  but you can agree they 're 99 % muslim , right ? 
  or are delusional ? 
   use the expression `` allahu akbar '' as well . 
  even though they are christians . 
  `` allahu akbar '' is exclusively a muslim term . 
   but all this is beside the point . 
  youth gangs in sweden are not the religious extremists . 
  we have religious extremists , and a fare share of muslim ones . 
  those are , however , not the ones burning cars . 
  they do other things , of which i do not approve . 
  i agree that the ones burning are not all necesarily the bearded white robes type but that 's who gives them their inspiration . 
  they teach them to hate swedes , treat swedish girls as inferior sluts , etc. 
   i would never have the stomach to compare genocides to win an argument over you on the internet . 
  why are you so obsessed with spreading lies about muslims ? 
  why are you trying to make up a conflict ? 
  you are spreading hatred , and i hope , for the sake of humanity , that you change your ways . 
  answer this genius , who is more in danger in the mena , a muslim or a christian ? 
  holy fuck if your type represents even 10 % of swedes then i can imagine why your country went from a haven to a shithole with one of the highest rape rates in the world . 
   you have some balls to tell me what 's going on in my country . 
  i do my best seeing as your media and politicians censor the information you get . 
   i would like to see a source for this . 
  anyone , who is not a anti-islamic french muslim-baiter who has never set foot in sweden , knows that ronna , or even s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje as a whole , is not a nice place to live in . 
  anyone with any sort of experience in sweden would also know that youth gangs in sweden often feature both christians , such as assyrians , and muslims , from the middle east . 
  and that the assyrian / `` syrianska '' community has huge problems with force marriages and mega fights between families . 
  are there any riots in the assyrian neighborhood ? 
  do you have nay proof that assyrians are rioting ? 
  do you have any proof they also join the same gangs ? 
  i highly doubt what you are saying is true . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  swedish `` youth '' gangs are composed of mena muslims , somali muslims and afghani muslims . 
  they usually yell religious slogans ( `` allahu akbar '' ) , allude to `` the war against muslims '' for their hate against swedes and often make statements with heavy islamic tone . 
  i really do n't see why an assyrian ( who just fucking fled from muslims ) would join these groups . 
  assyrians do n't even consider themselves arab and have their own languages . 
  if you really think christians in the mena are n't way more oppressed than muslims , then you should go fuck off . 
  the christian population in the mena has gone from 20 % in the 1900s to 4 % today . 
  there have been ethnically cleansed . 
  every week in iraq , a church is blown up , a christian family is butchered , etc. 
  simply because they are chrisitians . 
  swedes and assyrians do not go nor subscribe to the same churches . 
  swedes are protestant and barely go to church anyways . 
  assyrians are orthodox . 
  their churches are not in communion at all with neither catholic nor protestant churches . 
  that ca n't at all be the reason they succeed so well . 
  assyrians are exclusively christian . 
  i just think that it is interesting that two groups ( mena christians and muslims ) from the same region can be so different solely due to their religious affiliation . 
  i 'm not saying their christianity is the reason for their success but it points out to how big of a factor islam plays in the trouble of muslim immigrants to integrate into european society . 
  middle eastern jews also have high success rates in europe . 
  thus , it seems islam and not culture nor ethnicity that is the root of the problem otherwise assyrians would be just as bad as muslims which is n't true . 
  in fact , they 're very successful and valuable to swedish society . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assyrians/syriacs_in_sweden do you disagree with this statement ? 
  interestingly enough , christian immigrants from the middle east are much more successful . 
  yes , there is nothing wrong with having a refugee system because some people do need and deserve it . 
  in sweden , assyrian christians ( christians from syria , turkey , iraq , etc. ),
