now it 's getting really dark . 
  well , that 's a fact . 
  at least he put down the base for todays autobahn . 
  for a slightly different purpose though . 
  i absolutely do not have a problem with people who need asylum . 
  if their claim is legit they have all the right to move here . 
  i do n't have a problem with immigrants either , in general . 
  and i do n't think we should pull up the borders like pretty eu . 
  but we need harsher rules and controls as to who is allowed in . 
  and it needs to be documented better so that we can better dismantle those fraudulent ones . 
  i mean it ca n't be that there are full houses of immigrants that have the same type of firm that roughly `` makes '' the minimum amount to get support by the state . 
  not just for them , but for their complete family too . 
  technically , hitler build them . 
  my point basically is that if we leave german this open for unsupervised immigration , we will ruin it in the long run . 
  why ? 
  if we let the parasites ( not all of the immigrants are parasites , or even most are n't ) do what they do , others will see how easy it is and they will come . 
  you are completely right . 
  when there is immigration , it 's the governments job to ensure its success by every support possible . 
  you are aware that 50 pfennig are roughly 25 cents , yes ? 
  and i looked that price up . 
  of course we have well integrated turkish people . 
  i did n't say otherwise . 
  they are n't stupid people in general . 
  the reason all your turkish friends are well educated is because of were you met most of them . 
  i am living in frankfurt , so it 's not like we are 99 % german either . 
  and most turkish people i met up until the abitur were idiots . 
  and half of them still are . 
  i do n't say all of them are , but my studying coworker who is a turk too says that most of them are idiots . 
  and he grew up in a turkish circle . 
  i 'm not saying all turks are stupid , lazy or extremist moslems . 
  in fact , most of my circle of people do have a migration background . 
  i am not against `` multi-kulti '' . 
  i 'm against opening the flood gates by any means necessary . 
  you are aware though that the bavarian politicians are strictly against all those payments in germany ? 
  and that they try to get out of that ? 
  you really believe that those huge firms pay most of their taxes in germany ? 
  look at amazon or ikea , they both pay them in luxembourg . 
  nowhere did i say * everything * doubled in prices . 
  for example , look at a scoop of ice cream . 
  what did that cost in 99 ? 
  what does it cost now ? 
  upwards of 1 euro . 
  and they are smaller too . 
  do you really believe that the companies pay the people more money just because they sell more ? 
  great , now you try laying racist words and phrases in my mouth . 
  good on you . 
  actually though , most of my friends have migration background , most of my coworkers to and most of my fellow students do too . 
  so thanks . 
  they by the way think that german immigration laws are too lax . 
  just a little anecdote : 2 years ago i met someone who immigrated here to study . 
  he came from chile . 
  he told me how baffled he is about how open our borders are . 
  how we essentially do not care who comes in or even if they learn out language . 
  or can communicate with us at all . 
  he found it funny too how we do n't have the balls to say no because of our past . 
  it 's our fault large groups of immigrants do n't integrate ? 
  they all keep to themselves often . 
  turkish communities , polish , russian , use whatever nationality you want . 
  you are saying we do n't have a problem with them turkish immigration wave from after the war anymore ? 
  i do n't know where you live , here though , the * children * or the children of their children are the problem , not the ones who actually migrated here . 
  and of course not all . 
  i met plenty people with turkish origin who are n't complete failures . 
  i 'm not talking about inflation though . 
  just the price changes when we switched from the dm to the euro . 
  and the prices were stupid when we changed . 
  i do n't know how it has changed over the years exactly , since i was n't in an age were i closely followed that stuff back then , but at the start of the euro most things were considerably more expensive . 
  yeah , might be that the companies benefit from easy export , but that does not translate to higher wages than before . 
  i did n't see any back payments for the 100s of billions of euro we payed . 
  some shops did , with some items . 
  yes . 
  others were 1.5 x the prices or 1.2 x the price . 
  basically everything between the exchange value and just the same number . 
  sorry , you got ta ask greece for the money . 
  you mean that same bavaria that tries to cheat them self out of every payment possible ? 
  surely , but what about the others that came since their country joined the eu ? 
  or all the other people that came from out of the eu ? 
  they are still a lot from the work force . 
  sure , not as many as when we invited them to rebuild germany , but still a lot . 
  all that while we close down factories . 
  so i did n't see them carrying over the numbers and just changing dm to euro ? 
  yeah . 
  that was 2000 . 
  hey literally just crossed out the dm and replaced it with an euro sign . 
  so was hitler . 
  he is talking about recent news . 
  we are talking about recent events in light of the election from sunday . 
  it even says in the video linked that they are mostly middle/upper middle class kids . 
  i do n't see a problem with beating up anti fa either . 
  everything got more expensive , up to twice as expensive . 
  and no one earns more . 
  at least no one who would need it . 
  yes . 
  but nothing happens . 
  well , until now at least . 
  i do n't see how you are relevant . 
  i 'd rather go at it alone than open the borders for everyone . 
  i do n't have problems with other countries , but i 'm not a big fan of paying people welfare who never have paid into it , and neither intend to . 
  and partly do n't even live here . 
  the # 1 country i 'd want to exclude would be romania , they are the source of the most offenders of the former mentioned behaviour patterns . 
   no , personally i would prefer that sweden left the union i want that too , for germany .
