  those days are long gone , its been almost 30 years . 
  ah yeah , the good old '' it was in the past , so it doesnt happen anymore '' . 
  okay lets see http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/03/31/turkish-jet-fighters-violate-greek-airspace/ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34215301 https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/03/20/turkey-crackdown-kurdish-opposition does n't seem like the past , if the same things still happen to nowadays . 
  funniest thing is you will probably tell me '' i dont support erdogan ! '', 
  but you support all his terrorizing of other countries and people . 
  nice try , but it does . 
   btw . 
  it 's somewhat entertaining that the sheer existence of the turkish republic not the existence of the turkish republic , rather the injustice that your country has been doing to others . 
  but since it has been being unjust and genocidal since its very existence , i understand your point . 
  they are if you consider the black sea . 
  here is one of the confessors : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ayhan_%c3%87ark%c4%b1n, 
  the difference is that we live in a very different time , and your leader erdogan is pushing literally everywhere towards war . 
  there is no country in the region which doesnt have conflict with turkey . 
  sooner or later he will make a huge mistake and then will have to pay for it . 
  also , i dont understand why you would rather be part of an islamist country than be part of greece . 
   i envy swedes and norweigans who can go pretty much everywhere in the world and not count their money when travelling . 
  imagine how greek people feel . 
  not even been able to travel lol, 
  i 'm starting to like macron more . 
  this is a great move . 
  wish that other western countries did the same , like usa where money is more important than experience ( hello betsy devoss ), 
  this is a populist , but funny move . 
   photo is just released by ex-turk soldier . 
  because the general on the left was killed in downed/fallen helicopter yesterday evening . 
   but photo has another detail . 
  these turkish soldiers are dressed in pkk outfits . 
  actively used that time to terrorize kurdish villagers . 
   turks would raid kurdish villages in kurdish pkk outfits , then blame on pkk . 
  win as propaganda to turks + win for demonizing pkk for kurds . 
   yet , in 2017 turkey is not over with their dirty war on kurds . 
  false flags are conspiracy theories for many , but for kurds its pure reality . 
   ex soldier ayhan carkin confessed many crimes , including the killed baby that became symbol of anti pkk propaganda . 
   but he is one of the very few turkish soldiers that confessed and e does n't confess anymore due to fear and the renewed war on kurds . 
  this tactic of disguising yourself like someone else and then terrorize their population , is a common military tactic for turkish military . 
  they did the same thing in cyprus , killing turks there and then blame cypriots for it . 
  / u/gardencityhooligan there is no civil war in turkey because a civil war would imply that both sides are somewhat close to eachother . 
  for example , syrian civil war is a civil war because most o fthem consider them syrians . 
  on the other hand , turkey has no civil war because turks dont consider kurds to be really part of their country ( kurds are not even mentioend in turkish constitution while christians are ) and kurds dont consider themselves turks for i dont even have to explain but just read this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish_villages_depopulated_by_turkey, 
   but i see and insurgency and millions of kurdish citizens living in peace and prosperity in western turkey . 
  you say it right , western turkey , because you know the situation in the kurdish-majority parts . 
  for those who dont know :  the number of kurdish villages depopulated by turkey is estimated at around 3,000 . 
  since 1984 , the turkish military has embarked on a campaign to eradicate the kurdistan workers party , a militant kurdish opposition group . 
  as a result , 30,000 people have died , and two million kurdish refugees have been driven out of their homes into overcrowded urban shanty towns . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish_villages_depopulated_by_turkey and before anybody says , '' those reports are biased '' . 
  i 'll tell you one thing . 
  turkey has been the # 1 for a very long time in jailing journalists . 
  they dont allow anybody to monitor the events in kurdish parts , so the only reliable media are the local people there . 
  some western media have limited reports on it :  ms sune was hit by shrapnel and died of her injuries , as she was not allowed into hospital for treatment , local reports say - due to a curfew declared over a week ago . 
  not allowing 53-year old women to go to the hospital . 
  '' peace and prosperity '' like the armenians . 
  someday it will come back under greek control , there is no evitable way around it . 
  the secular turks can be protected by greece and the islamists/ultranationalists will be brought to court turkey has since its existence been threatening and invading countries surrounding it , from [ syria in the 50/60 's to cyrpus to syria nowadays ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_crisis_of_1957 ) . 
  they have been killing the kurdish minority for 100 years now , even after many of them rejected militancy they were jailed ( think of hdp leader demirtas ) . 
  countries always become weaker and stronger in their history . 
  that 's just a fact and no country can espace that route . 
  next time turkey will be weak , all their neighbours ( from russia to greece to kurds to arabs to armenians ) will want to talk with them once again . 
  ** photo is taken in 1997 or 1992 **  photo is just released by ex-turk soldier . 
  because the general on the left was killed in downed/fallen helicopter yesterday evening . 
   but photo has another detail . 
  these turkish soldiers are dressed in pkk outfits . 
  actively used that time to terrorize kurdish villagers . 
   turks would raid kurdish villages in kurdish pkk outfits , then blame on pkk . 
  win as propaganda to turks + win for demonizing pkk for kurds . 
   yet , in 2017 turkey is not over with their dirty war on kurds . 
  false flags are conspiracy theories for many , but for kurds its pure reality . 
   ex soldier ayhan carkin confessed many crimes , including the killed baby that became symbol of anti pkk propaganda . 
   but he is one of the very few turkish soldiers that confessed and he does n't confess anymore due to fear and the renewed war on kurds . 
  this evil tactic of terrorizing civilians and then blame the other side is a known turkish strategy . 
  they did the same in cyprus , killing turks there and then blame cypriots for it . 
  izmir is the posterboy of turkey 's secularist ` society ' . 
  even there islamism is gaining more and more power . 
  20 years ago , if the person did something like this , he would be jailed for violating traffic laws . 
  nowadays , if you perform a prayer , the tram will stop . 
  he has no integrity at all . 
  he is a populist . 
  week ago he called for kicking out turkish ambassador and in a few weeks hell be going drinking with erdogan, 
  so what if obama said that too ? 
  at least obama changed his mind . 
  macron is another neoliberal `` freedom lord '' . 
  yall were praising him as af as the heaven goes , calling him the new free world . 
  free world for yall just means bombing others and then cry when refugees come, 
  and who is going to stop them ? 
  the non existent german army ? 
  did you help us in cyprus ? 
  its not about winning a war . 
  its about doing damage . 
  if these neo ottomans in germany start to riot or even launch terrorist attacks , how are you going to stop them ? 
  its not rhetoric , it is empirical evidence . 
  neo ottomanism is more supported among turks in netherlands and germany than everywhere else . 
  they are ready to roll over tanks and `` fight for their country '' these are not my words but what they tell, 
  so first you say `` shouldnt have killed those innocent turks in cyprus ( who were there because of colonialism in first place ) !, 
  killing innocent people is bad ! '', 
  then i show you that turks have been killing greeks for hundreds of years then i show you how hypocritical it is to even use that argument , considering how you still oppress and kill millions of minorities and then your answer is `` you are so mean !, 
  you dont understand turkeys oppression against kurds !, 
  its okay if we kill thousands of them but if they target one of us it is genocide ! '', 
  ever wondered why nobody who borders turkey , likes turkey ? 
  its because its always the others fault , even when turkey does it . 
  erdogan is therefore also the perfect reflection of turkish society . 
  i feel sorry for average turkish youth because they are so exposed to hating others , that they have to be in defense . 
  just enjoying your life without nationalism is considered `` terrorism '',
