  that turkish islamist politician and her gang being checked by dutch police was one of the most beautiful things ive ever seen in the world . 
  with this kind of mindset im glad uk left eu . 
  those people like churchill the criminal warlord , knew damn well that what they were doing was genocidal and a crime against humanity . 
  the racism that their blood was filled with caused them to do it . 
  dont try to relativize those kind of crimes against humanity . 
  according to your racist logic the jewish warsaw resistance was also a '' rebellion against its own country '' . 
  get the hell out . 
  read the swedish intelligence report . 
  nope , the coup was 100 % either staged or semi-staged . 
  no , not at all . 
  they banned him because he challenged the military dictatorship . 
  the same happened to lefists or kurds . 
  everybody who challenged the military dictatorship was either jailed or banned . 
  yes . 
  trump is hated by both of them because of that . 
  trump was a good friend of both parties until he began the anti-immigration policies . 
  then he turned into the boogeyman ( as if they had never know them , while they were best friends with trump before his anti immigration ) trump represents the civilian conservatives . 
  republicans are only conservative in the sense that they do not want government intervention . 
  republicans are pro-globalization , pro-immigration . 
  what op is insinuating is a very populist move . 
  in 1998 , erdogan was a way different man than today 's erdogan . 
  he actually reformed many problems in turkish society but has reverted his stance since the last few years again . 
  could that be predicted by anyone ? 
  hell no , not even by erdogan himself . 
  humans are not static beings . 
  you can not predict their behavior long term . 
  and what amnesty did was not because they love political islam , but because they were against turkish nationalist dictatorship . 
  yes they have , you havent even read the report . 
  even turkish special forces are embedded in their structure . 
  it 's a disgrace that you need special forces to kill civilians . 
  read the article . 
  it describes how turkish sponsored , and turkish backed islamists have attacked christian civilians . 
  can you blame them after merkel literally invited them to come to europe ? 
  you cant invite someone and then when he enters your house , you say '' no bro but you arent welcome '', 
  it 's a disgrace that only poland , czech and hungary refuse to take these economic migrants . 
  what about the other european countries ? 
  croatia , slovenia , slovakia , bulgaria and romania . 
  what happened to these countries that they want to accept migrants ? 
  also , why the hell is austria doing nothing ? 
  day and night they are warning others of migration and now they show no solidarity with the three other countries . 
  if all these mentioned countries would protest , then you have 9 countries protesting the sanctions . 
  where are you ? 
  lets pretend like turkish colonists arent flocking into turkish occupied cyprus and that turkish islamists dont kill christians in syria !, 
  yes it was . 
  turkey even admitted in un report . 
  nope , those arent ethnic swedes . 
  welfare states are breaking down due to ageing . 
  sweden wo n't be us style liberalism because thats in contrast to swedish norm, 
  the russian jet was shot down above syrian lands . 
  so even there turks violated international law . 
  and yesterday people were telling me that turkey was no threat to greece !, 
  lol and people tell me , i am crazy . 
  why do you even use an american flag ? 
  you are from turkey and a turkish nationalist . 
  also , the s400 wo n't defend you against usa . 
  usa has more bombs than s400 can handle . 
   were you raised with ` turks are coming ' paranoia by your parents ? 
  what 's up with this thinking ? 
  the borders have n't changed for almost a hundred years , but some greeks are talking like turks are going to invade them any minute . 
  just fucking chill . 
  no , i was raied with knowing how to use the internet and finding out how turkey invaded cyprus , invaded syria , invaded iraq and threatens to invade armenia and send migrants to eu to disintegrate the eu . 
   my favourite ones are also the ones thinking tayyip is a nationalis he is definitely a nationalist-islamist . 
  the fact that he is able to recruit the most radical turkish nationalists , shows this . 
   although he 's a populist islamist who 'd sell the whole country if the money went straight into his pockets . 
  nope . 
  money is not the only thing he thinks about . 
  he specifically ousted gulen because of power . 
   greece has to be the most salty country in the entire world . 
  well if we look at facts . 
  greece is in an economic and political alliance with most of its neighbors . 
  turkey on the other hand is at least hostile or at war with all its neighbors . 
  so who is the salty one , lol ? 
   turkey fights both the ypg/pkk and isis in syria , turkey doesnt fight isis . 
  turkey 's goal in syria is to fight syrian kurds . 
  if turkey really wanted to fight isis , they wouldnt wait 2 years with isis genociding minorities , killing 1700 shias in camp speicher and more . 
   what has greece done against isis greece is in an economic crisis and has its full military capability focused on thwarting a turkish invasion . 
   and why do you think that turkey is somehow obliged to house all of the refugees because erdogan and turkey are the so-called leaders of the muslim world , according to syrian jihadists and hamas . 
   turkey does n't want them either trust me . 
  turkish government definitely wants them . 
  and that 's what matters . 
   turkey had no reason to provoke isis at the time . 
  it would 've lead to many more terrorist attacks inside turkey . 
  and at least turkey invaded isis after 2 years , what ha yes , because they were allies and turkey let isis attack syrian kurds . 
  is n't it funny that the moment isis began losing against ypg , turkey '' intervened '' to attack isis as well ? 
  and then after that they told us the real reason , which was separating kurdish cantons ( something that isis was also doing before usa bombed them out of kobane ) ? 
   can this '' turkey supports isis '' bullshit stop already ? 
  it 's fucking disrespectful . 
  it 's disrespectful towards the innocent people to deny that turkey was a big player in making isis as big as it is . 
   turkish soldiers actually fought against isis in syria , not to mention all the people who died because of their terrorist attacks in turkey . 
  turkey started fighting isis after 2 years , because isis went against turkey . 
  and that was after isis genocided the yazidis , kidnapped christians , laid siege on kobane and committed multiple terrorist attacks in europe . 
  you are delusional , buddy . 
  let 's see what turkey has done in the last years : 1 . 
  supported isis until isis started to turn against its boss 2 . 
  then invaded syria to target syrian kurds under the premise of fighting isis 3 . 
  repeating illegal and immoral land claims against greece and cyprus 4 . 
  threatened eu with '' flooding europe with migrants if we dont get free visas '' 5 . 
  killed , jailed and tortured thousands of its own people for a mere suspicion yes , totally trustworthy country . 
  proud !, 
  dutchies , be afraid .
