   because r/europe likes having a prosperous and peaceful europe instead of a balkanized one for shit and giggles . 
  well spain is everything but prosperous with its 50 % youth unemployment . 
   lmao     you never fail to amaze me this post gets 9 points while his arguments get -20 . 
  this is the state of european leftists and their europhilia . 
   or spain could just invade you and put a stop to the `` rebellion '' . 
  disgusting how this is being upvoted . 
  so erdogan killing civilians and invading others is wrong but spain doing it is right ? 
   many catalan nationalists hold irredentist views towards perpignan in france ( which they refer to as northern catalonia ) . 
  the region is seen by them as a perpetual part of the same nation , despite the fact that it has been in france since 1659 and support for independence is marginal . 
  what kind of argument is this ? 
  crimea was also part of russia for most of its history , doesnt mean it isnt ukranian . 
  either way the people in french catalunia are catalunians , not ethnic frenchs . 
   edit : here 's another video of nationalists lighting bonfires on canig\u00f3 , again from people who are not from the french side of the border . 
  why ca n't they be there ? 
  after all it 's eu . 
  are you racially biased and is it why you do not want to see french and spanish catalunians connected in any way ? 
   this sub loves the eu , but they do n't love europeans . 
  they downvote anything that goes against their image of a perfect europe . 
  they desire the uk to end up in ruins just because they got out of the eu . 
  this . 
  100 % accurate . 
  this sub is extremely dictatorial and populist . 
  whoever does n't follow the '' eu is perfect '' ideology , is automatically a putinbot/troll/ignorant . 
  only they are right . 
  under his political term multiple kurdish parties have been banned . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_society_party and now they are in the process of banning hdp and already banned the top of the party ( and banned thousands of local politicians ), 
   both simply false . 
  hdp still exists no it doesnt exist when every prominent member gets jailed . 
   ro-erdogan kurdish tvs are working freely . 
  nonsense . 
  there are no pro-erdogan kurdish channels except trt turk , which is a turkish channel . 
  your reaction is the most ridiculous i ever read . 
  because it is in no way contradicting what i am saying . 
  banning a word is going to cover your crime ? 
  the north korea of the middle east keeps exposing itself . 
  macron is right and we should defend him . 
  if africa goes this way the climate in the world will be exterminated once they reach western level consumership . 
   i do n't like erdo\u011fan however probably he is the least anti kurdish turkish president . 
  that says more about the racist state of turkey than about how pro-kurds erdogan his . 
  he used to be pro-kurdish rights but has undid everything . 
   around 40 % of kurds voted for him in the presidential elections for a coouple of reasons . 
  first of them is that they think erdogan promotes stability ( which he doesnt ) . 
  second is because many of them are scared that their cities will be razed to the ground like what happened to the cities that voted against him . 
  third reason is some of them are islamist and are intentionally kept that way to suppress kurdish identity . 
   turkey having more kurds because the erdogan supporting kurds no he doesnt . 
  stop externalizing your problems on other people . 
  erdogan hates kurds that are self-aware ( most kurds ) . 
  he is clear when he says ` one flag , one nation , one language ' . 
  and i bet that the new comment will be * but the allows kurdish tv networks * , no he doesnt . 
  he has practically banned every kurdish tv channel he once allowed . 
  and what about kurdsih political party ? 
  he banned them , in addition to jailing thousands upon thousands of kurds . 
  he has closed the kurdish party , banned the kurdish tvs that he once allowed , is threatening syrian kurds , called iraqi kurdish flag '' separatist and terrorist '' . 
   it 's disingenuous to call it a ` liberation . ', 
  it is very ingenous to call it a liberation and most of the europeans now this . 
  by the time the reconquista happened , spain had been ruled by the moors for nearly a thousand years spain was occuppied by muslims , not ruled . 
  spain was raided and occuppied by non-european forces and was not voluntarily converted to islam , it came with the sword from as muslims say themselves . 
   here is no government that controls the whole country neither is there one in mexico or many other countries in latin america . 
  that does not mean the country is unstable . 
   and the situation could easily escalate . 
  well the situation also easily escalated in a rather stable country back-then , syria . 
  every country can escalate relatively quickly . 
   three different government battling for the most important ports , in . 
  how exactly is libya `` very stable '' ? 
  the same can be said to the us-mexico border which is home to some of the most violent conflicts in the world . 
  the different libyan governments are n't advancing on eachother a la syria . 
  it 's more like the situation in mexico where gangs compete for the same territory but with more satefy . 
   eu bureaucracy labels libya unsafe because it is unsafe . 
  nope . 
  by that logic , most countries in the world are unsafe . 
  india also has an active terrorist insurgency sponsored by pakistan . 
  is india unsafe too ? 
   besides , with so much battling for control of the country , with who would europe negotiate and which prospect of seeing a deal honored would we have ? 
  this is actually a legitimate question but can be worked out . 
  one option is to negotiate individually with every major faction that controls the seaborder . 
   instead of attacking him ad hominem why do n't you prove him wrong with sources ? 
  the source is this topic . 
  he is the one denying it . 
  if i bring an apple and somebody says no that 's orange , i dont need to prove it is an apple because everybody sees it is an apple . 
   if i check your comment history yours is n't any better , so a greek nationalist , calling some other person out for nationalism is ironic and funny . 
  well my greek heritage ( or nationalism ) is not in conflict with this topic . 
  that 's in contrast with nationalists who actively try to arm armenia and even deny some historic event . 
  libya is very stable to do that . 
  the problem is that the eu bureaucracy labels them unsafe because libya do not provide european style education , health care and job prospects ( which most of the world , including the us , doesnt for their own people ) . 
  turkey , the north korea of the middle east . 
  nope , it happened really . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/aug/16/black-lives-matter-cashes-100-million-liberal-foun/ http://insider.foxnews.com/2016/08/20/black-lives-matter-fund-gets-100m-liberal-foundations of course you wont see ny times or independent report on it . 
  they are part of the same movement as soros ' . 
   the british were n't in the process of rounding up and exterminating the irish . 
  t so if i just sexually harass a woman instead of raping her , it makes it good ? 
   the irish made up a huge part of their army and were about to get home rule . 
  what kind of argument is this ? 
  non russian slavs also made up a huge portion of soviet army . 
  doesnt mean that soviet union didnt want to russify and oppress them . 
   your comparison of the easter rising to the jewish resistance is insulting to jews . 
  and what about my logic was racist ? 
  no , your minimization of suppression , racism and colonialism by the brits against indians , irish and other oppressed people . 
  that is an insult . 
  yeah it 's actually pretty funny . 
  and it is also a little bit payback for soros financing violent protests from black lives matter .
