pkk officially confirmed that they are a branch of ypg months ago yet fucking politicians support ypg . 
  no they didnt . 
  there are links between ypg and pkk but that 's it . 
  pretty much everyone considers the ypg as separate but linked to pkk . 
   ypg is a terrorist organization aswell , using the scw to their benefits for arms . 
  ypg started as a necessity to protect kurds from the syrian terrorists supported by turkey . 
  ** [ nato ally turkey finds a new friend in syria : rebel group ahrar al-sham has ` close ties ' with al qaeda terrorists ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/nato-ally-turkey-finds-new-friend-syria-rebel-group-ahrar-al-sham-has-close-ties-al-2068641 ) **  he weapons that were given to ypg were captured in dead pkk member 's hands/safehouses . 
  google it . 
  no , those weapons were from the iraqi black market . 
  that 's literally the dumbest argument i 've ever read . 
  you are essentially saying , just because interests align then countries should have the option to do it . 
  but at least you admit that turkey has supported both isis and aq ( and still support aq-founded groups like ahrar ash sham ), 
  i 'll some a post from a polish redditor up :  we do n't have terrorist attacks , we do n't have hate preachers , we do n't have prisons full of minorities , we do n't have to spend billions on anti-terrorism programs , we do n't have immigrant ghettos , we do n't have immigrant rape gangs , etc etc. 
  is it really so hard to grasp that we would rather not repeat the mistakes that the west have made ? 
  no , while isis may have an influence , islamic terrorism in europe was there way before isis . 
  read up on van gogh how he was killed by an arabic migrant from nl . 
   neither did in the netherlands ( muslim pop . 
  6 % ) , yes it does , definitely . 
  netherlands has a very high rate of muslims who joined isis or other syrian jihadist movements . 
  there 's even a famous turkish jihadist who inspired many more to go . 
   and the americans did so too , so what ? 
  how is this in any way an argument ? 
   ortuguese people were insulted on the streets of warsaw while in erasmus there and harassed for being foreigners . 
  such sanity . 
  tbh many spanish , portuguese and italian men travel to poland for their women . 
  i 've known a few , and i know of a forum which actively discusses traveling to ee for women . 
  that 's not true according to reality . 
  iirc there was a case of an akp apponted major removing a kurdish sign on a municipality building and then the act was reversed by a minister higherup . 
  the civil war in turkey is there for more than 100 years . 
  ataturk ordered the killing of 40 000 civilians already in 1920/1930 . 
  according to sources :  according to nazi erol , the wife of \u015e\u00fckr\u00fc ( erol ) who was the eldest son the chieftain of bekiri tribe , her first child salih was killed and all of her crony women are killed , she could survive that massacre owing to be hidden under their corpse . 
  [ 31 ]  according to mehmet pamak 's grandfather , thousands of people , men , women , children and aged and their massacre by machine-gun fire , blood flowed out of that valley for days . 
  pamak 's aunt ( baby ) and his 80-years-old great-grandmother were bayoneted to death . 
  [ 1 ]  according to kakil erdem who is one of the living eyewitnesses of the zilan massacre , thirty five relatives of him were killed , soldiers cut and opened abdomen of pregnant women . 
  in front of his eyes , three relatives of him were scalped and two brothers of him were beaten with woods to death . 
  [ 27 ] http://abuse.wikia.com/wiki/zilan_massacre, 
  al qaeda is being supported by turkey . 
  well , not directly , but by subsides . 
  for example , turkey supported the army of conquest , where ahrar ash sham ( founded by an ex - aq member and openly supported and al nusra ( aq 's branch in syria ) both were members of the group . 
  in addition , when isis took over menagh in 2013 from assad , it was with the help of turkish-backed fsa . 
  so when those people flee to europe , they are invaders but when our people go to help them it is still not okay ? 
  what is okay with you guys ? 
  she was there to defend the people against isis and turkish backed jihadists . 
  have we forgotten that just 2 years ago there was an active genocide going on against christians and yezidis until the iraqi army , syrian army and kurds managed to push back isis ? 
  i admit that it was dumb of her to go through turkey . 
  turkey is known for hating kurdish autonomy . 
  in fact , [ in syria , turkey supports jihadist factions like ahrar ash sham who have straight ties with al-qaeda terrorists ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/ahrar-al-sham-in-syria-and-turkey-2015-10?international=true&amp;r=us&amp;ir=t ) . 
  what 's even more funny is that if these people flee to europe , people like you will be the first one to say '' they are threatening europe ! '', 
  yet when ypg defends people in the region so that there will be less refugees then it is still not good . 
   ya know alot of terrorism is home grown . 
  well , a lot of things are ` homegrown ' . 
  the fact that there are islamic terrorists who were born in europe does not change the fact that they are still inspired by islamism . 
   there is n't anything banning migrants will do considering polish themselves will convert to islam and conduct attacks as well . 
  there is a way lower chance of having terrorists attacks with less islam in your country than with more . 
  the islamist terror attacks in europe all happened in countries with large muslim populations . 
   i mean americans have been bombing and killing other americans long before islam was a thing and have been killing each other much more often then islam has there so its clearly the bigger threat . 
  this is a comparison i reject . 
  please do not distract from the topic which is islamism . 
  we do not need to make analogies . 
  islam has its own specific problems . 
   and what about the irish ? 
  i remember there was a time when terrorism ment stuff going on in uk and north ireland does that mean that catholics and protestants are also dangerous to the integrity of poland ? 
  what happened in ireland was a ethno-religious conflict and was about a specific place . 
  the threat of islamism has no borders or region as islam is a globalist religion which does not discriminate based on region . 
   how many bombs and shootings need to happen before we consider people dangerous ? 
  there is no amount . 
  islamism is prone to terrorism and extremism . 
  this is no secret , considering that islam spread for a large part through the sword . 
  and islamism is also not a matter of ` bombs and shootings ' because practically in every continent there are problems with islamist terrorists . 
   should it be 1 , 5 , 10 bombs before we start banning that nation for being to dangerous ? 
  what nation are you talking about ? 
  we were talking about islam . 
   should norway be banned because brekivk proves norwegians have a blood thirst for chaos ? 
  brekvik 's ideology is not endorsed by most people from norway . 
  on the other hand , islamist principles is being endorsed by hundreds of millions of muslims . 
  in some countries , it is even the majority . 
  * according to pew research , generally considered a social science institute with valid results , in some countries 91 % of the muslims believe sharia should be law * . 
  were people really that naive to think there 's no connection between ngo and traffickers ? 
  like , seriously , not trying to insult anybody . 
  i thought that was general knowledge ? 
  to be honest considering the terrorist attacks in combination with the ungratefulness of many islamic migrants in western countries , it is not illogical that poland , a country with a history of being torn up by foreigners is being wary of radical forms of religion . 
  of course , this does not mean that a random kid who happens to be brown should be insulted . 
  in fact , i stand by him . 
  however , what we have seen from many countries is that hate imams disguise themselves as * peaceful imams * once they reach the media but in the mosque they spew hatred against european countries . 
  * i do n't know if i can post a memritv link , so i 'll just use the title : '' italy friday sermon by imam nabil abd al-aziz : egyptian copts ban contraceptives as part of conspiracy to take egypt back from the muslims '' * an imam in italy , is spewing this kind of hatred and extremism . 
  if i were a pole and i saw that , i would be wary too . 
  and it 's not just one case , there are dozens if not hundreds of cases just on memritv alone . 
  surreal by its own standards ? 
  not so much . 
  why make human rights abuses a joke ? 
  that 's very disrespectful towards the families of the people . 
  and nobody is saying the turk from reddit is doing it . 
  we are talking about your leaders . 
  why is there only a choice between fascism and islamism ? 
  people apparently have such a low standard for turks that they expect either fascism or islamism . 
  why cant we root for liberal turks who do not build their country on the bodies of non-turks ? 
  if i had the choice between being raped or being tortured . 
  would there be a '' less worse choice '' ? 
  same with being killed by a nationalist or islamist . 
  also a guy who hated greeks , armenians , kurds and killed thousands of them .
