  even though i dont like her , lifting immunity is one of the greatest sins to democratic systems, 
  of course there were more from chp than hdp , chp is also a two times bigger party than hdp . 
  also , it does n't matter what chp thought about . 
  fact is they voted in favor of the law and now they can not suddenly protest against it . 
  they knew all along that akp was controlling the justice , even during that time . 
  chp voted for this law that lifted immunity . 
  now that the law has been used against them , they scream justice . 
  this is about the kurds though . 
  the law that made it possible to lift immunity of parliamentarians was meant for kurdish hdp . 
  chp notably even voted for the law . 
  now they are being treated with their own fist . 
  i dont think most turks mind it that much either . 
  just see how they behave when you mention pkk and then when you mention erdogan despite the pkk being no realistic threat to turkey while erdogan has been destroying turkey for year after year . 
  if we can count the akp and the mhp as one coalition , which they have been for the last 2 years , then i can not conclude anything else than that most turks are okay with the path turkey is going . 
  also , do not make the mistake of thinking that '' secularist turks '' means that they are all pro-europe . 
  secularist turks can be as anti-europe as islamist turks . 
  there are even secular people voting for erdogan . 
  do you also believe that the democratic republic of north korea is democratic ? 
  the problem is that the other side is basically colonizing the area . 
  unification of cyprus can possible mean a turkish majority because akp folks keep becoming '' native '' to that area by migrating and then saying * but we wer there 500 years ago , now it is our land !, 
  * while they bring people from the deep deep villages where even greeks have n't been . 
  those people will never be in charge unless in a secular dictatorship like turkey before erdogan . 
  european muslims are generally influenced by fundamentalist mosques + their parents socialize them with conservative views = when some of them become pro-west , they are accused of being zionist/atheist/traitor which deligitimizes them in the eyes of most muslims . 
  a few exceptions to this are azerbaijanis ( secular dictatorship ) , persian ( generally educated + seculars flee the country ) and kurds ( due to their enemies being muslim fundamentalists ) that i 've met . 
  turks were also part of this group but nowadays i can not really distinguish between an islamist and ataturk supporter as both of them do everything to damage control . 
  there is a reason why in almost all cases , democratic elections in muslim majority countries result into islamist governments . 
  extremists generally have an advantage over moderates in politics and this doesnt only apply to islam but to political ideologies in general . 
  why support a moderate one when someone is preaching the values you have in a less abstract way ? 
   nobody wants a strong russia in balkans . 
  i know many greeks who do , though . 
  because when it is said and done , and turkey invades us , germans arent going to help us but we can count on russia . 
  do you seriously believe that nato is about peace ? 
   you should stop commenting on stuff you do not understand . 
  you should stop whitewashing and minimizing your countries faults . 
   in iran clergy is in power in turkey erdogan controls clergy . 
  and erdogan is a secular leader , right ? 
  he is the head of the clergy himself . 
  just like irans khamenei . 
  countries meddling in each others ' election ? 
  woow what a suprise !, 
  it 's the same when obama went to the uk to support the remain campaign , the same when john mccain went all to ukraine to campaign for arms sales and the same when eu launched economic sanctions on ukraine over the so called '' human rights abuses '' ( while completely ignoring the crimes of saudi arabia and turkey ), 
  no it does n't beg to differ in my opinion . 
  the fact that some european countries have higher ratios , means that the muslims in europe are being radicalized by even more extremists than in some me countries . 
  and that is actually true , because european muslims are heavily influenced by wahabism , salafism and deobandism . 
  none of them are european , but are being supported in europe by foreign muslim groups . 
  the main difference is that western countries keep a way better track of their people than those countries do . 
  for example libya doesnt even have a government in place , how do you expect them to track intelligence ? 
  so the data you use as an argument is heavily flawed . 
  im not even talking about iraq and syria ( where isis ' main bases and fighters are ) which destroy the argument even more . 
   when millions of refugees wandering in europe what ? 
  there are no millions of refugees . 
  most refugees are in the middle east and some have gone to countries outside of europe , like us . 
  millions of refugees would be mathematically impossible if one looks at the total amount of refugees fleeing out of syria ( unless you consider casablanca also refugee producers ) . 
  a lot of these so called refugees are economic migrants from libya ( they came before libya was destroyed by nato ) , morocco , algeria , pakistan and other conservative countries . 
   mostly irrelevant if you born and raised in europe you are homegrown . 
  nope . 
  it is n't like these terrorists were all western europeans until the terrorist attack . 
  if you would ask them , they were pakistanis or arabs or the country they came from . 
  they are in almsot everything closer to their home country than to the country they were born in ( just like john mccain is n't latino despite being born in a latin american country ) . 
   you can not change definitions indeed , you can not change the definition of islamic terrorism so as to blame the west . 
  these terrorists would have committed the same crime regardless of their location . 
  they rape , murder and kill non-muslims both in the middle east and europe . 
  their terrorism comes from an ideology , called islamic fundamentalism or islamism . 
  considering that turkey is becoming the next sunni iran , i do n't think it 's strange why they do n't . 
  why go to the next version of the place you already come from, 
   i thought main problems with refugees were their behavior not that they would be terrorists since most attacks are from citizens who are born in europe in the first place . 
  who made this propaganda narrative up ? 
  being born somewhere or holding a country 's passport does n't make you '' homegrown '' . 
  these people grow up with tv channels from their own countries , most of the time live in a neighborhood with members of the same ethnic or religious background and their first language is non-european . 
  when they refer to home they refer to their country of origin . 
  they dont even feel european except when they have to show their passport on the airport . 
  people are largely shaped by their culture and context and when you are already exposed to extremist ideas by al jazeera arabic version which promotes jihad , then it is kinda hard to ever love the west . 
  here read more about arabic propaganda channels : http://www.meforum.org/3147/al-jazeera, 
  shia does n't mean anything . 
  still means sharia , still means violent islamist groups ( look at syria iraq and lebanon ) and still means regressive policies regarding women . 
  iranians are relatively progressive compared to turks and arabs in terms of women-men relations but still not even close to the most conservative in europe . 
  well , we not . 
  but germany 's merkel invited them all , making it a crime for any european country to discourage migrants . 
  well he agrees . 
  but after almost everybody is sabotaging him , he ca n't pick allies anymore . 
  democratic party did a good job destroying us image . 
  nobody takes us more serious . 
  trump of course started with ridiculous ideas but the fact that democratic party has acted as a coldwar enemy of usa since trump 's presidency , it has been becoming hip to critize usa . 
  ` home grown ' , nice !, 
  only thing i have missed yet is that you have n't said '' terrorism has no religion '' . 
  home grown means either living in europe or being born in europe . 
  if you follow these '' home grown terrorists '' , from the tv channels their parents watch to the friends they have : nothing is home grown . 
  or do you think that people find the idea of blowing themselves up after reading about wikipedia ? 
  they start young with being exposed to terror-promoting networks like al jazeera ( arabic version is very different than the english version ) . 
  bulgaria is threatened by turkey , georgians also hate turkey because of armenian genocide and azerbaijan is a turkish state too so doesnt count . 
  who says that a state of secular turks and greeks is something i am against ? 
  it 's your government , not your people . 
  contrary to the racist turkish government , i have nothing against turkish people . 
  it 's just their governments that all are immoral and totalitarian , next to war-hawks . 
  there is no country that borders turkey who has any good relations with turkey . 
  everybody is wary of their military racist expansions . 
   a 53-year old mother of seven , meryem sune 's body rests on a desk , wrapped in white cloth and bed sheets . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34215301 https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/28/turkish-airstrikes-artillery-kill-civilians-syria oh no sorry , i guess because they are not from the 100 % truth turkish ministry of defense , they must be falls right :d, 
   everyone in the east is worse off , including the turks . 
  you 're talking about the depopulation of villages that was in the late 80s , early 90s maybe .
