  it 's funny considering how turks have killed raped and oppressed millions of greeks during the ottoman empire . 
  turkey is the most hypocritical place in the whole world . 
  also , since when is oppressing others a bad thing to turkey ? 
  there has been killing , oppressing , raping and suppressing kurdish people since turkey has existed and according to your country and your people it 's '' to fight against separatism '' . 
  greece arguably has suffered the worst in the world from the eurocrisis , yet defense has had a priority because of the turkish threat . 
  funny , because despite turkey being a much more realistic threat with direct land claims on greece , greece does n't try to force this image on other eu members like latvia and lithuania do . 
  how big of a threat is russia if even latvia and lithuania , the instigators of this boogeyman image , do n't take it serious ? 
   also why is n't anyone telling greece to cut back on military spending ? 
  yeah , and then when turkey comes to '' defend the turkish indigenous minorities '' you will come and fight for greece ? 
  get out of here . 
  i 'm willing to pay all my salary for the defense of greece . 
  where were you when turks raped killed and expelled cypriotes , and then brought turkish colonists ? 
  i 'm not sure other european countries and usa will do anything to defend us against an occupying turkish forces . 
  just like in cyprus , some european countries will '' condemn '' it and usa will impose a temporary arms embargo on weapons that turks dont use anyway . 
  that 's why greece needs to keep the military budget as high as possible . 
  love for european people , and i am sure many of them help , but we know that germany and france love turkey too much to help us . 
  greece does n't try to match turkey , we are no friends or something . 
  greece tries to defend itself from turkey and it has a high cost , not try to match turkey . 
  well if latvia and lithuania were n't constantly trying to launch the ` russian boogeyman ' on us , i would agree . 
  however the people with the biggest mouth , apparently do n't even contribute their obliged minimum . 
  its funny to see how latvia and lithuania always complain about ` the russian threat ' and then do n't even have the dignity to raise their own defense budgets . 
  corrupt , racist , immoral and backwards . 
  i cant describe turkish government a better way . 
  britain has to be the most backward country in the eu . 
  first i felt regret , but now i 'm glad they are leaving the eu . 
  just think about this . 
  britain is the country that 's goign to create the '' new internet '' , which basically means all data will be recorded . 
  erdogan 's path has just begun . 
  he has the support of the majority . 
  ; and even when he doesnt have the support of the majority ( like in these elections : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_june_2015 ) , he will just declare another kurdish group as heretics , say that hagia sophia is turkish , call armenians bandits which will trigger the '' patriotic '' feelings of turkish voters who then will start supporting him and then he will have the majority again . 
  i doubt it would be unfair and im telling you why . 
  think about it , who is paying for what ? 
  lets say hypotheticallly , greece could pay all of it back . 
  would it go to you ? 
  your children ? 
  or some average redditor ? 
  no , the money is meant for banks and other financial institutions . 
  if averga european would receive it i would understand it . 
  but none of it are going to get it . 
  turkish christian locals ? 
  turks are conquerors to middle east and europe . 
  there is no such a tuch as '' turkish christian local was being invaded by turkish muslims '' . 
  turks came to midle east as muslims , all turkish '' christians '' are either converts or assimilated christians . 
  turkey completely lives in a different world . 
  like literally . 
  their terrorist bodyguards beat up protesters in us and now ** turkey ** demand an apology from the us . 
  their extremist ministers want to invade a country and agitate the turkish population there and they decide to sue nl this is the funniest : after gulen and erdogan started their rift , both of them started accusing eachother of being greek . 
  yeah at this rate , greece will never be able to recover . 
  we are 10 years after the crisis and greece has still not recovered and paid anything back . 
  if eu is serious about greece , then a bailout must happen . 
  yes , imo greek debt should be completely eliminated . 
  lets be honest , that money was never going to be paid back to people anyways , it was meant for big banks . 
  we already lost it . 
  europeans should not only focus on money . 
  greece is founder of democeracy and europe . 
  without greece , no europe . 
  erdogan isnt opposed by the half of the country . 
  if we look at parliament , erdogan is supported by roughly 80 percent of the seats . 
  akp + mhp has become a partner of erdogan . 
  the nato thing is actually the problem . 
  we let turkey do so many things because they are a nato member . 
  while turkey has become an enemy in every geopolitical conflict we encounter them in . 
  thats what i am saying . 
  turkey is exactly doing the same . 
  so why align with turkey ? 
  thats what i am saying . 
  turkey is exactly doing the same . 
  so why align with turkey ? 
  russia and turkey are both horrible at making alliances and dont trust eachother . 
  i can give you an example . 
  people were ( and still are ) predicting that russia and china would buddy up and form an alliance and what not . 
  what turned out ? 
  china was deceiving russia and there is still no russia-china alliance desptie the common hatred of us . 
  i hear that a lot but honestly the chance of that is very small . 
  just look at history . 
  turkish ottomans were almost always in a threat because russia was knocking on their door claiming bosphorus and konstantinopolis . 
  reason why turkey is in nato , is because soviet union was reclaiming armenian lands . 
  even until today , turkey and russia dont trust eachother . 
  turkey and russia arent good friends and wont be . 
  russia has always been a rival of turkey due to geography and their competition for same lands ( balkans and caucasus ) russia would not make turkey stronger but even weaker if they would break with nato . 
  both georgia and ukraine were never eu or nato . 
  but lets not derail the topic . 
  my suggestion is why can we support an islamist run country that backs all our enemies and interfers in our elections but we have to be alien to russia, 
  citation for what ? 
  seriously where have you been ? 
  lets not kid ourselves . 
  eu top decidedly pushed towards russias neighbors . 
  even if we dont like russia , we have to understand their situation . 
  just like we expect russia not to meddle with baltics . 
  the results were not about pro or anti erdogan . 
  many akp folks voted against the referendum and many mhp folks voted in favor of referendum . 
  if anything , the referendum showed that akp can swallow half of mhp with just doing nothing, 
  something tells me that we could be better friends with russia than with turkey . 
  at least russia shares religion with eastern parts of eu , shares lingual roots , even shares appearance with many of us . 
  why are so many people eager to support a terror-supporting country like turkey over russia ? 
  at this point , both are totalitarian states . 
  might as well approach to a more similar country than to a country that is closer to arabs than to us . 
  especially in the future , middle east becomes less important so access to the middle east through turkey will not be important . 
  with russia we can access asia , the next global market epicentrum . 
  and who are you trying to reach ?
