  the snp 's very * goal * is to destroy the country . 
   slavery  scotland enjoys highest spending per head in britain from westminister  as a result enjoys highest standard of living in the uk --  * `` slavery '' *, 
  interesting you think that the eu would denounce westminister . 
  what 's their stance been on spain ignoring the catalan referendum ( s ) ? 
  just like it was there for good during the miners strikes ? 
  or the erm crisis ? 
  you 're not looking at the history here . 
  this is absolutely frightening . 
  well , he said so after being religiously pro-euro adoption in the late 90s / early 2000s . 
  also interesting to note all the economists were with him on that one ... how times change . 
  i imagine this co-operation announcement goes both ways . 
  irish ports and airports . 
  not the uk-roi border . 
  worth noting this is from 4ish years ago . 
  also note that that these surveys have since been cancelled - with the immigrant crisis and so forth , federal sentiment in eastern europe particularly has gone down . 
  i suspect they do n't want to release figures that go against the narrative . 
   the truth is ireland needs to reunite and that 's the perfect reason to do it screw democracy , eh ? 
  also , this issue relates to roi interests too . 
  so by extension , you guys , whether you like it or not , are involved . 
  that 's what you sign up for as a member of the eu . 
  you know , the country mentioned in every other article on here ? 
  pure salt . 
  this wo n't convince remainers they made the right choice , friend . 
  these replies seem ... salty . 
  democracy was exercised , why so keen to sour the relationship early on ? 
  unless you feel that a huge financial and geopolitical asset has been lost ? 
  he was joking ( i hope ! ), 
  somewhat related , this brings to mind another pillar of us policy . 
  a united power encompassing both the pacific and atlantic eurasion coasts can not be tolerated . 
  in manpower , resources , economics and most crucially sea access - such a power would outweigh the us in every margin . 
  this is why the ussr was such a threat - it 's goal was westward expansion , at least in the decade or two following ww2 . 
  with this in mind , theoretically it would be in us interests to play europe and russia off of eachother . 
  not saying that 's happening - but it makes you think . 
  personally such an idea would have parallels to the british empire 's policy toward europe in centuries past . 
  i was under the impression that an eu army would be in us interests . 
  this is likely a negotiation tactic . 
  also , is n't `` 51st state '' quite ironic anyway ? 
  france is directly under a similar project ... 
  ouch . 
  sweden no, 
  you 're not wrong about the bias on this sub , but your comment was clearly antagonistic and not very constructive . 
  this is obviously a troll guys ... 
  it 's not reasonable . 
   `` you ca n't begin your own trade deals , you are still a member of the eu ! '', 
   `` while you * are * a member of the eu , we 're barring you from a key membership right '' either we receive all the rights for all the obligations , or a negotiated compromise is arranged . 
  the eu can not pick and choose . 
  the basis of its negotiating position is that the uk must operate within the confines of a member until it leaves . 
  they can not proceed to define what that means on the fly , outside of the law !, 
  we 're currently being blocked from starting our own deals because we 're `` still a full member '' . 
  but now we may lose the right to participate in eu talks ? 
  a right of `` full members '' ? 
  it is n't fair . 
  either treat us as a full member , or give us the restrictions * and * freedoms of not being one . 
  if we 're not going to be treated as a full member ( against eu rules ) , we should be given the right to start our own bilateral trade deals . 
  this is only fair . 
  there can be no `` cherry picking '' . 
   to help unite a now divided country when did she express this as her intention ? 
   war did n't need to be one , but here we are . 
  russia has a large muslim population . 
  i think he 's referring to the eastern eu states . 
  i feel very strongly about that as well . 
  it 's a bridge britons and europeans alike have crossed many times - the same can be said for any continental landmark . 
  so attacks like this affect us all . 
  seriously not fair :( rip . 
  people * do * seek to inform themselves . 
  the trouble is that these are exactly who disinformation campaigns target . 
  your point being ... ? 
  the majority are . 
  india has much lower wages than the likes of the uk and is infamous for cheap service operations in other sectors . 
  the results of such an open door are obvious . 
  well , you open access to it services and suddenly high skilled jobs suffer the same fate as manufacturing . 
  what do people train in at that point ? 
  the list gets a lot smaller . 
   there are so many attacks , it would have to be lit all the time shameful that the governments have let it get this far . 
  we should n't accept this as a new status quo . 
  give an inch and they take a mile . 
  now we 're getting somewhere . 
  someone ring up tusk and may , at this rate we 'll have a deal signed by morning !, 
  break for 5 , everyone . 
  everyone 's been doing this to eachother . 
  i like how this reads like a military operation though . 
  war has changed ; - ; 7, 
  lmao , banter, 
  i see we finally sorted out our flag !, 
  i helped out with a pixel or two . 
  that 's like someone in 2016 taking / r/unitedkingdom as a good indicator for the brexit vote , and look how that went . 
  very difficult thing to do when half your population starts cheering on the possibility of a disintegrated europe , ripe for manipulation by bigger powers . 
  y' know , after the vote this place was pretty negative . 
  but since then it 's gotten a bit more positive and now these newspaper front pages make me realise how close we really are in europe . 
  gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling . 
  i 'll miss you guys !, 
  jeez , putin must be loving all of this . 
  both ireland and the uk have said they want the common travel area to stay , and the eu has said along with them that they want no hard border with northern ireland . 
  plus it 's fairly easy for british and irish people to pick up a passport for the other country . 
  so i think for the most part it 's safe . 
  political integration is not a value . 
  it 's been a pleasure . 
  i hope that someday we 'll be back , and we 'll both be in better shape and able to move forward together . 
  until then , we 'll remain friends !, 
  thank you europe !,
