  maybe not . 
  but the fact remains . 
  that 's where i 'm coming from - a somewhat emotional stance , an unfair one perhaps but one all the same . 
  such are the consequences of opening free movement between countries of vastly differing gdps per capita . 
  the ideal should be rates between countries like the uk and france or between france and germany - eastern european flows in to western europe have eclipsed total migration between western eu states in just a few years . 
  what is the common denominator ? 
  lower gdp per capita . 
  ee should have been allowed to develop their gdp first within a transitional arrangement - then the brain drain may not have been nearly as damaging as it is now . 
  i think cultural influence has to do with it too . 
  a lot of shows / movies come from here . 
  tusk impresses again . 
  a very reasonable , open yet firm statement . 
  you can tell he loves his country imo . 
  my first thought as well . 
  are the current polish party more nationalist than the ones before ? 
  perhaps this explains it, 
   germany the germans saw the uk as a valuable balancing force against the more socialist french take on things . 
  this was seen to help result in a balanced economic approach for the eu as a whole . 
  the french will be french , but germany i 'd wager has interests in keeping us in . 
  lot 's of apathy here compared to the outrage over similar issues for women . 
  interesting . 
  i could n't past 5 seconds . 
  good lord . 
  not incapable . 
  anyone can exit the european union - that 's not in question . 
  ** however ** , neither is the outcome : total calamity and national self harm . 
  ooh , that circular border lining up nicely with the nordic coasts would russia be so mad if we nudged them a just a * liiiitttllle * bit back , behind the ural mountains ? 
  democracy is a fickle thing . 
  i do n't like it , brexit is a mess - but the people know now that they are in charge again , and we 're carrying out their instruction for better or for worse . 
  we might get poorer , but the silver lining is knowing we live in a country we have choice over . 
  all those suspicions of corporate interests being more powerful than the people have been blown away , for the near future at least . 
  it 's the one nice takeaway . 
  jeez , we never got along with you guys did we, 
  `` it 's good that the west is having less kids . 
  overpopulation is a real problem ! '', 
  `` wtf how dare he criticise african families for having too many children ? 
  racist ! '', 
  very interesting . 
  thank you !, 
  some things never change !, 
  what 's the context here ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  very surprised . 
   64 % upvoted a shame , not exactly good for news if people reject balanced articles for those which only support their world view . 
  the sub has a long way to go when it comes to politics . 
  he 's right you know . 
  indeed , the people - not those thugs , who are flying back to their priviliged homes as we speak . 
  good to see . 
  i 'm afraid that 's the saddest part , the irony . 
  people become dangerous when they believe they can * never * be in the wrong , that * they 're * the good guys . 
  we 've seen it before in history . 
  why would n't you get violent if people start opposing your `` anti-facist '' movement , whatever the reason ? 
  those people must be nazis , right ? 
  and what do we do with nazis ... ? 
  that 's the risk . 
  it 's in order for evil , psychotic teens to feel good about themselves . 
  the g20 is not the problem , it 's the radical facist ideology known as antifa that will crush any opposition with violence . 
  at least you have some future to look forward to :( the path forward for the uk is lonely and uncertain outside the eu . 
   multi-speed eu was n't this what the uk wanted ? 
  i recall merkel shooting the idea down around 2014 . 
  it really is unbearably sad . 
  i try not to think about it , but it 's always in the back of one 's mind . 
  i 'd love to see similar tunnel ( or bridge ) for ireland and britain . 
  full land access across the continent , one can dream . 
  i 'd like you to point to where he said that , exactly . 
  because it seems to me you 're building a strawman to deflect an argument you 're not so sure you 'll be able to deconstruct . 
  we have a lot to worry about the second and third generation * islamic * immigrants , if recent events are anything to go by . 
   no england look , we can avoid the issue all we like but the fact is an eu map without england looks downright ugly . 
  can we be honest with ourselves and say an invasion is necessary ? 
  did n't you hear ? 
  ni was airlifted and dropped somewhere in the scottish mountains . 
  it is n't so much a point * against * the eu . 
  it 's simply regrettable that in the uk , we were fed lies about the project in order to make it palatable . 
  the official remain campaign and its supporters called leavers `` crazy '' for suggesting an eu army was on the cards . 
  same - but imagine how it feels to have that taken away from you :(, 
  arlene foster said this morning that they do not want a hard brexit . 
  `` lmao no '', 
  banter, 
  hard brexit mandate is n't there anymore . 
  stay strong , there is hope yet ... how we manage this negotiation timetable is a big issue now though . 
  cheers !, 
  this whole political gambling thing is a tricky business , you understand . 
  we aim to impress, 
  we will know at 10 am bst . 
  g-guys when can we stop being the court jester on a more positive note , her mandate for hard brexit has been trashed . 
  with the dup , a softer one is more likely . 
   prime minister says ` railroading through ' candidate for european commission will have grave impact on british public opinion he was right you know . 
  disaster . 
  : european parliament candidate did n't win . 
  ouch . 
  dismissing your candidate just was n't enough , huh ? 
  lol , eh at least you vote for what you believe in . 
  i 'm of the belief that as long as it may take , no vote goes to waste . 
  every one contributes to pressuring the government of the day - in some cases , it catches up to them and you get the change you want . 
  while i 'm not sure who i want to win tonight , i wish you luck !, 
  i remember a friend saying exactly that on brexit night ... !, 
  no way . 
  really ? 
  that 's incredibly disappointing . 
  i feel like they ran on a decent platform .
