  excuse me if i 'm wrong , but are n't our student loans fairly forgiving ? 
  you only pay if you 're earning x amount , right ? 
  otherwise they do n't demand anything . 
  and , you know , is the mayor of london . 
  i 'm gon na go out there and predict 324 . 
  check it !, 
  i hope so too  thank you, 
  living in ni , i can get eu citizenship fairly rapidly . 
  however , we voted to remain , and i wo n't contribute to any brain drain that we voted against in the first place . 
  biting the bullet , contributing to the economy and voting for pro-europe parties . 
  we 'll see if it works out , just ca n't imagine abandoning my home with the progress it 's made in the last 20 years . 
  including the idea that adulterers be stoned ? 
  a compliment whatever you think of thatcher . 
  may is not worth the comparison ... 
  i * really * miss cameron . 
  back when the conservatives were nice and cuddly , compared to their openly nasty policies now . 
  not the sharpest crayon in the tool box, 
  for now :(, 
  second / third generation immigrants , so the conversation over immigration is still worth having . 
  to your point though , i agree . 
  this is likely the result of british immigration policy ( pakistan , etc ) rather than movement from mena via the eu . 
  really do n't care about his sexuality tbh , a bit of a pandering headline, 
  we want more waves to rule , i guess, 
  he 's right you know . 
  her use of the term `` final solution '' was unbelievable . 
  does she realise what she 's saying ? 
  there * needs * to be firm and swift action if future lives are to be saved . 
  at the same time , the action needs to be humane and reasonable - lest ripple effects cause yet more issues . 
  this is a total 5th column now . 
  let 's keep calling them * stupid * !, 
  that worked great for brexit !, 
  either the concerns are addressed or we sleepwalk in to yet more disaster . 
  well , people are dying now . 
  so like it or not people will talk about it . 
  have you considered there are new lessons to learn , as well as the old ? 
  tbf the entire european economy falls under the same argument . 
  ever falling under the rise of china , india , brazil , etc. 
  interesting perspective actually !, 
  i guess we can only wait and see . 
  it does n't so much as weaken the eu 's hand , rather it strengthens hers . 
  less opposition at home means more focus can be placed on dealing with the eu . 
  i think learning it is respected and keeping it alive is important to our irish culture . 
  however , when people like the speaker you mentioned * insist * on using irish * only * , it 's massively impractical as only a tiny minute part of the population understand it . 
  ideology ahead of practicality , and a sense of `` preachiness '' , is probably why people dislike ** not the language ** , but those who champion it too much . 
  is n't than an easy one ? 
  more tory mps means less opposition to her negotiating strategy . 
  as in , she wo n't have to tread lightly . 
  delete this, 
  so why does this happen ? 
  is it because the ex-communist states are more recently used to no goods at all ( pre 1990s ) rather than the west , and so companies believe they can sell lower quality goods for a higher price ? 
  get some eurofighters in there !, 
  do n't remind me ... 
  sorry about that btw, 
  did n't he say the euro was stronger in 20 * 15 ? 
  * like i know the financial crisis hurt the euro but i assumed affairs were largely stable after 2013 / 2014 . 
  lmao, 
  what happened there ? 
  quantitative easing ? 
  honestly , being from ni , i 've grown up to love the uk , and would be devastated if we left . 
  i still think that - but if it becomes the case that ni would be more prosperous in the eu / roi than out in the wild with the uk , then i will support any decision the ni people take on the issue . 
  people deserve to vote in the economic interests of themselves and their children . 
  if we stay , my heart will be happy . 
  leave and join the republic , my head will be happy . 
  pack it up boys, 
  yes, 
  as a wise east european once said : gib, 
  really good to hear , i 'm just sad it came after trump 's election , and * especially * sad that britain also took the fall before this could be exposed . 
  if you honestly think that you are being further played by the russians . 
  a lot of the activity on t_d for instance is by bot accounts , you can guess from where . 
  remember : divide the western alliance . 
  that is their aim . 
  honestly this a really historic picture . 
  represents a positive change from similar photos of hitler standing over the likes of france almost 100 years ago . 
  everywhere , yes . 
  on the same scale ? 
  nor scotland or ireland . 
  questions need to be asked about that . 
  that 's like building your house out of shoddy cardboard and tape , refusing to admit there 's a problem , and then saying `` i did n't want to touch anything in case something fell over '' when confronted that is pure ideology-driven evil . 
  * knowing * children are being abused and raped , but staying quiet because it might harm your world view . 
  and people wonder why labour is n't electable . 
   give * gib, 
  sadly the two have become conflated . 
  the left will hardly accept the existence of economic migrants ( despite the overwhelming data evidence ) , and the alt right in response want to paint all refugees as bad . 
  it 's a bit of a mess ... 
   poland * not again !, 
  i think when trump was elected , they needed something new to support to undermine him . 
  so now the eu is dandy and trump / brexit are backward mistakes . 
  they might be right , mind you . 
  just trying to explain the logic of it, 
  i 've literally been reading through the head and there 's none of this `` butt hurt '' you 're raving about, 
  lmao glad that things like eurovision will still be around . 
  it 's good to have a bit of banter in turbulent times :'), 
  sino-euro relations . 
  i like that term, 
  i 'm sorry , people will never buy this because * they 're not interested in defending rape . 
  * either get a centrist solution in there or the extremes will continue to profit . 
  the government pushed through political union legislation , after two referendums on economic union . 
  that 's just how it is , i 'm not sure why i 'm being downvoted . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  simply pointing out that in retrospect , what the government signed up for was very different to what they sold it to the people as .
