  leaving a single market with a land neighbour for one you have to travel through england and / or a sea to get to . 
  edinburgh and the rest of the country have been based around the uk market for the past 300 + years , nevermind 40 . 
  it 's trade with the rest of the uk dwarfs that with the eu . 
  this is to ignore all the other issues scottish independence would bring . 
  their budget deficit is very high , and draconian cuts to public spending would have to happen to apply for the eu all over again with no guarantees of getting in if the economic matters worsen . 
  all of this , and compared to brexit business flight would be unprecedented . 
  imagine the idea of temporarily being outside of both the eu and uk single markets ? 
  not to mention the public would have to be convinced of signing on to the euro at some point . 
   one scottish lawmaker , speaking on condition of anonymity , said : `` if you do n't call ( an independence vote ) now , it 's off the cards for a generation , '' because economic damage from brexit would make voters nervous of more change . 
  and rightfully so . 
  those in the snp who criticised the economic validity of brexit had best be prepared to come up with why this would be any better . 
  that 's literally the reason they wanted gibralter in the first place . 
  it 's the only passage you can take to get from the pacific to the med . 
  so yes , your pride aside , cold facts are that if you own gibralter , it 's not very difficult to blockade europe 's southern sea . 
  the people living there had nothing to do with that and have a right to choose which nation they live under . 
  disgusting comment ... 
  anti immigration , or anti-fom / porous borders ? 
  are you saying irish influence in the eu is not going to be diminished by losing it 's closest trading partner from the bloc ? 
  such closely linked economies would obviously have overlapping interests . 
  they were on the same side of the argument more often than not . 
  less uk representation = less amplifying of irish interests . 
  ... because they are ? 
  some prefer power that is more local and accountable , others prefer centralisation and pooling of power / influence . 
  interesting how both opinions are equally valid , yet one has far more votes than the other . 
  i would n't say so much the people as the numbers . 
  disparity in living standards can yield huge movements of people . 
  there 's a reason there was little to no mention of german , french etc. 
  immigration . 
  the irony here being that the uk is more tolerant than most european countries on the issue . 
  source : article above, 
  is there a source for that i can check out ? 
  they would encourage divisions in europe ? 
  where were they for brexit ? 
  on the economic point , the boe just sharply raised it 's growth forecast for the uk in 2017 . 
  so not everything you read during the referendum campaign is set in stone . 
  you are n't french , are you ? 
  i fear you 're in for a nasty shock come a few years time , if not sooner . 
  you focus on creating enemies abroad while ignoring the same problems at home , friend !, 
  i think you 'll soon find that the one difference between the uk and other countries is n't eurosceptism ... 
  it 's the fact we had a vote . 
  i find it disappointing you would reject such a profound financial , military and geopolitical partner . 
  yes, 
  people were told this and voted to accept the hit , rightly or wrongly . 
  maybe not on the same scale but we just experienced a similar issue in ni . 
  thankfully the public inquiry looks to be fairly independent , and will be released immediately with no `` consultation '' of those named in the report . 
  definite corruption going on , hoping they get kicked out either by the inquiry or the upcoming election . 
  good luck to you romania !, 
  public officials who take advantage of office for their own gain and not the nation 's make me sick to my stomach . 
  give them no quarter !, 
  i 'm not informed on that issue but it could be the case . 
  simply trying to keep the discussion balanced . 
  is there evidence for that claim that i can look in to ? 
  a democratically elected government was also overthrown . 
  the situation is n't black and white like this emotive post makes it out to be . 
  or y' know , between countries of similar living standards . 
  the whole `` white people '' thing is a non-existent strawman used to argue against responsible immigration deals . 
  2004 i fear ended the uk 's eu membership in advance . 
  or just someone pulling a massive prank, 
  while the ireland point holds merit , the rest of what you wrote is a little ridiculous . 
  i do n't think you 've watched the speech . 
  i thought this was being cleared up ? 
  such was the point of may 's speech , leaving the single market and all . 
  what do you believe turkey offers that the uk does n't , or ca n't match in value ? 
  you 're underestimating some of his potential objectives . 
  if he 's in vlad 's pocket , or just happens to be against the eu of his own accord , a brexit success story supported by a favourable us-uk trade deal is very much in his interest . 
  free movement is obviously only viable with countries of a similar standard of living . 
  this criteria would exclude nations like india . 
  the movement flows one-way otherwise . 
  recall the difference in uk public mood over the issue pre-2004 ( free movement between western europe and uk ) and compare it with post-2004 ( when poorer eu countries were given free movement to the uk ), 
  what does that even mean ? 
  why would we be treated like russia rather than other independent countries like canada ? 
  sanctions ? 
  same feelings to you guys . 
  thanks, 
  y' know , i got ta say , the attitude is warmer here than usual . 
  it 's been a pleasure friends . 
  i 'm a unionist and i 'm particularly relieved we 're gunning for an open border, 
  these 3 comments summarise the left 's issue today , no nuance in their understanding of the world . 
  it 's just right and wrong , black and white . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the pound has been surging today ... 
  the pound is up today against the dollar and euro . 
  the markets like what they hear , if it helps . 
  is may in that list too then ? 
  she literally addressed this in the speech . 
  have you looked at the speech ? 
  not going to happen , according to uk government objectives . 
  [ mrw ] ( https://youtu.be/uatlv26wnce#t=0m5s ), 
   they have a similar white supremacist mindset * groan *, 
  you 're kidding . 
  you 're the one calling for war yet you think * he 's * the unreasonable one ? 
  i 'm taking crazy pills . 
  i like how you link the headline and not the article ... 
  the swedish thing is nonsense , i 've never heard of that here before yet somehow the swedish minister felt she had to use that term . 
  at that , her talk was in reference to the uk 's failure to guarantee residency to eu citizens , not an outburst of xenophobia . 
  do n't believe everything you read . 
  where are you making these connections ? 
  people voted leave over the syrian issue based on what they were hearing * from germany * . 
  many were n't comfortable with merkel opening her borders , and by extension the uk 's ( in time ) to waves of north african opportunists . 
  declaring the referendum and the result being decided are two very different things .
