that 's entirely unnaceptable . 
  i 'm a ukip supporter ( i 'm being brave saying that here ... ) but it 's not hard for me to accept that a good chunk of my colleagues are uninformed , hypocritical and entitled . 
  i firmly do not believe that spain or the u.k. or any other nation should have issues with immigrants as people . 
  ( the numbers game is a different story and does not involve race , even though the left may like it to ... ) what i do denounce strongly however is immigrants who do not learn the language of the country they move to . 
  it is disrespectful and arrogant practice . 
  if the native language is not learned , then you can not interact normally with the local population . 
  this creates divides . 
  it creates tension . 
  it creates segregation . 
  it slows the local economy down relative to it 's potential . 
  it is utter laziness . 
  a nation has welcomed you . 
  it is your responsibility to share in and contribute to the national dream and the nation 's culture . 
  not divide or rupture it . 
  how do you define ` islamaphobia ' ? 
  i have trouble keeping up with how devalued it 's become in recent years . 
  i feel the exact same way . 
  u.k. here . 
  not quite - yes , on paper the parts are there for a federalised europe , but member states still operate mostly on national levels when it comes to foreign , fiscal policies , etc. 
  what europe 's rules do right now is conflict with some national workings , slowing things down . 
  if europe wants to truly compete on the same level and speed as other continental powers such as the u.s.a , brazil , india , russia and china , then there needs to be more centralisation - the peoples , crucially , must be willing to live as europeans first and foremost , before their national identities . 
  then their regional political representatives will have the power to tackle european issues as europeans - not strictly as irish , german , italian , etc , each of which may fight * eachother * for national interests rather than co-operate as eu politicians should . 
  if national barriers are removed , the eu will be more flexible - more able to collectively survive times of crisis , unlike in 2008 . 
  valid points ... i 'm on mobile so i ca n't write / argue my points or yours much , but i will say that personally i am not anti-immigration , nor are the people i know voting ukip . 
  we just feel that the * rate * of immigration is too high right now as opposed to a few years ago and domestic services are struggling to cope . 
  with more people comes higher rates of public service exploitation also . 
  it 's a controversial issue to publicly adress with political correctness and all , but for me ukip are the only one 's leading the way in what is , for me , something we * need * to look at . 
  i personally support the party . 
  while their environmental policies are backwards , i just do n't see how they come across as racist , unless you consider australia 's immigration policy racist too . 
  additionally , if anything i feel the media are biased toward the status quo . 
  i struggle to take bbc 's , channel 4 's or sky 's interviews with ukip seriously for the reason that they rarely ever seem interested in ukip 's actual , deeper policies . 
  it 's always about the latest scandal regarding 1 of hundreds of members . 
  `` 20 years ago , man a made a racist comment ... '' indeed he did !, 
  but * why * did n't you sensationalise this a few years ago when man a was still part of the labour / conservative party ? 
  why was the effort made to dig this story up as soon as the member moved to ukip ? 
  i do n't hate the eu either . 
  i just do n't like where we are with it right now . 
  in fact , i 'd * love * to see a strong and efficient eu . 
  but ... either we federalise , or we drop it . 
  this awkward ` stuck in the middle ' position is n't doing anyone any favours . 
  we 're expected to run our own country * and * manage membership responsibilities ? 
  for me that takes up too much resources . 
  our people will never move closer to integration with public opinion being what it is , so why keep draining resources waiting for a better europe to happen ? 
  it wo n't happen until tighter integration . 
  with this in mind i want what i 've always wanted - a strong , flexible , economically trustworthy u.k. and we ca n't have that in this awkward middle ground . 
  this is probably already downvoted to oblivion , but i 'll finish with my own opinion . 
  i 've listened to interviews , read through the previous manifesto ( i do n't know if their current one is up yet , but policies have hardly changed too much ... ) , i just * agree * with them on most of the points they bring up . 
  this is n't a freak phenomenon , people are * listening * to ukip , and seeing an ideal vision for their country . 
  and the result ? 
  ukip are tipped to win this may 's european elections , with polls suggesting a 31 % victory compared to 2nd place labour at 28 % . 
  we 're seeing cons , labour and especially the lib dems playing catchup now because of this . 
  these parties are , in my view , out of touch . 
  ukip 's immigration plan is not racist . 
  what we 're doing is normalising unprecidented immigration levels - we give public services some time to catch up with the high population , and then we resume with an * australian * - like immigration system , not a sectarian or racist one . 
  if someone can give me some solid proof of nigel 's secret nazi plot , i 'm all ears . 
  otherwise ... well , you know what they say !, 
  * do n't barrage the farage . 
  perhaps it 's merkel 's subtle plan to get china to dislike russia a little more , especially after the west 's disapproval of the whole crimea situation . 
  the map could basically be saying `` these are n't your territories ? 
  who owns them now ... ? 
  oh , the land-grabbers up north ? 
  did you hear they stole * more * territory recently ? 
  yeah , from ukraine !, 
  side with us against them ! '', 
   absolutely full of racists can you expand on this ? 
  are you suggesting that the majority of those who made up 15 % of the ge vote share are racist ? 
  interesting how ireland and eastern europe seem to be the most in favour . 
  what 's in common i wonder ? 
  estonia can into nordic ? 
  there is no `` right choice '' in democracy . 
  that is a dangerous mentality . 
  lol no , this is the republic 's elections . 
  northern ireland was the one with the troubles . 
  the situation is officially out of control . 
  refugees welcome and merkel ... all traitors . 
  i 'm sorry but i just ca n't believe the powers that be were this incompetent . 
  there would be no goddamn ipods if these groups had their way . 
  what is wrong with these people ? 
  anyway , the answer is clear . 
  they are n't coming back . 
  unless we wish to reward treason ? 
  we could . 
  we could also discuss why the roma community , one of the most discriminated against and socially / economically disadvantaged groups in europe , do n't bomb and kill people en masse for the same reasons you listed . 
  discrimination is n't a root cause here . 
  that 's the punchline ... 
  it 's reality !, 
  belgium needs to get it together . 
  * now * . 
  it can not afford to be harbouring terrorists like a certain middle eastern country did . 
  it * was * a completely different situation . 
  my argument is that relatively , if you * had * to label the closest thing to a new belfast , paris would be it . 
  granted , i 'm taking a single year in to account . 
  i respect where you 're coming from though . 
  indeed . 
  whoever it turns out to be , it 's bad news for europe . 
  recent refugees ? 
  you can bet more radicals that have been let in , have similar intentions . 
  second / third generation immigrants ? 
  guess which recent demographic is going to start having kids soon . 
  you only need 2 or 3 radicals for another attack like this to happen .
