  ... france ? 
  buckle in buckaroo , it 's about to get real bumpy . 
  good luck to us all !, 
  s-stop d :, 
  oh yeah , i always secretly resented you swiss for spoiling eu maps , but i guess we 're pals now :p what arrangement do you guys have ? 
  it 's been fun my friends ; - ; 7, 
  brexit is going to hit ireland pretty hard :(, 
  not the time for division . 
  cheers friend, 
  source ? 
  perhaps you 're conflating the referendum vote and the government . 
  reee !, 
  for someone with a * france * flair , you seem suspiciously unknowledgeable of the french language :\\, 
  as i understand it , the reason why the uk government can take this stance , is because lawyers have advised that it is legally sound . 
  i doubt it will come to court . 
  but it does make things interesting . 
  i hope for an amicable settlement . 
  what, 
  hmm . 
  it 's been fun germany :( hope we can stay friends . 
  brexiteers pressured for years to get their way . 
  if you believe in the eu , point out brexit 's failings in a constructive way and encourage the benefits of the eu . 
  in time , the public may come back to your side of things . 
  the question then is how do we possibly re-enter the eu given our history with it . 
  that 'll be a difficult aspect that pro-eu campaigners will have to consider . 
   the refugee crisis encouraged by germany , though i see your point . 
   madman in the white house that happened well before brexit !, 
   rise of populism again , brexit kicked it off , populism was n't on many people 's radar before the referendum here . 
  and anyway , the uk pretty much sacrificed its place in the world to liberate you guys in ww2 . 
  your sentiment is very disappointing , we have a lot of shared history . 
  the new best seller from theresa may !, 
  as i understand it , we shared opt outs and stuff right ? 
  kind of necessary when the pm resigns and there 's no plan !, 
  wtf that 's classified material mi5 will be stopping by shortly . 
  are you talking about the brexit vote ? 
  the result of which almost no one in westminister agrees with ? 
  the * government * are acting by instruction from the people . 
  they do n't like it , but they 're getting on with it . 
  that 's democracy . 
  i for one welcome this as the new eu flag, 
  huh ? 
  i literally saw farage interviewing her recently and she was glorifying brexit as an example to france . 
  when / where did she change stances ? 
   northern irish independence, 
  that is a seismic shift . 
  unbelievable . 
   civilised car hire :\\ ^ ), 
  to be fair , the us before trump has been , for the most part , very friendly and beneficial to both europe and france . 
  it 's not like the trump element was always there . 
  the sad thing is that those turks in the netherlands who were waving the red flags earlier ... 
  this is only going to embolden them . 
  if pvv has climbed , i 'd be careful about calling this a victory for anyone . 
  fun fact : he was a chief whip in getting the maastricht treaty through parliament back in the day . 
  if you actually think that , you are deluded . 
  italy , france and the netherlands all have signifigant anti-eu movements that could bubble over if we 're not careful . 
  i get supporting the eu , it 's very much in europe 's interest that it exists ... 
  but let 's not play pretend either . 
  cameron was * re-elected in 2015 * on the promise of an eu referendum . 
  please get your facts straight !, 
  the point is that it 's not up to the uk or scotland . 
  it very much goes the other way too . 
  ( colourised ), 
  scoot, 
  really great poster . 
  the us at the back is a nice touch . 
   * i am * the senate, 
  ooh . 
  when do we start ? 
  was n't tusk a powerful politician in poland ? 
  why is his country trying to reign him in ? 
  it 's a country in the similar sense of the us being a `` country '' . 
  a country of countries , in a sense . 
  ireland and the uk * really * are n't fans of the idea , woah . 
  interesting you say that , they essentially gave up their empire to liberate europe . 
  tfw america votes to join the eu, 
  it 's a reasonable question . 
  joining the euro is an obligation . 
  so : do you believe this is an issue to be considered ? 
  or should scotland join the eu and worry about the small matter of currency later ? 
  it might be your view that they could side-step the `` fear-mongering '' question in the hopes that the eu project is , as you say , a project of solidarity and understanding . 
  i would n't hold so much faith personally . 
  i 'd rather my government tackle issues as they are legally set out , and act in my interests accordingly ( ie . 
  to join or not to join the eu by leaving the uk ) i must say , i feel this is a perfectly reasonable position . 
  your accusations of `` pushing an agenda '' really do n't help the discussion . 
  you 've completely misunderstood my point . 
  my point was that if they wish to join the eu , this is a treaty obligation , and that the public in the interest of honesty would have to be convinced that it would be in their economic interests to do so . 
  this is regardless of whether or not it happens in the short or medium term . 
  ... unless you believe that the eu wields no power over the issue , and that member states will be allowed to do whatever they want ad infinitum as the bloc continues down the path of ever closer union ? 
  -- are you implying that scotland , in all of it 's years of potential membership , will never be asked to join the single currency ? 
  you believe this issue , and the implications , should be ignored over the course of an independence referendum ? 
  scotland should just hop in and hope for the best over a currency solution that is , at best , a legal grey area ? 
  if joining the euro at * any point * is on the cards , * and it is * , the issue must be fully considered . 
  eu member states , with the exception of denmark and the uk , are expected to join the single currency if and when they meet the criteria . 
  forcing states to do so is another matter . 
  but you 've failed to address the point that as a new eu member , scotland would be expected and , on paper , obligated to join the single currency . 
  your argument relies on scotland brushing that under the rug . 
  could they ? 
  of course . 
  but it would be a relatively unstable settlement , and not how the eu is supposed to work . 
  if the uk is out of the european single market , scotland would have to leave the uk single market .
