  unfortunately , the uk voted for economic union and got a political one . 
  though that 's the fault of the uk government for rushing drastic constitutional changes like maastricht / lisbon through parliament . 
  ... i do n't even know what to say ... 
  did n't they teach you basic geography at school ? 
  question ( honestly unsure ) : is the uk likely to get visa free travel to the eu ? 
  i know we have the cta with roi so not sure how that affects things . 
   unless she gets european citizenship i mean , not a crazy proposal . 
  though i do sympathise with her sentiment that she was * born * as an eu citizen , and it 's unfair as a pro european that she has to have that ripped away from her . 
  never answers the questions . 
  simply insults . 
  very telling . 
  what a disaster this has been for europe and britain . 
  we must come back strong from this, 
  switzerland and norway are n't european ? 
  a political project does not define participants in the european community , and the mutual interests we all share . 
  sad to see such fake , anti-uk propaganda on here . 
  will none denounce it ? 
  or are further divides what we want ? 
  gosh . 
  i 'm going to miss that flag . 
  this `` direction '' is the continuing rise of the far right and anti-eu forces . 
  this is a victory , but do n't lose sight of the wider picture and what path we still find ourselves on . 
  i fear you are right . 
  they 're not . 
  that needs to be made clear if we are to see off anti-eu movements in the future . 
  well done france . 
  suck it putin !, 
  so merkel did n't want him , cameron did n't want him ( thought he would harm both the uk and eu - which was right in a sense ) ... and juncker still got the position . 
  makes you think . 
  so the commission , an official legal body , leaks a private meeting instead of making a public statement alluding to the potential difficulty of the talks . 
  all for the good of its citizens ? 
  sounds a very odd , unprofessional way to go about state business . 
  you give juncker way too much credit . 
  it 's shady tactics for a shady purpose . 
   acceptance of british regulatory standards very hard to believe . 
  source at least ? 
  what single-market related advantages has she stated she wants to keep ? 
   how it wants to be part of the single market what ? 
  may has said the uk will not be a member of the single market . 
  more anglophobic stereotyping ? 
  as someone from the north i agree with you about enda . 
  from up here i find him very statesmanlike and a big improvement on the previous leaders , though of course i know little about how his domestic policies have been received . 
  as for up here , imo arlene and the new sinn girl are embarrassments , but ones we have to live with due to the still-divisive nature of our politics . 
  both are still stuck in the past - particularly disappointing is how sinn fein 's `` modern '' rhetoric conflicts with their continued insistence to glorify terrorist funerals and bring up old wounds . 
  how can both sides rally around that ? 
  and for theresa ... eh , if i had it my way we 'd have a government pro- * much * softer brexit , but we are where we are and she 'll be our next pm . 
  as far as negotiators go , i do think her administration is the best qualified to handle the negotiations . 
  there 's few others who have the experience necessary , and all this talk of her clashing with juncker is in one sense a good thing as it shows she is n't rolling over . 
  i just hope it does n't result in no deal , that would be terrifying for ni . 
  oh no , you 've got it wrong ... 
  the monarchy remains , let 's just say may has acquired a second leadership position , 
  rumours swirling that 2022 is her long con . 
  she expected to ramp up support with this election , which with almost half the electorate projected for round 2 , she has . 
  we will see if macron can reverse the issues you brought up . 
  if not , the ride 's gon na get bumpy . 
  just be quiet mate, 
  i fear it 's not 2017 you have to worry about . 
  yes, 
   put the snp flag away for now . 
  he was referring to op 's stance as an `` snp flag '' . 
  referring to scotland 's flag as pro snp is ridiculous . 
  you would n't * dare * ( - leaked brexit negotiations transcript , 2017 colourised ), 
  that much is true . 
  i hope this turns out to be typical pre-negotiation intimidation tactics , this is n't a tone that our continent needs . 
  mama merkel is n't letting the uk go that easy !, 
  my boy, 
  ... where did he mention the saltire ? 
  the snp and their ideology is * not * scotland . 
  * applause *, 
  ... and article 50 is just there for no reason , is it ? 
  article 50 's entire purpose is to trigger negotiations , and things are negotiated * precisely because * an exit is a problem for both sides . 
  you can argue who has it worse , that 's different - but to say brexit is n't the eu 's problem as well as the uk 's is ridiculous . 
  absolutely not in a million years . 
  a uk and eu opposed hurts everyone , a lot . 
  it 's in our best interests to remain good friends . 
  how can we not when you look at our shared culture and western traditions ? 
  i mean if the lib dems could get in that 'd be great but ... let 's be real , it 's between her and corbyn . 
  thanks fam, 
  keep an eye on the bigger picture . 
  a divided europe makes all of us easy prey - both sides need to play this smart . 
  explains why the uk gov helped them get on the human rights council , too . 
  uh huh . 
  cameron * directly * attacked the efficiency and flexibility of the eu on multiple occassions , * in brussels * . 
  the idea that the eu structure should be reformed was brought up time and time again . 
  nothing happened , and merkel shot us down in a speech to our own parliament . 
  so too , now , do you . 
  nothing learned from history i fear . 
  good luck . 
  and what of cameron , who called for similar reforms repeatedly , well before the idea of a referendum was on the table ? 
  indeed , i recall merkel speaking to the houses of parliament , openly denouncing the idea of any `` reform '' and our efforts to that end . 
  last point was uncalled for . 
  ironic , too . 
  what has that to do with anything ... ? 
  u/maliciouslama implied brits spend their time hating on eastern europeans . 
  generally in britain when you refer to eastern europeans , you 're referring to the polish ( most popular immigrant group ) , hence above made reference to why he feels he admires them . 
   true integration only happens when both sides are willing to move no , i 'm sorry . 
  there are countless examples of different immigrant groups across the world integrating fine . 
  why should we make an exeption and change * ourselves * for this new group ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  if they wish to move to and live in europe , they must have european ideals and values so that they can ultimately * add * to our culture , not change it or subtract from it .
