  the whole thing is a mess . 
  relatively i 'd argue it 's the closest thing . 
  these kinds of large scale attacks are happening in paris , no where else . 
  even belfast does n't deal with this kind of thing anymore . 
  2 mass shootings in a year . 
  it 's not the size of the population , it 's how integrated it is . 
  rapid mass immigration does not help in preventing radicals like this popping up . 
  damn french with their winky faces !, 
  hey , that 's a pretty even spread . 
  no regard for human life, 
  theresa wo n't be nearly as lonely in international summits now for one . 
  trump is enthusiastic about brexit , curbing immigration and also ideologically against the idea of a federal eu . 
  so she 'll have more clout on her side of the ring , if you will . 
  scatter , boys - it 's the meme police !, 
  depressing that he needed to put a satire disclaimer at the end, 
  remember the what now, 
  relations will be frosty as a result, 
  s-stop d' :, 
  [ northern ireland voted to stay , now do excuse me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwgzinteodc#t=1m46s ), 
  delet this, 
  yup , basically the east coast of ni was leave while the rest of it was remain . 
  okay , i 'll say it can we just invade switzerland and get it over with, 
   so long as no one gets hurt haha ... yeah ... 
  ca n't hurt , can it ? 
  uh ... * can it ? 
  there 's room for improvement , but i would n't knock it either . 
  was n't it rated # 1 healthcare system in the world earlier this year ? 
  on mobile , i 'll edit with the source if i can find it, 
  say what you will about the eu , their treaties look * fancy *, 
  that 's a fair example , i accept that, 
  while killing any chance of economic recovery for said country ... 
  it becomes a bit of a rabbit hole . 
  so you 're cool with signing an open border agreement with africa , india and china right ? 
  so those people can decide too ? 
  it * is * a grey area and you 're wrong to dismiss the op . 
  lol we 're not actually leaving . 
  it 's just a prank and will be revealed eventually , y-you 'll see !, 
  * rocks back and forth *, 
   i do n't want to be associated with a country that decides to shut its doors to people like me i take it you have beef with countries like america and new zealand then ? 
  because their doors ( and the doors of 170 + other countries ) are comparitively closed by those standards . 
  let 's not hype things up here . 
  i 'm not happy about leaving , but britain is only heading for a normalised immigration system . 
  nobody 's shutting any doors . 
  yeah . 
  surrounding areas nearby are great though . 
  i think anywhere on the island , the rural towns are uniquely friendly . 
  really nice . 
  agreed, 
  where did he say that ? 
  it 's not in the op . 
  this is the sad thing . 
  immediately post brexit this sub was pretty hostile , but i feel it 's cooled down a bit and is kind of nice to visit again . 
  the people in r/unitedkingdom legitimately hate their country though . 
  there 's a difference between political opinion , and loathing !, 
  ... is n't the point that they accept that ? 
  i think the logic is that at least they can vote those controllers out now if they 're not doing a good job . 
  to be fair , that sub at least regularly features both negative and positive brexit articles . 
  52 % on there voted leave according to a poll , so it 's in touch with uk public opinion too . 
  huh , never heard of this , and i 'm irish . 
  uk and ireland banter !, 
  oh it absolutely will . 
  eurosceptism is at an all time high . 
  making an economic success of exit is something that is simply not compatible with eu interests , or its future integrity . 
  ironic comment , given that the whole point of this move is to buy favour and leverage with china . 
  besides , the uk is not the only actor here . 
  the article is just villifying us . 
   reduce the power national governments have good luck with that while eurosceptism is at an all time high . 
  the only difference between the uk and the likes of france , is that we had a referendum . 
  downvoted . 
  predictable !, 
  of course she would , it 's in her interest to paint such a picture . 
  i wonder how this will be received here . 
  lol , i was complaining about the opposite !, 
  unless i misread the list , japan was the only non-european country on the `` best overall '' list . 
  when you said 8 , i thought you were leaving out the uk :( we 're still very much a part of europe , friend . 
  we seem to agree on that , 
  what 's the difference between gps and glonass ? 
  is glonass based on russian satellite systems or something ? 
  hey !, 
  i 'd be interested in studies related to this . 
  maybe your claim has no merit , and it * is * a sensitive subject - but maybe it does too . 
  men and women are considerably different biologically , encoded with subtlely different priorities . 
  so it 's worth looking in to the pros and cons , if there are any . 
  edit : my point is it 's certainly something we should know about . 
  not something to be used to remove people 's rights . 
  if we 're going to make decisions , let us also be informed . 
  indeed . 
  it would actually get quite downvoted i think . 
  you understand how that kind of thinking is inherently unstable ? 
  there are sizeable eurosceptic movements across europe . 
  i wonder why you 're not calling for referendums there ? 
  should the uk also be playing in-and-out with the eu ? 
  because that 's what would happen . 
  referendums are for serious constitutional matters - not to be abused based on short term mood swings . 
  edit : also consider the economic argument . 
  markets hate uncertainty . 
  the united kingdom would cease to exist as it is . 
  pardon me if i call that destroying one 's country . 
  also , in simple truth , the scottish public services would become a shell of what they are now . 
  would you not consider the us a country either ?
