unarmed for now , but if an international police mission would be approved , they might very well be armed within the blink of an eye . 
  another dutch newspaper stated that for an international police mission it was likely that the marechaussee would indeed be sent out . 
  the marechaussee have ( machine ) guns and i suppose the police mission would be a lot easier if the people are already on-site instead of outside of the conflict area . 
  the article discussing whether such a mission would really be a police mission is found [ here . 
  indeed , though there are some that do n't fit in at all , for instance the thing about women dressing more modern or more plain . 
  the groups of women that purposely dress plainly are n't specifically left or right in the netherlands , there are a few subsets that do so that do have a clear political orientation , but on the whole i do n't think that that group has one political ideology . 
  furthermore , both anti consumerism and boycotting mac donalds are not that broadly spread . 
  the people who do fall in this category are generally rather far left . 
  and finally , social conservatism stemming from religion is not clearly left or right either here . 
  there are a few christian parties that focus on traditional family values , keeping the sunday as a resting day and are staunchly against abortion and euthanasia , but they are not all left or right . 
  what should we do , invade russia or the ukraine ? 
  that is not something the netherlands can just do . 
  i trust our government to win diplomatic conflicts , should they arrive . 
  the dutch government was not beaten into submission by putin , they just did not see any use making relations even worse . 
  the dutch actions have never been directly and overtly anti-russian , and that will remain so for now . 
  but the dutch do a lot to counter any move of putin . 
  when putin demanded an apology for arresting a russian diplomat , which was a serious violation of the vienna convention , we gave him his apology . 
  our foreign minister , who is fluent in russian and could have apologised in russian , apologised in english instead while clearly not being sorry at all . 
  he also said that he did understand the actions of the police officers . 
  this was officially an apology , so putin was shut up , while the russian media were outraged . 
  when the russians threatened to stop the import of dutch flower bulbs , we promptly made the biggest donation of flower bulbs ever . 
  one of our ministers went with a delegation of the russian government to st. petersburg and handed over the bulbs to a palace there . 
  this minister , sharon dijkema , also apologised for any contaminations the russians might have found in our flower bulbs . 
  everyone however knew there was nothing wrong with the dutch flower bulbs , so it served as another sneer at the russians . 
  i think rutte has cleverly trapped putin , either he aids the investigation , which he has n't done , or he clearly shows he is not in favour an impartial investigation and his words will be proven worthless in this issue . 
  the current priority is getting the bodies back for a proper burial , but after that , rutte has made a clear setup against putin 's actions . 
  please re-read the article . 
  the guy saying that is geert mak , a writer , he is no politician and he does n't reflect dutch society . 
  he is a celebrated writer , but he has his own opinions , as is reflected when he compared the methods of a film called submission by the assasinated theo van gogh to goebbels propaganda . 
  furthermore , our prime minister said that he would not rest until the offenders would be brought to justice if it were an attack on the plane . 
  edit : in a press conference half an hour ago he said he had had a very intense and personal call with putin , telling him that he should use his influence to give the investigators full access to the crash site . 
  the investigation and getting the bodies back home is now top priority . 
  from the impression i got , rutte had a shouting match with putin and might be using this to later say : the rebels refused access , so they are suspects , also : fuck them . 
  the dutch did not forget srebrenica , it is , together with what we did in indonesia after the second world war , one of the blackest pages in dutch history . 
  the dutchbat soldiers asked for help of the airforce repeatedly , but were denied again and again . 
  when the air support finally came , they were too late . 
  what happened under dutch command was wrong and lead to horrible atrocities , but it is not forgotten . 
  there is a documentary and a few news items on srebrenica every single year on one of the public channels at a time a lot of people watch tv . 
  for comparison , 9-11 is n't mentioned every year ( that is on the main public channel , i suppose it is generally mentioned somewhere in the media ) , though it is more recent and also had a lot of casualties . 
  the dutch politicians that resigned did so after a 6600 pages report on srebrenica came out , they resigned as a result of that report . 
  saying the dutch do n't give a fuck is ignorant and simply wrong . 
  war is not black and white , and everyone knows that , but the dutch are grieving at the loss of their countrymen and so many others . 
  ukraine is obviously devided , but what polls i saw generally indicated that the people of luhansk and donetsk did n't want independence . 
  i do n't know how accurate those polls were , but if they had wanted any semblance of legitimacy , they should have waited for international observers to monitor the polls . 
  the ukrainian government is of course not the best ever ( here 's to understatements ! ), 
  but to me , they are better than the alternative ( like yanukovich , but more pro-russian ) . 
  the decision for the dutch at this point however hardly even involves the ukrainian government . 
  the rage needs to be channeled , and i do n't expect the perpetrators to be caught without the fall of donetsk , so i would support my government taking most of the possible measures , militarily or otherwise . 
  of course cooler heads will prevail , but i hope our government will take extra measures , which will probably be in the form of sanctions . 
  luxembourg was probably not any better and to get into ( most parts of ) france , most of the belgians would have to cross the frontier , which was not something one would voluntarily do . 
  7.5 on a scale of -10 to 10 that would be almost a 9 on a 1 to 10 scale with the question how right leaning are you ? 
  so i think that even if they are right-leaning , it would be an exaggeration to say the least . 
  still thank you for pointing out the flaw in my thinking that a left-leaning society with a strong government and relatively low inequality makes for a left-leaning government . 
  the faq does not answer most questions . 
  it does not tell why the makers decided that a question about racism was a good measuring instrument for political position . 
  furthermore it shows us that the makers were sloppy in their rhetoric at best . 
  they made their survey anonymous and the responses would n't be recorded to make sure that people would not give socially wanted answers . 
  well , surprise , it does n't work that way . 
  people still feel society 's pressure . 
  it is why you should wonder about whether your questions bias respondents to answer a question in a certain way . 
  this has not been done in this survey . 
  furthermore , whether or not one is homophobic or disliking abstract art does not show whether he or she is authoritarian . 
  it is a stretch at best and i do n't think my answers would have been any different if i actually thought plato 's politeia described the ideal state or we needed a strong ( wo ) man as a leader . 
  on top of that this questionnaire has no way of giving a neutral or `` i do n't know/care '' as an answer . 
  this is legitimized by saying it makes people `` really evaluate their feelings '' . 
  the makers do n't even consider it bad that this questionnaire is not measuring opinions but shaping them . 
  this makes any result of this questionnaire scientifically invalid . 
  and finally this chart pretends to be valid , but [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_spending#as_a_percentage_of_gdp ) we can read that france , denmark , finland , sweden , belgium , greece and austria among others have more than 50 % of their gdp bound up in their government expenses . 
  if we put this on a scale from planned economy to no government intervention in markets , we should see that they are leftist . 
  this example is an oversimplification , but stating that all european governments are clearly right-wing is not true . 
  excuse me ? 
  merkel is in between barrack obama and mitt romney on a left to right scale ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  merkel is center-right , her cdu is not a member of alde but of epp . 
  may i ask where you would put those on a left to right scale ? 
  the american politicians have been far more right-leaning than their european counterparts ( excluding britain ) for the past few years . 
  putting the cdu in between the democrats and republicans is just wrong . 
  on a similar note , who ever decided that sweden was about as right-leaning as obama ? 
  how did sweden ever get a 7.5 on a scale of -10 to 10 ? 
  most of the questions were not objective or not useful for either of the scales . 
  `` our race has superior qualities in comparison to other races '' only tells you how racist someone is , not whether or how he or she thinks markets should be regulated or not . 
  this questionnaire is made for scaring people of right views and/or skewing their scores to the left of the spectrum , while using a different scale for political parties , claiming it is the same scale . 
  for anyone wondering about my score , it was -7.38 -4.67 , i am pretty leftist myself and i do want a government that cares about the poor , but if you are trying to tell me that [ none ] ( http://www.politicalcompass.org/euchart ) of the eu governments is on the left of the political spectrum , i do n't believe you . 
  for the netherlands , that 's simply not true . 
  sure they are balking about their pensions now , but the babyboomers ( born 1945-1955 ) are not nearly the group who profits most from the government : http://www.cpb.nl/persbericht/328834/betalen-voor-vergrijzing it 's in dutch , but a quick summary is that those born between 1975 and 1985 profit most from the government and that those born between 1960 and 1990 still easily profit more from the system than the babyboomers . 
  that being said , i agree with the sentiment of fuck 50-plus , as they are just trying to keep the rich elderly rich . 
  the people who invaded your country were led by a man who was at first democratically elected . 
  if you do not find it reasonable to vote for someone you like and you are still living in the past ( blaming present day germans for the nazis and present day british-men for the attlee government at the negotiations ) , at least make sure you vote for someone who does not repeat it for you . 
  and an open question for you : how do you think any of the world leaders at the time could have forced stalin out of poland ? 
  what i meant and should have said is that charles v was n't seen as a bad king by the dutch . 
  in dutch history books he does n't look like a bad guy . 
  i do n't know what kind of monarch he was to his spanish or other non-dutch subjects and i thus ca n't say a lot about that . 
  still the rest of my view on the national anthem remains unchanged . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  the thing is , it was just a sneer directed at philip ii , his father charles v was n't a bad monarch and was accepted by the dutch people , but philip was much less tolerant and did more to undermine the positions of the cities in the netherlands . 
  this was not a good idea and the netherlands rebelled . 
  the line simply shows philip that if he had been a better ( and more tolerant ) monarch he , as his father had been , would have been respected . 
  it also legitimizes the rebellion , since the dutch had tried to serve the spanish king and only rebelled when he was unjust to them ( and persecuted anyone of their religion ) . 
  of the top 10 countries exactly 1 is in the blue banana , so you might need to revise your theory . 
  nice try finland .
