  another battle for the rankings you lost !, 
  one day , we will always come in first . 
  for the netherlands at least , that says nothing , because the household debts make sure that the bottom 50 % hardly have any assets . 
  when we look at income , we see a different picture : http://www.indexmundi.com/facts/indicators/si.pov.gini/map/europe, 
  not today , but maybe some day in the distant future . 
  the eu is now limited to countries technically in europe , but it might not stay like this . 
  for russia to join it would need serious reforms , like any other member state . 
  by the time it would have reached the standards necessary to join the eu , many other countries would probably already have joined the eu . 
  first of all the rest of former yugoslavia will probably have integrated into the eu . 
  secondly , the ukraine and belarus will have joined the eu . 
  this is not truly imperative , but it seems necessary that they precede russia in the process . 
  thirdly , turkey will finally have joined the eu . 
  and as for other possible member states , the north african countries might also get a shot at joining the eu before russia does . 
  this of course only goes if they live up to the present standards . 
  the eu will have changed and grown . 
  the middle east will be a problem that is too close for comfort when turkey joins and even more so should azerbaidjan , georgia or even possibly egypt join . 
  the eu will be more diverse , and it will have a significant portion of muslims , and some more experience with islamic culture ( even if it 's only turkey ) . 
  they will have seen how ukraine and belarus reacted to the eu and they will have a much clearer judgement than now . 
  a reformed russia would probably ( still or again ) be powerful , even more so should they be wealthier than now as well . 
  this power might be a problem in joining the eu . 
  first of all , there is the legitimate concern of many redditors that they would be too big to handle inside the eu . 
  many of the different organs give each country one representative , and this should ensure that russia does not dominate the debates there . 
  the main issue however , is the european parliament . 
  russia has about 1.8 times the population of germany . 
  its accession would mean a massive shift in power . 
  or would it ? 
  together poland , romania , the czech republic , hungary , bulgaria , slovakia and the baltics will have 180 seats in 2014 ( after the accesion of croatia ) . 
  these are the former russian sattelite states in eastern europe . 
  meanwhile , germany will have 96 . 
  it will be outweighted in meps almost 2 to 1 by the former east bloc . 
  it still has the power , because it has the money . 
  and that will not change . 
  the gdp of germany is bigger than that of russia , while those of france and great britain are certainly not far behind . 
  the russians might get 129 or even only 99 meps while the number of meps from other countries will fall . 
  it 's negociable . 
  with turkey and ukraine in the eu , the eu would have two large countries extra ( even though the ukrainian economy is now rather small ) . 
  the different european countries could definitly counterbalance russia . 
  if russia gets a lot wealthier , the balance might be more halfway and germany will not be the leading power in europe anymore . 
  germany , france , england and to some extent also italy , spain and perhaps turkey will not just stand by and watch the russians lead them . 
  in coalitions of 2 , 3 or even 4 if you count in some other smaller economies , they would counter the russians where they deem it necessary . 
  secondly , there is the question if their culture fits in with the eu enough . 
  my answer to this is a simple yes . 
  if ukraine and turkey are valid candidates , then russia should not be ruled out based on its culture . 
  its legislation would however have to be up to eu standards and that means some parts of russian law will have to be changed , sometimes against the opinion of the people . 
  human rights will have to be respected and turning a president into someone with equal powers to lenin or a tsar would be impossible . 
  thirdly there is geography . 
  russia is not entirely within europe and therefore it might not be eligible as a member . 
  this is senseless prattling as turkey is already a candidate member state and it has a way larger portion of its population in asia . 
  turkey was not turned down for having part of it lie outside of europe , so neither will russia . 
  the main question however should not be : is it possible for the eu to accept russia ? 
  the main questions are and will be : is it possible for russia to change enough and how would the world react ? 
  as to whether russia will change , it wo n't now , but it might in the future . 
  that will be up to the russians ( or whomever is leading them ) . 
  the un now has 5 permanent members , if 3 of them are united in an increasingly closer union , would that alienate other countries ? 
  would india start demanding its own seat because appearantly the eu can have 3 while having no more people ? 
  furthermore how would the world react when there is a power that clearly outshines the usa , is on 2 ( or possibly 3 ) continents and decides that the worlds major conflicts should be resolved in their best interest . 
  what would the eu do if it could take over the role as leader of the world ? 
  and what would the eu policy actually be towards the rest of the world ? 
  the russian diplomatic relations are vastly different from those of the eu and they do n't seem likely to want to change it . 
  what would happen to the rest of the former ussr if russia behaves like a neat model democracy and does n't bully them ? 
  will they also want to join the eu ? 
  and should they be allowed ? 
  it would mean the eu would be a whole lot closer to a lot of asian troubles . 
  there is a whole block of almost forgotten turkic former ussr states in central asia and their southern borders are with iran , afganistan and pakistan . 
  in short , i think russia joining the eu should not be a problem . 
  but it is not a question of today or tomorrow or even next year . 
  if they would want to join the eu right now , they 'd be denied . 
  there are a whole lot of reforms that would have to be passed and neighbours to be respected . 
  it would be a long and arduous process , and they might even need as much patience as the turks . 
  this article is a little misleading , and certainly biased as well . 
  first of all , the arctic sunrise is presented as if it is some event at the end of the whole year , as some sort reaction by the russians towards the whole diplomatic scandal . 
  it was however before the arrest of borodin and the break-in at the house of the dutch diplomat . 
  secondly the article forgets to mention that the police brought the wife of borodin back home after she had rammed a few cars while drunk . 
  they did not come there to arrest borodin , but did so when they saw him , drunk , dragging his kids by their hair . 
  this was because they considered him an immediate threat to his kids , and posing an immidiate threat to others is one of the few reasons why a diplomat can be detained according to the vienna convention . 
  the ` apology ' the article mentioned however , was simply , ' i am very sorry that we did something against the vienna convention , but i understand why the police did what they did . ', 
  which simply infuriated putin , and was still too much of an apology according to quite some dutch . 
  furthermore , the dutch think that justice should always prevail , and quite some citizens are mad that the russians did not prosecute borodin , as his immunity does n't mean he is impervious to the law , only to dutch law . 
  thirdly , there was a break-in at the house of a member of the russian embassy , after the dutch diplomat was abused in his house . 
  the police was there quickly , with a considerable force , and the perpatrator was arrested a few days later . 
  and to continue , the whole arctic sunrise thing was simply illegal . 
  the arctic sunrise was in international waters , and the russians did n't have the right to detain them . 
  this is also infuriating to the dutch because of how they view justice , and they think this is way worse than the whole thing involving the russian and dutch diplomats . 
  the general consensus here is how dare they arrest dutch citizens who were just protesting , especially if it was n't even in russia ? 
  by now , most dutch dislike russia strongly , and the only reasons we did not yet go into an all-out diplomatic war , is that we need the russian oil and gas , and that some people thankfully are smart enough to recognise the economic ties between russia and the netherlands . 
  most of the anger comes from viewing russia as a bully , who bullies greenpeace , gays and its eastern european neighbours . 
  the dutch are also much more used to protests , and think that protesting is something that should never be taken as an insult . 
  also freedom of speech is considered very important . 
  we for instance have geert wilders , who hates islam , most of the people consider him a nutjob , who promotes hatred , but we let him speak . 
  therefore , the rally in amsterdam was something that was not viewed as trying to insult putin by the dutch , and that those were just people using their freedom of speech . 
  the same thing goes for the politicians , they spoke out for gay rights , but that should not be considered an insult , rather a personal opinion , and the opinion of the people . 
  because it actually is the opinion of the people . 
  gay marriage was allowed in 2001 . 
  and now we consider someone treating gays as different as a bad , discriminative person , to the point that it is close to discriminating against women or other races . 
  the dutch and russian views are very different , and that combined with how vocal the dutch are , and how quick the russians move from words to actions , and how the dutch view saying something and doing something as completely different tiers , this was bound to escalate . 
  tl ; dr this article misses a lot of issues , and does not say much about the dutch view on this year , so here it is . 
  by the way , the dutch think putin is an arrogant bully , pretending he has the power stalin had . 
  since french is my third language , i might have made a ( few ) mistake ( s ) . 
  then again , luxembourg was one of the founding countries of the ecsc , the eec , and later the eu . 
  they are a part of the benelux too , a union that ( arguably ) inspired the ecsc .
