  got ta love hypocrisy . 
   you do realise that the imf did not want to get involved with greece , an eu and eurozone country , at all , until the eurogroup called them in ? 
  source ? 
   they also are essentially only an advisor for the totality of bailout programmes for greece , because it is an eu entity . 
  somehow finding a way to blame imf within all that is ludicruous . 
  an adviser that lent tons of billions the imf itself revealed on how they failed with greece . 
  i would leave troika out of it since troika implies the ecb and the ec and the imf has * helped * countries outside of europe . 
  the problem with the austerity measures is that it leaves the country domestic economy in a truly fragile position . 
  seriously , the imf ensures the debt repayment by shutting down a country . 
  let 's stop spending money on health and education . 
  let 's stop spending money on subsidies for transportation . 
  let 's privatize national assets . 
  then we 'll allow multinational corporations to exploit the workers . 
  by then surely they 'll have a strong independent domestic economy . 
  well i 'm not suggesting that other european countries should carry greece 's burden , yet trickle-down economics does n't work . 
  the loaned money is created out of nothing and lent with interest . 
  so i 'll break it by parts : * greece ca n't devalue their currency within the euro . 
  * greece ca n't inflate without defaulting . 
  * greece ca n't print more currency . 
  so what 's left ? 
  to default . 
  short-term it sucks . 
  long-term it 's their best option . 
  all the talk about `` they 'll lose everyone 's trust etc '' . 
  money will be put where there are assets and more money to be made . 
  if greece can restore their economy , those `` trust issues '' will easily disappear . 
  ** portugal ** * portugal u-21 football team won 5-0 against germany in the u-21 euro . 
  * are we the next in line after greece ? 
  * the [ iberian lynx ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b1/linces19.jpg ) is now `` endangered '' and no longer `` critically endangered '' . 
  * one [ cinereous vulture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/85/aegypius_monachus.jpg/800px-aegypius_monachus.jpg ) was born in portugal , something that did n't happen since 40 years ago . 
  * a police officer was brutally beaten by a group of thugs . 
  * several opinion articles from people associated to political parties ranging from `` the imf is totally screwing greece '' to `` we 're the well-behaved nation that will do anything the imf/ecb says so we 're safe for the time being '' . 
  the more i read these threads the more i think we should be shifting our attention to the imf . 
  greece is basically the next in line after argentina , bolivia and ecuador . 
  cutting down on the unemployed , pensioners and upping the taxes wo n't revitalize any economy . 
  how come it 's taking so long for everyone to see that ? 
  it 's been tried , it has failed . 
  more than once . 
  you give more money to those who have it they 'll put it in the bank with a small investment rate . 
  it wo n't become money that is circulating . 
  give it to those who need it and they 'll spend it and that will indeed stimulate the economy . 
  you cut the economy during a recession you kill a nation . 
  i 'm willing to bet if greece had n't voted for syriza they would remain being funded . 
  which totally begs the question . 
  is the imf indirectly trying to influence politics to go their way ? 
  i totally think so . 
  and that 's why it 's convenient to have ps/psd ruling portugal , pp and psoe ruling spain , on and forth . 
  those are the political parties that will never break away from this infinite cycle . 
  that 's why you brits in portugal are as red as tomatoes . 
  34\u00bac or 93.2 \u00baf . 
  you walk the streets and you can immediately identify those who are northerners . 
  voted no since i disagree with the proposals and sincerely believe that the imf is seriously trying to push greece out of the boat bearing in mind their recently elected government goes against everything the imf stands for , therefore putting at stake greece 's sovereignty . 
  join the group my friend . 
  there have been several cases throughout history that have shown us that the devaluation of a currency can help a country in question . 
  the italians did it with the lira and it worked out for them back then . 
  the `` blame game '' as you name it , is in the title . 
  europe is destroying greece 's economy . 
  if you actually think that 's right i believe there 's not much more we can debate . 
  `` for no reason at all '' made me laugh . 
  i 'm terribly sorry for the greeks and as a portuguese i deeply understand how fucked they are and how corruption managed to screw an entire population . 
  yet not paying would open a precedent for other countries to do the same and then how would the ecb and the imf uphold respect over the rest of the in debt countries ? 
  this is why this matter is so important and concerns every european country . 
  on one hand greece ca n't pay . 
  on the other hand forgiving or letting the debt disappearing is n't even an option . 
  no matter what greece does the outcome is pretty much the same . 
  balkan yes . 
  my bad . 
  for greece it would definitely make them more competitive than they are now . 
  with the bonus point that they could devalue their currency in order to revive their economy . 
  what i meant to say is that if greece leaving for the drachma proves to be a more successful option than sinking with austerity that could well push portugal , spain and italy to go back to their former currencies . 
  as of now greece ca n't compete with the euro zone . 
  they are doomed to be in a financial crisis at least until 2040 if they stay . 
  we go back to my initial statement . 
  greece ca n't pay . 
  imf & ecb ca n't kick greece out of europe . 
  until something drastic happens what we 're gon na see is more stalling . 
  edit : if there was a simple solution for this problem we would already be over it . 
  greece leaving for the drachma ( if successfully done ) could well endow portugal and spain to return to both escudo and peseta . 
  that would n't be good for the lobby who wants the euro in place and would be a punch in the face to all of those who claimed and still claim that a single currency would be the best to do to eu countries . 
  yes . 
  chocolate . 
  why bother with the spoon when you can open the can and drink directly from it ? 
  reason why this situation has been stalled and will continue to be until shit hits the fan . 
  because greece ca n't pay and the imf can threaten them all they want but it will be next to impossible to kick them out without dire consequences for the rest of in debt countries . 
  both sides have no leverage . 
  that 's the actual problem . 
  greece ca n't really force the hand of imf , nor will the imf accept conditions that do n't meet their requirements . 
  the imf ca n't force greece out of the eurozone , or else what we will most likely see is a domino effect , where greece is followed by portugal , spain , italy , so on so forth . 
  and if countries start leaving one after another and greece sets the example of not paying , others will follow that example . 
  what happens then ? 
  what happens when these countries decide that to protect their citizens from further austerity they have to shut themselves out ? 
  the eu was formed to enhance mutual prosperity and to reduce political tensions . 
  while the latter may have succeeded in some aspects ( there are still tensions among baltic nations ) the first has n't been working for a long time . 
  edit : words, 
  in portuguese we have both designations : netherlands - pa\u00edses baixos holland - holanda and i 've yet to meet someone who says pa\u00edses baixos instead of holanda . 
  yep . 
  the portuguese colonial war ended in 1974 and started in 61 . 
  so way after the ww2 . 
  i 'm sure we do n't . 
  and the overall of the portuguese reddit community is n't feeling guilty for sure .
