  there 's no way in hell greece should leave !, 
  huffington post ? 
  greece should be long gone by now . 
  the guardian ? 
  greece should stay . 
  greece should leave . 
  greece should stay . 
  greece should leave . 
  * sips tea * daily mail ? 
  leave the euro . 
  telegraph ? 
  here 's 53 pie charts , 23 bar charts , 37 histograms , 21 line charts , 86 flow charts , 6 scatter plots and 1 network diagram of why greece should leave . 
  colonialism never left , i guess portugal and spain are saved then . 
  hooray . 
  if you even think that greece not paying is gon na make europe put them aside like you put a kid standing at a wall corner you 're in for a wild ride . 
  people are heavily misjudging greece 's geopolitical importance . 
  having said that , read up on the declarations made by the us . 
  greece not paying does n't mean that they 'll be isolated or cut relations with other european nations . 
  because those same nations and the us need greece to act as a buffer against russia . 
  politics are n't as black and white as you 're painting them to be . 
  edit : words, 
  you 're welcome . 
  even more so with the writer being known for belonging to the portuguese centre-right . 
  partido socialista ( ps - socialist party ) is pretty much the same as the greek pasok , they represent what people call the `` centre-left '' , or the same as psoe in spain , labour in the uk or the german spd . 
  they are all centre-left/moderate left , whatever you prefer to call them . 
  they are pro-europe and follow the social democracy ideology . 
  they are the biggest and only left-party that has ever been elected . 
  they are not anti-austerity . 
  anti-austerity would be be or pcp , the first follow the left-libertarianism and are seriously eurosceptics . 
  the latter is the portuguese communist party and follow a marxism -- leninism ideology . 
  those 2 parties are the 4th and 5th most voted parties in portugal but they are in no way near of taking out psd or ps from winning further elections . 
  those are the only 2 parties that have been in power since 1974 and that will remain so in the short-term . 
  our socialist party negotiated and would do so again with troika . 
  ** tl ; dr - our biggest left party is n't anti-austerity **, 
  i 'm saying that if the imf did n't lent their money that the ecb/eurozone would do it . 
  which is what is already happening . 
  it 's not only the imf funding greece . 
  there 's two ways that this could have went . 
  greece used the imf money to invest in their economy . 
  mostly their industries , so that they could actually have exports . 
  greece used imf money to repay other debts and got stuck in this hole . 
  the ecb/eurozone countries would do it . 
  you 're totally spot on regarding the black vulture . 
  sure . 
  i do n't have any affiliation towards any political party . 
  my votes during the last course of elections in portugal have been blank , yet i 'm the one with the political agenda . 
  you 're way deep into / r/conspiracy . 
  might as well go out and get some fresh air . 
  not that i know of . 
  i 'll translate some of the parts of the first article . 
   beating the greeks has become a kind of national sport . 
  it has several versions , one is to beat on syriza , the other one is to beat on the greeks and greece as a country . 
  both are related , we beat on greece because syriza has become an annoynace and , even if syriza steps back with their proposals - which is the goal in all this - the discomfort that exists in europe is a stone in the imperial proud way of the european popular party , the party of merkel , passos , rajoy and the collaborationist socialists . 
  today is what we call `` europe '' . 
  last sentences of the second paragraph . 
   no one talks about what syriza inherited , received in the beginning of 2015 , taken from the hands of nd sister of the spanish pp and the portuguese psd and cd , which governed greece with the effectiveness we all know and by pasok , brother of ps ( portuguese political party ) , which co-governed . 
  those are the ones `` europe '' wanted to win . 
  parts of the 3rd paragraph  but the greeks `` did n't do their homework '' ( a pun related to the fact that our ministers have been saying we 're the well behaved student who does all the homework ) and so they have to be punished . 
  more on the 3rd paragraph . 
   the problem is n't the payment to the creditors , it 's not the violation of european rules ( which ones ? 
  ) , it 's not the hardworking dedication for greece recuperation , it is only and just a matter of politics : there is no alternative , there ca n't be an alternative , no one will allow in this `` europe '' an alternative which confronts the power of the ppe ( european popular party ) , because that weakens everything that europe is to them . 
  meanwhile the writer talks about greece 's history and about greece national identity . 
  9th paragraph  the greeks , people of traders and sailors , are an easy target , just like the farmers from south of italy , for those who come from the industrial and `` working '' north . 
  it 's a known stereotype : thieves , swindlers , and above all , lazy . 
  reason why they cheated europe and want to live at other 's expense . 
  greece cheated europe ? 
  yes , with a little help from my friends . 
  europe actively helped greece to cook their books , germany in particular , while it was of interest to them . 
  then he goes on to talk about some shady business that 's being going on with the selling of tap ( a portuguese airline company ) . 
  the last 2 paragraphs are about the european union and how much it changed since it 's beginnings . 
   the main change was the substitution of a project based on european peace and solidarity , for a project based on power . 
  his last 2 lines are the following :  this is n't the europe of it 's founders , it 's the europe of the conservative parties , with socialists being dragged . 
  it wo n't have a nice end and by that time many will remember greece . 
  it 's a rough , fast translation . 
  the author is known to be a social democrat , supporter of the current political party in charge of portugal ( psd ) , that 's why this article has been having so many comments . 
  edit : calling / u/slyratchet, 
  they are all in portuguese that 's the problem  interesting articles : [ 1 ] ( http://www.publico.pt/mundo/noticia/a-europa-que-nos-envergonha-1700248?page=-1 ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/play/p1780/e199512/trespontos ) - video [ 3 ] ( http://www.publico.pt/mundo/noticia/mascaras-gregas-1699390 ) [ 4 ] ( http://www.publico.pt/mundo/noticia/a-grecia-e-as-licoes-da-austeridade-1699519 ), 
   and whats the other option ? 
  investment ? 
  with what money ? 
  they had a huge hole in thier books . 
  that can only be fixed by slashing spending or , as its otherwise known , austerity . 
  yes investment . 
  with the money that is being lent . 
  slashing spending is soundly beautiful . 
  because everyone thinks `` well they 're gon na cut on unnecessary expenses '' . 
  however `` slashing spending '' stands for , let the unemployed stay unemployed , cut the pensioners , people who paid a lifetime of taxes just to get screwed in the end , cut on subsidies that are actually vital for the nation to work : health , education , transportation . 
  then people wonder why the rift between the rich and the poor gets wider by the day . 
   money is created by trust . 
  a depositor trusts bank to pay back the deposit and thus creates more money . 
  the money disappears when the trust is lost and the deposits are cashed . 
  the money is n't being printed . 
  it 's basically zeroes and ones . 
   in long term we are all dead . 
  great that 's how we also perceive the problems with environment and others . 
  let 's raise the greeks as pigs for slaughter , where their grand kids will still be paying the debt . 
  if it does n't have an immediate effect then sure as hell we 're on the wrong path is a weak mentality . 
  logically i 'm not saying that greece pushing the default button would make all their problems go away . 
  i 'm saying that it 's the best option considering all the others . 
  that 's why spain is so happy with the austerity measures .
