  the beauty of it is that you can easily adapt it to any mainly white brotherly nation . 
  this is arguable based on which side of the political spectrum you favor . 
  i simply made a [ map-based observation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/religions_in_the_world_by_regions.png ) . 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  could you rephrase please ? 
  merci !, 
  am corectat . 
  so for you everything that is legal and/or non-violent is easy to ignore ? 
  protest is ok as long as it is legal and if that is not possible then it is ok as long as it is largely peaceful ( you know thoreau , gandhi , martin luther king & all ) and not affecting 3rd parties that are not interested in or responsible for said protest . 
  when your `` protest '' is affecting me badly , i can only perceive it is an aggression on my esteemed self and then my `` god-given right to a free life '' will kick in swinging !, 
  in hindsight , if your protest is that easy to ignore , maybe you 're protesting badly ( you know it boils down to politics in the end ) or you are not truly in a good position to protest in the first place . 
  i thought this super-simple shit is a sort of common ground , even on reddit . 
  pardon my ignorance . 
  looks like polish is the new black !, 
  somebody should start plm asap !, 
  two people in quicksand : one white and one black . 
  only enough time to save one of them . 
  as a split second decision what do you choose ? 
  answer : always save the black guy !, 
  why ? 
  there is a definite non-zero probability that the white ~ ~ might be ~ ~ is a hungarian !, 
  you see , for us carpathian hipsters black lives mattered before it was cool !, 
   no ... that 's the racist one !, 
  see below . 
  strikes are usually well defined by law and generally supported by those they affect as an effective means of `` civilized inter-class warfare '' in the capitalist system . 
  in most countries , there are regulations that are usually followed in order to organize a successful strike . 
  even in these cases , whenever you push the game for too long and refuse to compromise and reach an agreement , public support is lost and the strike dies down soon after . 
  when you strike without following the rules and at the same time endanger the lives or property of others , it is not so democratic any more and there is a considerable risk that you move into the direction of riot / anarchy and unwarranted violence . 
  even democracies respond to this scenario with a heavy hand since at the end of the day the common understanding is that `` your freedom ends where my nose begins '' . 
  yes , it obviously back fired since nearly all the scientifically and economically developed nations on planet earth ( that span most if its land masses and control most of its coasts and shipping lines ) do n't belong to the same abrahamic religion !, 
  when they 'll have that , it will be a truly sad moment as we ( romanians ) will also have to let go of one of our most beloved xenophobic jokes !, 
  neah ... only towards those that by doing so also blatantly affect my democratic right to get on with my law abiding life, 
  well that 's totally surprising !, 
  like if somehow there 's an age old inherent contradiction between : - `` social '' and `` private '' - `` media '' and `` privacy '' . 
  i think it 's a general problem for democracies that somehow candidates are never fit enough for their all-deserving perfect electorate . 
  even more problematic is that they turn out to be not so bad only in hindsight . 
  well , since they both made it to the final round of the election , i would say that a lot of your countryman disagree , 
   they are n't happy with the little perspective these camps offer . 
  so , basically , you are curious if replacing the word `` perspective '' with `` chances '' / `` hope '' rather than `` view '' / `` panorama '' / `` point of view '' makes a little more sense in the given context ? 
   btw . 
  i 'm not a native speaker myself , but perspective should also allude to `` outlook '' , and as such it is not really so wrongly used , is it ? 
  i think most have gotten his point in full . 
  especially since i do n't think english is his mother tongue . 
  austrobro , did nobody tell you yet that size matters less than determination ? 
   it 's the message that counts , and hopefully convinces a few more people to vote vdb in december . 
  useful for whom ? 
  well , sadly we ca n't all be open minded like most people it the middle east ... 
  the man is totally detached from reality . 
  i think he is the biggest threat to any sort of future the eu might have !, 
  edit . 
  not enough caps  ), 
  it 's simple . 
  in its most basic form , it boils down to if my imaginary friend ( code of laws/conduct/morals ... ) is better than your imaginary friend !, 
  although your arguments seem very valid to me , i would say ppp makes also sense when comparing between countries at the same level of historical economic development ( regardless what that level is ) . 
  you can use it to compare switzerland to norway and the us , you can use it to compare sweden to denmark and austria and ireland and you can use it to compare romania , hungary , croatia , latvia and maybe even poland . 
  it does n't make much sense to use ppp for a general comparison between south sudan , moldova , romania , spain and switzerland because , at a general level , most of the individuals that live in these countries have different immediate economic goals : - food , shelter and survival from war ( south sudan ) =  having a cell phone would be nice ; - improve accommodation and transportation ( moldova ) =  having a cell phone is a necessity ; - moldova-goals country wide + play `` catch-up '' with western life style in a few large cities ( romania ) =  having a smartphone would be nice ; - maintain the western-life style while breaking the dependency on the construction sector ( spain ) =  having a smartphone is a necessity ; - move towards a clean knowledge & high-tech economy while remaining very rich ( switzerland ) =  ohh ... look the latest iphone !!, 
  is n't this the only way to solve this problem ? 
  give this man some ( stolen ) gold brothers !!, 
  i 'm curious about the huge increase of greek salaries too ? 
  romania too , but austrian data is from 2014 for instance . 
  sadly , the data source is questionable at best . 
  when did it die exactly ? 
  it does n't get more balkan than this !, 
  grab the popcorn good people !!, 
  i fail to follow your logic . 
  why ca n't you have a collective proper border control policy before spreading around 1 mil current immigrants ? 
  why ca n't you return every immigrant ship in the med to africa/me and deport those current migrants that do n't qualify as war refugees or those that commit serious crimes ( i.e. , fail to integrate ) ? 
  yes , but before that we need a sensible border and deportation policy !, 
  first contain the problem ( meaning the internal rife and political tribalism it causes in eu nations ) and then worry about spreading its effects evenly . 
  or do you disagree ? 
  you 're wasting your time explaining common sense things to people who have become too tribal . 
  they 'll only accept facts that conform/reinforce their current ( and 100 % accurate beyond any fucking doubt ! ), 
  view of the world . 
  apparently the guy had lots of hands on experience with the issue , 
  we 're not that really poor . 
  we 're just very good at marketing ourselves like that , 
  no baby !, 
  the word `` hate '' is reserved for backward eastern-europeans like us . 
  in the west , they refer to their own as : nativists and troubled youth . 
  i know . 
  it 's one of the textbook cases of a successful privatization of a big steel company . 
  and a real-life argument advocating what you said about the british failing to properly manage their national steel industry . 
  you seem like a very reasonable person !, 
  i hope voestalpine continues to do at least as well as now in the future !, 
  for the sums above a certain level, 
  yes , and `` lucru '' also means `` thing '' when used as a noun, 
  `` sotie '' is mainly used with the meaning of `` spouse '' , just like `` nevasta '' ... `` muiere '' and `` femeie '' refer to a woman in general, 
  what 's wrong with you man ? 
  it 's only corruption when you 're poor ( and preferably african or eastern european ) !!!, 
  when you 're rich it goes more in the line of : unethical , dishonest , mismanagement issues ... much to learn you still have my young eu-padawan !, 
  i was n't referring to the budget . 
  i know it 's common in most civilized places to have it ready 2-3 months before the year actually starts . 
  i meant that sch\u00e4uble 's remarks must be a 6-months-too-soon april 1st joke ( since he is mr. 
  austerity & all ) . 
  i think that 's the idea actually ... 
  early april 1st joke for 2017 ? 
  i know germans like to plan in advance , but this is a bit too much , right ? 
  uhhh , bad move brother , you 'll soon have the anti-tziganism army on your ass !, 
  everybody knows gypsies only come from romania and they are the sweetest hard-working people around but somehow they 're permanently discriminated without any reason whatsoever by everybody !!, 
  they 're too busy losing it .
