  and you already are doing it from what i 've heard in it , aerospace , biotech , renewable energy ... but maybe not at an extremely impressive rhythm . 
  keep calm and grow a fucking industry !, 
  it is in germany !, 
  `` mechanistically is life , my friend '' / s, 
  a romanian also devised insulin and another one the jet engine ... guess our countryman should be wary of those as well , even when in need . 
  am i the only one thinking we 're actually not that bad in this new corruption map ? 
  thank you for the album !, 
  imho , the ugliest thing about the country is a certain part of the local ( primate ) fauna : those individuals that feel the need to have general opinions regarding complicated things based on limited experience and a very low extrapolation capacity  ) . 
  i really really hope so and i hope even more that i will not have to find out . 
  it 's not that i do n't appreciate your reasoning or your surprising strong passion for nato and the 5th article of its charter , but i just think that when it comes to realpolitik , germany and france would not stand by their eastern allies with weapons and a will to fight . 
  not against russia , anyway . 
  only the us and its favorite dog of war ( read england ) might . 
  yeah but russian gas is more important to you than romania and poland combined . 
  and we know it !, 
  i agree to that . 
  i was just being doubtful about the english stats and sarcastic regarding our perception at the same time . 
  i hope there is a special place in hell for people like you !, 
  but i thought we had that thoroughly secured ? 
  next thing you know we wo n't all be gypsies and not even the poorest in the eu ? 
  wtf ? 
  as long as no polite green men came out of it , it seems to be 100 % good news . 
  do you want cookie points ? 
  because this is how you get cookie points !!!, 
  i think he was being sarcastic :p . 
  some would , but i 've lived through the hyperinflation of the early '90 in romania and the extremely low-valued currency so the only advantage in my point of view is to not come to the point where the shit hits the fan in the first place  . 
  pssst kid , your next ~ ~ dose ~ ~ bail-out package is here !, 
  yes , the greek one for instance !, 
  and we can all see how well that went . 
  debt-driven consumption is good ( even when using external-debt ) only if ends up stimulating the local `` means of production '' ( factories , machinery , innovative production processes , etc. ), 
  and the local `` human capital '' . 
  by local , i mean residing in the country , even if ( partially ) foreign owned . 
  for this to happen , you need an excellent government and a good long-term strategy . 
  you know how these two things generally are in our part of europe ... 
  otherwise , the `` economic growth '' is just the state collecting more vat because people buy more ( expensive ) foreign products with more foreign debt . 
  and when the foreign debt becomes ... uhmmm ... `` unsustainable '' ... well you end up like ... greece . 
  the difference between them and romania is that nobody will give a damn and restructure our debts because we wo n't be bringing down the euroclub if the shit hits the fan . 
  if you do n't consume based on debt , but based on the availability of more cash ( vat reduction , lower taxes , etc. 
  ) , it makes a big difference what you 're consuming : 1 ) if you consume local stuff , you do stimulate the local economy to grow and increase supply or quality or ideally both . 
  2 ) you also stimulate it if you buy foreign stuff that helps you increase your personal productivity ( better tools , better skills , etc ) . 
  3 ) if you just buy foreign consumer products , you 're stimulating the economy of the countries those products are imported from ( with money slashed from your own country 's budged in order to make those initial tax breaks possible ) . 
  is this idiot trying to inflate populism and far right movements across europe on purpose ? 
  or is he really that much of a fucking moron ? 
  does he even know what democracy is all about ? 
  yes , but since nationalities are being brought into the issue , there are regular floods and then [ there are swedish floods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_ ( history \\ ) ) right ? 
  i see . 
  thank you for the info !, 
  i 'm not up-to-date with the leadership of the fpo , but mr. hofer seems to be well liked by exactly 50 % of the austrian electorate , so why change a winning horse ? 
  it might even be a pyrrhic victory . 
  hofer as president would have released some steam from the fpoe nationalism-filled balloon . 
  if the balloon stays inflated , we might see hofer as chancellor in a few years . 
  in my opinion , absolutely nothing . 
  if anything , it 's one of those things that underpins a healthy democracy where `` people should not be afraid of their governments but governments should be afraid of the people '' . 
  however , i do also advocate for a complementary good ( read draconian ) control/check system to make sure that those who own guns are mentally fit and aware that with great fire power comes great responsibility . 
  nevertheless , there are many that do n't share my views and that 's why owning and bearing firearms is a huge political and social issue in most developed nations . 
  austria just happens to be in the spotlight right now . 
  because we do n't have american-style mass shooting sprees here that very often and it 's probably interesting to a wider audience given the different level of gun control across europe . 
  the fact that you 're electing your president today and the front runner is a self-proclaimed gun lover that always packs his glock is just a total coincidence . 
  the subject is the view of gay relationships in romania , not the treatment of gypsies . 
  you were the one to change it . 
  we do n't like to bring up israel in anything , your country is far more irrelevant to the average romanian than you might think . 
  i also think we ( in ro ) just do n't like hypocrites , and defending the actions your country has been carrying out in the middle east ( occupied territories , lebanon , syria , jordan ) while screaming `` gypsies are discriminated in romania '' is just that . 
  we just might just accept scolding like this from sweden , but definitely not from israel . 
  integration and education by force is not our strong suite my friend . 
  those that desire to be integrated and become slightly ever more civilized , usually do so ( as i did ) and they are not discriminated against ( unless they travel to western europe  ) ) and those that do n't ... well , they find ways to get by , inside and outside romania . 
  anyways , it 's always a pleasure to be lectured on segregation ( and the unwarranted discrimination against your own kin ) by the citizens of the only state on earth that makes apartheid south africa look like a bloody summer camp . 
  romanians do n't suffer from white guilt and pushing gypsy discrimination agendas only infuriates even the more moderate elements of society . 
  we should provide them with free boarding passes to the promised land and even some relocation bonus . 
  i 've heard wonderful things about your integration policy over there . 
  teach us masters !!, 
   do you believe that under assad the majority of syrians will be able to truthfully express their opinion ? 
  do you think that most europeans , or most people in the world for that matter , really care about this ? 
  the sad reality of our day and age is that ideals do n't hold the same power that they once did . 
  humanity is a more `` pragmatic society '' that now seems to value `` stability '' above much else . 
  and no , i do n't claim to represent anybody . 
  it 's just a personal opinion . 
  dude , if you think a bunch of gypsies managed to hold their own in one of the most war torn parts of europe for 1700 years since the roman empire fell in front of mongols , turks , slavs ( poles and russians ) , germans and hungarians and emerge as one of the largest countries in that area , you are truly more ignorant than even the first among your people !, 
  ( and yes , i do mean melania trump ), 
   but also rich countries , like romania guess there 's some good news in every bad news  if it were only true, 
  because that one seemed to indicate a mildly competent police force and this one proves that they were just lucky it was n't a real incident . 
  # \\ #triggered, 
  they all look so symilar . 
  we need more people like you in the world !, 
   spontaneously combust do n't you mean spontaneously detonate ? 
  or are you talking about buddhists ? 
  could somebody explain how is this xenophobia ? 
  if it were to rate stores and restaurants based on their english language proficiency would it still be `` xenophobia '' ? 
  can only make some educated guesses but recent events in ukraine seem to suggest that a lot of people prefer being poor in the eu rather than poor ( or even middle-income ) by present russian standards . 
  right ? 
  romania has 8 . 
  and 4 are in the top 20 poorest regions in the eu , although one of these 4 is borderline ( the 20th poorest ) . 
  we still have a very long way to go to remove the `` poor stigma '' from this part of europe though . 
  a leprechaun in the statistics office probably nicked it . 
  when found , it will probably be 20 % higher than expected . 
  [ relevant article here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/625xak/doing_counterterrorism_right_explaining_why_hasnt/ ), 
  my mistake then . 
  maybe i did n't make myself clear enough . 
  i personally believe that ** brexit is one of the most mind boggling acts of stupidity and collective self-harm in the modern history of the west ** . 
  the future might prove me extremely wrong though and i somehow hope it does and both the eu and the uk will come out better because of it . 
  i also believe that once the choice was made and your politicians seem bent on delivering brexit regardless of the costs , rubbing it in ( from our side ) is not constructive at all .
