  or there is no agenda to push for that . 
   he was fluent in romanian most hungarians in romania are and i do not care what language they use in their day to day lives . 
  i would imagine their mother tongue to have preference and i personally support ( the current ) bilingual government and education for regions where they are a majority / significant minority . 
  my problem is with using a different color when mentioning `` nation '' in the title . 
  they 're not a different nation inside romania . 
  we 're defined by constitution as a ( single ) nation state . 
  they 're a different ethnic group . 
  like germans , gypsies , bulgarians , armenians and others in romania . 
  it 's not anti-hungarian . 
  it 's a simple observation that this kind of ethnic segregation is only highlighted for romania . 
  the southern part of slovakia seems to have no problem with saying `` vieden '' while `` viena '' is a plagued word for a big chunk of transylvania ( in which the ethnic composition is 71 % romanian and 18 % hungarian ) . 
  and apparently they have their own `` nation '' and are not an ethnic group like all the other ones in europe . 
  and i 'm calling orban . 
  you deserve a promotion !, 
  i did n't downvote !, 
  i never downvote people i talk to . 
   go google it i am lazy though  . 
  when i 'll care enough , i probably will . 
  but if you write it down now , you 'll probably do a social service and educate more people at once  . 
   based on the opinion of people not from scandinavia . 
  is n't this one of the cornerstones of every healthy stereotype ? 
   drug overdoses are pretty bad here what 's the explanation for this ? 
  asylum policy ? 
   ) ( based on a short survey of r/europe for the past years . ), 
   that 's not a place for a plane i somehow understand that was the idea  but i was simply trying to make a joke on the perception that having a plane smack in the center of the capital is as unlikely as having a kebab store ( since poland is known to be so conservative and highly catholic ) . 
  i 'm confused . 
  what 's curious , the kebab place or the plane ? 
  you mean if africa were in the same socio-economic class as ( eastern ) europe , with a half-decent rule of law and shared democratic , secular , educational and cultural values ? 
  probably not . 
  what reason would i have ? 
  the fact that their inhabitants are black ? 
  but before moving to africa , i think there are a few countries closer to the eu on all of these axes ( georgia , ukraine , former yugoslavia , even turkey and russia ) . 
   `` unfettered access to markets in many african countries '' that should be expected ( especially in some countries ) in light of colonial rule but the access of eu companies in africa is not legally preferential when compared with the us and china and is still subject to tariffs ( albeit small ) so we do not have complete free market integration with africa and mena ( and thus no obligation for free movement of people ) . 
  the / s please  they wo n't get it !, 
  i was n't made aware that africa and the middle east are in the eu and allow western eu companies unrestricted access to their internal markets ( for goods , capital and services ) . 
   judicary with just a few liberal parliment members can block any changes in law ( in poland ) interesting . 
  so instead of changing the laws they have to enforce , the solution is to appoint judges according to ( current ) political views ? 
  the problem i see is that this opens a pandora 's box in which people stop trusting the judiciary because the view of `` it 's a political verdict , man ! '', 
  is legitimized by governments that are too inept to produce proper conservative/liberal laws . 
   the will of majority . 
  without a fair playbook ( read laws and an independent judiciary ) , the will of the majority is `` mob rule '' , also formally know as `` burn her at the stake ! '', 
  or `` gas 'em all !, 
  ahhhh ... `` la belle epoque '' or as we know it `` labele poc '' . 
  well , for example when you look at the uk gdp ppp / capita you might say that the country is slightly better or at least as good as france ( for example ) . 
  when you factor in the amount of hours one needs to work in order to generate that gdp / capita ( i.e. , the current graph ) , you realize that people in the uk work far more ( or in less productive sectors ) than those in france to produce that gdp . 
  france , on the other hand , is n't the economic sick man of the west as it still seems to have a highly productive workforce ( and probably a lot of high-value sectors in the economy ) . 
  we 're patiently waiting our turn in the `` what do you know about [ country x ] ? '', 
  series  . 
  you do that if it makes you feel useful . 
  i 'd be especially interested how many happened during the one month at the start of the year when we had crowds of 200-600 thousand people on the streets for nearly a month . 
  furthermore i 'd also like to know the distribution of romanian gang-rapes by ethnicity ( romanian/hungarian/gypsy / bulgarian/ukrainian/turkish ) . 
  i was n't commenting on the incident but on the wording `` molestation mobs '' . 
  as for the cultural reference , read the wiki page or various incident reports . 
  such a group attitude , does n't seem to be part of the social behavior in many other parts of the world . 
   molestation mobs it 's called [ `` taharrush gamea '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_sexual_assault_in_egypt ) and it 's a ... cultural thing apparently . 
  it 's not a scientific paper now , is it ? 
  it 's a political poster aimed at drawing a large audience and large approval by using vague wording that lets people project onto it a large distribution of thoughts and feelings ( not necessarily the pc ones ) that must have their due representation in parliament . 
  and i made absolutely no claim that it were . 
  i was merely pointing out that islam-related terrorist attacks are far more frequent in western europe and and the us ( and even canada and australia ) than in japan . 
  and the czech party is playing politics perfectly on this very basic bayesian observation ( probability of having muslims in your country is almost 0 =  probability of islam-related terrorism is also almost 0 ) . 
  picture of a japanese guy ( probably ) saying `` no islam no terrorism '' . 
  politically correct ? 
  probably not , but i ca n't say there is any fake news here when considering islam-related attacks in japan . 
  responsible ? 
  enabling ? 
  yes . 
  must have been back in the day when the swiss were n't policing their air space only on a 9 to 5 schedule , right ? 
  ahhh , good ol' insults . 
  still the best way to win an argument !, 
  because buying american weapons buys american protection and buying european weapons ... buys mandatory immigration quotas for economic migrants from a culture totally different than the european one . 
  we let the eu companies build our overpriced highways though just to make sure everybody has a vested interested into keeping us out of the russian sphere of influence . 
  # \\ #betterthancroatia #betterthanrussia #livingtheeasterndream, 
  looking at historical evidence , somebody usually had to do it ... ( before that much needed mass emancipation phase ), 
  or a stereotypical asshole ... 
  nearly 68 million nights spent by tourists on the croatian coast last year = 4th most popular tourist region in the eu = hidden !, 
  thank you . 
  i see what you mean . 
  but vat is vat , you pay it regardless as soon as you add some value into the economy ( via local manufacturing or import ) , right ? 
  does it make sense to call it `` import vat '' ? 
  if you would not apply vat to imports would n't you undercut every local manufacturer of the same goods , since the latter have to pay vat by default ? 
  on the other hand , a tariff is the direct taxation of imports directly aimed at protecting/stimulating the local economy . 
   import value added tax ? 
  apparently you understand them quite well . 
  they 're also known as tariffs . 
  but the companies that were attracted using it and are now rooted will not leave ireland just to pay bigger tax in france or germany or spain . 
  and brexit should provide some extra business as well . 
  i foresee some fat little leprechauns over the next decade  . 
  probably because ireland is an english speaking country that uses common law , has effective government , an above average educated workforce and is nowhere as corrupt as any country in the east . 
  i 'm not saying being a tax heaven is a bad thing : the netherlands has been a far bigger one for years , cyprus too and luxembourg is also quite competitive . 
  each country has to speculate that hand that it has been dealt , i guess !, 
  the corporate tax rate of ireland though has nothing to do with its status as a tax heaven . 
  i was thinking more of the [ double irish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement ) mechanism that can be creatively used to lower the effective tax rate far more than the threshold for the plebs ( e.g. , apple inc. ) . 
  because `` we'all find a use for a pig 's head on this blessed day '' somehow sounds wrong even on reddit . 
  you mean the `` paper '' , not the star , right ? 
  it 's nice how on this chart you can almost spot every new multinational switching to ireland as their new favorite tax heaven inside the eu . 
  because on / r/europe they are seen as the ones that let all the immigrants in , instead of returning them to north africa and burning their boats . 
  from russia with love ? 
  about damn time !, 
   slovakia 's roma problem , as if there are n't problems with them in other countries . 
  you are joking right ?
