  if the gdp of romania increases by 5 % ( i.e. , 1 billion euros ) in 2016 but all that increase is actually owned to the excellent business year of ( i.e. , profits made by ) one german multinational and the owner of that multinational decides to ( 1 ) extract ( as dividends ) all those gains from his company in his personal swiss accounts or ( 2 ) reinvest the money in his romanian subsidiary , i can assure you that the living standard of the average romanian would not increase one bit in 2016 . 
  supposedly, 
  give it a few years !, 
  you know how breakups are ... 
  yup . 
  except the fact that i 'm by no means radical-right , 
  i disagree with this one too . 
  real life is more like in the line of `` some humans unfortunately end up as examples to others '' because they refuse to listen to common sense . 
  and western law works well on civilized western people . 
  a lot of us in the east ( a few steps but an iron curtain away ) just interpret it as chronicle weakness on behalf of your far to generous states . 
  hence the inflow of thieves and beggars  ) . 
  and more importantly it served as an ugly lesson to not come knocking since you 're mostly not welcomed as we prefer to select our future citizens . 
  google a little thing called `` australia '' . 
  their immigration model is a bit too rough in my opinion but gives a good perspective that sea borders can be secured if there is enough will !, 
  i 'm actually an european scum , mate !, 
  i do n't mind so much fully documented immigration from culturally similar places with a somewhat lower but growing ( given the right democratic and economic stimuli ) socioeconomic development level . 
  especially when those places give me full access to their economic market to sell the stuff i produce and recruit valuable staff that i need . 
  because , for europe , i am a right wing person ( in the us , i would surely be a fully-fledged democrat ) . 
  i do not feel that any left-wing party in the eu represents my beliefs to a decent enough level since i strongly oppose the necessity of equal outcomes and strongly support the necessity of equal chances ( universal education , healthcare and strong social protection ) . 
  i also strongly believe that those that are more capable/skilled/lucky should be aloud to profit ( with a good but still decent margin ) from their situation and to transfer some of these profits ( as capital/knowledge/relations ) to a certain extent to their offspring . 
  more importantly , when balancing between the two , i would encourage most people to try and always go for the `` capitalist dream '' first ( because this is more efficient at identifying and rewarding good ideas and generating progress for us all ) knowing that the safety net is always there as a measure of last resort that will help them in the case of failure . 
  furthermore , i would not allow for a social system that can be easily abused and that promotes free-riders that receive according to their needs and contribute according to their possibilities ( these cases should be the exceptions , not the rule ) . 
  we 'll call this system `` red card democracy '' - where politicians get to promise and a 100 % intelligent and objective observer will mark them for how well they kept their promises since their electorate is obviously made up from a bunch of lobotomized sheep that need to be guided towards the `` correct political solution '' . 
  funny thing is china is actually implementing this in hong-kong - let 's just see how it works out in the long run , ok ? 
  nation-wide high-impact social experiments are best when carried out by other nations first !, 
  we can talk but not much will come out of it since i share your views up to a level of 90 % -95 %  . 
  my question was about ideologically `` pure '' communism that can never be implemented and somehow always ends up in a dictatorship that truly benefits very few and brutally exploits nearly everybody else . 
  i also believe in the social-state and in the long-term cancer represented by unchecked `` savage '' capitalism that exploits everything and everybody it touches . 
  i also strongly believe , most people still need a stick ( e.g. , decent form a capitalism that recognizes and rewards personal success but frowns upon utter failure ) and a carrot ( e.g. , a comprehensive safety net that `` truly leaves no man behind '' ) to generally advance themselves and their societies in life . 
  yes !, 
  - very few indeed but i would like to reduce the number to ( nearly ) 0 before importing people that are likely to share this fate without generous social benefits taken from my salary !, 
  a `` harder '' life is also a life where there is food and shelter but you ca n't find a job ( a place ) that gives you a decent salary for your effort and a feeling that you are a useful and integral part of society !, 
  you know , born in europe = [ european standards on maslow 's pyramid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maslow's_hierarchy_of_needs ) - regardless if they 're self or socially imposed . 
   cuba should be compared against those of the other countries in the caribbean and central america i , on the other hand , have had the pleasure of meeting and befriending several people from cuba . 
  the ones that i 've met are amazing people . 
  each with their own story and views ( even radical left ones ) . 
  the one thing i would like to point out is that nearly all seemed to agree that : when communism arrived to cuba ( 1950s ) , the country was already very-well developed when comparing to all latin american countries and even when comparing to some other countries in the world . 
  the thing was that the development was unequally spread and felt among the population . 
  and combinations of super rich and super poor never work out well . 
  hence my fondness of well-applied socialism ( but definitely not communism ) . 
  i 've lived through some intense years of communism and the memories of those days largely define my political stance of today  . 
  i do however respect ( and largely appreciate ) the views of most leftist people . 
  sadly i can not help myself to leave this populism-related circlejerk as it stands and i have to ask one question :p : are you a communist that lives in italy - a country that affords social protection by being foremost capitalist - or are you a communist that lives with the many goods and the ( totally very few ) bads of the social systems in cuba / north korea ? 
   you really think that attempting to give an education to some 30 + ish old person who ignored education first as a child , teenager and then as an adult is going to do anything ? 
  and you think that if all of the above apply but ( s ) he has a middle eastern/african background you will get different results ? 
   whenever it wants to tell parent how to parent the parents say `` it 's muh child '' so . 
  maybe we can start by [ working on the laws that give `` it 's muh child '' any power in front of the justice system ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xfp1/t51.2885-15/e15/10932084_649496681842941_991313649_n.jpg ) , especially when muh seems to be cognitively-impaired  ), 
  let me come full circle now and point out that if a ( sort of ) center but definitely right wing type like me and a radical left type ( btw , this is called a commie where i live :p ) like you agree on such a thing like mass immigration then we must have a populist view on the matter , right ? 
   ) how can people ( sort of ) pertinently analyze a problem from totally different perspectives , have different arguments , and come to the same conclusion that our political elites are making a uuuuge mistake in not enforcing a proper border control ? 
   they are refugees , not immigrants . 
  they will leave at some point . 
  how many people have pointed out that they stopped being refugees and became immigrants as soon as they left a safe but poor country ( e.g. , turkey , bulgaria , serbia , hungary ) in order to leave for a rich one with uuuge social benefits ( e.g. , germany , austria , the nordics , gb ) ? 
  as for those from north africa , mostly come for war-free places . 
  how many refugees from the balkan wars left germany and austria and their newly found well-paid jobs and better perspectives for their children to go back to bosnia , serbia , macedonia and montenegro ? 
   giving those people more money how about giving them an education / a training for something applicable in real life / a clean ( ish ) slate if they made a mistake in the past / a new perspective / a view that their are an integral part of our society and that there are still many ways in which they can help us and we can help them . 
  we should not be in the business of redistributing cash but in that of redistributing opportunity . 
  but this is somehow lost on both sides of the political spectrum nowadays . 
  talking about money makes arguments simpler to sell . 
  your username !, 
  i like it !, 
  your understanding of the world that in the year of the lord 2017 , in the most advanced economies of the world , you can not build decent/humane holding camps for thousands in a matter of weeks !, 
  not so much !, 
  - just talk to the people specialized in disaster-relief ... 
  it is this kind of thinking that caused brexit and trump and the so called right-wing backlash . 
  you do n't have to be a right wing populist to firmly believe that a huge wave of uneducated and culturally different people with dim prospects to integrate ( i.e. , respect and educate their children according to the written and unwritten laws of the land ) will only make life harder for those born here . 
  this is especially obvious when considering that very few countries in europe have a sustainable social/economic system . 
  without considering myself a right-populist , i think that the solution is not to bring more unfortunates in but to first make life a little bit more fortunate for those that are already here - especially for those at the bottom of the social ladder . 
  maintaining friendly relations with strongman and dictators all over the world since forever ( which is not a bad thing ) . 
  we also maintain an embassy in syria . 
  you , me , pension funds , investment funds , corporations ( generic term : the markets ) - basically everybody who is consuming less than producing and chooses to keep their savings as safe as possible by lending them to governments/countries that need the money now to invest in infrastructure / waging wars / maintaining a social state , etc. . 
  `` waiting '' being the operative word . 
  50.000 people last night were busy with the `` doing '' part . 
   2.96 % debt to gdp ratio it has a 2.96 % deficit expectation . 
  the debt to gdp ratio is planned to stay under 40 % . 
  pardon my ignorance , i thought the `` y `` s are silent in strongman states , 
  the term you 're looking for is `` uuuge '', 
  this actually explains everything , seems like douches inhabited those lands since forever  ) . 
  they 're not even up to the task of securing/organizing the eu 's freaken ' border !, 
  they do n't have a proper military for a 2nd tier world power , let alone one to suit the `` leader of the free world '' . 
  that is a big problem ( very similar to what we had and sadly still have to a good extent in ro ) and no amount of extra debt restructuring/forgiveness and/or austerity is going to help by much when poured over such a basis . 
  why do n't people who are suffering the most revolt ? 
  somehow those people are beyond the reach of the greek state for now . 
  and the countries they operated from profited ( or have n't lost as much ) from their undertakings with greece so they are not on the top of the todo list over there . 
  greek politicians ( patricians ) are not/should not be beyond the reach of the greek judicial system !, 
  got ta start from somewhere right ? 
  how about with your own ... 
  so sorry to stop the circlejerk !, 
  how many of the greek politicians and political elites responsible for bringing the country here ( including their currently idiotic pm that just managed to prolong the rebound by 2-3 years ) have or are going to go to jail for a very long time ? 
  how much of their illicit gains has been confiscated by the greek state ? 
  it 's really easy to complain and ask for clemency/mercy/dignity from others , while at the same do absolutely nothing to change yourself ? 
  trust me , proud eastern european here , this mentality defines too many of us around these parts ... people on the streets of bucharest are and have been protesting to keep the anti-corruption drive alive ... people on the streets of athens have protested for many ( warranted ) reasons during the crises , but i do n't remember putting political thugs in jail as being one of them . 
  ... prepare for glorious yellow !, 
  swedish ? 
  what did they do in gb to deserve subhuman bragging rights like us and the poles ? 
  [ this is lesson no . 
  ] ( http://www.inkspired.ro/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/1200x/3b9b9bcee5f8da1772f4f7f3fc07648f/s/p/speak_moldovian_-_tricou.png ), 
  soon ... very soon , 
  this guy \\ girl gets it !, 
  never said it was my choice , though !, 
  you 're missing a star on the flag , czechia !,
