  they probably di n't build it , just `` obtained '' it and used it . 
  looking at us and scandinavia , i would decisively say : no !, 
  sure ... 
  well , at least they tend to associate us economically with the visegrad group now ( and not with the balkans ) . 
  it 's something . 
  true . 
   for example slovakia had 18,644.0 usd per person in 2010 prices in 2015 nice . 
  this is new for me . 
  i knew czechia and slovakia were doing really good ( mainly because of the automotive industry ) but i did n't know they were that good !, 
  you might be very right that they 're not quite above the trap . 
  i was thinking about them only in a regional context because they have large natural reserves in copper , an economy that is far more developed than others in the region , a good democratic background and very good trade relations with the rest of the world ( us , china , europe and obviously south america ) . 
  you are right , but as far as i know , the middle-income trap is defined at nominal levels ( without ppp adjustment ) . 
  if you want to see countries that really escaped it , look at south korea , taiwan , slovenia and ( until 7 years ago ) greece . 
  chile might also be a good candidate . 
  of course , because as taiwan , australia , new zealand , japan , uruguay , korea , estonia , slovakia , czechia and slovenia have thought us , you can only couple durable economic development with unchecked low-skill massive immigration and islamic fundamentalism leading to terrorism ( in one or two generations ) !, 
  silly poles for not learning this very important lesson . 
   nazi monies that 's beyond mean . 
  what you should go for is `` jewish dental gold '' . 
   `` unexpectedly '' much higher than forecast sounds better ? 
  may the best slav still win !, 
   ) and i do hope it 's you , neighbor !, 
   damn it , romania , why ca n't we be more like you . 
  we have a 3.4 % yoy growth which objectively is n't bad , but 5.7 % ... damn . 
  it 's ok . 
  the this growth-spell wo n't last that long for us . 
  but i am afraid we 'll soon leave you with a new bottom of the eu league ( at least when it comes to gdp/capita at ppp ) sparring friend : croatia . 
  may be the best slav win !, 
  corrupt politicians see more lucrative ( read easy to steal from ) investments than in r&d and a large amount of our best researchers have been drained by the west . 
  effective private r&d requires a certain level of corporate power that we still have not reached in many fields . 
   what do you mean with `` stimulating local capital '' ? 
  incentivising people to invest their money locally or to attract investment in general ? 
  this too but i was actually also thinking on a much larger scale to creating big ( nearly monopolistic ) `` national champions '' in strategic fields like ( energy , finance , transportation , manufacturing ) . 
  having large and competitive local companies is essential to any country as , unlike foreign multi-nationals , these guys wo n't flee or massively switch production to asia/africa when the going gets rough ( at least not as easily ) or salaries need to increase . 
  furthermore , these companies can themselves become multi-nationals that ... hmmm ... `` exploit opportunities '' in other less advanced markets . 
  see cez in the czech republic , samsung in south korea and , until the recent bankruptcy scandal , agrokor in croatia . 
  this joke , i like it !, 
  somebody ( way richer than me ) give this man some gold !, 
  only one way to escape it really , a mix of better education ( including vocational ) , research and development leading to marketable innovation , stimulating local capital and usually expansion to other markets ( if the national one is not large enough - and here the eu helps a lot ) . 
  well , it also has to do with [ hungary and croatia historically stagnating ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/graph.do?tab=graph&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tec00114&amp;language=en&amp;toolbox=type ) in something that seems to resemble a middle-income trap , not only with us catching up . 
  check [ this map from eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistical-atlas/gis/viewer/?year=&amp;chapter=06&amp;mids=2,52&amp;o=1,1&amp;center=46.83385,25.51406,4&amp;nutsid=hu33&amp; ) : our 2 western regions are at 47.83 % and 57.56 % of the eu average and the 2 eastern hungarian ones are at 42.91 % and 47.46 % . 
  impossible is nothing with orban and his cronies in power !, 
   it 's interesting that the gap between romania and hungary keeps on shrinking and they used to be a lot more developed . 
  western romanian nuts2 regions are already richer ( gdp/capita at ppp ) than those of eastern hungary . 
  but there 's still a lot of catch up to do and i seriously doubt we 'll catch up with the czechs and poles via this consumption-driven strategy alone . 
  you need better education and more advanced ( industrial or service ) jobs in the economy . 
  more than 25 % of our workforce is still involved in agriculture . 
  they still south . 
  but they no longer east  . 
  unlike greece , they all also have massive natural and human resources and the ability to exploit them freely !, 
  and that model of industrialization might no longer be applicable ( when there is a general downtrend in globalization and it is harder to dislodge incumbent recently industrialized countries ) . 
  well , my flair checks out , does n't it ? 
   cause industry to rebuild there cause nothing attracts industry like a bankruptcy-prone corrupt country with little to no industrial background in many fields , low work productivity and a less-than-stellar work ethic . 
  the fellowship of the drink, 
  i doubt it . 
  it 's mainly a consumption driven growth ( lower taxes + higher administrative wages ) on our side . 
  no sign of a large structural improvement in our economy so far . 
  which in our case is poland  ), 
  # \\ #betterthancroatia, 
  i see ... 
  he just forgot the / s. 
  but they 're not familiar with the fact that not all of them come from romania . 
  educational image indeed  ) . 
  the transition from fake news to hate news . 
  long gone are the days when sarcasm was easily identified and appreciated on this sub . 
  do add the / s since we live in such a belligerent political landscape . 
   independent for being massively sensationalist i guess this is what happens when you editorial team skips the monthly high quality press seminar with the daily mail and the sun . 
  when the tax collector is after you ... 
  as a principle , i think saudi law applies to a certain extent everywhere saudi oil and saudi military purchases flow towards . 
  yeah , but i guess the point u/poisoo was making is that it is not illegal in less civilized countries on which the civilized ones are depending in order to ... hmmm ... oil their advanced economies and maintain their respective civilization level . 
  i think the term for it is `` realpolitik '' . 
  stop making sense !, 
  it might interfere with the circlejerk . 
  romanian sheep . 
  tell wales about their stamina . 
  maybe we can make a deal . 
  a russian reconnaissance ship , obviously !, 
   russia is a middle income country , similar to countries like romania when senpai finally noticed you !, 
  you seriously have no problem benchmarking yourselves against what most proud russian patriots view as gypsystan when 30-40 years ago you were one of the two great powers on the planet ? 
  this is how some sources in our media have reported it . 
  it 's even better . 
  it was a military surveillance/monitoring/spy ship and the collision was due to `` heavy fog '' . 
  the dark side of economic uncertainty join you will , my young padawan, 
  you mean , they wo n't whine about it , right ? 
  maybe it explains why we 're 46th and not among the top 20  . 
  you should n't . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
   a brown religion care to guess where christianity originates from ? 
  i would simply ask why would europeans express solidarity with any form of fundamentalist belief ? 
  ( you know , it actually sounds less racist ), 
  best comment in the thread !!, 
  i do n't think i 've given you enough insight into my logic about populism and the fpo . 
  i 'm not against changing position on things . 
  this is how societies at large ( and political parties as their representatives ) tend to evolve/adapt to continuously shifting circumstances . 
  i 'm actually more afraid of regimes that do not / can not adapt their ideology ( see north korea and cuba ) . 
  promising easy ( and obviously severely flawed or destructive ) solutions to complex problems just because you watch out `` for the little man '' ( whom you deem as not smart enough for more nuanced views ) is a totally different thing . 
  furthermore , if your `` simple fix '' is proven wrong or unpopular , just switch it with another one and start all over . 
  and the cherry on the cake is that you claim to be anti-elites when in fact your leaders and party structure are usually among the most elitist . 
  at least the conventional parties ( yes even the torries ) seem to be less of a hypocrites when it comes to their vested interests . 
  why ? 
  historically , a lot of fringe ideas that soon become a dominant/important economic doctrine originated from vienna .
