  not bad little neighbor !, 
  ... not bad at all !, 
  happy independence day !, 
  or as you dear and totally friendly neighbours would say `` belaya smert ... best smert ever '' , 
  his personal ** interest ** into the greek debt matter is well explained [ here ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-11-29/greece-s-biggest-lender-says-it-s-crying-wolf-on-debt-relief ) . 
  that personification is just kawaii as fuck !, 
   ) thank you !!, 
   but in romania , it 's transylvania that 's the better-off portion of the country ? 
  yes it is due to historical and social-economic reasons . 
  the province was under arguably more efficient ( austro - ) hungarian administration for centuries . 
  it is rich in both natural resources , industry , and human capital . 
  and it also has a long industrial tradition . 
   it is for poor ones sadly , europe does n't seem to have a problem with the rich ones ... 
  hypocrisy works this way . 
  shhhh !, 
  nobody knows this in europe . 
  and if they did , nobody wants to acknowledge that turkey is doing more to stop the refugee crisis than basically any other country in europe . 
  this is what countries that do n't share an immediate border with the refugee deluge wanted . 
  i think most ( right/nationalist leaning ) people want ( 1 ) the deluge to be stopped and ( 2 ) migrants that do n't qualify for asylum returned . 
  as apposed to civilized swiss people that only sterilized gypsies ? 
  because they are intelligent . 
  i agree . 
  one of the `` benefits '' of going for multiculturalism with incompatible cultures instead of forcing either assimilation or eviction . 
  bat reputation , but a relevant one . 
  the dream has come true !, 
  more like , they ca n't integrate . 
   our own ministry of justice looking like a star trek spaceship in front of a kayak strangely enough , even if it seems totally heartless , this is one of the things that makes people ( maybe even me ) wish that terrorist are tried there . 
  european legal systems are not designed to punish ( well maybe ours is to an extent ) . 
  they are more progressive in nature and try to reform convicts into better citizen ( with more lenient sentences ) . 
  of course the whole thing is based on the assumption that european society is largely civilized and convicts are just outliers that need readjustment to fit into the environment . 
  the legal systems of other countries ( most mena ones included ) are meant to severely punish disobedience from authority as the law is seen and used as one of the main tool to exercises absolute control ( over often heterogeneous populations ) . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  i for one , think that i understand your point of view , and i do appreciate it , but i do not share it ( for now ) . 
  i know :( but maybe you should n't throw you teenage tantrums by joining a terrorist organization in iraq then ... 
   as such she ought to be entitled to a trial under german jurisdiction so let me get this straight . 
  if a german bombs something in the us , you realistically expect the trial to be under german law ? 
  i understand and partially feel the same . 
  it is a tragedy like only the ancient greeks were able to imagine . 
  but as we put laws above religion and tradition in these lands , we also put them above feelings . 
  i 'm wondering if there is any legal provision that would enable germany to retrieve her , even if they wanted so . 
   she 's one of us and she should be tried in europe why ? 
  she committed ( allegedly horrible ) crimes in foreign lands . 
  what gives us , as europeans , the moral high ground to demand that she be tried here ( where punishments are likely less strict ) ? 
  you 're emotional about the problem . 
  it 's understandable . 
  a lot of other people are emotional on the other side . 
   accepted 25yo jihadist men back some might argue that we should better learn from mistakes , rather than use them as legal precedents . 
   automatically downvoted . 
  wow !!!, 
  why are you surprised ? 
  do you think european terrorist should be held in higher esteem than middle eastern ones ? 
  yes , we do n't have the death penalty in the eu , but perhaps a lot of people even in europe would reconsider this stance when dealing with mindless barbaric loonies that seem to kill for the pleasure of it . 
  yes it is !, 
   in my opinion : not in this case , at least not always i 'm not that familiar with polish politics to have an opinion on this . 
  locally extracted lime stone , i think ( one of the few natural resources of the country ) . 
  that 's why all building look the same . 
  it 's called [ sarcasm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarcasm ) a la reddit . 
  what makes you think that was the idea of my comment ? 
  i was referring to the fact that `` previous government did the same '' is something you hear all over the world as an excuse to bad/unpopular policy making . 
  two words : president firea  ), 
  `` whataboutism '' - one of the classics , indeed . 
  my faith is unhinged that we shall prevail in the end under the psd-instituted one-party state but competition from poland was unexpected . 
  i carry a gun , he carries a knife . 
  everybody 's happy , 
  looks like we 'll have a new worthy contender in the crony capitalism sector , lads !, 
  they are paying significant reparations to everybody . 
  they are called eu structural development funds !, 
   because romania and the rest of the eu would obviously be part of the whole thing , too . 
  do you really think they 'll board planes for romania , out of all eu countries ? 
  they might apply at our embassies though ( since we are the only eu country with a working embassy in syria )  that you actually have no real objective counterpoint the fact that your proposed `` solution '' will bring a few million people in the eu , that we must then convince to go back is a sufficient counterpoint in my opinion . 
   it further shows , that you actually are all show and nothing else . 
  while your solutions are deeply thought out   only fools think that there are easy solutions to the migration problems we face right now . 
  there are easy solutions , as long as there is political will to address them . 
  the head of the italian navy just came out a few days ago and said he could seal off the coast of libya withing days , provided there is political will to do so . 
   the trafficking issue . 
  i am not talking about migration . 
  since you have n't turned on the news in quite a will , i 'll inform you that the trafficking issues is 100 % intertwined to the unchecked mass migration one . 
  it 's quite symbiotic . 
   you obviously are only here to mock us only partially . 
  sometimes i 'm also here because there are actually leftists around the make good points and make me change my ideas . 
  sadly , you do n't seem to be one of them - too much passive-aggressiveness . 
   enjoy your prejudices do n't we all . 
  even those of us who get form their core opinions and thoughts from 3 minute youtube videos . 
  hopefully , you 'll get back there in a few years . 
  i think things are looking up for most eu countries right now , greece included . 
  should n't we provide asylum to at least a few of the less fortunate in the world ? 
  i think it would be inhumane to completely close off our borders and pretend legitimate asylum seekers do n't exist . 
  romanian nominal gdp : 170 billion euros . 
  polish nominal gdp : 425 billion euros . 
  greek nominal gdp : 175 billion euros . 
  size of greece + islands on the map : at least three times larger than romania 's and larger than poland 's too . 
  i 'm just gon na go right ahead and call bullshit on this one !, 
   i 'll answer with arguments and those arguments are actually your personal feelings that it costs a lot ( more than options ) , it 's difficult to implement and it would require effort on behalf of states . 
  guess we 'll have to take them all in then and see what happens after the first few millions arrive . 
   make a deal with the unhcr that the eu will resettle 100,000 people per year forever , drop this ( or reduce the numbers ) and it sounds really good . 
  the 100,000 people guarantee is too much of a pull factor . 
  i did n't realize you were actually seeking a challenge . 
  it 's not that much , but maybe [ you can comment on this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6rbu6y/an_easy_solution_to_the_human_trafficking_problem/dl3wge2/ ) . 
  it should have a slightly higher standard . 
  i 'm saying we should do it in other countries because , in this case , after their asylum request will be rejected ( and a lot will ) , we can simply move on to the next case .
