  if they 're in europe when their asylum request is denied , useful idiots will always pop up to show them how to abuse the immigration system to avoid deportations . 
  if it makes you feel appreciated , sure !, 
   this decision has democratic legitimacy if the eu were a federal state maybe . 
  and it would be wrong even then . 
  what happens when 60 % of your local neighbors democratically decide that your house/apartment will now need to house 2-3 immigrants . 
  when you refuse , they politely remind you that they helped you rebuild your house after a red mud flood ( that might or might not have been caused by the negligence of some of said neighbors ) ? 
  do you democratically accept this diktat ? 
  not at all . 
  i just assume the best in people ( like they might actually have some intelligent arguments ) . 
  so instead of ( 1 ) increasing the embassy staff , ( 2 ) opening 4-5 more consulates per country , ( 3 ) establish en efficient coordination mechanism between all the eu embassies in those countries , ( 4 ) constructing and operating temporary refugee centers adjacent to those embassies in order to safeguard the very vulnerable applicants , ( 5 ) coordinating / streamlining the entire asylum process from the eu via a newly established dedicated refugee agency , etc. 
  your easy solution is to just bring everybody in ( no questions ) and then come up with something ( magic ) once they are here ? 
  insults make for poor arguments . 
  shhhhhh now !, 
  do n't disturb the circlejerk !, 
  especially from u/xeno87 since my idea is just a counter-proposal to the original subject thread . 
  i propose an even easier solution that also minimizes the carbon footprint of having a lot of people travelling to europe just to get their asylum applications denied : allow them to submit their asylum applications at any eu embassy in their own countries . 
  once asylum is granted by trained eu officials , get them on a plane and instant `` willkommenskultur '' . 
  is n't my proposal more humane ? 
  the party that agreed to it , lost the election badly and is highly likely to never govern again  . 
  do n't underestimate the support of pis in poland in spate of all their recent blunders . 
  i think they might be associated with a higher likelihood of terrorism , crime and incapability to integrate and be accepted in society on the short , medium and long turn . 
  but you should ask sociologists this questions , though . 
  they can actually perform scientific studies to confirm or refute this . 
  accepting mandatory eu refugee quotas for instance . 
  i would say that they have a problem with this . 
  disgraceful !, 
  they do n't seem to be very fond of mena immigrants , but this might just be the social bubble on r/europe . 
  i was there too and without speaking/understanding polish , this was my impression as well . 
  asians are well integrated . 
  i think the same can be said about ukrainians and belorussians based on shared culture , history and language . 
  the fact that you people use `` rumun '' as a heavy racial slur was unexpected though !, 
  germany is among the most civilized countries on the face of the earth and it tackles its history in the most mature way possible . 
  i 'm sure it can find a way to remain open and democratic but also become firm against those who try to abuse its society . 
  sadly , you ca n't have civilized laws for uncivilized people . 
  cause they can do high quality jobs that pay high quality salaries that ( 1 ) are better than what they can get in their home countries and ( 2 ) are above the skill level of the local population that chooses to immigrate to places where low skill work is better paid . 
   rejected migrants go to the police and tell they commited murder in their home country then they should face life imprisonment in penal colonies where they can work for the benefit of those that offer them protection  . 
  joke aside , i do believe that any legal hurdle can be somehow compensated when there is political will : exceptions can be added , attempts of fraud can be harshly penalized , freedom of movement can be restricted until asylum is approved , etc. 
  such measures would make the continent a far less appealing place for economic migrants . 
   hates the spitting eastern european freedom fighter i hate those fuckers too . 
  i also hate imposing a pc agenda on more traditional countries without any regard for local sensibilities and preferences . 
  this is not how you create mutual understanding . 
  this is how you create entrenchment and partisan politics that destroy democracy like no outside factor can . 
  i , on the other hand , would worry about the quality of emigrants and especially immigrants and their ability to integrate and be accepted by the majority . 
   i showed these cases because you claimed that only muslims are targeted by these attacks . 
  implying that this would be totally justified . 
  the only thing that prevents muslim school girls from committing a terror attack is if you spit on them . 
  did you take a special strawman argument training class or something ? 
   ) my only argument in the thread is that poles seem to dislike muslims in particular since various other ethnics seem to have no problem asking for settlement rights in poland in increasing numbers -- a thing these ethnics would n't do if they ( 1 ) are sane and ( 2 ) felt polish society was generally xenophobic . 
  thank you for all the info and the effort put into compiling it . 
  but i was not actually thinking about removing the right for asylum ( i consider it a human right ) . 
  my idea was to streamline all the procedures that lead to the granting / not granting of the asylum and especially to help deport illegal migrants much faster and cheaper ( i.e. , no cohort of psychologists and doctors on flights to afghanistan ) once a decision has been reached . 
   it 's almost as if the bureaucracy that allows these people to settle in poland is not xenophobic . 
  it 's almost as if they would n't have anybody to grant settlement rights to if the general impression were that poland is a xenophobic society that hates all foreigners . 
  which based on the 3 apparently isolated cases you highlight , it totally seems to be . 
   according to the country 's central registry of foreigners , the number of applications to stay in poland has increased by 86 percent since 2015 . 
  the highest percentages of those seeking to settle permanently are ukrainian , belarusian , indian , chinese and vietnamese . 
  interesting that so many people from such a diverse background are willing to settle in a xenophobic country . 
  it 's almost as if polish society seems to have a huge problem with only a certain group of immigrants . 
   the issue is that that process takes time , as there is the german law and prcedures to follow . 
  ca n't you change the stupid laws and slow procedures ? 
  ohhhh right ... political will ... 
   according to the country 's central registry of foreigners , the number of applications to stay in poland has increased by 86 percent since 2015 . 
  the highest percentages of those seeking to settle permanently are ukrainian , belarusian , indian , chinese and vietnamese . 
  interesting that so many people from such a diverse background are willing to settle in a xenophobic country . 
  it 's almost as if polish society seems to have a huge problem with only a certain group of immigrants . 
  if this is proven in the court of law , they should be tried and convicted as human traffickers . 
  have they also annexed by force any territory near you in the last decade ? 
  the must teach some really shitty history classes in czechia if you truly believe that . 
  personally , i wo n't argue against that . 
  yeah , because by pointing out that the libyan war was started by france , i 'm ignoring the syrian refugees . 
  as brexit is showing us , you 're free to leave / get out of any deals with the eu anytime . 
  it is not the soviet union . 
  i 'm not offended at all . 
  the comment was not about borders or greater romania but about how russian influence is perceived in this part of europe . 
  regarding your opinion on current borders , i do n't take internet trolls too seriously . 
  i 'm serving the impact of those losses ( and of how they came about ) on the mental collective of romanians ( and many moldovans ) . 
  you make some very good points , but personally , i 'm still a simple gypsy : i believe in personal solutions for romania ( ns ) , not in collective ones . 
   if you do n't care about the problems of others , that do n't affect you directly , then the politicians can get away with ignoring them , and others wo n't care about the problems affecting you , and politicians can get away with ignoring your problems . 
  or you can simply emigrate to a place where some of this common stuff we 've been debating over here is also common sense and common practice . 
  despite the intention of reuters , this is actually a praise to the kremlin : 40 soldiers is not that much to decisively tilt the balance of power in a strategic war that ensures a warm-water base in the med , a war that killed nearly half a million soldiers so far . 
  say what you want about the russians , but these numbers show that their war machine is supper efficient and their leaders ruthless . 
  i thought somebody from a land edemic to chavs might like this one  . 
   proper governance as ( 1 ) the electoral performance of usr in the last election and ( 2 ) the successful propaganda against the ciolos government prove , this is by far not the main concern of our fellow citizens . 
  if the majority of them ( that are actually affected by the lack of basic facilities ) do n't give a fuck about it and do n't question why things are the way they are , why should we ? 
  survival of the fittest is still a proven form of evolution , even though less civilized than education . 
  despite the intention of reuters , this is actually a praise to the kremlin : 40 soldiers is not that much to decisively tilt the balance of power in a strategic war that ensures a warm-water base in the med , a war that killed nearly half a million soldiers so far . 
  say what you want about the russians , but these numbers show that their war machine is supper efficient and their leaders ruthless . 
   i do n't think they are a majority i do n't think they are a majority either but unfortunately i think that they are too large of a minority . 
   there could be made some efforts to educate them on the matter , make them understand that it 's good for the environment and their health to have an indoor toilet . 
  you mean actually give a shit about them when there is n't an election in sight ? 
   even the luddites will get indoor plumbing out of shame they 're not luddits , they do n't have philosophical arguments against modernity and progress . 
  they just prefer to spend the little money they do have on things that are more/actually necessary . 
  many of the areas that do n't have indoor plumbing are dirt poor . 
  [ enlighten yourself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moldova#modern_history ) . 
  go to `` modern history '' and read the `` russian empire '' and the `` russian revolution and greater romania '' parts . 
   and you can find just as many ' \u021b\u0103rani ' in the city as in the countryside . 
  100 % in agreement . 
  it 's just that the city peasants have indoor plumbing forced upon them . 
    jesus , that just is n't true , i know because i come from such a village do you come from all of them ? 
   ) because there are way too many people ( spread around around 7-10 villages in two historical provinces of the country ) that i personally know and that have this mentality regarding indoor plumbing and the associated taxes .
