  when soros only pays for one cleanup operation per night ... 
  be european !, 
  compromise  ) megathread + two best of posts/pictures per day  ), 
  i 'm complaining that instead of being lax and allowing 50-75 % of the hot posts to be about our magnificent protest ( no sarcasm here ) , you could have made a live thread . 
  would n't it have been a win win for everybody ? 
  more diverse news from all around europe on hot and a closer followup of our struggle against the governmental thugs . 
  placebo ~ ~ does ~ ~ can work !, 
  so can/do antibiotics ( more often than not ) and surgery !, 
  i think that the combination of all these works better than any of its individual parts . 
  homeopathy is a religion , imho . 
  sadly yes . 
  but this only happens when/if the state does n't take away their parental rights in time . 
  super news !, 
  please stop spamming / r/europe with our protests ( 1-2 good posts per day should do ) even though it is kind of deserved since they did n't bother to make a sticky with daily updates . 
  the syntagm you 're looking for is `` natural selection '' . 
  finally , some good news from russia . 
  the message is wonderful ( in spite of that `` it 's '' at the end  ) !, 
  hope it gets through !, 
  some strong show of support would be much appreciated . 
  the thugs are working on plan b now , steamroll the same laws through parliament where they enjoy a pretty solid majority !, 
  you should tag it with misleading at least . 
  let 's see . 
  if things do n't go well for us with these corrupt thugs that we have `` governing '' right now , we definitely wo n't avoid it . 
  economic feudalism is their governing strategy : keep them poor , dumb and dependent on social benefits so you can steal and `` make deals '' on the side . 
  middle income trap . 
  when looking at real gdp / capita , not ppp adjusted , they 've reached it and we did n't yet but we are close . 
  exactly !, 
  really ? 
  you 've been overpassed by gypsyland ( i was told this is what we are called in your media ) . 
  corruption !, 
  though they are not the poster boys for it that we and the bulgarians have become , it is rampant in croatia ( maybe even more than in blugaria and romania ) . 
  this is not a regular government . 
  it does not have real objectives other than gain power and it does not have pressure / accountability demands from its grass roots . 
  they have no reasons to exhibit any shame and they do n't !, 
  their only agenda is to construct a `` get out of jail card '' for them and their friends and to be able to steal national and eu funds in plain sight . 
  their voters ( rural/uneducated or small/mid-level bureaucracy ) do n't generally care about anything else the thugs do provided that they either receive 10-25 more euros at the end of the month ( as pensions , state salaries or social-benefits ) or can steal with impunity ( if they 're in some local position of power ) . 
  and the effects of this pressure can be quantified numerically : 0, 
  not hungary , latvia first !, 
  but with the current governmental thugs more interested in ensuring endemic corruption becomes the norm , these numbers suddenly mean a lot less : - it does n't really matter that russia has 3k more / head than us when i know it 's due to averaging oligarch money to its entire population ; - it wo n't matter if we surpass latvia or even hungary , when all the spoils will belong to a bunch of cheating thieving bastards ( they 'll be rich and we 'll be a fucking decimal in the denominator for the average ) !, 
  we apparently drain it from all of eastern europe !, 
   80 million euro fine they had to pay to the eu for it bait somewhere else !, 
  people protest against a group of organized thugs that were elected on a social-protection platform and are enforcing a corruption-protection platform . 
  nobody protested against the result of the elections in over 2 months . 
  they 're protesting now because this psd-led government lost all legitimacy when it decided to make laws that only favor crooks their first and foremost priority !, 
  # * injustice minister, 
  no biggie , psd governments do n't generally give a shit about the quality of life of most of their un-incarcerated citizens either ( provided they 're not their captive electorate of social-benefits-dwellers the regularly brings them to power ) . 
  people are protesting against a group of organized thugs that were elected on a social-protection platform and are enforcing a corruption-protection platform . 
  nobody protested against the result of the elections in over 2 months . 
  they 're protesting now because this psd-led government lost all legitimacy when it decided to make laws that only favor crooks their first and foremost priority !, 
  the psd-led government of thugs claims that the laws are aimed to avoid an eu fine of 80 million euros . 
  the fine is related to the overcrowding of our prison system . 
  the eu ( cedo cheif ) confirmed weeks ago that this is 100 % false internal propaganda ( originating from the psd ) . 
  even if it were true , 80 million euros is an insignificant price compared to the overall loss brought by the endemic-corruption state psd wishes to impose . 
  their prison-related `` laws '' would allow : - thefts of up to 200.000 ron ( approx . 
  40.000 eur ) in public office to go un-prosecutable ; - witness testimonies that denounce misbehavior in public office to be valid only up to 6 months from the criminal deed ( basically a statue of limitations that benefits corruption ) ; - current legal cases with a total estimated loss ( to the state and the eu ) of over 1 billion euros to be thrown out of court immediately since the laws that underpin them would be scrapped . 
  extreme left-wing tribalism coupled with unchecked mass-migration !, 
  they ( we ) do . 
  i was just suggesting that the problem is common to hungary too , not only to romania . 
  their ( your ) very sizable gypsy community also comes from india . 
   ) fun fact , there is a sizable community of gypsies in romania that originates from the hungarian-majority region of in the center of transylvania and speak mostly the gypsy language and hungarian but not romanian . 
  because we aim to become india , one small step at a time , 
  it 's not . 
  just bogus data . 
  average salary is around 480-500 euros net . 
  see sources below . 
  [ average net salary in nov. 2016 was 2172 ron ( approx . 
  the dutch are extremely rich . 
  look at cyprus ... 
  i think it 's per year . 
  but it is an average based on the total food amount that is thrown away in the country . 
  o lot of this total amount ( maybe even more than 50 % ) is thrown away directly from the stores ( upon expiration ) . 
  do n't get cocky or i 'll take your potato and give it to latvia !, 
  or even worse , uncle russia will claim it and turn it into vodka !, 
  will a [ map of undernourished people ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/ourworldindata_the-share-of-undernourished-people-in-1990-92-and-2010-12_maxroser.png ) in the world do ? 
  we are below 5 % both in 1992 and in 2002 ( just like croatia , slovakia , turkey , russia , chile and argentina - neither of which are poster boys for countries where people starve to death ) . 
  edit : apparently , now we also [ throw away nearly the same amount of food/capita ] ( https://libraryeuroparl.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/food-waste3.png ) as the slovenians , greeks and czechs . 
  yeah , about that ... they 're actually not that many . 
  a lot of things may be missing from the average romanian household . 
  but , thankfully , food is not one of them anymore . 
  i never said the scenario is by any means likely . 
  it was a willing exaggeration on my behalf to make the point that a small increase in gdp does not immediately correlate to an equal increase in living standards for the population . 
  over time , of course a stronger economy will unavoidably be felt in the wallets of most . 
  they have the exact same score in these rankings !, 
  continue ...  ), 
  sorry mate , you 're the naive ( or hypocritical ) one over here . 
  you know , every beggar in the nordic countries seems to be identified as `` romanian '' and/or `` bulgarian '' and never by `` gypsy '' . 
  and nobody has a problem with it since it 's the `` politically correct '' thing to do . 
  does `` political corectness '' only apply to poor people from the east ? 
  well , does he have a swedish citizenship ? 
  edit : uuuu downvotes for asking a simple question . 
  i 'm curious because every beggar in the nordic countries seems to be identified as `` romanian '' and/or `` bulgarian '' and never by `` gypsy '' . 
  what do you mean ? 
   so i thought you were saying we should n't be looking at gdp growth at all . 
  i was just saying that a small increase in gdp over a short period can not indicate precisely how the living standards have changed . 
  when , on the other hand , the gdp/capita at ppp doubles or triples in 10 years like it has in romania in bulgaria , then you can definitely say that the living standards have increased dramatically without any further analyses of income distribution . 
  you seem to have somehow missed the entire point of my example . 
  i was showing you how a hypothetical increase of 5 % in gdp in the short term would not improve the standards of living given some possible but extremely unlikely conditions . 
  hdi is a different beast and while it is strongly correlated with gdp ( since gdp per capita at ppp is one of its 3 sub-components ) , an immediate increase in gdp by 0.6 % does not necessarily show a general increase in living standards . 
  gdp per capita does n't reflect well in living standards unless the gap is historically large between the countries/time periods you compare . 
  living standards are mostly affected by how much of that gdp growth remains with the corporations and how much is distributed to the general population and by how fair this distribution of economic gains is .
