  the 30.000 ppp is my own ( highly error prone ) empiric extrapolation based on the ppp levels in the world today . 
  this man duly requires one urgent upvote for the comment and another one for accepting gaben as our true lord and savior !, 
  why does that bother you ? 
  just downvote if you do n't like the topic . 
  we do strongly prefer the term romanian force for internet defense as the rfid acronym is like 1000 times more catchy !!, 
  this is also my hope . 
  that free trade within the eu , a permanent natural flow of industries and services from rich countries to the immediately poorer ones , basically free infrastructure development , default help for less-developed regions , the free movement of talent , geographic strong-suits , and a powerful externally-driven anti-corruption and pro-democracy movement might actually take most countries in the eu over the middle income trap . 
  czechia and slovenia seem to confirm these assumptions . 
  greece , not entirely . 
  sadly . 
  i really hope the future will be brighter for all countries . 
  hope so !!, 
  i was n't arguing against their credentials as academics . 
  nor am i taking their excellent credentials as a sign that their opinions are absolute truths . 
  i blame it on the fact that even a not well-versed pleb like me ( i never mind truths and assumptions about myself ) has noticed that some of the truly remarcable economists ( akerlof - my most respected economist in the us today , nash , minsky ) were vindicated by reality and the larger community only after sufficient time has come to pass . 
  * ( this is an empiric-based motivation for my plebeian way of looking at economics-related matters ) * secondly , the main problem i find in the original source article you 've mentioned is that , besides the fact that they are making several very good points , these people have a very one-sided ( 100 % us-academic ) view of economics ( in said article ) . 
  they talk about and analyze countries like india , china , ethiopia in a very scientific , cold , model-based way ( like if they 're cars , ships or corporations at best ) applying regression analysis , dynamic forecasting , a battery of statistical significance tests and so on ( and of-course the layman rookie-sophomore analogy that any respectable economics article warrants ever since `` the market for lemons '' ) . 
  the thing is , a lot of people do n't always act logically and according to a model ( especially across different cultures , geopolitical contexts and historical baggage ) and as such , neither do their respective economies . 
  plebs do n't react `` as they should '' , they elect the wrong politicians and support policies proven to be bad , they forget historic gains and how they came about because of perceived short-term differences . 
  they repeatedly choose the wrong answer when confronted with the prisoner 's dilemma having a bias for stupid risk taking . 
  they choose to join the euro-club like greece and portugal when they are warned about the implications of the mundell-fleming trilemma . 
  the fail to invest in education when this is truly the only universal safe investment . 
  they are prone ( and easily tricked ) to display racist/nativist behavior even though economically they could profit a lot from a well-designed migration policy . 
  alternatively , they welcome 1 mil unskilled migrants into their high-income economies and labor markets because of `` feels man '' . 
  you know , human stuff that keeps reddit permanently full . 
  my plebeian view is that economics is a very complex ecosystem ( logic , psychology , sociology , herd behavior , politics , belief-systems/religion , history , climate change , etc. ), 
  and trying to analyze parts of it through a means that is virtually blind to large chunks of the big picture is like medieval age doctors trying to cure patients via humorism : sometimes it worked ( often it did not ) , aspects of it are valid today , but the scientific method and modern medicine are far superior by any standard because , among others , they have a holistic approach . 
  * ( these two paragraphs express my plebeian issues with the methodology of the article in question ) * coming to the article again . 
  i do value the research and some of its conclusions and arguments , especially the one that says several countries do n't even qualify as middle income in the first place . 
  i also do think that some countries grow slower than others and they are really not affected by the trap . 
  but i also see that several countries stagnate when compared to others and to the ever increasing average level of global development . 
  those countries that are able to transition to sustainable high-income status and preserve it for decades without the benefit of immense natural resources ( usually oil or gas ) do things differently and concentrate on education , high-tech , innovation , free-trade , etc. 
  * ( these are more empirical observations that support my plebeian beliefs that there is an actual middle income trap even though the definition of it is not commonly agreed upon ) * now , i 'm pretty sure i have not lived up to your standards as a well-versed economist but i think i was able to at least explain my simple-minded thought process on the matter . 
  or am i blatantly wrong again with this assumption of being able to expound ? 
  * ( this is sincere regret that i did not have the good fortune to benefit from too much education regarding economy - provided that independently sampled post-coital conversations do n't count , of course ) * edit : regarding newly minted grad students - these are the best man !, 
  they still possess a healthy dose of creativity / free thought / critical thinking and rebel spirit than can churn out great things . 
  once they get to play a few rounds of constructive peer-review with `` well established academics '' , all the previous usually subside in favor of a more `` obstacle free '' path to tenure . 
  * ( this is my plebeian view of how economists come into being ) *, 
  ] ( http://www.inkspired.ro/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/1200x/3b9b9bcee5f8da1772f4f7f3fc07648f/s/p/speak_moldovian_-_tricou.png ), 
  i do love constructive criticism , but it is far more than a myth when you have countries proving it for decades ( russia , south africa , argentina , brazil , etc. ) . 
  the article you 've sent is just a blog piece about two economists `` thinking differently '' in order to have one more publication pass peer-review  . 
  you can imagine that i would also be very happy to be proven wrong and to have your realistic path materialize . 
   ) unfortunately , i think i 'm a bit more in tune with romanian politics and overall education levels in romania ... 
  just give the man-god boiko a few more years !, 
  i 'm sure he can do it !, 
  nothing screams proud like the bronze medal in the poorolympics of eu economic development !, 
   but , in all honesty , things are much much better than they were 10-15 years ago . 
  the moment when i look at hungary and croatia in the list ... 
  unfortunately , i think they have their eyes on serbia , bosnia and albania first ... 
  ppp mostly makes sense when comparing between countries at the same level of historical economic development ( regardless what that level is ) . 
  you can use it to compare switzerland to norway and the us , you can use it to compare sweden to denmark and austria and ireland and you can use it to compare romania , hungary , croatia , latvia and maybe even poland . 
  it does n't make much sense to use ppp for a general comparison between south sudan , moldova , romania , spain and switzerland because , at a general level , most of the individuals that live in these countries have different immediate economic goals that influence the way certain products are seen ( e.g. , the ppp price of a cell phone is not very relevant for comparing between these countries ) : - food , shelter and survival from war ( south sudan ) =  having a cell phone would be nice but basic things like food and water are on top of the need list ; - improve accommodation and transportation ( moldova ) =  having a cell phone is more or less a necessity ; - moldova-goals country wide + play `` catch-up '' with western life style in a few large cities ( romania ) =  having a smartphone would be nice , a cell phone is a basic necessity ; - maintain the western-life style while breaking the dependency on the construction sector ( spain ) =  having a smartphone is a necessity ; - move towards a sustainable clean knowledge & high-tech economy while remaining very rich ( switzerland ) =  ohh ... look ... the latest iphone !!, 
  well , unfortunately , predictions in real-life and especially economics are a little more complicated than a linear regression for the next next decade . 
  in order to reach a level of  30.000 ppp/capita a country needs to evade the `` middle income trap '' . 
  and that is no simple undertaking for a medium-sized country as it means moving your core economy into innovative and high-value services and industrial products . 
  i 'll be happy if we overtake uruguay , argentina , russia and maybe latvia when considering ppp . 
  it would cement our place in the not-so-rich-not-that-poor standings . 
  why ca n't you people put o positive spin on things for once and just say : `` we 're roughly as good as our ( new ) romanian bros '' . 
  you would win by not being associated with / compared against the poorest state in the eu ( bulgaria ) and we would win by being associated with a country that has been richer than us for the past 30-40 years . 
  please , you just lost a spot in the special olympics of economic development ( and your net gdp / capita is still way higher than ours ) . 
  it 's not like serbia or bosnia overtook you or anything !, 
  so france and belgium started playing hot potato with migrants but somehow still want to convince the eastern eu nations that their attitudes towards uncontrolled immigration are/were wrong ? 
  because bulgaria simply screams desirability !, 
  the numbers have absolutely nothing to do with the fact that you 're on a major migration path or not . 
  yet !, 
  the post had 10 upvotes before i added that one and it has 0 now . 
  i guess , not so many share your view !, 
  but my little social experiment did yield some interesting results , 
  i think they already coined the term [ `` post-truth politics '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post-truth_politics ) for this new environment . 
  you 're the only one steering the discussion towards the adjectives ignored and useless . 
  i was insisting on legal and/or peaceful !, 
  - `` did n't know how i got there boss !, 
  paid some guy 100 bucks and woke up in the air !, 
  honestly !, 
  everything was totally legitimate !, 
  do n't worry boss ! '', 
  - `` we stole it boss ... 
  there was n't any more place in the boats today . 
  had to do it , really !, 
  plus we ca n't swim but can fly a little since we 're all pretty good aeronautical engineers !, 
  the doctors came last year . 
  can we like keep the chopper ? '', 
  - `` we actually found the chopper in syria boss and decided to return it to turkey but apparently our navigation was a little itsy bitsy off . 
  must have used maps made before 1832 . 
  could you please take it back for us or can the turkish come pick it up themselves from greece ? 
  we all developed a sudden fear of flying . 
  the doctor in the group blames it on the chemtrails ! '', 
  - `` so you see boss , life is really hard in the refugee camps in turkey and all of us were shooting and adult movie with explicit homosexual content for some extra cash . 
  our filming set somehow drifted into greek airspace . 
  we panicked and landed . 
  since we now face certain death for these revelations , we need more protection . 
  of the international kind ! '', 
  in a day and age when 30-40 year old africans are able to pass by as 17 year olds by the hundreds and our political leaders sing in choir `` fences do n't work !, 
  '' , i think anything like the above would actually pass eventually . 
  but they just had to admit the truth now , did n't they ? 
  amateurs . 
  should have declared that they are syrian , lost their passports and are heading for germany or sweden . 
  if they would n't have been granted asylum , at least the asylum would have taken 1 year to process instead of two months . 
  this is life when you are actually honest !, 
  you 're most welcome !,
