  i think europe was safer in the period between the end of the yugoslav wars and 2003 . 
  after that , the jihadist threat started to materialize more and all out war broke out in ukraine . 
  furthermore , the wave of mass unchecked migration from the last two years does n't contribute a lot to my perception of continental safety improving . 
  might be for your and that 's bad luck . 
  most of the ones i know do n't smell !, 
  and once you say all instead of most or large parts , it sort of is racism . 
  i only knew [ this definition ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/xenophobic ) . 
  that 's why they should n't be called `` roma '' . 
  every country in europe has a traditional word for referring to them . 
  use that one even if pc insists that it is wrong . 
   `` all gypsies smell like shit '' is not criticism . 
  it 's xenophobia . 
  technically , is n't it racism ? 
  i was n't aware gypsies have a country of their own . 
  nice !, 
  good to know at least one country in europe is safe from jihadist attacks !, 
  you should share your considerable expertise with constantly battered brothers like poland , hungary , slovakia and romania . 
  teach us your secrete ways , please !, 
  given the realities of green energy development in romania and croatia , not the biased views of the author ( s ) , this article seem crap . 
   no go zone . 
  why ? 
  are there a lot of non-french gypsies over there ? 
  or is france less good at integrating other ethnic minorities apart from its 500k gypsies ? 
   the pro-brexit side relentlessly lied really ? 
  you mean like politicians usually do ? 
   they need a visa and pass interviews to go to the us but they do n't need one to go to extremely hospitable france . 
  of course i do but there is no need to dwell deeper on strategically placed political correctness . 
  it is something that the west had worked very hard to instill and it frankly helps a lot with arguments over the internet . 
   a lot of people a majority in most countries , sadly !, 
  which means that unless they 're 701 years old , they were all born in europe and their children in the eu . 
   for our own gypsies hmmm . 
  do n't discriminate over here . 
  ** please . 
  they 're all european gypsies . 
  ** and since they have a nomadic culture , they tend to move a lot . 
  and strangely enough , they prefer to do it ( for totally unknown reasons ) in the richer parts of the continent . 
   it really sucks for roma to live here in present day romania , it sucks for everybody not willing to work hard and not politically connected ( and even for some that are ) . 
  gypsies just complain more vocally , by tradition . 
   in france any town , city with over 5000 people must provide space in case gypsies with caravans want to pass through and stay a bit with such conditions i seriously wonder why some bother coming back to romania after their yearly `` very lucrative '' tour de france ? 
   or why the french government is resorting to even bribing them to go back to romania ? 
  you guys seem to have it all figured out over there . 
   romania tried nothing and they ran out of ideas on how to deal with the roma problem ? 
  romania actually tried a lot . 
  do yourself a favor and google all the `` positive action '' programs regarding gypsies . 
  the problem is that most of them require `` willing '' participants in order to achieve any measure of success and some gypsies are more willing than others . 
  austrian sea side resorts eagerly expected . 
  shitty salaries . 
  you should take a trip eastward . 
  nor that important when considering the distance to other countries in the very high hdi tier , let alone to countries in lower hdi categories . 
  nobody new was included , but the values have been recalculated for the previous years ( based on newer data sources ) and the presented rankings are based on the recalculated values . 
  romania would have no control over the agency so the impact of any governmental corruption should be bordering 0 . 
  even more , having eu bureaucrats permanently dispatched in the country should dampen the stamina of some locals used to `` the old ways '' of doing business . 
  romania is also one of the only countries in the eu not to host an official eu agency ( while others have 3 ) so its about time we got one . 
  there was also an adjustment ( or maybe calculations based on new data ) . 
  you can see it if you look at the historical values of the report at page 202 . 
  it lists russia at 0.805 in 2014 ( using the present methodology ) while in the second to last report for 2014 ( the one that appeared in 2015 ) , russia was only at 0.798 . 
  `` hubris calls for nemesis , and in one form or another it 's going to get it , not as a punishment from outside but as the completion of a pattern already started . '', 
  there was a slight adjustment of components from the previous one . 
  no chance . 
   i think your economy is on the right track and it will start to improve . 
  you 'll be there too in 3 years max . 
  we did . 
  but now we 're at the bottom of the cool kids league . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  as a citizen of china ? 
  can you translate that to russian ? 
  you know , just to increase its value for posterity ? 
  put the / s man , they 're not gon na get it , 
  # #sad ^ ^ ^ since ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ us ^ ^ ^ bases ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ country ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ all, 
  no poland/polish representative ? 
  interesting ... 
  at least in the recently passed budget , defense spending was hiked at 2 % of gdp ( approx . 
  3.6 billion usd ) . 
  you still accept potato as universal apology ? 
  generally , if greece is considered western europe , than esti can into nordic 100 % !, 
  chill , boss . 
  no need to lecture one of the oldest democracies in the world . 
  we have our own people younger than 35 that are not that bright , not pro-eu and not pro anything constructive for that matter . 
  proof , look at the composition of our current parliament !, 
  at least the british can be bothered to go and vote one way or the other for crucial matters . 
   thrown in a hole preferably on a different continent ( or at least come prison island ) !, 
  profound ... but it also sounds like something out of a warhammer speech , 
  but why ? 
  is there really no more love between us , gospodin ? 
  tell me about it , 
  `` poland 's most famous son '' - expected jan iii sobieski ... disappointment was uuuge :(, 
  that 's an accurate description for over half of eastern europe !, 
  meanwhile , russia 's tourism chief was promoted after it was revealed that pictures of the baltics , ukraine and belarus were used to promote the country . 
  good !, 
  cough ... aviano cough ... 
  it 's just a side-product :p, 
   i understand were going to be a poor country `` poor country '' ? 
  that 's also a tad severe  ) i was born in poverty , molded by it ... 
  it all started with alternative rock !, 
  i 'll start my own russia , with blackjack and ... palms . 
  sadly only one country in the world can turn in a decent profit by exporting freedom and democracy . 
  and it ai n't us !, 
   one of the smartest people of our time yeah , about that ... you know smart and successful are different things right ? 
  and steve j. is n't exactly the poster boy for successful homeopathy, 
  cause i 'm sure that if those teens were proficient in french and german , the trick would n't hold in european elections , right ?
