  ... until they really need it !, 
  ... but ... but ... 
  i was told there would be only poverty , rampaging corruption ... and gypsies ( where ' z my people ? ), 
  not malta though !, 
  those people are a huge outlier of working-bees !, 
  i think this is the 3rd of 4th time in the last weeks , this piece of news lands on the hot page of / r/europe . 
  shocking really !, 
  who would have expected it ? 
  i think hypo in austria was the first case in which the new regulations were used . 
  bloody mountain-hipsters , bailing-in banks before it becomes mainstream !, 
  i think we were brigaded by vw workers or something , 
  are you of systemic importance ( to the wealth of rich people ) ? 
  ... when german companies are involved !, 
  i 'm not saying that small diesel is the overall single explanation . 
  just that , to me , it seems to somehow influence results between different rich countries ( europe and japan vs us , canada and australia ) and between urban areas and rural ones in europe . 
  real fighters have curves !, 
  i think it 's more a map of `` do you drive diesel or gas cars ? '' . 
  does n't correlate so well with industrial development in the case of rich countries . 
  [ here you go good sir !, 
  that 's more like it !, 
  can we organize a virtual miss northern hemisphere contest or something now ? 
  no no , we need order amigo : 1 . 
  build it !, 
  ( sudo ) make mexico pay for it !, 
  they 're not that overly ambitious now , are they ? 
  i mean the uk sacrificed like 65 million of them !, 
  and since the clergy were largely the only ones educated enough to read and write , it was the de facto alphabet of both wallachia and moldova , 
   i doubt the man has ever genuinely laughed in his entire life . 
  '' [ and then varoufakis told me they will leave the eurozone ] ( http://img.welt.de/img/deutschland/crop135629047/2519738349-ci3x2l-w540/german-finance-minister-schaeuble-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-at-the-chancellery-i.jpg ) '', 
  who is this guy and why is he consuming our honest to god hard-worked-for bandwidth ? 
  we need to build a big beautiful firewall and make mexico pay for it !, 
  what are we gon na ' do ? 
  a strategy that was obviously flawless ... 
   it is their legitimate country , but the word legitimate does n't mean compulsory . 
  i think i had this one well covered with `` i 'm not saying catalans do n't deserve an independent country if they truly think this is best for them '' . 
  that 's the spirit comrade !, 
  like i said , i think the catalan problem is quite complex and well above my knowledge level for me to usher a decisive one liner to settle a decades old dispute ( especially on reddit ) . 
  i 'll just leave this food for thought : catalonia is a cornerstone of modern spain by being decisive in the successful reconquista ( read about he compromise of caspe and its aftermath ) . 
  spain is spain because of catalonia and after a civil war and a brutally repressive franco regime , maybe some catalans feel that the rest of the spanish are rather ungrateful for their historic sacrifice despite common roots as strong as they can get . 
  this fuels wide separatism and populists that exploit this well of resentment for , guess what , political gains and an ever stronger hand when the national spanish budget is allocated . 
  i 'm not saying catalans do n't deserve an independent country if they truly think this is best for them , i just think that spain is their legitimate country in its entirety since their ancestors were instrumental in re-conquering it from the moors !, 
  and it is their historic right to have a huge say in how spain is managed - as a nationalist castilian kingdom that mimics self-representation , a very loose hispanic federation based on the german model , or anything in between !, 
  dude , in soviet transnistria the news makes you !, 
  i 'm sure over there they can quote me even for things i have n't said !, 
  even we moved up in the world !, 
  self-determination is how we got our independence ( and transylvania ) too , my friend !, 
  just like mostly every other small and medium nation in europe . 
  of course i mean that it can be used to justify `` liberating oppressed minorities '' as history shows you that facts on the ground and military prowess count more than history in realpolitk when it comes to carving out territories !, 
  just do some light reading on `` manifest destiny '' - one of the parts involved was made up of `` natives '' too . 
  and i did not say that you are necessarily wrong about self-determination , just that your view point is interesting  . 
  my view on the catalan problem is that i 'm really happy it 's not my problem . 
  though we do have some separatist movements in romania too and the dispute revolves around who was here first ( more than 1000 years ago ) . 
  this was the geist of my idea , yes !, 
  but i would n't say bothered as much as surprised !, 
  hell , i 'm surprised too !, 
  as for inferior , i have it on excellent empirical evidence that too many people in europe are surprised i 'm somewhat literate and do n't live in a caravan when i tell them i 'm romanian !, 
  i think somehow that the roma - romanian dichotomy is lost upon too many . 
  i was n't commenting on the content but on the editorialized title that is aimed at showing that large numbers ( even majorities ) imply righteousness !, 
  as a side note , it 's interesting to see someone so close to russia arguing about unilateral self determination in the 21st century . 
  the best beautiful words !, 
  words that make speeches great again !, 
  that built a great wall of confidence around the auditorium !, 
  words that emanate stamina , some would argue !, 
  and they dare to say that the plebs are tired of `` experts '' !, 
  were `` the people 's demands '' against the law ? 
  burning witches and lynching black people was , most often than not , also carried out because of `` people 's demands '' !, 
  and i wo n't get start with how communism interpreted `` people 's demands '' ... 
  this might work actually !, 
  how about we start a small experiment first with only two totally randomly chosen counties . 
  let 's say dobrich and silistra . 
  is it me or are the british planning to laugh and joke themselves back into the eu ? 
  legend has it that whoever makes shaeuble , mutti and seehofer laugh at the same time gets off austerity for one year !, 
  latest reports have found that calling people names is the best way to start a constructive debate that may lead to them at lest questioning their beliefs if not changing them entirely !, 
  i 'm so happy to see this has already become mainstream !, 
  is n't it bad enough they have to somehow accept becoming the 2nd poorest nation in the eu at ppp ( because a country most of them probably identify with gypsyland surpassed them ) ? 
  do we really have to pull out the grammar guns ? 
  now , of all times ? 
  you should incorporate it in the union then . 
  will bring down average crime rates and pull the rug under every birther 's feet at the same time . 
  looks like win-win for me !, 
  relatively good and stable patch but the inherent lag might be bothersome for many , 
  it 's not that i 'm soliciting or anything but , `` kinda agreeing '' is the start of wonderful circlejirks around here !, 
  orban in order to submit him as a candidate for the price in the first place , obviously . 
  my argument was simply that there are truly unsung heroes of our anti-corruption drive : prosecutors , judges , honest cops and national information service employees , a few honest politicians , regular people that are fed up with the system and denounce being asked for bribes . 
  and sadly , they will remain unsung ( maybe for ever ) . 
  because they are relatively unknown , they are also subject to more pressure and less public defense for their `` right '' actions that , in the end , benefit us all . 
  nevertheless , a famous newcomer will get a lot of credit for just not proving himself deceitful and actually following through with his campaign promises . 
  him being elected as president over ponta speaks more about our general wish not to have anti-corruption stopped than to his personal merits in helping the drive . 
  yet he gets the prizes and i can not stop thinking that it is because he 's an ethnic german and this excellent publicity somehow reflects well on the entire deutsche volk when cases like volkswagen and db bring their ( well-deserved imho ) historic aura of fairness and honorable conduct into question . 
  if they truly wanted to congratulate somebody , they should have congratulated kovesi , morar , macovei , mungiu-pippidi and many others . 
  or they should have allowed us into schengen as a public recognition of our efforts and results . 
  your sense of humor !, 
  i strongly approve of it !, 
  do you wish to be knighted as a true pseudo-balkan-brother ? 
  it 's just a simple pan-german diplomatic circlejerk !, 
  there are other people in romania far more deserving than him ( not saying that he has no merit in the anti-corruption drive but he is a very late addition to the game ) . 
  do you mean to find out if i know the fact that he is a `` late convert '' to nonviolence , a man who was persuaded to follow this path rather than the initial `` right to self defense '' ideology he embraced ? 
  the magic words are : [ dutch disease ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease ), 
  i do agree fully with what you say . 
  the actual medium income trap is defined based on net gdp / capita ( mainly because of the reasons you mention ) : if you are truly high-income and globally competitive then you are high-income and competitive with regard to the traditional capitalist champion ( the us ) .
