i feel like you have an incredibly biased perspective in the opposite direction . 
  things are n't always so black and white - where the minority is always the oppressed victim . 
  in my german class , at the very beginning of the refugee crisis , the way my professors put it ( some of whom were from germany ) was basically : germany needs people ( due to low birth weight ) , and the syrians will be hard workers . 
  everyone will be happy and everything will go smoothly . 
  obviously , that 's not what happened ... 
  and what 's wrong with france ? 
  is france that bad ? 
  you should finish your comment !, 
  okay . 
  well , what do you fear will happen in western europe ? 
  western parts of ue ? 
  whut, 
  hey bro in michigan it can definitely start snowing in october and go until april . 
   of course , that 's kinda rare , has to be a bad winter . 
  but is n't that a bad thing ? 
  one time for an outdoor hockey game ( the first in michigan stadium ) , they had the [ b-2 spirit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northrop_grumman_b-2_spirit ) fly over . 
  it was sooooo awesome . 
  i 'm sorry , but reading that description and those comments really make the people reacting to it look like idiots , even if it is a real speech . 
  it 's a massive , weird over-reaction . 
  there 's no real definition of what `` white '' is . 
  it 's just socially constructed . 
  look at the usa . 
  the usa has a strong national identity , despite our very varied ethnic/racial groups . 
  and no , i do n't think immigration at the southern border is going to do anything to change that . 
  god , all the turkish posters in r/europe are so dumb . 
  you guys really are n't making your country look any better . 
  hah , well i live in michigan , and i kind of doubt that terrorists are going to attack east lansing any time soon , if they even know about it . 
   one of the benefits of living in a smaller city , i guess . 
  i wo n't let terrorists stop me . 
  i will visit europe !!, 
  including france and germany . 
  because honestly , what are the odds that i could run into a terrorist incident while on vacation ? 
  practically non-existent . 
  i think people are letting their irrational fears get the better of them . 
  sometimes i feel like michigan is close to europe in terms of the social culture . 
  people do n't say hi to random people they do n't know , and generally people do n't make too much conversation with strangers . 
  also the bus thing is completely the same here . 
  of course , norwegians are probably still shyer than michiganders . 
  i 've heard a lot of people counter that statistic about sweden by saying that sweden has very different rules for reporting rape , and a different definition of what `` rape '' is , which accounts for the higher rate of `` reported rapes . '', 
  what 's your response to this ? 
  probably referring to the white people in vancouver , as i 've noticed chinese immigrants ( not their kids tho ) tend to mainly hang out with themselves . 
  an english guy using ya 'll ? 
  yeah ... feels bad man . 
  i wo n't get my kids circumcised , at least . 
  i think it has definitely become less popular , though i 'm not sure of the numbers . 
  do you honestly believe the shit you post ? 
  dude sounds like emperor palpatine . 
  yeah , i 'm a liberal and i do n't think that at all about sweden . 
  i 've noticed both sides of the political spectrum like to straw-man each other into a caricaturized , exaggerated enemy . 
  we need more real debate on specific issues . 
  that may be true ... but i 'm a moderate . 
  and i 'm a real human bean, 
  not everyone is on the far left or the far right . 
  moderates ( and even centrists ) still exist . 
  it 's `` looser '' borders . 
  and yes , your opinion is as valid as anyone 's . 
  though of course the right might try to discredit you because you 're not an ethnic european ( i 'm assuming you do live in europe , right ? ), 
  so am i gaslighting you or are you gaslighting me ? 
  what ? 
  why do you hate the swedish so much ? 
  you 're seriously delusional . 
  hopefully i 'll remember this post in 10 years so i can laugh about it . 
  i grew up in a diverse * and * rich area . 
  they 're not mythical , they exist . 
  admittedly i 'm totally an american though , i have no idea about what 's going on in sweden . 
  lol `` will not survive '' ?? 
  sure buddy . 
  cuz the country 's just gon na fall apart as soon as the brown people are responsible for anything / s, 
  the usa has done alright , imo . 
  at least here we do n't have issues with fundamentalist muslims . 
  in fact , most of the muslims in america are quite secular and wealthy . 
  if it 's a naval invasion ( oh man are we in wwiii ) , then marines go in first , along with green berets and all the special forces obviously . 
  then the regular army troops deploy . 
  i feel like you generalize massively and have all these negative associations with americans and the british for some reason . 
  we 're not your enemy . 
  because to people like him , non-white americans are n't `` real americans . '', 
  i 'm for sending them back to where they came from . 
  you have to understand , from my perspective , i look at europe 's welfare states and say `` yeah that 's pretty cool . '', 
  but then i see that any migrant who manages to make his way across the mediterranean can use them as well and go `` wtf . '', 
  the status quo as it is makes people feel better , but in my opinion it 's not sustainable . 
  not to mention the increased crime rates , the fact you have to find housing for these people , etc. 
  europe already has the highest living standards in the world - why potentially jeopardize that ? 
  you are , at best , excessively naive . 
  you think all the people trying to get into europe are angels ? 
  do you truly think they 'll make europe a better place to live in ? 
  you have to remember that in the us ( and by extension any fptp voting system ) you 're voting for individuals , not * necessarily * the party that they 're part of . 
  i 've known numerous people who have voted for several republican and several democrat candidates ( local elections ) on the same ballot . 
  in addition , the parties are far less unified than they are in other democracies , because they are essentially coalitions . 
  i hate fptp too , but i 'm just explaining how it works . 
  this is why the republicans have n't been able to pass a health care bill yet - the party has numerous internal factions , and they all disagree on how the bill should look . 
  thanks again for the statue france !, 
  is n't there a smaller one in paris as well ? 
  may i ask what exactly happened to your hometown ? 
  the united states will probably become fully-energy independent in the next few decades . 
  we may become a major exporter of oil , ironically . 
  just wondering , do you have any statistics on the demographics of germany 's 30-and-under group ? 
  i hope you guys know that german cars are considered by-and-large to be less reliable than other brands in the usa . 
  in addition , working on them is difficult and the parts are far more expensive than japanese and american brands . 
  german cars are good yes , but there 's a reason they 're mostly expensive luxury cars in the us ( and why people get rid of them as soon as the lease expires . ), 
  yeah well that 's not exactly a fair comparison .
