  sure . 
  that 's why they made the ** polish ** death camps / s, 
  [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b39cenriqw0 ), 
  news was about brexit . 
  [ watch here ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/play/p2226/e223150/telejornal ) ( starts at 30:20 ), 
  do n't forget [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt9-8ttvmss ) pretty thing, 
  poland is have potato, 
  and just think of the [ pretty ] ( http://qgiscloud.com/adecosta/syria_map ) maps we can have . 
  it 's wonderful, 
  well yes . 
  in a normal situation , both we and greece would have already started printing at least a decent amount of cash , and despite of guaranteed inflation , assure that there is money flowing internally ( it 'd also be good for exports ) it 's incorrect because of many things , being one of the main one the fact that the eurozone tries to bind extremely different economies to similar lending rates . 
  that 's fine and dandy when things are working , but when money stopped coming in as much ( in the 2000 's the development aid was dramatically cut for us ) that 's where we turned for bucket-loads of cheap money ... also , when banks failed here , the ecb forced us into damaging positions in which we had to use public debt to keep them afloat . 
  the problem is the metastable nature of the eu . 
  as it stands right now , it wants to have the features of an in-depth political and financial union while not possessing the required structure to firmly hold that on the long run . 
  you ca n't have things like a currency union without a unified tax collection and transfer policy , nor an absence of internal borders without a strengthening of of external ones . 
  but this is where interests collide , because for example , lower corporate taxes make international companies move to ireland or the benelux while majorly screwing other countries ' tax income , and a stronger currency bends over the export capability of periphery countries ( that 's both why japan is devaluing the yen and why several of our industries collapsed after a 200x stronger currency was introduced ) stopgap measures may be added ( that 's what the cash injections / development funds are really ) , but they are used in return to prop up their ( the richer core member 's ) own economies , since we end up buying them finished goods with the money lent . 
  with such clashing interests in unstable situations and unprepared , noncommittal leaders , something has got to give , and either the eu becomes looser / ends or it grows tighter . 
  so far things are not looking good for the union . 
  plenty of historical events would be rated as genocidal in the light of our days , and i think it 's only our duty to call animals by their names, 
  between all the awful possibilities there are , it sure is one of the less bad . 
  i think the difference is that in the us the police is not the protector anymore , nor the civilians the ones to be protected . 
  for many reasons , which were exacerbated in recent years , each simply became ` the other ' , the enemy . 
  if that bond of inherent trust is broken , then yes , it 's counterproductive to speak . 
  so it would also be in places where the police is overtly corrupt or hostile . 
  ( although i would n't recommend the silent treatment to chinese or russian officers . 
  it 'd get you in trouble ), 
  money and supplies are their worry . 
  with the agricultural and industrial capability of syria in tatters ( for example , electricity production as tumbled to about 15-20 % of pre war capability ) and supply lines increasingly more threatened by air power and overextended ( the kurds advancing past tishrin and encroaching on jarabulus threatens cutting of their last connection with an outside state , turkey ) pressure is ensuring that even basic goods are starting to lack in their cities ( both assad and all rebels have been keeping the peace with free distributions of bread and food , but those are shrinking while black market prices peak , risking further civilian tensions ) . 
  but while assad and other rebels have allies and land and sea borders to ensure emergency supplies , daesh has n't in nearly the same way . 
  & nbsp ; brutalities will undoubtedly increase , but to what point i 'm not certain . 
  loosing land is damning for the legitimacy of a caliphate . 
  and if they loose all ground and become again a terror group in a low level conflict , their capability to attract terrorists will necessarily decrease & nbsp ; putin wo n't negotiate in secret with is . 
  they are utterly incompatible with his endgame which is a cooperative state in the region and the capability to place military and naval bases in the mediterranean . 
  he has been shown to be much more capable to align himself with the kurds ( which he is being overtly neutral to ) or even some run-of-the-mill rebel dictator if he happened to topple assad ( very unlikely in the moment ) . 
  right now his goal is to ignore daesh while pressing on the rebels that could legitimately threaten the horse he chose in the stage of world diplomacy ( no one would allow a daesh or a nusra state . 
  now , another regular dictator to end this mess ... by now europe and the us are near the point of saying , ` fuck it let 's end this mess ' ) . 
  after all legitimate opponents are dealt with , then yes , putin will crush daesh , because by then the rest of the world will have no choice than to go down with it and support assad/whomever 's in ` charge ' . 
  making a deal here would be very problematic because many of the returning fighters would be chechens going to russia , where they 'd make even more damage to putin, 
  `` aquele tugazinho de estima\u00e7\u00e3o '' would translate as `` that little pet tuga '' , with tuga being an informal way to mean a portuguese person . 
  ( it 's more endearing than derogatory and we often refer to ourselves as such ), 
  deal !, 
  i 'll read it asap . 
  exam time 's a pain though, 
  of course they do . 
  in their disgusting , puritanical view , those are heretics deserving only death , while the christians are dhimmi ( and so are the jews , but ... not going there ) and thus permissible to live there as long as they adhere to some special statuses ( like increased taxation ) & nbsp ; they do n't want people leaving syria because for them to work as a state ( which is their ultimate goal ) they need to generate tax revenue . 
  if their tax base flees then their main source of income ( now that most of the pillaging has happened and oil exports grow more unreliable ) will vanish , and in consequence their capability to feed , arm and pay for their army ( the foreign soldiers coming receive plenty of benefits in terms of money , goods , housing , health , etc. . for them and their families , and money must come from somewhere ) will vanish & nbsp ;  and now the more they lose ground , the more aggressive the terror treats and attacks will get . 
  true , but they have been preforming unspeakable brutalities since the start . 
  they are just going further and further out to polish up their media and make it look like a bloody michael bay movie . 
  & nbsp ;  have there been attempts or attacks in russia ? 
  yes . 
  in fact [ they ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35205165 ) committed an attack in the muslim-majority province of dagestan just a couple of days ago . 
  still , terror attacks in the caucasus are neither new nor rare . 
  and this is very [ very ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/beslan_school_siege ) small in comparison with the past . 
  expect further russian retaliation nevertheless, 
  that 's what i mean . 
  what happened with the armenians at the hands of the young turks can in my view , only be described as genocidal and a product of racial hatred . 
  it 's appalling to see the images and to read the reports of independent observers , and it takes a lot of willful , politically motivated ignorance to deny or skirt around said events for what they were . 
  now regarding the circassians , i must admit i do n't really know much about them or their history . 
  so i wo n't comment on the validity . 
  but if anyone has good sources or info , please post or link it . 
  i like it how there are two sorts of parliaments . 
  those that say , this is our millennia old cultural inheritance , and by these majestic columns and glorious frescoes we shall write our laws , and those that say fuck it , postmodern minimalism with lots of bright , smooth wood is the shit . 
  actually three . 
  iceland and estonia seem to go with the cozy school theme, 
   more like empire wanted to govern there , whereas some ( ... ) did n't want it like that ( ... ) so killings were happening i 'm not that informed about the claims of the circassians , so i 'm not going to assert it did or did n't happen . 
  ( let me read about it , and i 'll get back to it ) , but that does sound a lot like the turkish argument for that ` silly rowdiness ' happening in the east during wwi , that did indeed happen . 
  russia would never admit any wrongdoings in the caucasus . 
  that area is a complete clusterfuck and russia has asserted itself in the region through force . 
  any such action would regrettably be seen as weak and therefore non-viable . 
  major de-escalation or assimilation still stands before any future admition, 
  i would disagree , and dare to mark that as foolish . 
  in less then ideal situations , when not all things are under your control , you must partake the actions which are more beneficial to the outcome envisioned , even if their initial motivation is different than yours . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  if it 's counter-productive to remain pinned down by your ideology , then yes , there are many forms of right life in the wrong life . 
  that is not to say that i 'm not moved by ideology in my conceptions , to deny that would be utterly hypocritical . 
  although i guess , when we do it , we 're idealists and when the other does it , they 're ideologues ... 
  hey , i 'm fairly left wing , but i feel perfectly fine taking lines from thomas sowell . 
  if an idea is good we should take it , regardless of who says it . 
  otherwise we 'll be blind ideologues . 
  nah ... that 's [ tunisian ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/worth+it+zoom+in+olive+oil_426908_4860534.jpg ), 
  exactly . 
  and correcting the article , not only finland never had a colony , they were a colony of both russia and sweden in turns . 
  i think that in the end , and this is somewhat controversial , the differences in outcome arise from how much they reject the values of the colonizers ( to be read : western values ) when they justly reject their faraway colonial overlords . 
  countries that try to integrate western values into their own ( and succeed ) do very well , like korea and singapore . 
  countries that reject that integration either stagnate , collapse , become ruthless dictatorships or have an indecent amount of natural resources ( pick two ) . 
  argentina , brazil , and south america in general , are westernized , and some parts are comparable to europe indeed . 
  the problem is that they inherited a south european predisposition to nepotism , corruption and systematic , kafkaesque bureaucratic inefficiency from their ` parents ' , while not suffering the pressure in the latest decades we did to more or less get our act straight . 
  ( and we did n't completely , we just got better at hiding dirt ) i could also add how cultural and religious unity helps countries develop much more smoothly , but that 's something for another post, 
  to be honest , i can sort of see the point of it , but with such high fines , it looks more like a way to cash in than a way to improve habits or reduce the littering problem still , i think that heavier fines should be given instead to people who let their dogs crap on the sidewalks ( and do n't clean up after ) . 
  it 's disgusting not being able to walk 50 meters in a straight line . 
  as a rule of thumb , it looks like the more you understand what dilma is saying , the less you like her, 
  we 're a moderately outraged people . 
  ... we hardly act upon it though, 
  here we say `` the disc changes but it plays the same '', 
  on the contrary . 
  the more north you go , the longer are days in the summer and the nights in the winter . 
  eventually you 'll reach the arctic circle , where summer is 6 months of day and winter 6 months of night . 
  days are surprisingly short in the summer when you get to the tropics, 
  i know it does , but i learnt about wikiwand from reddit and became a fan , so it 's a bit like spreading the word, 
  skies of fire dawn seas of blood a barrel fallen in parabolic arches over old cities & nbsp ; dried rivers spit their farmers a neighbor fallen in headless arches under old ruins & nbsp ; sycophants hide their daggers a mask fallen war marches blast oil through hollow speakers,
