  what about the history of populism is there to dislike then ? 
  the spreading of democracy and republicanism , perusing the goals of the majority not the minority ? 
  what do you think his goal was , to give me a history lesson ? 
  whenever someones invokes a '' history ! '', 
  in a populism discussion it 's about stalin or hitler . 
  quickest godwin in a while , congratulations . 
  yes , those definitely are n't opinions and buzzwords but definitely facts . 
  have you ever even looked at their party program ? 
  really i was just trying to show you why i thought it was a strawman so i quickly grabbed a couple studies . 
  but yeah it 's a semantics game we 're playing at this point . 
  so let me get back on topic . 
   even funnier is , i never claimed children of broken families or orphans did just as well as other children . 
  i did n't even mention broken families and orphans . 
  nor is that what the afd is pointing at in this part of their manifesto . 
   at the same time , we are against the glorification of individualised forms of living . 
  [ ... ] we 're firmly against any attempts by organizations , media or politics to propagate single parents as normal , progressive or even desirable . 
  their manifesto does n't mention homosexuality and parenting , it does mention single parent households . 
  there are very little studies regarding the effect of single parent households by europeans , and on an international forum i 'd have to use an english study to get my point across . 
  and here it states that they [ perform worse economically and in the educational system . 
  real argument : nuclear families should be encouraged because it 's proven children function best in this environment . 
  source [ 1 ] ( http://www.deseretnews.com/article/765581831/studies-challenge-widely-held-assumptions-about-same-sex-parenting.html ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2000/03/congresss-role-in-improving-juvenile-delinquency-data ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.mafamily.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/graph-9_crime.png ) strawman : all women should go back to the kitchen and the homosexuals are inferior, 
   there 's no problem with a housewife . 
  there is a problem with saying that all women should be housewifes . 
  women should have a choice and we should encourage them in it . 
  just like we should so with men . 
  they do n't say all women should be housewives , their leader is a female politician , you 're making shit up . 
   homosexuality should be discouraged ? 
  poor people should be left to fend for themselves ? 
  yes , what do i think about your other strawmen , i find them highly amusing . 
  you should write a cyberpunk book , i 'd read it . 
  for example if there was a burglary they 'll spread a physical description etc. 
  within the app . 
  sometimes they also warn for suspicious behaviour , like someone looking into windows at 4 in the morning . 
  why must we always denigrate housewives to some sort of maids ? 
  they 're not saying we should send all women to the kitchen , they 're encouraging housewives and the nuclear family . 
   most of the women i know that have had a divorce have not done so because of money but often because they were either physically or emotionally abused . 
  clearly this is anecdotal and i am not trying to prove that all divorces are necessary . 
  it simply highlights ( to me ) the importance of the availability of divorce . 
  just to set this straight first , neither i or the afd are arguing for the illegality of divorce . 
  i come from a broken home because my dad cheated on my mom , i understand that there definitely are cases in which divorce is completely justified . 
  but there are also ones in which they 're not , and there are ways to prevent people from becoming dissatisfied with their relationship . 
  and when someone divorces , especially a bad one in which the child will not or barely got to see the father , i think it 's important to encourage finding another partner . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  yeah , i thought second love was a global site , sorry for that . 
  essentially it 's a dutch website that facilitates cheating , and has adds encouraging cheating . 
  i think these adds are inherently detrimental for the nation and essentially encourage emotional abuse . 
   frankly , all these things together might somewhat reduce non-nuclear households but i ca n't see them putting a significant dent in the numbers ( might be wrong here , just my interpretation ) . 
  if we look at how much your culture has changed in 70 years i do n't think it 's radical to propose we can change something like this within a couple years . 
  it just takes time and energy . 
   and if one accepts that non-nuclear households exist one has to make provisions for those households . 
  making their life harder by removing day-cares will probably not make things any better . 
  in government we have to make concessions about what we think is important . 
  i think it 's more important that we encourage the nuclear family than we fund day-cares . 
   true , but that does n't mean it wont happen . 
  i think single mother households are just something we wont be able to avoid . 
  how would we even prevent this ? 
  outlaw divorce ? 
  i 'm not being flippant , i seriously want to know . 
  definitely not an expert on this but i 'll bite . 
  do n't incentive divorce , no alimony , in case of a regular divorce you allow both parents to see their children an equal amount of time . 
  tax benefits for nuclear families ( money is one of the main reasons for divorce ) . 
  drop all the '' second love '' - esque adds , maybe some government adds for marriage counseling ? 
  [ encouraging abstinence through adds or whatever might help too . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_r-whb9g9eyk/tjdsr8v_shi/aaaaaaaaaog/vmmgtymavci/s1600/teachman )  this just makes no sense . 
  that 's like saying you ca n't drown because our body is 70 % water . 
  yeah i did have a giggle there , but honestly the encouraging of the nuclear family is very important to me . 
  so i 'm fine with them being a little retarded on some issues . 
   currently syria is undergoing a massive drought . 
  this may not be the root cause of the conflict but i 'd wager it has a sizable impact . 
  one of many , sure . 
   global warming is definitely going to mess with crop production . 
  it 'll increase crop production in western and northern europe . 
  southern european production will decline . 
   even if europe can produce enough for itself , what happens when north africa and the middle east can not ? 
  we would see escalating conflicts on our borders , waves of refugees and other problems that stem from the local instability . 
  they already ca n't produce enough . 
  i argue that trying not to fuck with their leaders ( saddam , assad and qadhafi ) all the time might produce a much better result . 
  [ i am the enemy of abortion !, 
   they are also wanting to set back a lot of social progress that has been made such as gay rights and others . 
  what rights will they take from gays ? 
  they just do n't seem to be interested in teaching about homosexuality . 
  gay people will know they 're gay no matter what the teacher tells them . 
   they are pretty anti-science they 're not incorrect in stating that climate change is inevitable and this kind of thing has happened a lot of times before . 
   they seem to want to get rid of things like day-care and all day schools which would in turn make it much more difficult for mothers to work and for single mothers to even manage . 
  they seem to want to be pushing for the whole `` men make money , women make babies '' dynamic again . 
  [ growing up in single mother households is shit . 
  ] ( http://www.heritage.org/static/reportimages/7af715b6b04b740cff91e3b4dd6975bb.gif ) people fail to study the correlation between growing up in a single-parent household and crime , but whatever data we have shows that single-parent households do significantly worse than nuclear families . 
   they seem to think there is some sort of global homo-trans conspiracy to suppress the german people ( i do n't really get it , but i 've heard several afd voters rant about this ) . 
  not the party , [ there are individuals within the green party that think germany no longer being german is a good thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-kafrbdxmi ) . 
  does n't mean jack . 
   they more or less ignore climate chance ? 
  [ as germans should . 
  ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer-2015/europe/climate-change-impacts-and-adaptation/climate-change-impacts-in-europe )  they want the typical family with working dad and cooking mom?they dont like feminism . 
  want to lower/cut out the third reich from history lessons . 
  how horrid , there should be obligated whippings during every history lesson to remind ourselves of the third reich . 
   they want to cut out benefits and lower the taxes for the rich ? 
  if anything this party is big trash . 
  as opposed to small trash , they seem to want to lower taxes on everyone and cut benefits . 
   they are enemys of abortions . 
  do they beat the corpse or something ?
