  by releasing me . 
  mister president i 've seen on the television program look into the soul , one of you colleagues , mister hermans . 
  that voting for the pvv , a huge contraindication is for the profession of judge . 
  forgive me for thinking this is unnerving . 
  but i am even more worried that one of you , misses rens , in that same television program , criticized my party , saying that she 's against deportation of illegals and minimal sentencing . 
  however she said even more , she criticized the judicial decision during my last trail to challenge the court , and she did n't understand this challenged was approved because it was criminally not the right decision to allow this challenge ( this is the legal stuff i was talking about ) . 
  mister president , members of the court , in all the netherlands , there was only one judge that spoke against this challenge . 
  and by some coincidence i stand before this judge today . 
  i hope misses judge will understand why i say this , and that i do not trust you . 
  it would flatter you to cleanse yourself of this case . 
  and for this i call now . 
  mister president and members of the court , now i will wrap it up , i meant what i said . 
  i spoke for many millions of dutchmen . 
  i will not take back what i said . 
  i regret nothing , i meant what i said and i will continue saying what i wish to say . 
  i hate no one , i spread no hate , i hate everything that involves discrimination and do not condone it , that 's the truth . 
  only in a dictatorship is the truth punishable , and the opinions of millions criminalized . 
  i stand before three judges , but i should stand in front of seventeen million dutchmen . 
  i ask of you let freedom reign , let the netherlands be free . 
  transcribed it , not a professional so bear with me , especially when it gets more into legal mumbo-jumbo . 
  members of the jury , misses and mister officer ( of justice ) for more than eleven years i 've lived under death threats , i 'm reminded of them every day . 
  today too , i 've been transported here by a police convoy surrounded by bodyguards , not only today but every day . . and in this manner i will return after i finish this speech , my home , is a safe house . 
  my office is a blinded room . 
  and here , i stand trail in a bunker in schiphol . 
  for more than eleven years i 've paid a heavy price , and i think you and i both know why . 
  it 's for the same reason i stand here once more , i dare criticize islam and the moroccan problem . 
  `' freedom is the power we have over ourselves '' , that 's what the great lawyer hugo de groot said . 
  his statue stands in front of the high council of the hague . 
  he is the symbol of the dutch court , however he once stood trail . 
  he was sentenced to life because he fought on the side of oldenbarnevelt for our dutch freedoms . 
  but he escaped through a chest and escaped to antwerpen . 
  sometimes i wish i could do the same , but i know i ca n't . 
  i would have to pay a price i do n't wish to pay . 
  i 'd have to be silent . 
  that i ca n't do , i wo n't do . 
  freedom of speech is the only freedom i have left . 
  you 'll have to forgive me , because i 'll never give it away . 
  it 's a shame i have to stand before you today , once more . 
  millions of people , in our country , and outside of it . 
  believe it is too , a great shame . 
  however , since i have to stand here again today , against my wishes , i ask of you what i deserve an honest trial . 
  i ask lady justice to wear a blindfold . 
  however i fear i wo n't get one . . with the declarations against me , more than half of those who declared against me proved to be ignorant of what they were signing . 
  some thought they were voting against me , some did n't know what was happening , some could n't read their own signature , some did n't read the ballot , some were urged by their mosque to do it , some were urged by false pretenses , some were made to believe the police urged them to do it . 
  minister president , members of the court , this was a case of deceitful , misleading , uneducated and dare i say fraudulent action . 
  this is unbelievable , and that the officer of justice called it `' nothing to worry about '' , is equally unbelievable . 
  he who stands before you , is a politician . 
  one who represents a political opinion . 
  why did i speak of `' less moroccans '' ? 
  the honest answer is , because i want less moroccans . 
  we 've got a huge moroccans problem , it 's my job as a democratically elected people 's representative to address this problem honestly . 
  how and why i want less moroccans ? 
  it 's been in my damn ( could n't think of a better word , a lot less volatile in dutch ) party program since 2006 . 
  we want to establish a `' three step rocket '' . 
  stopping immigration from non-western countries , we wish to encourage voluntary migration back to their native countries , and deport criminals with two passports , taking their citizenship , which will apply for moroccans too . 
  i 've said this before , after and during the night of the infamous speech . 
  i 've never said i wish to deport all moroccans , or that all moroccans are criminals . 
  i 've only said i want less of them . 
  which i still stand by , as do millions of dutchmen . 
  the court now tries to get me , but is doing so selectively , if i 'd spoken of less syrians , i would n't have stood here . 
  or i would ' v stood next to our minister president rutte , together with all the leaders of europe . 
  for they are discussing how to get less syrians . 
  the public ministry is measuring with two different sticks . 
  for how silent was it when the politicians of the labour party spoke of cunt moroccans ( dutch slur ) . 
  mister ouderkerk ( high ranking labour official ) , the humiliation of moroccans , mister spekman ( labour parliament member ) or moroccan youth who have a monopoly on street harassment , mister samsom ( leader of the labour party ) ? 
  or how quiet was it when the turkish mister \u00d6zt\u00fcrk of the labour party called me a tumor , said i must be fought against , and compared me to hitler . 
  where were the mayors then , to condemn it ? 
  why were n't they in a parade ( loosely translated ) to sue me it ? 
  and where was the press frontrunner of the public ministry to condemn a local labour politician when he said he hopes i die of a heart attack , or if it must be a bullet , large enough to have `' from the dutch people '' written on it . 
  or when a d66 member , mister muhammad , wished to put a bullet in my head and feed me to the pigs , my kin , according to him . 
  and why was the amsterdam police commissioner , when he said he wished to `' demolish me '' . 
  what a selective outrage . 
  and when someone does come to the judge , when a morrocan said `' the fucking jews i hate way more than the nazi 's . '' they released him , because that is freedom of speech . 
  this double morality and hypocrisy from politicians and the public ministry makes this trail a political one . 
  the leader of the largest opposition party , all be it virtually , that one ca n't handle in the parliament must be made cold ( better translated as made inactive or something in that manner ) . 
  so i hope you minister president and the members of the court wo n't be used against me . 
  because the problems i speak of wo n't disappear through silence , silence is no option , silence is cowardly , silence is treachery . 
  when i , as leader of my party , on an election night of my party , ca n't speak of what has been in my political manifesto for 10 years , then that 's madness , so they condemn me . 
  but my opinion wo n't change . 
  nor will you silence me , for more than 11 years i 've lost all my freedoms but my freedom of speech , and i wo n't have that taken from me , not by anybody . 
  however i hope that you will let the political and public debate be the political and public debate , and the court will not become a political forum and leave themselves out of it . 
  by releasing me . 
  mister president i 've seen on the television program look into the soul , one of you colleagues , mister hermans . 
  that voting for the pvv , a huge contraindication is for the profession of judge . 
  forgive me for thinking this is unnerving . 
  but i am even more worried that one of you , misses rens , in that same television program , criticized my party , saying that she 's against deportation of illegals and minimal sentencing . 
  however she said even more , she criticized the judicial decision during my last trail to challenge the court , and she did n't understand this challenged was approved because it was criminally not the right decision to allow this challenge ( this is the legal stuff i was talking about ) . 
  mister president , members of the court , in all the netherlands , there was only one judge that spoke against this challenge . 
  and by some coincidence i stand before this judge today . 
  i hope misses judge will understand why i say this , and that i do not trust you . 
  it would flatter you to cleanse yourself of this case . 
  and for this i call now . 
  mister president and members of the court , now i will wrap it up , i meant what i said . 
  i spoke for many millions of dutchmen . 
  i will not take back what i said . 
  i regret nothing , i meant what i said and i will continue saying what i wish to say . 
  i hate no one , i spread no hate , i hate everything that involves discrimination and do not condone it , that 's the truth . 
  only in a dictatorship is the truth punishable , and the opinions of millions criminalized . 
  i stand before three judges , but i should stand in front of seventeen million dutchmen . 
  i ask of you let freedom reign , let the netherlands be free , acquit me .
