   you do n't care about abortions which is great because people should do whatever they want with their bodies but afd does n't think that . 
  they want to restrict abortions . 
  they first want to try to encourage not getting an abortion , if that does n't work to increase the birth rate they 'll try and change the law so that less abortions occur . 
  honestly , as long as they 'll keep it legal for women for which there 's a danger to themselves or the child , i do n't care . 
   also , the agency does n't support what you 're saying about climate change not affecting us that much . 
  would you mind quoting what supports your position ? 
  [ us , as in western , central and northern , it does support . 
  ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer-2015/europe/climate-change-impacts-and-adaptation/climate-change-impacts-in-europe ), 
  abortion should be a last resort thing , but i really do n't care . 
  sadly , he could n't translate most of their economic plans so i ca n't comment on that . 
  [ you should tell the european environmental agency about that climate change stuff . 
  ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer-2015/europe/climate-change-impacts-and-adaptation ) because they 're my source , and they might just be a little bit more intellectually inclined than you . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  forgive my tone , but if you do n't specify anything it just sounds like virtue signalling . 
  [ climate change probably wo n't effect us that much . ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/soer-2015/europe/climate-change-impacts-and-adaptation/climate-change-impacts-in-europe ) . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong in propagating the nuclear family , single parent households are the best indicator of criminal behaviour . 
  and honestly , gay people will realize they 're gay without the teacher telling them they are . 
  biology class being more about biology and less about why everyone is special in their special way does n't bother me in the slightest . 
  what 's so horrible about all this ? 
  did they also sack jerusalem ? 
  they 'd send us over to the german embassy . 
  plz no limburg is relevant :(, 
  where did i ever mention india ? 
  they 're doing great , pakistanis are not . 
  lumping all brown people together to bring down the indian and bring up the pakistani is n't very classy . 
  [ the pakistani community is lagging behind horribly . 
  ] ( http://www.demos.co.uk/press-release/integration-hub-reveals-mixed-fortunes-of-britains-minorities-2/ ) the fact that they provide a couple doctors is of course great . 
  but they 're as a group doing much greater damage to british society than say nigerian , chinese or indian immigrant groups . 
  we must discover why and purge our society of elements that encourage or allow for this behaviour . 
  ignoring the extremely disproportionate pakistani rape of children is cowardly . 
  yes , i 'm sure all those girls and boys in rotherham will be extremely pro-immigration because of all their experiences with pakistani 's . 
  how is it '' likely bad for the child 's development '' if they do n't have sex before marriage or friends of the opposite gender ? 
  [ stable marriage rate by pre-marital sex partners seems to say otherwise . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qpnshou2pzk/t3gylzesiii/aaaaaaaaayi/4usmzlgzm-a/s640/heritage.jpg ), 
  [ as it should 've been . 
  ] ( http://www.variatielinguistiek.ugent.be/image/6?w=472&amp;h=437 ), 
  plz take us , we hate holland too . 
  your language still being relevant is more of a testament to your war crimes than anything else . 
  who needs air when you can boast on twitter of your victory against the spanjolen ? 
  no it does n't , there have been two anti-refugee riots in the netherlands in the last two months and our nationalist party is the biggest in the polls . 
  stop getting your facts in / r/worldnews . 
  do we really need to ? 
  if they 've got a moroccan dialect , moroccan genetics and mannerisms . 
  chances are they 're moroccan . 
  [ haplogroups are a thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup ) granted , it wo n't tell the difference between an algerian and a moroccan . 
  but it will a moroccan or syrian . 
  i bet you the koreans are at it again . 
  yes , hundreds of policemen were groped . 
  for what it 's worth other countries are learning from what 's happening . 
  pvv has been way , way ahead in the polls for a couple months now , no doubt they 'll make significant gains this election . 
  you 're hilarious gunther . 
   i will make the assumption , that most refugees are really fleeing from war and are not trying to migrate for economical reasons . 
  if it was n't the second they would 've stopped in turkey . 
   was it organized with bad intentions in mind no , they had good intentions . 
  i remember back when i worked at a children 's hospital and we started with good intentions but ended groping and raping women . 
   i hope we wo n't overreact like social media with our policy making . 
  do n't overreact to an army of foreigners groping and raping german girls . 
   but on the other hand we have to concede some things to them not sure if you were joking about both those things or just the first but we should compromise nothing . 
  they 're our guests , they either accept our rules or we kick them out . 
  gernany has 1/3rd america 's rape rate and 1/4th the murder rate . 
  take your dirty harry fantasies back to the good ol' us of a , and i 'll enjoy reality in which i can safely assume my daughter is safer in germany than the us can ever hope to be . 
  either you keep us or you 'll see geert wilders get control of 1,2 million people to remove kebab with . 
  it does say something about regional identity , it does n't say anything about my desire to become a separate country . 
  the entire limburgish separatist movement consists of a dude named albaer who 's angry at all those cross-dressers holland sends down here during carnaval because he got a little too drunk and wanted to fuck one . 
  if you presented a survey about limburgish separatism you 'd probably find more support for the idea to join the flemish than to become our own country . 
  just curious , who would you then vote for ? 
  grow up, 
  as far as i know there was no such study , source ? 
  are there really people who think like this ? 
  when someone shouts '' allahu akbar '' waves an is flag and kills infidels he is n't really a radical , he 's just a very lonely person . 
  maybe you should start taking their word for it . 
  maybe think about who it really is that does n't want to discuss the real issue . 
  as soon as any of my siblings decide to kill 80 innocent people including 10 children i 'll be fine with people spitting on his/her grave and feeding his/her dead body to pigs . 
  hell , i 'll join them . 
  singing john lennon songs and holding hands has n't stopped the isis efforts , maybe it 's time for a different approach . 
  yes , it 's the uk 's fault . 
  stick your head in the sand and sing some john lennon songs it has worked out alright for you thus far . 
  he was not guilty of breaking the law , that 's why he was acquitted . 
  however he was charged , hence pc-police . 
  thanks man , i guess those law and order episodes did n't better my english as much as i thought they did . 
  what makes someone a native american ? 
  you 're a native when your ethnic group has inhabited that piece of land for as long as we can trace back . 
  found the definition of native , i 'd go for 1b 1 . a. 
  being such by birth or origin : a native scot . 
  being a member of the original inhabitants of a particular place . 
  c. of , belonging to , or characteristic of such inhabitants : native dress ; the native diet of polynesia . 
  d. being one 's own because of the place or circumstances of one 's birth : our native land . 
  he 's the greatest israel supporter in our cabinet , you 're revolting . 
   we want to establish a `' three step rocket '' . 
  stopping immigration from non-western countries , we wish to encourage voluntary migration back to their native countries , and deport criminals with two passports , taking their citizenship , which will apply for moroccans too can you read ? 
   there is a large disctinction here between saying that you want to take the passport of criminal immigrants , or state that you 're against radical islam , or that you want to get rid of all dutchmen of morrocan origin already living in the netherlands for multiple generations . 
  let me quote him  we want to establish a `' three step rocket '' . 
  stopping immigration from non-western countries , we wish to encourage voluntary migration back to their native countries , and deport criminals with two passports , taking their citizenship , which will apply for moroccans too . 
  i 've said this before , after and during the night of the infamous speech . 
  i 've never said i wish to deport all moroccans , or that all moroccans are criminals . 
  i 've only said i want less of them . 
  which i still stand by , as do millions of dutchmen . 
  the court now tries to get me , but is doing so selectively , if i 'd spoken of less syrians , i would n't have stood here . 
  or i would ' v stood next to our minister president rutte , together with all the leaders of europe .
