i feel like accomplishments of the soviet union are unfairly attributed exclusively to russia , even though russians were around half the population . 
  does this frustrate ukrainians ? 
  its actually worse than this , he gave intelligence given to us from another country . 
  right , in american english at least , cocky refers to a rooster and means vain in a negative way . 
  idk how well known this is in other countries . 
  definitely agree with this in perception abroad , a strong association, 
  its pretty unfair , one of the most consistently militarily powerful countries in europe gets beaten and occupied like once and you 're surrender monkeys forever . 
  its a pet peeve of mind that i correct among peers , since france today is again one of europe 's best militaries , even if we still think you all underspend , 
  how does ireland not have more people given the large family thing ? 
  did everyone just keep coming to the us and other places ? 
  we do not pay sales tax on food and medicine ( or some medicine at the very least ) or some other necessities where i am . 
  the first usable implementation of a transistor , tcp/ip , the c programming language , the most widely used search algorithm , unix , windows, 
  well we do n't have total public healthcare or mandatory paid sick time , mandatory holidays , or paid maternity leave we do have guaranteed retirement income from the government that sounds very similar to yours and public healthcare for the elderly and poor ( threshold is too low many places ) , if you ca n't work do to sickness you can get disability . 
  kindergarten is totally free here . 
  student aid is designed so that anyone can go to public university with subsidized loans and grants from the government but it is means tested and the cost varies widely between universities . 
  typically the sticker price is not what people are actually paying . 
  still not like european university costs though . 
  i see what you mean though , much more pressure on individuals here, 
  see this is just garbage, 
  i get your point but according to oxford english dictionary  a system whereby the state undertakes to protect the health and well-being of its citizens , especially those in financial or social need , by means of grants , pensions , and other benefits . 
  we definitely do that , not nearly as extensively as in europe , but healthcare for the poor and elderly , social security , and other subsidies for the poor and unemployed make up around half of our federal budget . 
  do you mean something else by welfare state ? 
  i guess you ca n't get cash welfare for more than 5 years ever unless you 're disabled or unemployed repeatedly with gaps where you are employed, 
  ok my bad on the solar panel , did not mean to do that . 
  yeah most technologies are going to involve advancements made from a variety of countries . 
  i was just throwing out a few off the top of my head in response to what seemed like an unfair belittling of american contributions . 
  i was not trying to imply europeans and others have not made tremendous and vital contributions to what some call `` american '' inventions and vice versa for a few `` european '' inventions . 
  bonus question , given the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , how come the ukraine and belarus are n't catholic ? 
  fyi [ we do n't really have a skill based system for the most part , at least not in the way canada or australia do , there is widespread support for transitioning towards one though . 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/03/news/economy/merit-based-immigration-trump/ ), 
  this is very interesting . . conservatives here would disagree strongly with this statement . 
  though i think you 're correct in that we 're not much of a welfare state . 
  i guess this is the biggest difference then , otherwise i think a lot of americans would be alright with your laws , if not very happy, 
  well median income is for households or persons , so its not affected by us having a larger population , [ pick a country in europe and with a few small exceptions we have higher disposable median income . 
  ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=idd ) if you can get a median figure for all of europe or the eu that 'd be lower too . 
  if you take the gdp of the eu , that 'll be a little smaller or larger depending on the dataset , but thats with a few hundred million more people . 
  per capita we 're higher than every major european country , and eu as a whole if you use non oecd data , remember oecd is disposable , [ overall us median income is $ 56,516 ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2016/09/13/news/economy/median-income-census/ ) so that is a typical american income by definition, 
  its just -1000 , you just have to get really good relations with them otherwise . 
  at some level of greatness the pope will just give up and marry, 
  [ we 're actually a fair bit richer . . ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ), 
  you left out the part where we defeated the japanese , made respectable contributions to the western front in europe , and cranked out tons of military hardware to supply the allies . 
  in terms of recent wars , iraq had a decent military before the first and [ second gulf wars ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2002/nov/16/iraq ) , analysts predicted long bloody wars against conventional military forces and both times they were quickly defeated with few casualties . 
  nobody is very good at maintaining long counter insurgency campaigns , but against conventional militaries the us seems pretty powerful . 
  by contrast , most european countries could not even logistically sustain forces abroad , even the uk and france ca n't sustain large forces oversees . 
   the us is the worst major power the world has ever seen the us is one of the only countries to experience a period of unchallenged dominance ( post cold war ) , what are you even talking about ? 
  lots of crucial advancements in technology have come out of the united states , like the internet , tons of advances in computers post wwii , the transistor , nuclear energy , solar panels , ect, 
  i think he means a sort of enlightened despotism/enlightened oligarchy , with liberal economic and social policies but not a democracy, 
  careful now , constitution does n't protect * you * from the cia, 
  although i guess you get some credit for rejecting the freedom party , you guys are alright . 
  is there no bitterness with like indonesia or other former colonies ? 
  or was that a calm and friendly goodbye ? 
  this `` war-der '' / `` wooder '' business seems to mostly be a northeastern phenomena to me , i 'd never heard anyone say it until i met someone from new jersey . 
  i do say `` wad-er '' with a hard r though . 
  you 're on my shit list now . 
  thank you , this was very informative , i did n't realize so many germans own guns . 
  i probably should have asked this in the main post , are you allowed to carry a gun around for self defense ? 
  all stores ? 
  is this a thing ? 
  do you know if this was a thing outside the british isles and france ? 
  they ca n't be used without authorization codes , and turkey has no aircraft capable of carrying them . 
  that would n't make it impossible for turkey to use them in the medium term , but its not a ready to use arsenal for turkey . 
  why do we want to destroy orthodoxy again ? 
  are there lots of weather disasters in orthodox countries ? 
  very similar to american sovereign citizens , hopefully your version does n't kill people in mass shootings or attempted knife attacks . . or heated arguments . . whatever the european version of commonplace shootings is . 
  i suppose like firefighters ? 
  but if basically everyone 's house caught on fire at some point, 
  canada largest english country except for population . 
  taiwan largest chinese country except for population . 
  do n't most people have some supplemental private insurance ? 
  what does that cost , and what is it covering that the national health insurance is n't ? 
  how much is the tax ? 
  what do n't you like about the gps ? 
  ok is it universal ? 
  single payer ? 
  how much does it cost ? 
  whats bad about it ? 
  the cost ? 
  the waiting time ? 
  is it unsustainable ? 
  i like hearing opinions of people from other countries on issues of cultural differences , governance , foreign policy of their own countries and others . 
  i 'm fascinated by perceptions different people 's have of each other and themselves . 
  i really wish there was an askreddit for opinions of people from a variety of countries that had a lot of usage . 
  like combining askeurope with askanamerican with asks for each country/continent , but specifically on topics like the ones we see come up in these subreddits . 
  one set grandparents feel connected to germany because they have a small amount german ancestry ( stereotypical i know ) and they think germany is great . 
  when they talk about wwii they generally refer to nazis and hitler as opposed to germans , and randomly bring up rommel as being a good guy despite being on the wrong side . 
  my other set of grandparents were a bit older , and adults in the war . 
  my grandfather guarded german pows apparently , among other things . 
  i 'd say they have a more negative view than me simply because they do n't seem to like or dislike germany , whereas i think germany seems pretty good in most respects . 
  they associate germany heavily with the war as an efficient people , i do n't think they think ill of germany today , just as a country that makes them think of a scary time in their lives . 
  : , ( no trade deal for you then . 
  nothing special here . 
  i see that now . 
  idk when his family went to cuba , i think it was relatively recent ( not  300 years ago ) because he has relatives who know catalan still iirc , but they came to the us in the 20th century . 
  i have a friend who 's family came from catalonia to cuba then the us . 
  i guess sometimes its hard to tell scandinavian sounding names from english sounding ones . 
  i suppose some english names probably have scandinavian origins . 
  certainly not as close as the media says . 
  i 'm mostly talking about their recent progress towards having a credible deliverable nuclear arsenal . 
  i feel like at some point the world is going to have to deal with nk . 
  idk how or when though,
