  really cool simulations , to imagine that something like this can possibly exist . 
  also i would sub for several years if ccp made the transition animation into the game , 
  do you even blue led bro ? 
  it 's 2015 . 
   the sole survivor , 20-year-old passenger larisa savitskaya, 
   larisa savitskaya and her husband vladimir were returning from their honeymoon . 
  unpopular opinion : yes . 
  not right at the start but at br 20-30ish i 'd recommend to at least try it to get a feel for it . 
  so that you 'll have your main cert income class/method equipped/setup and can shift focus to other fun things . 
  esfs are not really * that * speed or twitch dependant . 
  nowhere near infantry . 
  they need you to have the right moves and great precision . 
  it is a keybind that makes esf stop ( and thus enter hover ) with a single keystroke as opposed to holding the * throttle down * key . 
  it is not exactly * required * to fly , because it ** wo n't ** affect the actual deceleration rate . 
  but a lot of people find it convenient . 
  nice camo . 
  i was like `` why is my mossie flying there '' , lol . 
  comment-less wontfix bug tracker updates are the best . 
   just wait until the americans wake up . 
  huh , so i 'm not the only one to notice that . 
  i do n't like stereotypes , but ... 
  pls , we need more buttmad peasants in strictly air vs. air threads . 
  wtb lockon shotgun that pierces walls . 
   is n't the purpose of slotting aa missiles to destroy enemy planes at mid range ? 
  the purpose of a2ams is to drain all fun out of the game by looking in the general direction of your enemy who can not do anything to counter you . 
   no its like dying in a tank to another tank whose secondary weapon locks onto you , follows around corners never breaks lock and does a lot of damage . 
  so i see you were downvoted for truth . 
  it 's different in everything . 
  lockons do n't require skill , other weapon systems do , both on tanks and esfs . 
  you can not counter a2a lockons . 
  you can counter c4 by awareness . 
  ( no , awareness wont help you fight a2ams because the attack can come from any range and direction in 3d space without any warning . 
  and even if you do manage to run - enjoy sitting in your warpgate ) . 
  boohoo a service got hacked !, 
  literally never happened before !, 
  so you do n't have to aim the dalton or rocketpods ? 
  you can fly underground ? 
  go make your own `` a2g is stupid '' thread . 
  `` tracks '' ? 
  please tell me we 'll get more retarded notifications about `` cookie policy '' . 
  lol so that shit tried to launch a java app, 
  also cookies are used to store log in session data , site settings etc. 
  better nuke those too / s, 
  uneducated panic itt is hilarious / o \\, 
  i do have java because java is my job . 
  it does n't mean that i will/should approve that or any other applet to run . 
  that was n't hydrogen flame . 
  probably natural gas . 
  even without a smartphone , if you know general directions between areas , you can just go to bus/train station and be pretty certain that in 30-40 minutes max you 'll go where you need to go with all connections generally thought out for you by people making the timetables . 
  it 's funny because my swiss friend owns and uses a couple of russian [ `` commander 's '' watches ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vostok_watches ) and loves them . 
  while my russian friends often ask me to get them some swiss watches , the more expensive the better :d, 
  my point is that besides of general dangers of launching unknown java applets , there 's not much point of using one to get additional id info because if user launches any java applet that reads some id data and does whatever it wants it 's kinda stupid to care about privacy at that point . 
  can it detect that i even have java if it 's not allowed to run ? 
  i got angry just watching that . 
  i am not a putin 's minion . 
  can we like keep rl shit out ? 
  plex ! = inflation, 
  the end . 
  this is either a translation problem or a bunch of really stupid views to hold in 2015 , to say the least . 
  from colonies of the first half of the last century to `` no hate because they broke the law of islam '' . 
  getting struck by a meteor is not out of the realm of possibility either . 
  fuck you . 
  this is not a good joke subject . 
  piece of shit . 
  ~ meant to be op ~, 
  rock paper scissors are so fun . 
   heavy is meant to be the normal infantry combat class . 
  `` hey , let 's go and make all the interesting infantry classes suck against the most boring one ( does n't have any abilities , wins with a push of a button ) . 
  surely players will appreciate this ! '', 
   if i lose that means i failed in some way . 
  either to utilize the advantages of my class , failed at awareness , failed at aiming or failed at positioning . 
  while all those fails would be forgiven for a ha . 
  do n't we all , do n't we all , 
   it 's not op . 
   it 's just the king of the battlefield . 
   having good aim makes class irrelevant . 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  yeah , skill matters . 
  but skill aside * math always wins * . 
  and math is * always * on has side . 
  so ha * always * has an advantage . 
  i and many others say that that 's not balanced , that design of that advantage is bad and just unfair . 
   the ha is the combat class . 
  and what is la then ? 
  and do n't say flanking , it 's nothing without `` killing '' and surviving in the process . 
  which ha does better , again . 
  to be op . 
  got it . 
  so let them . 
  play something where success does n't consist of pushing a single button . 
  because heavy shield is abused by majority of players of every faction . 
  obviously this makes getting instant hp with a single keystroke balanced , fun , clever etc etc, 
  i personally am annoyed that i have to resize like 80 % of gifs before i can watch them . 
  they just do n't fit in the browser . 
  phoenix is garbage ? 
  are you high or something ? 
  it 's basically less op/not op mana turret . 
  not saying `` did n't want that sov anyway '' ( although i personally ca n't give a shit ) but losing renter systems 20 + jumps away from home that were granted to us anyway ( on some unknown conditions ) is pretty far from `` instability '' . 
  someone disband already !, 
  dude , chill ...
