  i got so used to this shit that not seeing where everyone is feels weird . 
   it 's especially noticeable as a pilot . 
  i used to be able to pinpoint the location of an enemy aircraft just by hearing it , but that is no longer possible, 
  so was n't imagining that . 
  sigh ... another important thing that quietly went broken . 
  asking to nerf broken thing on this sub is like rolling a dice . 
  beta 2 does the same . 
  i do n't get it , what are people salty about here ? 
  zergs , no leadership , both ? 
  the more i use sharex the more awesome it becomes . 
  customisable uploads , hotkeys , screenshotting on live desktop or cutting/editing a snapshot . 
  that 's just the stuff that i use . 
  so people will just leave them eventually , right ? 
  what 's the problem here , i do n't get it . 
  and they would n't leave if the outfit would suddenly shut down ? 
  context : this guy with a couple of others has been grenading teleport rooms on miller for several months . 
  he 's laughing at you , dbg , and for good reason . 
  as a side-note , can someone remind me why the fuck are non-las including maxs are allowed on the biolab roofs ? 
  [ another one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ui92h0m.jpg ) ( flying off the roof ) . 
  when you teleport into that particular room , you first appear outside it . 
  with long load times you can come out dead out of the tp . 
  quality game . 
  this too . 
  i have no idea why this is not high priority when they ( seemingly ) managed to fix the same exploit with the shields of the same room . 
  `` hey , we thought that biolabs were n't fucked up enough , so here 's a scat max camping a flanking path mostly accessed by las . '', 
  second one is definitely cheating . 
  biolabs la only ? 
  great conclusions !, 
  [ meanwhile in planetside 2 ] ( http://www.gfycat.com/classicaromaticjanenschia ) . 
  that 's why you control your game 's art style strictly . 
  any idea whether carriers will be able to fit remote reps/cap transfers after the change ? 
  do i have to move and sell them beforehand , because they 're kinda bulky ? 
  sure way to get permabanned . 
  `` significant areas in a region are semi-permanently covered with thick gaseous/aerosol shit . 
  now , let 's bitch about the repost . '', 
  it 's a pre-flight rendering . 
  there were actual recorded videos from the lander , the sky crane and the rover , or at least from one of those . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzx5grpnd4u, 
  some more time needs to pass before looking at stats , but yeah , that would be interesting . 
  bad has satisfyingly pop , good has are still ... good . 
  a lot less frustrating deaths to red-hp has . 
  uncheck `` use page theme color '' in appearance settings . 
   then it 's just like an african country , run by a warlord, 
  none of those conduct nuclear tests . 
  in fact , * nobody * does nuclear tests anymore except for nk . 
  but grrr phoebe amirite ? 
  i like camera bobbing . 
   these situations have never really been addressed , and have been one of the top reasons of players leaving . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  hat pilots, 
  the game uses slightly more than 4 cores on 4770k . 
  no u, 
  the end . 
  oh , fuck flak too . 
  this . 
  holy shit that moment got me exited . 
  i mean even more exited than the rest of the video . 
  every law in russia is a suggestion . 
  there 's even a saying : `` it is forbidden until you want it very hard '' or something like that . 
  or `` laws in russia are very strict , but optional to follow '' . 
  proper client anticheat when ? 
  can you refit burned out mods ? 
  because in that case you 'll need some bumping titans to finally dd the sucker lol, 
  okay , maybe you convinced me about general combat refitting . 
  but is n't activating triage or siege a commitment enough ? 
  tactical camera . 
  edit : also itt `` settings : what are they and how do they work ? 
  guide for 5y/o 's '', 
  that inverse proportion is pretty beautiful . 
  it did n't `` have to be '' but it was the most sane way to safely test . 
  read on sts-1 and how well that went . 
  well , the only reason i bothered to write that is because there were some rumours/news about 3rd party anticheat in h1z1 . 
  that was like 3 + months ago and given current h1z1 state i do n't have much hope , but still , they tried to do something there . 
  it 's a heavy shield for a tank . 
  push button - get hp . 
  pinnacle of game design . 
  i believe that `` reducing lethality across the board '' was a cover up to make blanket tank cannon nerfs . 
  why should i give a fuck about the guy who poured a shitton of isk to bury the diminishing returns under it ? 
  but salt here is amazing , yes . 
  people are bad at hiding their envy . 
  1st mbt is on 3m cooldown , 2nd is on 9m . 
   real combined arms games create a need for infantry . 
  implying infantry is n't the free , end all be all solution in this game . 
  boundaries are not shown on the minimap . 
  yes , especially on hossin . 
  i do n't understand why they need to be so far into the continents when there 's nothing but empty ocean beyond them . 
  `` redeploying and countering is too hard babyrage '', 
  every time someone mentions `` rus '' here i wonder which group is it this time . 
  can we write actual names , like oos , soviet union , solar , xix , red , whatever ? 
  is that so hard ? 
  it 's right there in the related . 
  remind me to disable adblock again , when this ad expires . 
  i do n't enjoy seeing word ` fecal ' typed in large font over drawings of bacteria over and over again . 
  especially at work . 
  ( read : fuck you , ad ), 
  kph depends on how many people use the weapon , kpu does n't . 
  haha , i thought the guy was a salty tanker or something . 
  but he 's a br66 with no av experience whatsoever . 
  butcher has spa ? 
  source on that ?
