  and let 's face it , they 've probably spent all the money they will on this game anyway . 
  you suggest fucking the most dedicated customers ? 
  smedley might have a job opportunity for you . 
  the game is supposed to be fun . 
  not to replicate latest airforce doctrines of the real world . 
  have fun playing your point and click adventure game against other halfbrains like yourself . 
  please , your main character name . 
   missile that can be 100 % nullified by flares, 
   luke15g, 
   kills as, 
   time used, 
   26h 43m, 
   vehicle kills as, 
  no further questions . 
  this is not an `` elitist '' remark . 
  it 's just that your stats combined with the first quote show that you have no idea of the stuff you 're talking about . 
  i 'm not talking about realism . 
  i 'm talking about removing cancer from the airgame . 
  autoaim users are the most godlike players in this game , you are correct . 
   she was actively resisting, 
  by sitting and ( possibly ) trying to comprehend the situation ? 
   so , you are supporting realism when it is in line with your views but refuting it when it is n't . 
  sorry , but it does n't work like that mate . 
  i 'm not supporting realism anywhere . 
  i 'm supporting removal of broken weapons . 
  oh how i wish to see autoaim weapons for infantry in this game . 
  only then you will understand what we 're talking about . 
  until then , keep telling yourself that autoaim in a competitive pvp game is a good thing . 
  it 's not my business as i 'm not american , but to me it seems that you guys are placing too much power/good faith in police . 
  the way you 're talking how people must obey anything right as they hear it - is at least inhumane . 
  so . . yeah , not trying to troll or anything , just wanted to state my point . 
  you keep repeating that , i know that . 
  i 'm not trying to say he did n't have a formal right . 
  but did he have to do that ? 
  you can not deal with them and adapt to them . 
  they have no counter . 
  and you essentially said that lockons are as fun as noseguns are . 
  to which i reply : i want to see an i2i ( infantry to infantry ) lockons . 
  i 'm sure they will be as fun as carbines and assault rifles . 
  oh . . now i see . 
  i actually was n't talking about op 's video , but rather the video at the top of this sub-thread :, 
  and the other 12 seconds are more than enough to get an easy kill . 
  if you will even get the chance to encounter the setup that you 're `` countering '' ( trying really ) . 
  if not , you 'll get dunked by an fs/nar esf . 
  [ kildigs ] ( https://www.planetside2.com/players/#!/5428251586582139681/vehicles ), 
  kills as 223, 
  time used 39h 52m, 
  vehicle kills as 168, 
  i often eat same stuff except 8 times cheaper and no alcohol . 
  you were asked specific questions and you reply with `` please just quit '' ? 
  lol what a retard . 
  what ? 
  what exactly is that supposed to mean ? 
  what did rguitar said that was toxic ? 
  oh , he dared to point out that op has no experience and really is just making false statements here which is kinda a bad thing . 
  and this is `` toxic '' ? 
  jesus , people are retarded . 
  now , that was `` toxic '' . 
  and you know why ? 
  ** because i 'm fucking tired of the same shit over 2 years . 
  ** i 'm tired of tomcats , tired of this pathetic dev team , tired of people with no experience sharing their `` opinions '' . 
  fuck this shit forever . 
  and you know what will not shut us up ? 
  people telling us to shut up with devs ignoring everything we say and not making a single positive change to the airgame . 
  right . 
  the new guy said it 's cool . 
  better increase all mouse accelerations twice . 
  it is * not * a hostile attitude . 
  we 're always helping new pilots when they ask for advice . 
  but i for one can not tolerate inexperienced people telling me what 's good and bad . 
  how does this relate to fucking up all controls in the game in favor of ps4 ? 
  ejection seat is mostly fixed but still occurs for some people . 
  skype 7 is such shit . 
  the name you 're looking for is smedley . 
  he did n't address the most important thing about him being casual : he still plays an rng card game for children . 
  i also do n't use pitch or other keybinds and did n't notice a * big * difference . 
  but it 's just that they introduced acceleration and analog emulation to all controls in the game in favor of ps4 . 
  that 's like a huge spit in the face . 
  also tank controls are more broken since they rely more on keybinds . 
  i 've * never * received a ragetell from an air player . 
  i 'm starting to suspect that they might be server related . 
  [ infantry on the other hand ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vuuyn9j.png ) i was n't even using ai nosegun or rocket pods there . 
  well i 'm also pretty bad and it seem this affects most `` no big difference '' reports , so yeah ... 
  inb4 [ primitive biological constructs ] ( http://e.dotlan.net/images/alliance/386292982_128.png ) have no place in eve universe, 
   every time there 's a bugged patch, 
  you mean every patch . 
  there were no non-bugged patches . 
   devs start to talk to us again, 
  you talk as if customers owe something to the people they pay . 
   and you talk as if they owe you more than the game you play . 
  well , the game i played , they consistently broke . 
  for how long now did we have these conversations ? 
  and they still ca n't get their shit together . 
  i do n't want a conversation and i do n't care anymore , i just want this shit to work . 
  until then , doing something else . 
  there was a webarchive link to k.com here recently though . 
  about a mad guy who lost a rorqual , pretty well preserved . 
  i even remembered reading that thread 5 years ago ... , 
  that would be $ 6b . 
  i 'd be afraid of mere existence of such thing .
