  do you call a list of nearby objects a spreadsheet ? 
  well then i 've had a pleasure of playing elite dangerous recently , where they could n't get rid of the list completely , so they hid it deep in badly controlled ui and stripped it of most useful info . 
  result : terrible ui experience . 
  sometimes a `` spreadsheet '' ( a list with values ) is the best ui . 
  bonus points for landing on your head and snapping your neck . 
  this was too cruel , man :(, 
  is it lag when developers are too slow to deal with anything ? 
  i used to buy plex in eve via buy orders without much trouble . 
  ca n't see why it would n't work for special items . 
  did n't play for 2 months . 
  is the grenade glitch actually fixed ? 
  because it worked fine when throwing them through the roof/walls . 
  also [ in switzerland ] ( https://blog.rail.cc/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/zurich-hb-central-station.jpg ) . 
  guess what else devs do n't read : threads labeled `` please read '' filled with insults . 
  at least make them larger , less scaled-down and more readable , or use high quality favicon . 
  not before construction system in 2018 !, 
  can you tag propaganda as such ? 
  what smells good are the oxidation products of plant oils etc. 
  ozone itself has sharp smell , according to wiki even chlorine-like . 
  yeah , it still crashes after a while but the way it 's written there are more memory usage optimizations in 2.2.2 . 
  if i expect a long session i play with - gc2 - swa for now . 
  looking at all the mentions of windows xp i 'd say just drop it . 
  is it really worth the trouble ? 
  how many % users are still on it ? 
  same principle goes for 32bit although you need to be more careful about dropping that . 
  but xp is dead , come on . 
  otherwise excellent explanation and some excellent news . 
  with the new async loader too !, 
  what exactly is your problem ? 
  if they 're asking you to try predictive they 're probably trying to verify that it 's not latency induced stutter ( see section in chris ' post on lockstep stutter ) . 
   mine was capable of running basically every game out on high settings when i bought it . 
  so when ? 
  predictive is the solution to playing on unstable connection at the cost of the client possibly having incorrect predictions about the game state . 
  continuing to move your character even though you 've been stunned . 
  lockstep does n't have that problem by always showing what happens on the server at the cost of having to always know what happens on the server which is problematic on unstable connections . 
  these are kind of the definitions of the two modes . 
  just watch for ping spikes . 
  if you have them regularly and if predictive helps it 's probably better to stick to that . 
  the assets required are determined at the moment the box is opened since the exile is picked at random . 
  the way i understand how async loading works is that the game will show a texttureless model or some other kind of placeholder until actual assets are usable . 
  where do you people get the idea that async loading means preloading assets ? 
  it means loading assets as they are required without stopping the simulation . 
  also , afaik items ( including boxes ? ), 
  are rolled when they 're created , not when the rolls are revealed . 
  the box exile however is chosen at the moment the box is opened which can cause loading stutter which is why we need async loading . 
  relevant username . 
  can you read ? 
   it also increases memory usage . 
  on 32 bit versions of windows , processes are allowed to have 3gb of data loaded . 
  on 64 bit versions of windows , path of exile can load 4gb of data at once . 
  if this is exceeded , the game crashes because it ca n't allocate more memory . 
  it can even crash before this is exceeded , because of memory fragmentation issues ( if there are n't holes large enough to fit the files in , due to a long game session ) . 
   basically there 's not enough memory to preload all the stuff, 
   it has to be pre loaded before it is getting opened with the new patch . 
  why do you come to that conclusion ? 
  also what new patch ? 
  but you 've got hornets , you must kill tanks just by looking at them . 
  it would n't be useful to bind very sensitive pitch and very slow yaw controls to y and x axis of the same input device . 
  please make a setting that makes tabs inconvertible into thumbnails . 
  i middle click that resize spot between tabs and address bar like 10 times a day , forcing me to stop what i 'm doing and resize the thumbnails back into simple tabs . 
  very distracting and annoying . 
  fyi ppa+a 2ams is widely known as ` cancer ' loadout . 
   there is no such thing as a right or wrong opinion, 
  `` hitler did nothing wrong . '', 
  not my opinion but definitely a wrong one . 
  but i actually agree with the rest of your post . 
  just not this one detail . 
  grr pilots hat pilots, 
  how do brokenness of a2ams and a wish for `` 1v1 type game '' relate ? 
  for a new player you seem to like the word `` skyknight '' and `` elitist '' very much . 
  congratulations , you 're on the right path to mastering the ways of ppa+a 2am , flak and using maxs in 1-12 and other point and click adventures . 
  now , fuck off , shitter . 
  i do n't really have to deal with anything since i have no wish to log in in the near future . 
  who has to to deal with this shit are those same infantry players that hate nosegun players ( * ~ skyknights ~ * ) for some reason . 
   they were very obscene . 
  holy fucking shit that first kill , it semi-maintains lock at like half a screen deviation . 
  that 's literally the most retarded shit i 've seen in this game . 
  thanks , dbg !, 
  thought of another one : good , windows-feel , autoscrolling with middle-click on linux . 
  reaver can still keep up with same setup . 
  i thought this was a once-in-a-year lucky prowler video . 
  silly me lol . 
   only the noobs pull aircraft from anywhere else, 
  suuuure . 
   this page has been removed !, 
   this page is no longer available . 
  it has either expired , been removed by its creator , or removed by one of the pastebin staff . 
  u w0t m8, 
  can you get unfairly harassed in a game about unfair harassment ? 
  i do n't really like this . 
  i often do n't have the will to log in to do anything in eve after a day of work . 
  and now i have to do that on all my characters or i lose 300k sp per character per month ? 
  this is pretty stupid and is certainly not eve . 
  keep this for characters less than 2 months old or whatever but do n't force everyone to do dailies . 
  they kill the will to play . 
  why ? 
  is that a serious question ? 
  because selling lowest tier maps is not an intended way of getting high tier maps ? 
  \\  sees amarr background, 
  \\  tfw,
