  they had some mad charisma or something . 
  losing the o2o constellation except for the system itself , and then getting it all back and moving into vale was one of the most epic eve moments for me , all under psixozz and nync . 
  those blue flash explosions ... whoever thought they needed to be removed/redone ? 
  haha , i 've just noticed that . 
  that 's probably what becoming a wreck looked like . 
  so damn op i ca n't even !, 
  well , i did n't like the old strength progress bars either . 
  the new one looks a bit better but could use less contrast . 
   alerts are so frequent & short that continents are getting locked really quickly, 
  it takes a lot of alerts to lock a continent . 
  locks became less frequent in my experience . 
  # \\ #recycled, 
  when this game wants you dead it * will * have you dead . 
  the author replied to me in another thread that there will probably be a digital copy on sale once the book is released . 
  my educated * guess is that then-soe lazed out and quickly recycled the resto-kit code into medkits and now we 're stuck with them . 
  \\* based on experience with this game and soe/dbg . 
  why the fuck would they fix something they got money for ? 
   jumping into 2k local, 
   with no strategic goals and nothing competitive at all, 
  by having a good game that draws support naturally , not by recycling old `` content '' ? 
  [ example ] ( https://www.pathofexile.com/purchase ) . 
  according to a recent announcement it 's their biggest funding source , and i 'd guess that 's not because of pack value , they do n't even have anything that affects gameplay , mainly effects and skins . 
  but because the game is great so people show support by buying supporter packs . 
  people use maelstroms ? 
  an exhaustive and very well put list . 
  fuck those small turds \u2122 . 
   it 's so fucking obvious where the sensor is, 
  have you ever searched for a spotter in a multi-storey building ? 
  so , every day . 
  i am interested in both . 
  my point is it can take you minutes to find that small piece of shit even in standard 2 storey + roof point building , let alone in a tower or large facility . 
  more generally , spotters do n't allow for any interactive gameplay . 
  they just say `` fuck you '' to your flanking attempts . 
  which is , you know , a big deal for flanking based classes like la. 
  just cut 'em some slack guys , this is totally not a big deal . 
  and it 's not the first time people have a strong feeling that they have shit for source control . 
  unfinished stuff or long ago fixed bugs somehow regularly surface in production builds . 
  and i even put '' / s '' there ( that 's for `` sarcasm '' ) . 
  that kind of justification attempts are popular in other threads like this . 
  so basically they illegally charged you $ 40 ? 
  that 's weird , because i have a weaker setup and usually manage to get at least ~ 20 fps in locals larger than this and brackets on . 
  my cpu is overclocked though and it 's usually the bottleneck . 
  ah yes , even a simple docking-undocking may help . 
  it feels like they 're leaking memory somewhere . 
  i personally do n't rewatch it because that movie tears me apart on the inside . 
  but it 's a very nice circlejerk you got here . 
  my body is not ready . 
  bring it on !, 
  am i the only one bothered by the lack of name ? 
  `` december release '' sounds ... lacking . 
  there 's also a hotkey you can set up that works in station . 
  for the glory of satan , of course !, 
  yeah , they seem to have listened to my post about half the map going invisible in these modes and made it into another extreme . 
  the problems are wrong scaling ( again ) and the complicated circles . 
  orange blobs from the old map work just fine and clutter less . 
   the new map is unreliable and buggy and cumbersome . 
   the old map is reliable and mostly not buggy and straight-forward . 
  wow , the literal `` grr change '' , in its pure form . 
  you did n't even bother to name conditions . 
  edit : i know guys , the new map has problems , big news . 
  however , when you put it like that, 
   a bunch of us will never stop using the old map unless you literally delete it . 
  and say nothing else constructive then there 's no point in discussing it . 
  literal `` grr change '' . 
  grr opinions . 
  i used the old map since 2009 , i like the new map , it 's very close to complete replacement . 
   i want to be able to have it it flat , with no rotating crap . 
  drag it with rmb . 
  to the guys who want dotlan maps to replace the ingame map . 
  do you really think that a newbro wo n't go `` what the fuck is this shit '' when presented with a galaxy-wide version of dotlan in game ? 
  it 's a game , it supposed to look somewhat pretty . 
  the map is supposed to look like a map . 
  helps with retention , you know . 
   eli5 : why would i use the in-game map ? 
  serious question . 
  there 's this thing , it 's called `` average pilots in space in last 30 minutes '' . 
  also quick access for glance navigation . 
   solar system map has meaningless glitter . 
  background stars and bright system star are completely useless and distracting . 
  bright star with some kind of lense effect is especially annoying . 
  old map vs new map , star completely covers two first planets in new map . 
  but then you wonder why the game has a reputation of `` excel in space '' . 
  not that i agree with that , but no need to make it worse . 
  the old map is clunky and unintuitive . 
  i 'd guess it 's full of legacy code too . 
  it needs to be replaced . 
  also , cap ranges on the map ? 
  someone actually uses that shit that only works in 3d map ? 
  fucking use dotlan . 
  the game needs a map though . 
  if you need a diagram feel free to open dotlan . 
  lol mad, 
  at least you do n't have to be fully stopped to turn it on . 
  i would use that shit out of that with vulcan . 
  but seriously , how broken can this shit get ? 
  edit : oh hi , downvoters , how 's stockholm syndrome this time of year ? 
  here are two main inconveniences for me :, 
  missing functionality, 
  * you seem to have placed a floor on how small a blob on a heatmap can get . 
  but heatmaps still * need * to have log scaling .
