  are n't those like ... the same thing ? 
  yeah , basically op on bnet is saying ` reduce entropy and make every third rare a great item ' . 
  then suddenly only godly rolled legendaries sell in ah , because everybody have everything ( even with current system we 're already closing to that state ; oh god please add a ladder someday ) . 
  at this point the game is completely doable fully selffound even in hc . 
  why do we need to flood the game with good items at even faster rate ? 
  and if you want to do high mp - then i do n't see what 's wrong with having to farm items and trade on ah . 
  could you then state the point , at which ` odds ' will be in your favor ? 
  because otherwise this will likely escalate to guaranteed 100 + stats on every item , guaranteed cc on gloves , guaranteed 3sockets on chests and bullshit like this . 
  i can agree that current system is not perfect , but it 's not as ~ against you ~ as it was before , and i personally choose random over gold falling from the skies . 
  because then this gold becomes useless pretty quick . 
  on the `` doable '' side : yes it is . 
  : moldran recently completed a1 hc on a dh and didnt even farm much , kripp farmed a lot ( right before poe thing ) and ended up with facerolling a3 inferno . 
  i 'm in a2 hell and doing okay ( btag in the flair ) and i played that char for only 33h . 
  just examples , all selffound . 
  start fresh then and dont use the ah . 
  you 'll have at least one upgrade every day of playing . 
   and in order for me to keep an item to sell in the ah so i can buy the really good gear i ca n't find . 
  i `` need '' 4 to 5 prefixes on most rares . 
  you think someone will buy your stuff if same items start dropping in every game ? 
  as it was pointed out , it 's the problem of perception . 
  when gear that 's now considered above average starts dropping several times in every game - it will become mediocre and even crap , and items with crazy good rolls ( all max , within 5 % max ) will become new godly items and continue to sell for billions . 
  some even believe blizzard are fascist ~, 
  you dont need to farm for ` weeks and weeks ' . 
  if you didnt notice , the game has been heavily nerfed . 
  you have to be extremely unlucky to not find gear required to beat the game in , say , a couple weeks of actively playing it . 
   the idea of playing for a night and getting a few upgrades ( on a fresh character ) each time is very appealing . 
  if you dont use the ( oversaturated ) ah that 's exactly what happens . 
   right now my barb ( 30 mil gold char ) never gets an upgrade even though items like my rings , amulet and gloves are terrible ( less than 500k a piece ), 
  30mil is quite a bunch of good gear these days . 
  no wonder your rate of upgrade finding is slow . 
  i cant see your rings etc , but if you say that they cost less than x gold that means that there are too many such items on the market , it doesnt define quality . 
  also those pieces you named are pretty hard to get a * really * good roll on . 
  not too hard to get as acceptable one though . 
  and what 's after that ? 
  throw them in trash and complain how you ( again ) cant find an upgrade ? 
  the only reason besides ` blizzard ' is it * may * not work performance-wise . 
  source : i know how databases work . 
  edit : i made a mistake , dont know why i thought about getting gear from the database . 
  but i still believe that calculating final character stats and gear differences is resource heavy to do out of game on server side , and i also dont see them moving these calculations to the client ( because one of the reasons for serve side game mechanics is drm ) . 
  these are my opinions based on my technical knowledge of the game and running servers myself . 
  this is my last reply on the topic due to how ` civilized ' this discussion turned out to be . 
  i have no wish to continue it here . 
   your stats are already loaded, 
  what makes you think that ? 
  the gear is loaded , but the full character stats are most probably not loaded and/or calculated , and it 's most probably * strictly server side process . 
  they are necessary to calculate differences ( especially protection ) . 
  * - not knowing their architecture have to take an educated guess ( tm ) , 
   people on this forum need to just stop commenting on anything technical . 
  should really look at yourself . 
  it has little to do with ui code , as i explain in the comment below . 
  i doubt they will transfer game mechanics calculations into the client . 
  now take it a step further and try to calculate new values based on an ah item without loading full character stats . 
  and as i said : probably strictly server-side . 
  it 's ( to my understanding ) tied with pulling your character data and recalculating all stats while working with a different set of data which is ah . 
  because they do game logic on server . 
   nothing is sent to you from the server , it 's all done by the client . 
  may i ask for reasoning behind this ? 
  as i understand they calculate everything related to game mechanics on the server , the client only shows you the picture . 
  especially if you note that for instance dps differences are affected by skills activated . 
  lol @ arcane orb . 
  unstable anomaly change is kinda interesting for hc though . 
  this is good but nothing beats [ physics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pdwjk.png ) . 
  god yes !, 
  as cm wizard fire chains were one of the worst affixes . 
  sometimes stunlock from them lasted several seconds . 
  also ranged attack of heralds of pestilence ( a3 tentacle dudes ) could really slow your movement when stacked 3-4 + times , and kill you with that . 
  and make that an op bis rune ? 
  no thanks . 
  right now you have a good choice between cooldown , tp and damage runes depending on your playstyle . 
  they actually said they wanted the spirit of d2 pvp . 
  that 's why they went to release 1v1/ffa after they scrapped tdm . 
  read jay wilson 's blog , it 's in there . 
  it 's in the pvp blog , just read it carefully . 
  they wanted to develop a new experience and worked on tdm . 
  that didnt work , so to release at least something they decided to go with classic pvp/ffa similar to d2 . 
  this sucks , i know but it 's still a valid reasoning . 
  + their general pace of development was/is slow , so yeah :(, 
  because everyone pvp 'd for rewards in d2 . 
  yeah . 
  `` be presented with an argument - call it dc '', 
  - standard discussion tactic of an average eve player, 
  these look like small/medium sized fixes , not revamp people are talking about . 
  as someone who uses poses only as a temporary safeplace and jbs - i too dont understand what 's all drama is about . 
  ` customers complaining ' as in ` fuck that fat faggot ' ? 
  yeah , right . 
  they 're not full , but they 're 7 years . 
  they 're not full , but they 're 7 years . 
  man you reminded me of how we did a3 1.03 with 3 damage dealers and a 3k dps monk with cyclone strike that almost never died ... good times , 
  edit : i also remembered that we killed diablo two days before 1.04 , that felt good , the challenge . 
  holy shit !, 
  downloading now , i want to see this for myself , first run without stuttering ? 
  omg !, 
  i 'm torn between proper map randomization and a ladder/game reset . 
  i guess reset is more important . 
  well it fells a bit better , cant say for certain yet though . 
  i also had to install it on my slower storage disk . 
  got ta do more tests . 
  no it does n't mean that . 
  it means being a spokesperson to explain their views on games/game design to the public . 
  edit : english is not my native language .
