  dhs are fine and fun , but for some reason everyone now thinks that you should be able to do mp10 with your one hand while eating with the other . 
  there 's even an opinion that * several op classes * may have contributed to that notion . 
  edit : i mean yeah there 's discrepancy between a monk and a dh and they should probably get a * small * buff , but no one should be as powerful as barbs and wizards are on mp10 now . 
  also , i personally came to an unfortunate conclusion that due to the speed and really dynamic nature of the game ( and specifically monsters ) ranged classes/builds will always be at a disadvantage to melee . 
  we already see a full melee grenades/traps build emerge for dh . 
  on any difficulty where you cant kill most mobs in couple of kites ( say vaults ) ranged is at a disadvantage . 
  no matter how good the itemization is the ah or other simplified trading mechanisms will bypass the randomness of it showing you which items are the best ( even for various builds and mechanics , yes ) and provide a shortcut to get there provided sufficient supply ( which obviously is there ) . 
  dont get me wrong , i like simplified trading but there 's no easy way around it . 
  either you get decked out on ah or get an interesting and fun gearing process . 
  game design is being done at meetings . 
  that 's how it works . 
  you meet , you set goals , you discuss solutions and come up with a design . 
  after that you can implement it , test and do another round of meetings for iteration . 
  repeat . 
   added the `` strength in numbers '' buff ... why did it have to take a whole year for these buffs to happen ? 
  you certainly dont think they worked on it for a year , do you ? 
  my best guess is that there 're only so much people on the current d3 support team . 
  i was frustrated by that but then i realized that after all it 's not an mmo but a ` ship once , provide some support after ' game , so people were probably moved to expansion or something . 
  i could be talking out of my ass of course but it seems unlikely that they have a whole bunch of people that are just sitting around doing nothing . 
  because meetings to discuss game design ( i imagine the kind of meetings game designers have ) certainly wont inhibit the game design process . 
  see my other comment in this sub-tree . 
  yeah , maybe so , we dont know the details of course , they could be over-discussing things , that happens , they could just have too much to discuss for their team size which we dont know . 
  i can say from my ( quite small ) experience that ` make at least one small concrete change a day ' is a good development practice in itself , something that helps moving things forward . 
  i personally save myself trouble by not listing anything below 500k . 
  well ... rip but i dont think high mp fields of misery is a good decision for hc . 
  you need to lag for just 2-3 + seconds to lose a lot of hp to green shit . 
  chargers are fun too . 
  you also could 've had more ehp for that . 
  the apocrypha login music is still in my head till this day even though i dont play anymore . 
  i 'd be sad if they got rid of login screen :(, 
  as someone born in ussr and living in russia i was facepalming so hard at hammer-and-sickle signs . 
  just shows how little brains those vandals have . 
  yes , it 's enough to gather 5 + packs in fom to have your ping go 1k + . 
  then the game just stops , nothing works , your friends say that you 're dead and after 15-30s you actually see the death screen . 
  this is a separate issue from fps drops . 
  it seems that their network engine dies really hard at some amount of entities/effects around you . 
  those are not the bodies you are looking for . 
  dont be so shy , just call him a retarded dumbfuck , because that 's what this sub is all about . 
  fair and jay wilson ? 
  you must be new around here . 
  til hound is * long * . 
  reminds of when i traveled from perrigen falls to omist several times a week . 
  calibration 5 is the sweetest thing in the world . 
  once i was flying a frigate from jita back to my 0.0 home system . 
  hit warp , alt-tabbed to second window , and forgot about the frigate one for a minute . 
  alt-tabbed back to see gate rats destroy my 50mil worth of skillbooks . 
  i didnt play eve that day after that . 
  i used an abaddon ( full dmg , capstable , minimal tank ) with a sentry - domi/thanatos support . 
  close range fit , as i was doing patrols . 
  for soloing patrols i used a close geddon/abaddon which might be terribad fit . 
  for 10/10s i used a slightly different abaddon with more tank and a support domi with 4th remote rep. dont know if that 'll work now with changed npc ai . 
  also , if you do those - * never * aggro the whole second pocket at once , too much ships have died in it . 
  edit : people not as poor used marauders , nightmares , machariels , carriers , and , for 10/10 , tengus . 
  late edit : just came to my mind , keep in mind upcoming bs rebalance . 
  classes not feeling unique and necessity to play other classes to get skills you need are the biggest problems i have with design of this game . 
  i never have feeling of playing * a class * , i feel like i 'm playing an arbitrary skillset instead . 
  i also played act1 normal like 10 times during my first two weeks to get friends up to speed and get auras , lmp , and some other stuff . 
  i dont want to go there anymore . 
  yep . 
  playing casually and paying with isk is almost mutually exclusive . 
  i had to pay with isk and the only * relatively * easy time i had doing that was when i blitzed missions in venal in a tengu . 
  still logged in 2 + hrs almost every day . 
  only vendors and crafts can generate 3a items ( blue ) . 
  did you notice that when you warp to celestials you actually warp to the point in an orbit around it ? 
  you do , several hundred thousands km off in case of the sun . 
  ( or 1m + km i dont remember exactly ), 
  this is sun actually at 0 : http://i.imgur.com/lgl5zec.png, 
  that sneaky bastard ^ tm, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqbac1tbaxy for those wondering, 
  judging by the hots release , where they released many ui and other features in a patch and then released the expansion with new units , campaign , etc i expect this too . 
  while you 're at it , can you make a screenshot of new login screen ? 
  i 'm unsubbed and dont have the client . 
  haha this is so funny i 'm almost pissing myself !!, 
  what . 
  the . 
  i mean there 's some pretty expensive shit in there . 
  why are people ! still !, 
  doing this ? 
  i was just pissed off , but now thinking of ` ccp kil2 ' i 'm really mad at them . 
  in general , the game needs to diversify it 's stats and mechanics . 
  like make elementals non-crap , split phys/elemental in different mechanics both for mitigation and damage . 
  nerf main stat as a damage multiplier so you arent bound to it on every piece of gear , add other non-crit based damage sources . 
  i hope guys at blizzard understand this . 
  more different competitive ways for damage & mitigation . 
  aka game mechanics . 
  since you mentioned doing qa on battle.net :, 
  why is blizzard so opposed to having * named * custom games in bnet 2.0 ? 
  while random generic public games somewhat work for sc2 since there 's a map choice , they 're terrible for d3 . 
  even the recent addition of predefined ` tags ' for public games in d3 wo n't cover the variants and make up for freedom of describing a game yourself . 
   craft, 
  my personal hotkeys are :, 
  alt-e - engage, 
  alt-r - return, 
  alt-s - scoop, 
  intuitive , easy to remember and all close to each other . 
  downvotes for sharing your experience in true / r/diablo fashion !, 
  eve includes drama , news at 11 . 
  also dont speak for everyone please . 
  you are not alone , me and many others thought of using maphack when reopening a3 forest on a new character . 
  also sewers .
