  was it actually ? 
  fite us soon bb, 
  keep reposting the same video badly staged in artificial pts environment . 
  la buffs have been on the pts for about a month . 
  nice video of you killing bads . 
  what does la buff has to do with it though ? 
   except those who expect miracles when 4500 people fight on one node, 
  as a 7yo ( ingame :p ) vet , having my reps reliably cycle in only 1-2 minutes in 4.5 k local was pretty miraculous . 
  i think much of the simulation is not parallelizable in principle . 
   also , if you 're planning on spending any time in undeveloped alpine areas , i strongly suggest that you join rega -- they 'll rescue you for free if you 're a member ; if not , we 're talking five figures not usually covered by health insurance . 
  being an inexperienced plain-dwelling russian , this never occurred to me  i love hiking in the alps when i visit though . 
  as such , i stick to easier hikes that i can handle and the toughest i 've done were from ebenalp to sch\u00e4fler and back , and from braunwald to kleiner gumen . 
  for these kind of hikes , should i consider a backup plan as you 're suggesting ? 
  i always hike with a friend , and sometimes also with my local friend , quite experienced , if this matters . 
  implying they did n't . 
  you can not shoot hornets with no line of sight ( as you can do with phoenixes ) . 
  next up on / r/planetside , `` why was i killed by that ap shell to the face ? '', 
  in terms of software , servers run `` nodes '' ( a general term for server process/service , i think ) , of which there are :, 
  * proxy nodes : a couple of nodes that are kind of an interface for clients to talk to the cluster, 
  * sol nodes : majority of the nodes , they run solar system simulations, 
  * utility nodes : for auxiliary services , e.g. 
  market , also , i guess now brain in a box has its own nodes, 
  this was outlined in a devblog a while ago but i do n't have the link . 
  tq tech iii is shit - you heard it here first folks . 
  so where 's your computer vision and tracking system , genius ? 
  people complaining about buzzwords , they are not actually buzzwords , they are tech terms . 
  if you do n't understand what they mean , i suggest using / r/eli5 . 
  on another note , this is mind blowing if it actually reliably works in real world scenarios . 
  the future is really here . 
  til mssql does n't have a ` text ` data type . 
  as a postgresql and ex-mysql guy , that is terrifying . 
  could they not use some sort of utf8/ansi xml ` blob ` to fix the problem ? 
  it 's ugly but it would work ... 
   important !, 
  ntext , text , and image data types will be removed in a future version of sql server . 
  avoid using these data types in new development work , and plan to modify applications that currently use them . 
  use nvarchar ( max ) , varchar ( max ) , and varbinary ( max ) instead . 
  [ welp !, 
  brb stocking up on dry ice for my pc, 
  can confirm 3.0 beta captures fixed window games for me , i did n't even have to enable desktop capture . 
  my main monitor is also plugged in into 2nd video card port . 
  surely lethality will be tuned down across the board ... surely , eventually . 
   how would you fight a scythe squad all with hornets ? 
  how is this even a question ? 
  you want to win against a squad of scythes equipped with direct counters ? 
  that 's delusional . 
  nodes run using 64 bit python . 
  source : fanfest 2008 presentation . 
  databases do n't run in python . 
   why are the devs so reluctant to talk about any substantial development that would rejuviate the playerbase ? 
  substantial being performance optimization , new player experience , construction meta refinement , better accommodating base design to big fights , and leadership tools . 
  because there 's no manpower in the project to tackle these major developments . 
  all that is left for them is to make small fixes and tweaks while trying to not break the game completely . 
  wts reading comprehension . 
  what was your fps with those settings and what is your pc spec ? 
  i somehow fail to reach 2-digit fps without turning off all effects , even though i was able to before . 
  call it speculation , but just recently ( more or less ) we lost the only ui guy and the only level designer . 
  currently all devs we know about are : burness and wrel the designers , one or two graphic designers and a couple of programmers ( who probably work on all games across the engine ) . 
  of course not all devs are public people but i think it 's safe to guesstimate the amount of devs working directly on the project as less than 10 . 
  ah well , no pretty command bursts and lazors for me then :(, 
  drag mods around and spam deactivate via clicking module icon on the target ? 
  that 's nothing new . 
   false advetising, 
  such edgy , much wow, 
  writing `` single threaded '' in caps & bold does n't make it easier ( or at all possible ) to parallelize a process such as eve battle , where each computation may depend on the result of a previous one . 
  what does this have to do with a simple computational process such as battle simulation ( where the actual bottleneck is ) ? 
   they need to be passing computation off to workers, 
  thing is , how do you split that work , when each computation may depend on the outcome of a previous one ? 
  which is a fair statement for the eve battle simulation , i reckon . 
   edit : they could solve client-side issues pretty easily by introducing a `` strategic overview '' screen that did n't attempt to render any ships/particles and just gave locations and actions , though . 
  just open the old map , that used to stop the space scene rendering . 
  here 's a suggestion :, 
  - close game, 
  - open literally any other shooter, 
   and again , it does n't need to be perfect . 
  if a missile hits but does n't deal damage because the firing ship and target ship were being handled by different workers and they had n't been synced , so what ? 
  this sounds like `` entire game systems stop working , so what ? '', 
  how do you define , how much inconsistency is okay and how do you keep it in those boundaries ? 
  the `` relation subgraphs '' idea is something that i too thought about but it seems too crazy complex to do in runtime , and statically you ca n't really say when subgraphs become isolated . 
  what a typical wannabe-mlg shitter . 
  `` non-infantry dared to shoot at me , delete it ! '', 
   people who drive tanks should not have access to heavy infantry or air and vice versa . 
  what ? 
  you mean people should create vehicle only characters or something ? 
  and it is still pretty easy using la + jump pads/valk . 
  go into hossin biolab like every other wannabe-mlg does . 
   with a massive following and credentials as an ex pro csgo player, 
  is he a god now or something ? 
  because i do n't see how being an ex csgo pro relates to enjoying this game . 
  it 's more like opposite of that . 
   commenting on the absurdity of combined arms, 
  `` i got killed by a vehicle while running in the open with no cover to protect me . 
  absurd ! '', 
  then you get a different ice cream and not whine about this one . 
   cancer in this game, 
   q.what is planetside 2 ? 
   planetside 2 is a revolutionary massive scale first-person shooter where soldiers battle as one in strategic , targeted missions against enemy empires in an all-out planetary war . 
  the game challenges the skill and grit of the most seasoned soldier ** through intense infantry , air , and ground vehicle gameplay ** . 
  issue status : closed, 
  reason : as designed,
