  because they abuse it and do n't want it fixed . 
  \\ #highsecproblems, 
  kinda makes sense considering modern chips literally turn off parts of themselves when idling . 
   this can be disabled but most people never touch their lists and assume that their ad blocker will block ads . 
  sucks to be those users . 
  i prefer my settings known to me and set up the way i need them . 
  is the whole drama just because lazy people ca n't untick a box in their settings ? 
  edit : hah , you deleted that reply , well , i did n't write all that in vain :p, 
   i love that i show you objective facts and you still act like a some adblock plus fanboy for no reason whatsoever . 
  i could n't care less what you use . 
  i answered your question with factual information . 
  you sound like an abp shill , what a hilarious thing to be a fanboy of . 
  of course , now i 'm a shill ( lol ! ), 
  and a fanboy . 
  i just hate circlejerks that have no reason . 
  it 's funny how you call me a shill and a fanboy when you took the effort to read and reply to more than 2 week old comment . 
  as to your reply , where is the example of companies paying abp to unblock their ads ? 
  the page you linked only describes what kind of ads may be unblocked , not specific terms of agreement . 
  anyway , as an it-literate user i ca n't really say that abp does n't block ads for me , when it does so , just after one box unticked and one additional list added for russian ads . 
  \\  you could actually kill howering lolpodders, 
  \\  the effectiveness of max bursters at extreme ranges has been reduced, 
  \\  extreme ranges, 
  ok , so you 're bad, 
  fyi accountstatus api reports actual time you 've been logged in . 
  i might 've woken up my neighbours after this one , damn !, 
  esf is not a requirement though . 
  jump pads + drifters can get you very far . 
  and it eats memory and cpu like it 's nothing . 
  i hate this `` everything is a webapp built using buzzword js lib x '' trend and i hope it dies sooner . 
  js is such a shit language in itself too . 
  5mn mwd on a cruiser and no propmod on a bc ? 
  edgy, 
  i do n't think it 's too bad , i just hate the fog and that vehicles need to spend 30 minutes to set up a flank that may or may not pay off . 
  realistically , new player would n't be able to kill a tank or protected sundy all by himself too , since all that he has is a slow-reload dumbfire laucher . 
  so i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  * cries internally *, 
  click the link , it 's not in slow motion . 
  reddit makes it that way . 
  or heavy . 
  well i guess they think it is worth it if they have supported it for something like 10 years now . 
  the localization is there , it 's being worked on more or less constantly , just in a retarded kind of way because dev responsible has his own `` vision '' and some kind of an ego problem . 
  [ this first one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1zjrj3m.png ) should leave you enough time at the airport , no ? 
  that 's not too useful . 
  unless you mean waiting to land after ejection , you ca n't aim lockon lauchers while in the air . 
  you 'll have to waste an equipment slot for the ejection seat , wait considerable time to land and then lock , either making you vulnerable or giving the target time to get away . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm arguing that ha is weaker here , but aa tools on la have much stronger effect on a2a game . 
  why the fuck was it removed in the first place ? 
  :\\ one of the coolest animations in eve . 
  upgrade to sunderer . 
  when was the last time you were killed by lightning 's he ? 
  edit : 2 times in the last 2000 kills/deaths , wow so much lightning spam whatever are we going to do with it !, 
  that looked like an exciting and interesting story until you went full pile of salt there at the end . 
  my argument is that lightning is really useless right now , especially for its cost . 
  `` lightning spam '' argument is stupid because there is no `` lightning spam . '', 
  transport vehicles should not have initiative when fighting tanks , period . 
  because they 're using a wrong tool . 
  would you say that 3 ambushed snipers should win against an assault class ? 
  maybe you need better drivers if you ca n't dodge hornet scythes and daltons in a harasser . 
  this is one thing i 'm most likely to spend aurum for , tbh . 
  i always play with brackets on and do n't dip below 20fps , with exception of fights like m-o , but even there it was manageable at ~ 15 . 
  i do have a bracket profile with drones and other non-essentials hidden . 
  your overview profile matters too , in my experience , since ( i guess ) they are the same brackets in a list form . 
  when working with broadcast targets i try to open something that has minimal objects , like a warpout profile . 
  4770k @ 4.4 ghz . 
   i check gpu/cpu/ram use and nope no reason at all for it to be a problem on my end system wise none of that is even past 50 % use, 
  that 's because usage is shown across all cores . 
  for an 4core-8thread ( ht ) cpu 1 core at 100 % translates to 12.5 % cpu load . 
  eve does n't heavily use multiple threads for rendering which is something that may or may not be very hard to improve . 
  ram is a non-issue for eve at all unless you run 10 clients or something . 
  gpu load is so low because cpu is the bottleneck in large fights and it ca n't keep up with feeding gpu next frame rendering instructions . 
  you have to cycle them manually by repeatedly deactivating them via module icons on the target . 
  it 's best to disable auto-repeat in extreme 10 % tidi . 
   it does n't have the v-thrust of the reaver or the better deceleration of the scythe , but has a slightly higher speed and turns pretty well . 
  all esf turn rates are equal and , as op noticed , slight speed bonus does n't help you in dogfighting ( and is negated by reaver 's ab anyway ) . 
  i would n't say mossie is underpowered , at least significantly , but it certainly is underwhelming to me . 
   as for scythes , get close . 
  do not let them get distance on you . 
  and then they shred you with hailstorm ( or is it maelstrom now ? ), 
  which you ca n't outdps with needler ;\\, 
  multithreading is not the magic solution to everything . 
  for starters , some tasks are actually * impossible * to parallelise . 
  for others , it 's a non-trivial , hard and very bug-prone process . 
  not saying ccp should n't try to improve it in the client but i 'm not expecting it to happen soon . 
  `` salt '' is a lower tier meme , so no . 
  true but do n't forget it all has to deal with python . 
  seems pretty nightmarish , at least to an outsider . 
   when i look at a group of tanks without air protection , all i see is a cert pinata . 
  spaced out group of vanguards sees a cert pinata in you . 
  renderer and audio engine are in c++ of course . 
  but there 's a bunch of python in the client , e.g. 
  the majority ( or 100 % ) of ui . 
  the exact split between techs in the client is something that probably only devs know . 
  i could fight them at range if not for their hitbox ... 
  err ... source/example/proof ? 
  meanwhile , i ordered a pbs studios t-shirt and us -  russia shipping cost me a [ whopping $ 5 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7axfoui.png ) . 
  so now we have a fifth-ish failed iteration of eve store . 
  some day , ccp , some day ... 
  edit : downvoted for sharing my ( superior ) experience ? 
  please ... 
  pretty cringe thing to put on your items , if you ask me .
