  some people rather not spend their time killing brain cells with a video game . 
  always . 
  relax , set myself in good mood for the rest of the day/evening . 
  croissants and stuff like that goes well with any coffee for me . 
  i mean , it looked almost like you wanted to hit that tree ... 
  if you 'd said in 2013 that ggg would rip off their then-playerbase by turning the game into this shit you 'd be laughed at . 
  now look how things turned out ... :(, 
  this `` gameplay '' is far more closer to pre-ros d3 ( and d3 version is better at it ) than the original poe i used to play . 
  edit : downvoted by d3 players , i guess , or this d3/poe hybrid abomination . 
   its an arpg with no competitive aspect aside from ladder pushing, 
  or you know , the whole economy thing , that you need to participate in . 
  because this is not the game i used to support . 
  i stopped . 
  i would 've liked some of my late-spent money back though . 
  forgive me for stating my disagreement with the change in direction of the game in a subreddit of said game . 
  i 'm still using a ball mouse . 
  ban all optical mouse users !, 
  does n't help on linux . 
  it is simply hardcoded ` off ' in linux builds . 
  the only way to restore it is to patch the source code . 
  you mean ` chromium-codecs-ffmpeg-extra ` ? 
  it 's installed and in fact i think it was used in my screenshot to decode the video i played . 
  at least the corresponding library is loaded into vivaldi 's process . 
  i used to encounter similar glitch in freelancer when flying too far from the center of the system . 
  the ship 's parts started to jitter very much like in the op 's video . 
  this brings some memories , 
   no it 's not just the `` hive mind '' hating him , it 's any reasonable person . 
  is this what you really believe ? 
  the rules you live by ? 
  `` you 're not hating some stubborn guy on the internet therefore you 're a moron , '' am i supposed to use this as a guideline ? 
   where is the proof x did n't cheat, 
  that is n't the argument though , as / u/fenrils has explained . 
  the argument is `` explain the data and the disparity '' . 
  i 'm for this just because giving mods ability to meddle with the voting system is dumb . 
  why are you posting this here though ? 
  too bad you still need to pay attention to couple of things in the game . 
  guild stash is a special case . 
  there are always more bugs around special cases . 
  nice retarded `` logic . '', 
  why ca n't you just mind your own fucking business ? 
  my ( small but active ) outfit was removed like 3 years ago . 
  no word on it . 
  in the comments on ars , people outright do n't understand the point of multiplayer experience and pvp . 
  meanwhile , i find myself falling asleep when playing single player games lately . 
  tbh merging outposts and poses felt like a bad idea from very beginning . 
  how about you take a moment to look at what you 're killing and act accordingly ? 
  spoiler , all other game content is basically deleted by that gear . 
  i wish this would be true but i believe game will remain a mess of op clearspeed builds into 3.0 . 
  or we could remove damage from the game . 
  \\  ios, 
  i still ca n't see any meaningful difference in those pictures . 
  wtf is this question !, 
  what i mean is that pictures look way , way , too similar . 
  it also forms hydrochloric and hypochloric acids when dissolving in moisture in your airways . 
  having no-brain abilities is not great game design . 
   not sure if there anyone who would work for 200 per month . 
  you sweet summer child . 
  my mother , who works as a music teacher in a budget-funded music school , has 2 diplomas and 25 + years of experience , have been paid ~ 15k ( $ 250 ish ) a month for the past several years . 
  and she works at about the official limit of work hours allowed for education workers/music teachers . 
  about 2 months ago they did double the pay at her workplace , completely out of the blue , it was n't in any news or anything . 
  they still kinda have trouble believing it , even though with the devaluation we 've been experiencing it 's not that good anymore . 
  so yeah , people , even educated people , still get paid all kind of shit salaries , when you go out of moscow or st. petersburg bubble . 
  username checks out, 
  this happens for me only when warping through the sun , similarly to the effect of warping through planets . 
  your stuff ? 
  did you know that the game used to forbid undocking with plex ? 
  thus making it indestructible . 
  did you know that you could n't move plex at all prior to ca . 
  your stuff ? 
  stuff . 
  can i have it ? 
  pls gim me stuff, 
  no it does n't, 
   it will be very apparent in a few months when they remove the `` bonus '' plex, 
  nice crystal ball you have there . 
  all this bitching and moaning and all of it based on unfounded accusations . 
   eve has become a mobile game, 
  please , link the app , i ca n't wait to do my market on my phone . 
  what do you mean you 're just an overly sarcastic `` grr change '' `` eve is ded '' whiny crybaby ? 
  oh well , no phone app for me then :(, 
  stop going ~ ~ full retard ~ ~ full headless chicken mode and spreading rumours based solely on your imagination . 
  your stuff . 
  \\  fails to allow the game to communicate, 
  \\  blames devs, 
   actually , something significant changed . 
  what has ? 
   yeah , lets give them an incentive to keep the game so fucking shitty people want to pay to avoid playing . 
  good idea . 
  because this stayed the same since 2005 or something . 
  did n't realise that was a statement . 
  so , where do ccp want to go with `` it ? '', 
  and what exactly is `` it ? '', 
   i for one would be much more accepting of these changes if they were rolled out alongside announcements of development focused on making those lackluster systems more engaging, 
  it 's not like ccp has been working on entirely new pve stuff lately . 
  and for some reason nobody was against plex bypassing isk-making until 2 days ago . 
  dunno which currency you have in mind but in russian rubles buying plex instead of 1m sub is even worse than doing so in usd . 
  the overpay is : ` 1 - 560\u0440 / sub / 1200\u0440 / plex = 53 % ` . 
   these are industry professionals , and are doing their job in a purposefully harmful way to the development of the game, 
  are you high ? 
   most recent round of changes,
