  it caused pretty big drama back in 2009 . 
  also beats my flash double kill . 
  `` double-click on the pills if you want to reset the fast spawn timer to default , because ` dey break games ' '' . 
  i personally took a habit of deploying via double-clicking the `` reference list '' as you call it . 
  itt : hello kitty online . 
  let 's change the game because people are bad at having fun and slave their subs away for several hours of training time per month . 
  ** but wo n't somebody think of new players !, 
  that argument is so dead . 
  dead , like a horse . 
  i expect to die , say `` oh , another heavy '' , repeat 10 times , alt-f4 . 
  balance ( read : ha and a2am ) and bugs , nothing changes . 
  magrider up . 
  lol , stay mad . 
  there was literally 10 different ways to instakill this scythe . 
  this was my experience on ru server as well : nobody ever looks up . 
  under the biolab leg is worse . 
  it 's literally in the middle of nowhere . 
  i saw a lot of those when autospawning was introduced . 
  sometimes i just tk 'd them since they bring absolutely no value . 
  [ how eve online deals ] ( http://i.imgur.com/edfhrif.png ) with the same problem . 
  it 's the best fix for this annoyance imo , functional and easy to implement . 
  edit : / u/radar _ x , maybe shoot this the ui designers way ? 
  because it is really `` low hanging fruit '' . 
  something something weaponized boredom \u2122, 
  now tell me , why should i play fucking la when there are maxs and has on the biolab roofs ? 
  to use shitty flashbang ? 
  to use carbines that are inferior to ars and smgs ? 
  because having no tool is so much fun ? 
  fuck this game . 
  it always had so much potential and it 's always broken as shit . 
  enlighten me . 
  what other core features does la have ? 
  is flanking supposed to be core of la now that other classes have access to the same flanking routes ? 
  ldl/hdl refer to lipoproteins that vegetable oils do not contain . 
  the term you were looking for is un/saturated fatty acids . 
  lipoproteins is the name of the vehicle animals use to transport fats in water based environment ( blood ) . 
  so ... [ oil prices ] ( http://i.imgur.com/slfqmmo.png ) ? 
   walker is still the same, 
  walker is actually a 1km/s weapon now . 
  walker harassers/sunderers are the new skyguards . 
   that 's pretty much what is considered balance, 
  that 's pretty much considered a broken weapon with no counters . 
  but nice logic you got there . 
  itt : heavy is supposed to kill everyone ( be op ) . 
  hey , you dared to post high level air play , prepare for downvotes and to be called a skyknight . 
  great flying though , especially seemingly minor but very effective dodging . 
  yeah , right , as if we did n't hear this shit before . 
  that one always disturbed me ... are you supposed to call yourself a pedo with that ? 
   honestly , pilots whining about how lack-of-skill something like lock-ons is , while ground-pounding which is easy as fuck , is getting on my nerves . 
  i know what you 're saying but a2g is still considerably more complex and demanding than g2a lockons . 
  i 'd agree if banshee was useful without max magsize in its current state . 
  you ca n't test different upgrade levels but i 'd imagine that it becomes kinda useless at magsize 3 and 100 % useless at any less . 
  it 'd actually be hilarious to try magsize-less banshee now ... 
  i may try that now , i wonder if i can get a kill even in the smallest fight . 
  basically you have to pay additional 1700 certs for the weapon to become mediocre at what it 's supposed to do . 
  \\  kills me, 
  \\  must be a shitter, 
   why the fuck do people quit this game ? 
  if someone quit because of pumpkins they certainly were n't fit for the shit this game can throw at you to test your endurance . 
  well i guess you can call me shitty , but when a pvp game offers me an increase of available targets - i tend to go for them . 
  i love people like you , making no distinction between a game and rl . 
  i enjoy your kind in eve online talks ( `` how dare you to suicide gank that freighter carrying 50 billion worth of cargo !, 
  you must be punching babies irl !, 
  '' ) , now in ps2 too i guess . 
  whatever you want to believe . 
  i do n't remember meeting you irl . 
  ethz has this thing about expenses : https://www.ethz.ch/en/the-eth-zurich/welcome-center/services-and-downloads/cost-of-living.html, 
  this was basically the reason i did n't try to study there . 
  the tuition fees themselves are kind of a joke compared to what they can be in other countries/unis . 
  but the cost of living in zurich just closed that road for me . 
  basically , saying `` fuck indar '' . 
  these are cobalt and miller according to the ping script i have . 
  i 'm russian and i always thought those dogs burned up on reentry . 
  i just assumed that for no reason and now it 's a wtf moment for me :d, 
  military experts are calling this ' a bluff ' . 
  so you met a couple of pilots ( i do n't imagine any more sitting in koltyr ) and now you 're generalizing all of them . 
  that 's probably the only time i saw a scythe die ramming without getting a kill . 
   changes being made and then reverted without any warning . 
  i just want to know what kind of version control dbg are using . 
  basically , infantryside . 
  vehicles have very little purpose because of existence of long range av in particular . 
  infantry can do anything better , easier and cheaper than vehicles can . 
  because fighting a sizable target that uses weapons that have drop can be fun as opposed to `` fighting '' a tiny strafing target that has pinpoint accuracy/hitscan and probably better dps ( compared to gatekeeper with no primary ; somebody may want to check the numbers , i ca n't be bothered to look up resistances ) . 
  well , i have n't happened to be on the receiving end yet . 
  if it is so , i 'd expect a nerf after complaints increase . 
  the gatekeeper is still too new compared to raven abuse . 
  also , have they fixed the hit sound yet ? 
  because that sure would be frustrating for me to experience . 
  there 's no flash on that website . 
  it also works on my outdated browser ( opera 12 ) . 
  looking at how regularly these pop up , do people not sort by price * always * ? 
  you put it so clearly and blatantly that it hurts . 
  it 's even possible to do because on the russian server they have 3rd party anticheat . 
  it 's by innova , i think , the company that maintains the server . 
  esf falls very quickly when aiming straight down . 
  dunno why is this downvoted . 
  the wider it 's known the more incentive dbg has . 
  yes . 
  80 + fps went to 50ish and less . 
  mission system phase n is supposed to have airstrike targets .
