  ftfy, 
   get distracted and forget something within 8 seconds, 
  you might have a problem . 
  it was restricted to something like once every 1.5 s a long time ago because spamming it caused stress on the server . 
  no it 's in zug which is in canton of zug :d ( 1h south of zurich roughly ) . 
  no , fuck off . 
  dailies are the only thing that actually brought me to unsubbing . 
  from what i 've seen bezzera seems to offer one of the best quality/cost ratios . 
  i 'm looking at buying one ( bz10 , hx ) as my first proper machine . 
  they can be hard to come by though , but definitely try to look into it . 
  along with all other managed languages amirite ? 
  what plugins do i need to do that stuff ? 
  outposts never dropped loot so forts and keepstars should n't . 
  safety should be given a good look though and astras defences brought far below the current state closer to poses . 
  kindly fuck off please . 
  enable `` classic eve music '' or something like that . 
  reduce music volume to 0 and back to change tracks ( stupid i know ) . 
  not going to happen . 
  just ask for better grouping and maybe couple more groups . 
   seems like needless fear mongering, 
  hey it 's / r/eve . 
  golden fuel for missiles is just around the corner , did n't you know ? 
  implying the ` % eve_pop % - 350 ` are all playing plex speculation, 
  have n't gone to movies in years but i did n't wa n't to miss another nolan/zimmer/hoytema masterpiece . 
  did n't regret it . 
   it 's the five other scrubs that are just scraping by that are no longer going to be targets . 
  if they 're `` scraping by '' maybe they should consider a job . 
  well this is a paid subscription game . 
  if somebody ca n't afford it - goodbye . 
  not this day though . 
  or the next one . 
  you need to disable safety to do that . 
  zoom out ? 
  jumping supers/caps through a ( titan ) bridge used to be a thing , for extra-quick surprise hotdrops through a midpoint . 
  caps were restricted from taking bridges at some point later . 
  conserve cap for the next jump so no capping up/refitting needed . 
  it 's not like there 's open competition between servers so i do n't understand how this is related to balance and why it generates so many tears . 
   wikipedia is n't the best resource for understanding concepts, 
  [ this picture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unit_circle#/media/file:circle-trig6.svg ) is perfect though . 
  revolution was n't given out `` for a couple of wins . '', 
  this is a meme , right ? 
  maybe , just maybe , infantry should not have access to a heavy hitting railgun effective beyond their render range . 
  instadeleting tanks columns from beyond render range is op and broken , yes . 
  feel free to spin this your way now . 
  also that ingame currency is not created out of nothing but earned by the plex-buying party . 
  i have stopped tank columns just by playing with 4-5 friends . 
  i am aware that this game is full of bullshit . 
   can easily delete anything in render range, 
  do n't forget in vehicle render range , while actually being unrendered because you 're an infantry . 
  this thread is full is hypocritical vanu mains though , so it 's ok . 
  so i take it that deleting vehicles while not rendering to them is an ok form of gameplay . 
  sound argument , m8, 
  first , nc is not `` my side '' . 
  second , i never said that . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   hypocritical vanu mains, 
  replace this with `` lancer apologists '' , nothing changes . 
  truly the most deep and engaging game experience . 
  looks like they banned more cdn ips again . 
  i wonder when will they realize how retarded this is , if ever . 
  you should never have to touch affinities . 
  windows 8 + scheduler can distribute load from 2 active eve threads across 8 cores just fine by itself . 
  bezzera bz10 comes in about a week !, 
   one of your relatives, 
  please continue to mix justice system with personal revenge . 
  why did you make my tabs so bright ? 
  i actually liked that the contrast between them was low . 
  now tabs look slightly `` acidic '' in color . 
  honestly i 'm slowly getting used to it and only vaguely remember how it looked yesterday . 
  but slightly less `` in your face '' brightness would do well i think . 
  one thing i definitely noticed is that i started mistaking adjacent active and background tabs , probably due to their brightness being inverted or something like that . 
  very annoying to close a wrong tab accidentally . 
   laying out some things, 
   just promising, 
  it broke . 
  meddle click dragging of expanded images also does n't work . 
  vivaldi does n't recognize these `` thumbnails '' , old opera 12 used to . 
  no idea why it was n't implemented along with user-customizable thumbnails . 
  hope they fix it soon . 
  also i noticed that dragging rmb also highlights text , so all mouse buttons seem broken the same way . 
  fuck off pls , you 're acting like there 's no room for improvement with this browser in every thread . 
  there 's nothing wrong with asking for more functionality . 
  like we had in opera 12 . 
  like using site favicons as thumbnails automatically . 
  like vivaldi does n't do now . 
  i 'd like site favicons to be automatically used as thumbnails . 
  i 'm sorry for asking opera 12 features from a browser that names itself a spiritual successor . 
  who are you even trying to defend here ? 
  we 're merely giving devs feedback , and most do it in appropriate manner . 
  i did n't see anyone complain except you . 
   vivaldi does n't recognize these `` thumbnails '' , old opera 12 used to . 
  no idea why it was n't implemented along with user-customizable thumbnails . 
  so this was `` toxic '' ? 
  i just wondered why a feature was implemented without a very convenient detail , which i 'm sure will get done at some point but will take some unnecessary wait . 
  am i the only one for whom shadowplay/geforce experience simply does n't work for me since around dx11 ? 
  same , i got the recording part to work by running the game in fullscreen windowed and allowing desktop recording in shadowplay . 
  many people went straight from dying opera 12 to vivaldi , because it offered a functional replacement , is made by the same guys with the same goals . 
  that 's why we 're asking for features of that `` unrelated '' browser . 
  i have no idea why they did n't implement a well-known and convenient thumbnail feature while they were working on thumbnails , and simply stated that because it did n't make sense to me . 
  i guess they just forgot .
