  the hivemind says that hs is ( was ) evil . 
  no point in arguing with it . 
  the next thing they 'll say is cersei is good now that she 's blown him up along with all those other people . 
   does 10k sp even matter to you, 
  could you people stop using this senseless argument ? 
  10k each ? 
  of course it fucking matters !, 
  in fact , it matters more the more sp you have if you factor in injector diminishing returns . 
  stop pretending this was a newbie oriented feature because it was n't designed as one ( no diminishing returns , no reward based on age etc ) . 
  itt people playing with stopwatches and hourglasses . 
  seriously stop being outdated . 
  lock on range is the render range of infantry ( 300m ) . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
   you do n't really need to see the infantry . 
  you can not damage what does n't render to you . 
  game mechanics are hard . 
  edit : literally downvoted for truth . 
  stay mad , infantryside . 
  `` slap diminishing returns on your daily cancer so only newbies profit from doing it if they so desire '' -- me and some other people . 
  you know , like they did with injectors . 
  because that 's how the game works . 
  clientside hit detection means the damaged object must be there on the client . 
  if it 's not rendered on the client there 's nothing to register damage on . 
  feel free to provide contradicting evidence by damaging non-rendering infantry outside 300m . 
  so you want to use an outgame stopwatch instead of ingame stopwatch and call it `` skill '' ? 
  how fucking backwards is that ? 
  because obscuring game mechanics is good ? 
  last time this was discussed people agreed that observatories with ability to scan cloakers must come sooner . 
  now everyone hates op . 
  roadkills/collisions always happen on infantry 's side . 
  that 's why you need to play latencyside 2 in your mind and predict where the guy you want to run over will be in 0.3-0 .5 s. 
  for 2 vehicle collisions i guess any side works . 
  how do you bait something that is afk 23/7 ? 
  so people * need to be constantly prepared for the drop and have answers prepared just because somebody has free electricity ? 
  \\* - i did n't say `` i need '' because i actually do n't do stuff affected by afk cloakers . 
  nevertheless , the mechanic is pretty broken . 
  this has nothing to do with bad connections and everything with deliberately switching your connectivity ( i.e. 
  exploiting the game tolerance of extreme 10s of seconds long disconnects ) . 
  still playing , still lagswitching . 
  could you jump over it ? 
  the cone is pretty narrow . 
   so i can kill a group of people easily, 
  he means running cloaked into clumps and dropping mines . 
  works way better/only on nc/vs due to 360 explosion . 
   it looks kinda cool when you open it, 
  is that hearthstone in eve ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  that ex-ea-executive-guy seems to be working his ass off . 
  not sure i like the results . 
   gives certain players advantage over others, 
   strongly disagree, 
  wow ur dumb, 
  did you forget what ` advantage ' means or something ? 
  itt no sense of humour . 
  i chuckled , thanks , op . 
  basement dwellers have advantage in doing dailies due to unlimited daily free time . 
  advantage, 
  noun : advantage ; plural noun : advantages, 
  a condition or circumstance that puts one in a favourable or superior position . 
  the opportunity to ** gain something ; benefit or profit ** . 
  somebody gets free sp . 
  somebody does n't . 
  see definition above . 
  edit : right , push those downvote buttons when you have no argument . 
   thats why you are getting downvoted, 
  why ? 
  because i pointed out stupidity of op 's agenda-pushing answer to generally pointless question ? 
  i mean you 've just said it yourself : `` they are getting advantade '' . 
  i said exactly the same thing . 
  that 's a browser crash . 
  happens regularly when you drag images/text/links . 
  reported a while ago , not fixed nor acknowledged . 
   in this game having more sp , or more money is not an advantage . 
  wow . 
  this is so dumb . 
  ok give me your stuff , it 's not an advantage to you anyway . 
  i will put it to good use . 
  it has nothing to do with ram limits . 
  browser crashes randomly when dragging page content . 
   how pathetically easy, 
  tell me how easy it is when you 're away for a month/have urgent rl stuff . 
   you will always be able to get this in about a minute without any planning or preparation . 
  what about when you live in wh ? 
  what about sitting in a titan ? 
  did all these '' * certain * players '' not have access to advantage all others had ? 
  some people got an advantage out of dailies while others could n't . 
  while op stupidly ` strongly disagreed ' with that and made his opinion public trying to push his pro- ~ ~ cancer ~ ~ daily agenda . 
  phew , that was hard . 
  glad it 's settled now . 
  add diminishing returns to it so it 's truly a newbie oriented and i wo n't care anymore . 
  i 'm currently not in a wormhole but at work . 
  and i have some stuff to do in the evening . 
  rip my 10k sp ( if they would still award it ) . 
   the cycler trv, 
  wtf, 
  holy shit you 're edgy, 
  i 'm a paying customer and i play the game when i have time for it , couple times on a normal week . 
  if you want to call me a non-player or 2nd-class citizen or some shit because of the way i * do play * you can go fuck yourself . 
  20 % training speed boost at expense of rl activities does n't matter at all ? 
  what is this , basement dweller news ?
