  blizzard is the owner of your account and characters and can ban you without specifying any reason at all . 
  edit :, 
  see http://us.blizzard.com/en-us/company/legal/d3_eula.html, 
   4 ... you have no interest , monetary or otherwise , in any feature or content contained in the game or associated with the account . 
   8 ... blizzard may terminate this agreement at any time for any reason or no reason . 
  upon termination , all licenses granted herein shall immediately terminate, 
   and then economy deals with fallout . 
   we 've been able to successfully identify players who duplicated gold by using this specific bug , and are ** focusing on these accounts to make corrections . 
  while this is a time-consuming and very detailed process ** , we believe it 's the most appropriate choice given the circumstances . 
  which is basically case-by-case rollbacks . 
  people can not read , it seems ( well , expected , really ) . 
  these days you will be able to progress faster * by not playing the game * in any game that has trading between players . 
  because there always will be that guy that will be glad to sell his worthless pixels for your rl cash . 
  and even if there 's no ingame trading , players that lost interest will sell their accounts provided they have a demand for them . 
  the ( rm ) ah is just a service that allows you safe transactions by taking a fee for the controllable and safe environment it offers . 
  therefore the argument is n't valid and is just one of many topics for diablo 3 trashtalking . 
  someone , sometimes ago said :, 
  - we can never trust the client . 
  yeah , that was embarrassing . 
  it 's just most people are panicking though blizzard stated they will take actions , only account-wide instead of server-wide . 
   do they know where that duped gold went ? 
  nope . 
  how can you make such statement ? 
  what proof do you have ? 
  do you even know what you 're talking about ? 
  every financial transaction is logged in modern online games . 
  ** especially ** if ingame currency is tradeable for rm . 
  it 's the only possible way to do things . 
  what 's your stuff ? 
   these changed practically revert the overall efficiency of a1/2/4 : act3 farming to the original value, 
  this may have been * slightly * exaggerated . 
   question is , do those drop rate nerfs apply to the elite versions of those mobs as well ? 
  i would guess not , since elites have their own drop scheme with multiple drop slots having different drop probabilities . 
  that would be weird to play selffound character in a pub as it kinda breaks the whole idea , especially if you 're being carried . 
  the price floor was $ .25 for 1m gold . 
  it became $ .25 for 10m . 
  this was something of a last-minute-change , probably to save rmah from speculations until the patch hit . 
  ironic , as someone here pointed out . 
  dont want any buffs from banners , we already got permanent passive mf from paragon . 
   they even have the `` dodge '' mechanic which will be abused/spammed like fuck, 
  i still dont understand what a ` dumbing down ' console feature has to do with pc verion of the game . 
   and he is now on the titan team , i cringe every time i remember that . 
  i pray that he is not in a position to make game effecting decisions or directions, 
  jay wilson is an accomplished game designer , who took a lot of unnecessary heat from mad diablo fans who didnt receive their dream game . 
  as to the changes after his departure i tend to think of it as a coincidence . 
  or do you suggest an evil - ` literally hitler ' - jay wilson sitting on d3 throne at blizzard turning down any fun ideas his coworkers are coming up with and forbidding them to communicate with players ? 
  that 's laughable really , unfortunately it also seems roughly the story players still believe in . 
  tldr try to look objectively and dont demonize people . 
  i guess i wasnt clear . 
  passive permanent buffs are boring . 
  actually the more boring the more powerful they are ( as , crit ) . 
  you slap them on one time and forget about them . 
  in general i dont think banners were designed at all as a game mechanic and are more of an achievement type . 
  i say better make more interesting items then give passive buffs to banners with stats we already have . 
  well , since jay is no longer on the team it means that all recent patch and communication improvements came ( at least mostly ) from other team members and whoever is the game director now ( if anyone ) , or someone above which is outside of scope of this discussion . 
  which leads to a question : do you really believe that jay rejected all those ideas before and forced minimal communications on the team and was generally a bad guy for no reason ? 
  or have those improvements just coincided with his move . 
  yeah , crafting materials and tomes in particular went up significantly in hc when boa crafts were introduced . 
  it 's easier to name twitch channels where you should n't hide the chat instead of ones where you should . 
  had enough gold to buy hots but after some deliberation decided against it . 
  so , none . 
  had one or two latency spikes . 
  a lot more of fps drops especially in a4 . 
  usually it 's * just * enough to get 5 before kw . 
  when i looked for a way to listen to pandora it was n't in chrome 's store as well , so got it here : https://mediahint.com/install_chrome.html, 
  i guess webstore has some rules that this addon violates . 
  why is every ` close call ' video ends up with saving your poor ass not with actual game mechanics , but rather with ( ultimately ) the rules operation and networking systems apply to the game process ? 
  not my native . 
  apparently i didnt take screenshots before 1.0.4 , 
  a charger stuck in the scenery : http://i.imgur.com/v1uvhyb.jpg, 
  also my first double-drop : http://i.imgur.com/saul5v3.jpg, 
  677h on all characters . 
  i played pretty casually for the most part except for the part where i fell in love with archon and plvling with it , 
  i was about to play hc today but then i thought how bad it would be to die on the anniversary :d, 
  try this . 
  vods are split in 30min parts and will slide down the pages as archon streams more . 
  my single-stream download from twitch was really slow today so i had to use that and download 16 parts 8 files at a time . 
  smooth and fun action is the main reason by a long shot . 
  yesterday i was standing in town waiting for my friend and i was literally just spammming different skills for 10 minutes staring at those fluid as water animations . 
  also , ` kcshhhnnnngggggggg sound ' . 
  the actual reason is that the guy on mumble ( bobslop ) never played d2 and everyone thought that that 's outrageous ( rightfully so ) . 
  dat map troll, 
  that 's * very * far from the * worlds most broken * elite . 
  if you dont survive vortex maybe you should change your mp or skills . 
  i knew about it but it 's so hidden and clunky that it was always easier to open modules in eft and compare them side by side . 
  it 's interesting how blood changes color from dark red vein blood , almost black , to bright arterial color . 
  jay wilson also gets it . 
  hating again ? 
  jesus , when will he be able to not be followed by this . 
  edit : downvote away , but could people stop bashing one guy ? 
  i mean you 've probably bashed him far beyond the point of ` not caring anymore ' so what 's the point ? 
  also jay wilson really ` gets it ' , did you not see the gdc excerpts ? 
  edit2 : to elaborate , while continuous bashing may give some people some perverted joy , do you really think that jw is some kind of dumbass that doesnt see anything ? 
  he got a job as a lead at blizzard 's top project , he might have some idea about game design and how his own game systems turned out to be working , you know ? 
  he also has ( had ) server usage statistics at his hands to analyze . 
  and people still think he has ( had ) no clue ? 
  tldr : you may not like him but at least be objective . 
  i play cm wizard and i would love to be an actual * ranged class * and not use archon for that . 
  gloom is one skill that happens to get you best survivability with the way you stack damage in the game . 
  what about other five skill slots ?
