  # salty vets unite !, 
  so you can turn off cloak with graphics settings in a 3 + y/o game ? 
  ok fine , no big deal i guess . 
  this guy was playing on miller long before werner closed . 
  i 've got to say , even though i hate idiots with `` russia '' in their name acting like idiots , as a legit long time miller player , it still annoys me a lot that i 'm associated with scum like that just based on where i happen to live . 
  well the effect is practically the same , even if limited by looking angles . 
  great tidi-less fight !, 
  either way , so cringy, 
  herp ' i can afford that ' mcderpy, 
  not sure i like further galaxy hp buffs with composite , those things already take * minutes * to kill . 
  ah might become difficult to use as ai with such drastic rof and splash change , needs testing . 
  not sure whether banshee needs cof reduction or splash increase , needs testing too . 
  any buff here is nice though . 
  the rest is pure awesome !, 
  edit : nothing about flares though ? 
  or will that happen with a2g work ? 
  coyotes are actually pretty good now on live and will become even better with composite change ( less incentive to go stealth ) . 
  they are underused on live because of how stupidly broken tomcats are . 
  there is no need to buff them in any way ( at least for now ) . 
  as are hotkeys apparently, 
  i 'm triggered, 
  who are you talking to ? 
  i do n't think they read this sub . 
  and i will say it again , stop posting this stuff here and always go straight to the main sub . 
  i think poses are pretty :\\, 
  i 'm going to miss towers with forcefields . 
  am i the only one reading ` fortizar ' as ` fozziestar ' every time ? 
  hope mobs get a buff , power creep is real with ascendancy . 
  see : smoke in bf3 . 
  implement that with no spotting through it . 
  done , perfect . 
  did you try letting it check resources ? 
  well , i personally never experienced this and it sounded like op did n't wait long enough . 
   and the fact that fucking sound bytes can affect fps is ridiculous, 
  that 's actually not unusual . 
  many games even provide audio channels slider to reduce audio load on weaker setups . 
  your stuff ? 
  there 's sidebar full of info as well, 
   aphelion , gatekeeper , and mjolnir have been added to the harasser directive tree . 
  what about mbts ? ^ no ^ phase ^ 2 ^ pls, 
  fuck dynamic languages tho . 
  i 've had this on indar , it spawned me in the center of the map after loading 2 times . 
   give me yaw on the mouse and roll on a/d for heaven 's sake i ca n't aim to save my goddamn life, 
  it would n't help you in the slightest . 
  an example page would be a good start . 
  and like 20 other weapons . 
  it 's not the `` rage cheaters '' that are of the most concern . 
  they are just the most visible . 
  the worst are togglers , esp users , slight hitbox or weapon adjustments that are hard to notice unless really blatant . 
  as a russian , this kind of patriotic feelings bullshit ( being proud of your birthplace , not your/your nation 's actual * current * achievements ) is heavily used inside the country to justify all the things russia does lately . 
  blind patriotism and nationalism make great propaganda material . 
  fuck this shit . 
  everything has been said already , but you went and did it anyway . 
  now i will spend a lot more time thinking whether my next sub payment is really worth it . 
  til killing rats = playing this game, 
  edit : and before you talk about their soon - \u2122 plans of expanding the ~ ~ opportunities ~ ~ chores , i basically did zero pve for last couple of years . 
  but fuck my playstyle , right ? 
  it does n't make eve shit but it does put it on even more slippery slope . 
  and personally , if this change makes me feel bad about how i distribute my free time - i 'm going to play less , not more , if at all . 
  and it 's a lot more than the difference between +5 s and dirt-cheap +2 / +3 s , a pair which everyone should be using . 
  +2 s are the real base training speed , not +0 s. 
  you mean first of daily chores . 
  i ca n't log in when i 'm at work , asleep , at friends , walking in the street , on vacation , etc etc. 
  some people may live in the game but i 've left that phase long ago . 
   no one 's holding a gun to your head saying ` rat , bitch ', 
  getting equivalent benefits of +5 training implants for no ingame cost but rather at the cost of having to plan my rl around having to log in daily feels a lot like it . 
  figuratively speaking of course . 
  there is not one single player for whom that is true . 
   if opportunities make it less likely for people to quit because of boredom, 
  except these `` opportunities '' are pure refined boredom . 
  real logi fly with hull/armor drones . 
  previously minmaxing sp gain did n't involve scheduling my rl around stupid ingame actions . 
  there is not a single player for whom that applies . 
  hull/armor rep drones save ceptors and sabres . 
  saving ships = being lazy , got it . 
  read other replies, 
  definitely going to shoot drones with my drones in a fleet of 200 . 
  in a logi which is already apm intensive . 
  this is fucking laughable , what else will you people come up with ? 
  people like free stuff that is otherwise rare and hard to get [ citation needed ] . 
  except with that it was in a lot of instances monthly activity instead of daily . 
  there are plenty of skills that you can put in and care about more important stuff than videogames when you need to . 
  in fact , i 've said in the initial announcement thread that i will gladly take back limited skill queue over dailies . 
  sp farm for free isk then ? 
  update : hiding subpanels via menu/shortcut ( like ctrl-shift-d ) does this http://i.imgur.com/s8l89ru.png, 
  clicking any subpanel button breaks it again . 
  webpanel works fine , except sidebar itself breaks again http://i.imgur.com/pphplic.png, 
  installing latest stable 32 bit version did n't help . 
   sp did n't just spring from nowhere , it was all paid for with subscriptions, 
  starcraft has dailies ? 
  and i thought that game was about pushing ladder . 
   one day, 
  what about a month of vacation ? 
  nbd right ? 
  so make make it available for players under 5m sp . 
  or add diminishing returns in the same way skill injectors have them . 
  did n't need those players anyway . 
  what i 'm interested in : did n't you claim you already had modification detection in that hitbox megathread a month ago ? 
   they claimed that file modification was allready detected and people where getting banned before the whole drama, 
  that felt like damage control lies back then , and now i 'm sure of it .
