  so what exactly is so wrong with plex changes that makes you not even want to check the game ? 
  as did you . 
  please name those harmful developments that have happened with the game . 
  someone smart enough to `` hide '' his plex in the vault at the last seconds before getting ganked is also smart enough to not undock with that plex in the first place . 
  it 's not a ship hold . 
  it does n't require being in a ship or a structure , and it is account wide . 
   they 've added worse people to the executive team since then, 
  yeah right seagull has been bad for the game . 
  lol, 
  no argument it is then . 
   the controversial changes in question are well known and common knowledge at this point . 
  my point is : what is so horrible with the recent plex changes ? 
  because i do n't see any change when in log in to play the game , except that my plex has been divided into stacks of 500 . 
  i 'm not feigning ignorance but feel free to use that as an `` argument . '', 
  so no new mtx were introduced and a simple streamlining of the system is enough to shit-spam this whole sub with `` eve is ded ? '', 
  should they have left us with the abomination that was aurum instead ? 
  maybe people should wait before accusing ccp of selling out ? 
  because right now nothing says they will . 
  oh but that 'd be too level headed and reddit loves witchhunts . 
   conversion to `` microplex '' makes this very easy to streamline in very obvious ways . 
  microplex is simply a consequence of removing aurum . 
  anything else is pure conjecture and baseless accusations at this point . 
   intrusive advertisements to omega clones, 
  if 16x48 px or something menu item that is not even visible a lot of the time is an `` intrusive ad '' the only answer i can give is `` htfu . '', 
   the new scanner, 
  is great . 
   the audio settings changes, 
  this sucks , especially since i was the part of the 9 % using it , but as a developer i understand how terrible that must 've been to maintain . 
  i even thought they might remove it eventually before they announced it . 
   moon mining changes, 
  sound great . 
  citadels ' excessive safety will probably be addressed as ccp said during fanfest q&a . 
  in general , i do n't feel any slowdown in development of game features . 
  they 've even released a whole new pve system with this patch which might become a base for further pve work , which it desperately needs . 
  that 's how it was prior to 2011 . 
  and yes , plex is a currency because it replaced aurum . 
  nothing wrong with this . 
  then you could n't move it at all . 
  plex was literally indestructible back then and what 's especially funny , is that back then the community was witchhunting ccp because `` there 's no reason to allow players to undock plex other than get free money from dumb players . '', 
  now we 've got the same witchhunt in reverse . 
  but the only thing that has changed is that ugly aurum was replaced and there will be less `` lul plex tank '' shiposts on this sub . 
  sounds like a win-win . 
   is the marketing for plex being spammed everywhere, 
  16x48 px menu item that is at the very bottom and is not even visible a lot of the time = marketing spammed everywhere, 
  i agree with the rest of the post , but sadly i do n't expect advanced audio settings to make a come back . 
  those must 've been total ass to maintain . 
   but everyone being paranoid af, 
   plex was divided into units of 500 and we all lost our shit because apparently ccp patched out our ability to reason . 
  yep , checks out . 
  grr change, 
  plex is a well-known product name , even outside eve somewhat . 
  it 'd be stupid for them to just drop it . 
   wikipedia : `` on 9 june 1501 , basel joined the swiss confederation as its eleventh canton . '', 
  so no , it was n't switzerland at that point . 
  i just noticed it , and yes it 's kinda annoying in that it does n't stop blinking until you open it or drag the nes icon to the neocom . 
  but then how often do you add plex to the vault anyway ? 
  old opera speed dial used high-res favicons ( or maybe scaled vector ones ) for sites that provided them : http://i.imgur.com/vf4khbf.png, 
  for sites that did n't , opera cropped their screenshots a bit and the speed dial tiles in general were larger , resulting in more readable thumbnails : http://i.imgur.com/v90zncn.png, 
   veterans ( not pointing at you in particular ) are usually already sitting on a pretty high number of certs/unlocks or can earn them quickly . 
  i am a veteran and when i last played i had something like 1k free certs on my character . 
  the way i understand , that is nearly not enough to get through the implant rng game . 
  which is one of many reasons why i do n't log in anymore . 
  i use brains and hands instead of firewalls and antiviruses . 
  also port forwarding might 've solved your issue . 
  atmosphere slider controls station environment sounds . 
  also i did a bit of exploration today , and hacking/scanning ( bong ) sounds can actually be reduced with secondary interfaces slider which does n't affect other ui sounds . 
  so idk what those wormholers complained about . 
   the hum when targetted, 
  i do n't get any hum when targeted . 
   the bong of dscan , the station interior sounds ... the static and weird humming from the probe scanner window, 
  these you can disable without sacrificing useful sounds . 
   the sound probes make when scanning, 
  these are useful ? 
  they fucking drive me mad after 30 minutes of scanning . 
  edit : could you like ... point out other use cases that current settings do n't cover instead of downvoting ? 
   it lets you know when the scan completes so you can stop staring at the progress bar . 
  idk , i 'm just used to the duration that i can alttab back right as it finishes . 
  how do you kill a conversation with design choices ? 
  fun to mindlessly click 12345qw while watching tv ? 
  why not go play slot machines ? 
  because this is the most efficient way to play . 
  because the game devolved from being ultimate hardcore experience into shit . 
  so 1 % of the game is somewhat challenging , wow . 
  the economy does . 
  everyone who does n't play son13245ic simulator in poe is a pt alt , right . 
  majority of the game is spent running maps and it 's a joke now . 
  not everyone has fun playing with self-imposed arbitrary limitations . 
  you 're *, 
  not really , i just know what i 'm doing, 
  keeping your software up to date is usually enough to keep off remote attacks . 
  launching only trusted code eliminates the need for anti virus . 
  for suspicious code there are vms and virustotal.com . 
  periodical cureit/avz checks complete this routine . 
  i 've been doing this since 2008-ish and never have had a case of unauthorized code running on my machines . 
  this is n't an unusual practice either , many it professionals do this simply because we stop seeing purpose of antiviruses and such after a while . 
  i 've also got rid of these `` defensive '' programs on my relatives ' pcs simply by installing linux and doing periodical updates . 
  i guess people did n't understand what game designers do if this video was necessary ? 
   drax made a fairly good point about the dalton nerf, 
  that guy does n't look like an active esf/lib pilot , why should i listen to his opinion ? 
  does your math account for deceleration on uneven terrain ?
