  not so much the pop imbalance but zerging in general , where the whole server usually has only 3-5 96 + fights that are absolutely unplayable due to amount of players crammed into map bottlenecks . 
  light `` tank '', 
  would he even have locked them by the time he was jammed ? 
  do n't think so . 
  you know , when a certain * kil2 * joined ccp i was all but certain that this mechanic would be redesigned . 
  errr ... it 's there ? 
  just turn abstract layout off , turn it on the side and you have your unusable 3d mess of stars and lines . 
  i recently bought a confessor to `` try this new ship out '' . 
  and it 's 2 years old ? 
   for me though , as someone who enjoys trading , and enjoyed pre loots everywhere poe , all this says to me is that there is zero plan to ever adjust anything related to these issues ever again . 
  this . 
  i think everyone appreciates this gesture from ggg . 
  but at the same time the rise of ssf is a symptom of a larger problem and this does nothing to solve it . 
  it just shuns a group of players into a playstyle they wo n't necessarily enjoy . 
  i know i 'm getting bored by soloing really quickly in any game . 
  or rather , floating-point numbers are [ scary ] ( https://randomascii.wordpress.com/2012/05/20/thats-not-normalthe-performance-of-odd-floats/ ) in computers . 
  this `` people got better '' bullshit is cute . 
  meanwhile it 's possible to clear dried lake *** merciless *** ( heavy sarcasm ) with a bunch of stupid uniques and ascendancies . 
  with . 
  passives . 
  allocated . 
  as of now , we have a steady casualization of the game the beginning of which weirdly coincided with apparent beginning of console development . 
  just go and watch the video ( you said you did n't in another comment ) before making empty comments . 
  i 'd guess that was before the console announcement and all that entails . 
  just because game had weak points back then it does n't mean it has no different , and worse , weak points now . 
  enjoy your circlejerk . 
   if poe is now a casual game , what is a non-casual game, 
  this seems obvious but poe 2 years ago was not a casual game . 
  there was no single point . 
  it was continuous increase of player power ( aka power creep ) and reduction of threats from environment . 
  the biggest offenders are ascendancies , blasphemy and flasks imo , but i 'm sure i 'm forgetting something . 
  as for the rest , i 'll refer you to the pt 's [ `` elaboration '' video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptqzhkk43y0 ) . 
  even if you do n't want to listen to him talk ( even though he makes very good points ) you can just mute it and watch the footage of poe 1 . x vs poe 2.5 . 
  then tell me that the latter is not a casual game ( at least relative to the former ) . 
  what ? 
  none of those words make any sense put together , try again . 
  let 's see , he talks about some `` lizard people , '' how it 's not brought up that the game is not developed by them . 
  mentions d3 for some reason and how i 'm not making `` a difference '' . 
  all followed by a 13-yo personal attack . 
  ... somebody , explain ? 
  nice exploit . 
  or , you know , a phys build . 
  not really uncommon . 
  `` bbu ... but ele builds can not do this map ! '', 
  whether or not it is punishable , it is an exploit of shitty engine code . 
  it is not intuitive , it requires very specific conditions , it is not intended by game mechanics - it is an exploit by definition . 
  no dev has stated their stance on this issue . 
  wrel was not a dev at the time of his video . 
  well they ca n't make a ban they ca n't enforce . 
  the first part of my comment still stands . 
  how are those two connected ? 
  what is `` emergent gameplay , '' is it same as `` clever use of game mechanics ? '', 
  an exploit is not necessarily punishable offence . 
  here they can not enforce the punishment so they do n't bother . 
  they also do n't care to fix their world props and/or shitty code that allows it . 
  the behaviour is still a typical glaring exploit . 
  developers not caring to do something about it does n't change the nature of things . 
  i did n't play it and i fail to see the connection . 
  i do n't really care for other developers ' decisions in other games . 
  wall climbing nullifies some advantages of light assault , forces people into potato settings and thus is detrimental to the game . 
  `` emergent gameplay '' here is no different from famous `` clever use of game mechanics '' excuse . 
   at the expense of the game 's integrity, 
  you made up this part . 
   by removing trade, 
  trade was removed long after jw moved to another project . 
  did you find any solution dude ? 
  i think this started for me with the upgrade to 376.33 drivers . 
  the version i had before that was 373.06 . 
  i have the same problem and i think this started for me with the upgrade to 376.33 drivers . 
  the version i had before that was 373.06 and i do n't think this problem was present back then . 
  my videocard is gtx 770 . 
  it also does n't reproduce itself 100 % or instantly . 
  i usually get it like 5 minutes into watching a stream or video . 
  sometimes it does n't occur at all . 
  it also may be hard to notice on your usual videos but is very apparent when a video has text or straight lines , like in op 's examples . 
  enlighten me . 
   so he mad, 
  i do n't know if you watched the video but he did n't look mad . 
  sometimes a single line of code can take a day to produce ... 
   these issues have already been brought up , the removal of things like eve skunk , api scrapers , etc is by design , not by coincidence . 
  what if i want to help my friend plan skills of fits using his api ? 
  is that also being removed by design ? 
  eveskunk on the other hand will be still functional , i think ? 
  you 'd still be able to log in there using sso and give them your mails instead of giving them your mail api . 
  well so , how will i tweak fits for someone with low skills when the api is removed ? 
  yep !, 
  2 monitor setup , primary is 144hz , secondary is an old 60 , both 1080p . 
  edit : huh , but my friend also has this problem and his monitors are all 60hz . 
  he has dual monitor setup though as i do , maybe it has something to do with this . 
  just in case , my os is windows 8.1 , he uses windows 10 . 
  i use 64bit browser build and he uses 32bit . 
  that did n't help :( turning off shadowplay , playing with loading video tab in background or foreground , closing all other 3d games/browser-based apps did n't help . 
  this is really weird . 
  yeah , disabling it seems to fix the problem like op here reported . 
  i use html5 , flash is forced off . 
  edit : with repro attempts i 've been doing now i noticed it 's better to reopen the video tab like 10 times until is reproduces itself instead of waiting for video to start flickering . 
  it pretty much always repro 'd after 2-5 tab reopens . 
  just add some non-directional lights along the seams in the ceiling and ship it . 
  quantifying performance boost might be a good idea to quell reddit drama queens who are suddenly obsessed with looks when most relevant players use potato settings anyway . 
  as someone , who spent like hundreds of hours in [ that ut '99 map ] ( http://www.redfactionview.net/screenshots/mapscreenshots/deck16-dm.jpg ) this new biolab instantly reminded me of it .
