  and this is why i always look though all settings in any product i use more or less seriously . 
  been using that option since like 2 months after i started , way less window management , which is already a pain . 
  i love how a single wannabe-celebrity american player is enough reason to shit this whole sub up with irrelevant spam . 
  it 's been less readable than / r/planetside this last week . 
  ours did i think . 
  yeah , stfu or somebody might actually hear about a problem . 
  yes , yes , yes !, 
  how did i not think of this !, 
  i like it . 
  that 's not an intro , that 's a problem showcase . 
  wholly agree . 
  download on demand works pretty well , so it can be about 400mb just to start . 
  wtb anything wearable with the map . 
  nailed it . 
  `` would you like me to help you with something else , sir ? '', 
  `` please rate this interaction at the end of the call , sir . '', 
  i can hear it in her new voice . 
  something something your stuff, 
  now this is a burn !, 
  same , everything is fine in the update except aura whose new sweetish voice i 'll probably have to mute now :(, 
   military experts, 
  * -- who ? 
  * -- ~ ~ top . 
  men . ~ ~ military . 
  experts . 
  and here i was , thinking it 's just a made up cool word . 
   esf hate, 
  lel you do n't even pretend to be objective now . 
  hate on . 
  `` lancers are a shining example of good balance to look up to '' -- / u/rakthar, 
  i 'd rather rage about non-existent sound in this game that once upon a time used to warn you about an incoming air attack , whether as a air vehicle or an infantryman . 
  non-retards wo n't . 
  if you 're not implying you want to win against 3 + esfs attacking simultaneously . 
  all ( most ) drone shortcuts , look them up in settings . 
  ctrl-click stuff to target it . 
  ctrl-shift-q to quickly exit . 
  bittervets will rebind this to ctrl-q . 
  remote reps probably, 
   they came already expecting the clusterfuck because they experienced eve 's . 
  eve ( or most other games ) is way * way * less broken than this game . 
  gamers being entitled or this game being large scale does n't alter the fact that it 's also always been a varying degree of shit . 
   they are working on it, 
  it 's been 4 years . 
  what part of the word * incompetent * do you not understand ? 
  if they can not make their game work then they are incompetent to run it no matter how hard fanboys are trying to make up excuses for them . 
  idgaf whether they have resources or not . 
  they had their resources , they had 4 years , in which the game slowly degraded in both quality and population . 
  their management is incompetent in how they assign their workforce ( e.g. 
  qa ) and in how they schedule stuff ( e.g. 
  9 months of initial development ) . 
  their devs are incompetent in how bugs take years to get fixed , how performance continuously degrades , how fixed bugs repeatedly reappear , how wip stuff from pts gets on live , how we have pink fucking camo , etc etc. 
  edit : and especially , in how billing and depot are regularly getting broken . 
  they ca n't maintain the fucking system that actually gets them customer money / o \\, 
   they literally have the best game engine in the industry for mmofps, 
  considering it 's an average mmorpg engine that this game is shoehorned into , nice joke . 
   and its not that they are incompetent its that game design is fucking haaaaaard . 
  literally nothing i talked about here is about game design . 
  the basic programming and product management is terrible . 
   they dont allocate shit . 
  everyone comes to work everyday and they do their job . 
  they do allocate when they hire and when they decide to make another fucking game ( cough cough , ps2onps4 , cough cough h1z1 ) which they already have too many of . 
   in what way is it average ? 
  in how it performs and how maintainable it is ( not really , judging by how often stuff breaks ) . 
   whats the other engine that does what forgelight does ? 
  what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  we can not compare directly since there are no other similar games . 
  i 'm sure other modern engines can handle similar amount of entities on screen and perform better . 
   please tell me you understand this . 
  ive made it as simple as i possibly could . 
  i 'm not stupid , i know they want their product to be good . 
  but when they ** continuously ** fail to deliver - they are incompetent at running their product and at managing their product portfolio . 
   allocate what ? 
  what is it you think they allocate ? 
  they allocate manpower and resources they have available . 
   id say delivering a battlespace with more player character than any other engine in the business is above average . 
  since we 're talking in general terms , the day before yesterday i was in a fight in eve online and there were 800 players on the field . 
  it worked quite well . 
   if they did they would make games that can do what planetside does . 
  compare ps2 audience with ones of mainstream shooters . 
  it 's a niche game , do n't fool yourself . 
  i 'm sure industry leaders have tech to pull it off , it 's about making the experience accessible for the average fps player . 
   please tell me exactly what they are mismanaging, 
  outsourcing qa to players . 
  making ps2onps4 . 
  making h1z1 . 
  making construction instead of fixing the core game . 
  dedicating too little time to develop the initial game and too little resources to maintain it and channeling those resources into wrong places . 
   i hop on and the largest battles i get no less than 30 fps, 
  this is a pc fps game . 
  the moment you dip below 60 frames , you 're doing bad . 
  not even mentioning stuttering , freezes and all other shit we 're having on and off . 
  if having < 60fps is fince for you , please do address all of the following :, 
   their devs are incompetent in how bugs take years to get fixed , how performance continuously degrades , how fixed bugs repeatedly reappear , how wip stuff from pts gets on live , how we have pink fucking camo , etc etc. 
  edit : and especially , in how billing and depot are regularly getting broken . 
  they ca n't maintain the fucking system that actually gets them customer money / o \\, 
  what 's wrong with mouse and keyboard ( except that it works poorly with vr , i imagine ) ? 
   who is better equipped to do qa than players ? 
  hiring people to do qa is extremely wasteful . 
  wow , you 're actually retarded . 
  thanks for clearing that up .
