  also ( daily reminder ) this is not infantry side , at least not completely . 
  how dare you suggest ( buffed ) flak armor to honourable infantry side masters . 
  so all it took was a av turret nerf for reddit to start saying that invisible invulnerable killers are fine . 
  / sigh, 
  never let realism get in the way of game mechanics . 
  unless realism is the main point of your game . 
  i 'm pretty tired of this popping up every other week . 
  everyone is talking about different ice forms and they are right of course . 
  but more ` real life ' and less sciency answer would be that it 'd rip your steel ball apart ( well , depending on how strong it is ) , probably somewhere around the welding point . 
  it does that to pipes every winter . 
  that 's true . 
  i live in a shithole in russia and i get 20mbps up and down for 680rub ( ~ $ 20 ) a month . 
  also a static ip ( for personal needs ) for 100rub ( ~ $ 2.5-3 ) a month . 
  ... should be scaled down to 2-3 times a day max . 
  aaand ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  i for one * hate * redeploy hopping , so this seems somewhat better . 
  i approve of this product and/or service . 
   the ground-only players are being incredibly vocal and none of the soe devs fly , if you do n't help to bring some sense to these balance `` discussions '' you might regret it !, 
  aaaaaand ... they 're discussing buffing skyguards . 
  1 . their, 
  it 's most probably less or same . 
  get an esf and learn to fly , especially when your friends tell you that it 's fun and you can learn from them . 
  get a job and a new pc that does more than 20 fps . 
  that 's just your opinion . 
  imo all of those bases are awesome , except the onatha one . 
  or la all the way if you do n't want to die of boredom ... :p, 
  again , opinions . 
  i bought them for certs ;\\, 
  still trying to use them once in a while but they suck . 
  also they wo n't suck less after the pods nerf . 
  people have seen the `` sledgehammer '' and generally bad balancing too many times now , they do n't want to wait just to see it again . 
   wrong . 
  they do n't feel entitled to be able to skill libs . 
  they just want a fighting chance without being killed in a single hit . 
  what is this i dont even, 
  you stay far , you stay above , you maneuver , lib dies , the end . 
  esf dies ? 
  well fuck , l2p . 
  says the master of the fly-in-a-straight-line maneuver . 
  it 's simultaneously `` damn , stop being so bad '' and `` heh , at least that guy is probably happy , i know i was back then '' , 
  perfect music choice !, 
   this is how i would approach this update :, 
  pretty much this . 
  i 'd add lib resists rollback to the list but otherwise it 's exactly what patchnotes should be . 
  edit : and mag buffs too , although i 'm not sure if they fit in scope of this upcoming patch . 
  objectively you 're right . 
  but the announced changes just scream harasser at you . 
  also they 've said that new dalton speed is 175 m/s which is [ 42 % increase in projectile airtime ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/27kir4/dev_post_details_on_tank_and_lib_changes/ci1t2kf ) . 
  this is horrible . 
  i met that thing this weekend and it 's scary . 
  two of those ? 
  fuck no !, 
  there 's mouse acceleration but you get used to it ( mouse dpi settings help too ) . 
  other than that the more i fly the more i love the controls . 
  especially that they are based on simple application of force in direction opposite to your thrusters . 
  i love this in games , when simple mechanics lead to complicated and skillful play . 
   but this just means you need to lead a more . 
  yeah , sure . 
  also i 'm talking more about a2a libs . 
  well , maybe it 's a sandbox game where people should make use of the tools they 're given in any way they want and feel fun . 
  and please , just do n't even try to claim that a2a dalton is op and should be nerfed . 
   so far i have been able to down 1 lib . 
   the dalton was ok and you just needed to l2p . 
  i 'm sorry , but here 's your problem . 
  i 'm not even good and i have like 70 % odds against a random lib . 
  i always go for them ( if no esfs are around ) and often kill them . 
   anti ground weapon should not be so incredibly effective vs esf 's / liberators, 
  it 's not * incredibly effective * against any esf pilot who does n't have his hands up his ass . 
  there was a guy here that works in the air-engineering-something field and he said that they 're actually behaving similar to helicopter ( except for their magic thrust/lift source of course ) . 
  i tried to find his post with explanations and ca n't :\\, 
  well that 's what i said . 
  the amount of missing the point has been off the charts recently . 
  tldr :, 
  hurr durr i can not into this unusual and somewhat more realistic control scheme and therefore it 's bad, 
   do i have to bring up my fucking essay again ? 
  hey , i found you and that post  wanted to link to it on several occasions and could n't find it . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with aircraft controls and physics ? 
   tell me how cool it is that an esf pilot , which supposedly counters libs , needs  50 hrs of practice to dream of engaging a good lib crew . 
  since the nerf announcement this sub has suddenly turned delusional about esf problems against libs . 
  i * suck * against esfs . 
  i kill 70 % + of the libs i encounter . 
   i choose to believe that soe does in fact understand that the community at large is not ok with their plans, 
  except , as you can see , the infantryside mob ( which is the majority ) would like to see lib turned into an xp pinata . 
  preferably followed by all other vehicles . 
  * all hail the small arms !, 
  the only fair way to play !, 
   the harasser is now in a good place after a series of small buffs following the nerfhammer , so i guess that is n't such a bad way of doing things . 
  it 's still pretty much made of paper and has no purpose other than farming infantry , and even then it dies very easily . 
   but no , bad players do n't want to learn how to aim , move and position . 
  so they use vehicles . 
  this is actually really fucking funny . 
  please continue spewing nonsense . 
  also i never defended he farmers . 
  my name is \u0421\u0430\u0448\u0430 too and my non-russian friends always pronounce sasha as it 's supposed to sound ( well , almost ) . 
  as a russian : any particular reason for single \u0434 in \u0440\u0435\u0434\u0438\u0442 ? 
  overview is a set of data that is represented as, 
  a table . 
  edit : again , you can do it with some star citizen like ui , leave only brackets with data in tooltips or some shit , but would you really want to ? 
  people who poke fun at ` spreadsheets ' are usually clueless noobs who know nothing about small scale pvp , manual piloting or metagame aspects of the game .
