  and just have it as a permanent kill-log on second monitor ( or in background ) . 
  yes , always activate damage control . 
  lol i knew something was off, 
   nine years at worcester crown court in 2012 for malicious wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . 
  bodily harm ??? 
  he slit her fucking throat , usually that means an intent of * murder * . 
  w t f, 
  itt : iwin button is balanced . 
  ** hey ccp , can you spot a problem here ? 
  that reads almost like `` reason : fuck you '' . 
  i hope i never get to deal with this cause going through all the headache of interacting with support just to know the actual ban reason is retarded . 
  what 's more retarded is that people generally replace common sense with pitchforks when they see a `` banned '' thread . 
  hence downvotes and claims that this fuck-all-of-a-message is actually reasonable . 
  like , can you people gather enough sense to acknowledge that a simple `` eula ** ( section x.y.z ) ** violation '' would be a lot better ? 
  properly defended shielded sunderer is very difficult to take out without overpopping defenders . 
  especially in smaller fights , it just becomes stupid op . 
  drones were shit ( completely unusable as major weapon system ) for a long long time . 
  they were buffed because players asked for it but were buffed on too many things simultaneously ( projection , introduction of damage mods and t2 support mods , buffs to domi and others ) . 
  this made them into the current op state . 
  it 's weird . 
  same fight that you streamed ( lxq ) , jumped in - 40 fps top settings , all brackets . 
  docked-undocked - 2-5 fps , as it was on your stream . 
  gpu @ 7 % load . 
  turning brackets off completely did n't do anything . 
  tried disabling post processing and shadows - nothing . 
  flipped everything off in the effects settings ( except explosions , also drone models and shake are always off ) - and got 40 fps back but i 'm not sure if that was n't the result of fight ending at that moment ( but i think the most likely reason is still somewhere in the effects ) . 
  when fleets warped off station - turned everything ( except shake and drone models ) back on , still good fps . 
  i 've never gotten 2 fps in eve on this pc . 
  not even in 2k + locals with high settings and all brackets . 
  something definitely broke . 
  i 've had this problem with other releases , thankfully not this huge one . 
  hope they fix it . 
  they are ewar immune after all . 
  do we really need another pistol atm ? 
  oh right , sc . 
  assignment itself * is not * a problem here . 
  the application of all modules ( this was changed sometime ago ; drone mods and some skills did n't affect fighters ) is . 
  those bonuses must be scaled back for assigned fighters . 
  yes , let 's remove another thing that gives capitals at least some purpose and flavor . 
  yeah , just sit inside a pos and be a 100b jump bridge , way better . 
  also , if you do n't know , fighters were awful before the changes to the way drone bonuses apply to them . 
  the only thing they were useful to assign for was structure bashing and ratting ( somewhat ) . 
  so assignment is not the problem , and removing another ability from the most sp and isk heavy ships in the game is retarded . 
  so reduce bonuses that assigned fighters get ? 
  why remove a unique mechanic ? 
  this is exactly how i feel about my understanding of the weak force . 
   i know many ace pilots who 've quit all together because of how terrible the airgame has become . 
   nah , if you fought air as you should and not farm infantry , you 'd have nothing to complain about . 
  this fucking logic . 
  no matter what pilot talks about , butthurt ground peasant will always start talking about a2g farm . 
  so the problem with air fights is too many a2g . 
  got ya . 
   they are n't gon na kill you . 
  well they do . 
  esfs are very fragile . 
  even few flak hits can finish you off or tip the scales into your opponent 's favor . 
  all from a hex away . 
  jesus christ , this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  nobody said anything about g2a lockons . 
  and this happens in every fucking a2a discussion , some mad infantry player suddenly starts talking about a2g/g2a and g2a lockons . 
  stop reacting with mad threads on reddit to some idiots who sent you tells . 
   grow up . 
   cyberbullied, 
  this word is so retarded i 'm afraid it 'll give me cancer every time i see it . 
  if they hurt your so much - there 's the ignore option . 
  also , using gamebreaking aimbot weapons that soe still did n't fix just because they do n't give a fuck and then complaining about reactions is dumb . 
  basically do n't spit in our face and we wo n't spit back . 
  seems like a fair deal . 
  i want this just because it will distribute the load during alerts . 
  currently the alert continent is usually lagged the fuck out . 
   friendly liberator, 
   friendly mbt, 
  i was following a friend somewhere in the tawrich area . 
  did n't have any idea where i was , where anything was , and just followed the advice to always keep moving to not get sniped . 
  lasted surprisingly long , probably due to the fact that battle has gone farther forward . 
   my lightning explodes but i was able to get out . 
  i jetpack to the other side of the sundy plant a c4 and finally blow it up with me . 
  ~ ~ filthy suicide bail-assault . ~ ~, 
   the experts will just increase the skill level higher, 
  yeah right because they need it to be even harder . 
  people who do n't fly paired with clueless devs will continue to wreck the airgame ( whatever left of it ) , with ideas like removing reverse maneuvers , more autoaims etc. 
  you forgot ap vanguards . 
   lppa : something something volatile plasma ca n't hold it 's shape for long , dissipates after 300m . 
  it 's so funny you specifically say 300m because if they * actually went and fixed * the increased rendering distance bug this would n't even be mentioned . 
  just ... lol , dbg , just lol . 
  not a fan of removing ai capabilities opinions , other than that - 10/10 suggestions . 
  complains about gank squads @ advocates for tomcats, 
  somebody , quick , make this a meme . 
  while i 'm laughing too damn hard . 
  greater variety of oneshotting an enemy esf by looking in their general direction for 10 seconds . 
  becasue there is no tank to tank lockon ? 
  because existing lockons do n't deal 40 % of tanks hp in a single hit ? 
  because a tank is not exposed to attacks from any possible directions without any cover ? 
  it helps a lot to aim in esfs . 
  i feel you man . 
  solo pvp : not even once . 
  it 's pretty pointless for a line member that has brainpower to move his/her income outside of ratting anomalies . 
  moons , ( super ) cap production , outposts for production etc are major benefits but they generally benefit only leadership/alliance as an entity . 
  also name on the [ map ] ( http://go-dl1.eve-files.com/media/corp/verite/influence.png ) . 
  that orion remark was fucking offensive .
