  not that i agree with that , the game just targets a different audience , looking for more action and less rpg exactly as pointed out above . 
  but this mean yes , the core of the game is different and it 'd need a total redesign and maybe a new game . 
  workaround : login to sc2 , open friend requests , spam click block or reject . 
  wtf is cyber bullying ? 
  the only person butthurt here seems to be you . 
  does this mean that amarr outposts can finally stop being trippy as fuck ? 
  call me again when ccp confirms the same about sov . 
   but then lost interest actually playing and just troll the forums, 
  how typical . 
  fuck that guy . 
  otherwise a mildly interesting post . 
  i feel so bad . 
  every time . 
  i wonder , can you buy a hard drive for bitcoins ? 
  so i sold my gear and i ca n't play the game now . 
  wat do ? 
  it doesnt show up on live vr either . 
  real people inside vr show up though . 
  yep , every 1.5-2hrs . 
  seems like they 're running out of 32bit address space again . 
  terribad . 
  that is all . 
  get into an inty . 
  assign fighters . 
  blap . 
  no more resource denial . 
  that 's just one way out of many . 
  example of an alt-less way :, 
  make a 80-150k spot with an inty . 
  switch into snipe ship of your choice . 
  align & watch local . 
  blap . 
  what a useless fucking module all purpose of which is to justify a bounty nerf . 
  waste of dev time designing that clusterfuck of rules too . 
  i think i would 've preferred just the nerf alone . 
  with a mandatory low-level heavy assault inside . 
  i personally always choose light assault , the mobility + c4 is just awesome . 
  all the other classes i use situationally : infil if i really need to sneak or hack a terminal , engi when i 'm going to use a vehicle or need tank mines , heavy when i need to shoot something with a missile , and medic when i need to res my friend in a max . 
  it 's a game , get over it . 
  i 'm sorry but this game is n't called infantryside . 
  not yet at least . 
  let 's see ... i 'm in a vehicle that costs a lot of resources , is on a cooldown and has like 7000 + certs in it and also requires most skill to operate . 
  i 'd say 10 people just pressing lmb on their regular stock guns should n't kill me unless i fall asleep in one place . 
  now add just a couple of * 250 cert * lock-ons to the mix and my chances already sunk quite a bit . 
  on tank-camped towers , if they allow you to run out of 3rd floor - just suicide run them with la+c 4s . 
  i sometimes get 10-15 tanks before our base falls . 
  while others try to run out of the spawn room into 5 maxes . 
  works pretty much only on towers though . 
  eve is very different . 
  if you compare a tank to , say , a battlecruiser - in eve you have ~ 1-2hours of a tedious boring activity invested into the ship and its fittings . 
  which you lose irreversibly when killed . 
  losing stuff in eve is infinitely more significant then in ps2 . 
  what you 're talking about are skillpoints which are like certs that you gain over real time and allocate into the skill you 're currently training ( allowing you to use something/use it better ) . 
  you only lose skillpoints if you 're stupid or if you were killed in a certain ship class ( t3 strategic cruiser ) . 
  truth hurts . 
  making ? 
  not really any different . 
  porting can be really hard though . 
  very basically , you have to check every place where you assumed the variable to be 32 bit that could actually be 64 bit on that architecture . 
  you also need to get 64 bit versions of all your dependencies and then they can have different behaviors . 
  it 's a long tedious process that 's also prone to causing unexpected and puzzling bugs . 
  sov sucks . 
  eve grunts : explaining every market fluctuation with inflation . 
  i do n't really care much for visuals in games but starting to play as a guy wearing 1940s motorcycle helm felt really fucking stupid . 
  i got used to/forgot about it later , but yeah . 
  i 'm sure the emotional aspect only had impact on the woman . 
  i too need a-type adaptives to tank highsec lvl 4s . 
  russia and wheelchairs are almost mutually exclusive . 
   the budget is enormous and it will be really good track ,, 
  you do n't know how things work here . 
  to everyone blaming the lattice : esamir has it too , and battles are far more evenly spread and diverse there . 
  edit : i especially hate excavation site/quartz ridge . 
  it goes back and forth for days without any noticeable change . 
  new drop pods and squad deploy ( which deploys you hundreds of meters from your squad leader and the battle ) are absolute pieces of shit . 
   if you land in a crappy place with squad deploy , blame your leader . 
  squad deploy always spawns me at our nearest spawn point . 
  squad leader may be a kilometer away . 
  this happened to me too during a bomb run . 
  you were dead all the time , the server was just chewing through all the aoe damage calculations . 
  except i 'm not talking about them here . 
  edit : so you disagree that squad-fucking-deploy should deploy me right next to my squad leader ? 
  i 'm always afraid to see myself in one of those :d, 
  http://i.imgur.com/iylvtej.jpg this one is also awesome . 
  it is work but simultaneously it is the reward because you * create * something of your own . 
  eve is real . 
  everyone burn out at some point , i did too . 
  but it is wonderful while it lasts . 
  god damn you sound like a true grunt in the worst meaning of a word . 
  you make conclusions on things you do n't understand because of lack of experience and proceed to panic ( which is absolutely never a good thing ) . 
   from the shittiest place on earth ( seriously , do n't read kugu ), 
  then again , you probably did n't read eve-ru . com / sigh, 
  iirc cap wrecks yield a ton of t1 salvage mats . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  eve-ru and its politics section specifically is literally people hurling shit at each other . 
  it feels like they do n't clearly see the line between rl and game actions so they 're just outright sperging shit on forums that mostly makes no sense and the only purpose of which is to call your opponent names . 
  kugu is much more chill . 
  obviously people troll but mostly just for fun and everyone realize it . 
  thing rarely go down just to people exchanging insults that they * really mean * . 
  as opposed to eve-ru . 
  my personal opinions ofc .
