  what kind of behaviour ? 
  asking a certain sum that can be acquired with precision of 1 unit of currency ? 
  heh , i did n't think about it from defence pov but i actually entirely agree that logistics need to , well , exist . 
  i actually do feel sad when sundies die in small fights on dead continents ( hossin ) . 
  but i never blame players for killing them ( well maybe somtimes when i was `` angry tilt mode '' ) , they 're just playing the game . 
  like with pre-nerf a2a locks , i just became more and more sad towards the game 's development as years of that mechanic passed by . 
  i do get the point . 
  the point is : you fuckers have to make up a new `` grr ccp '' topic every 36 hours to match your attention spans . 
   complete disaster, 
  complete disaster , as in fixable by adding counters to frigate hordes as most efficient tool to complete the site , and packing the loot into a lockbox . 
  nah , too hard for reddit tantrum-babies , scrap the whole thing . 
   and prevent anyone from running them, 
  so , * emergent gameplay * ? 
   as it is so easy to fix and they still havnt done it just proves my point even more . 
  easy fix justifies removing the whole thing , including the ai and backend systems and stuff ? 
  my problem is you and others like you who constantly shit up / r/eve with a billion of whiny threads drowning out any real content . 
  are you slow or something ? 
  you do n't have to buy any extra packs because the difference is easily negated by using plex market . 
   let the grownups talk ok, 
  sperge away . 
  i have nothing against this particular thread since it 's kinda funny , not repetitive and based on ingame actions/politics . 
  i do downvote the tons of repetitive nonconstructive whining you people generate . 
  constructive ! = only positive . 
  those `` positive feedback only '' threads couple days ago were another example of this asinine whining . 
  ffs , fanfest recordings contain numerous examples of negative feedback , improvements requests , and those do n't even show roundtables . 
  yet you fuckers managed to create a thread called `` positive feedback only at fanfest panels '' or some shit . 
  i guess because there was n't a guy who would run around the fanfest panel stage and scream firefozzie . 
   1 : esfs lolpodding get hammered into the dirt . 
  well if somebody is * that * stationary and unaware while doing a2g they 'll probably get deci 'd in first couple of minutes . 
  no i have n't been to vegas due to living in a different part of the world ( see flair ) , 
  i do n't suppose somebody restricts discussions at meeting with ccp so either people there did n't have anything more critical to say or were too shy to say it . 
  i do n't think ccp should be blamed for that . 
  did you submit a bug report pointing out a particular blueprint ? 
  hi switzerland fans !, 
  if you do n't mind i decided to share some of the pictures i 've taken during my visits . 
  they may not be of best quality but may still offer some interesting and beautiful views . 
  i hope you 'll enjoy them , 
  this one was taken close to the end of the hike near chamm , looking towards the s\u00e4ntis massif . 
  it 's actually a 3x3 panorama made using google camera on nexus 5 . 
  quality is not the best as i said but i love how this picture conveys a sense of scale and openness . 
  / close thread , gas op, 
  \\  * muh feelings are hurt * :'(, 
  who is attempting to play me ? 
  pls point . 
  you seem very upset about ( not ) owning access to an alternative texture file in a niche video game . 
  did somebody break your toy cars when you were a child ? 
  there are literally no points in that wall of tears except `` gim me ! '', 
  should do the same for incursion loot then . 
  this lol . 
  both literally and figuratively . 
   not addressing that problem, 
   obviously the price is n't the only balance concern about a ship group as prominent and diverse as pirate battleships , and other factors such as the strength of upwell structure energy neutralization weapons contribute to the dominance of the machariel in particular . 
  however after giving this situation some thought internally and engaging in plenty of community discussion through venues such as fanfest and the csm , we agree that price should be the target of the first set of changes . 
  and it 's been like this for something like half a year now . 
  will accept stuff ... for safekeeping . 
  `` a company did some rebalancing and made reddit cry for a day '' - yep , totally see these articles being written as we speak . 
  as much as i hate these manchildren-worthy tantrums that / r/eve is having with increasing frequency , ccp had it coming . 
  as it was with the original summer of rage , the `` triggers '' are only a symptom , without a cause these changes/mistakes ( even carrier change , dumber of the bunch ) would n't result in nearly as much drama . 
  and the cause back then was lack of development of the space game and right now it is lack of core systems development . 
  not doing shit about sov and citadels for more than year did this , ccp . 
  i 'm pretty sure if we had a couple of careful iterations on those systems we would see much healthier atmosphere around here . 
   can get bridged, 
   killed by jumpaids, 
  can you post more dumb shit pls ? 
  i 'd happily take 1h and some minutes more fatigue than burn 10 ( or more , usually ) gates back after an op . 
  if you jump carriers onto a 10m objective ? 
   third - what , exactly , is the problem with a large money supply ? 
  what are the effects ? 
  that people can buy more ships , cheaper , and faster ? 
  google inflation , you wo n't believe what happens next !, 
  man , these reddit experts . 
  there are no solutions to this otherwise a bunch of people would n't be stuck with flickering videos . 
  i know we had deflation for a long time but since ccp explicitly mentioned being wary of increase in isk-printing i 'd rather trust them than random reddit experts . 
  and i would n't like isk in my wallet to depreciate at 1 % / month or something , so i like them keeping an eye on possibility of inflation increase . 
  well it 's broken for me on both linux + intel and windows + nvidia setups , so that 's interesting . 
  also my friend has it on a different windows + different nvidia setup . 
  and i suspect some people just do n't notice it because it really becomes visible on videos with straight lines , like recordings of static interfaces . 
  isk is introduced when ships are destroyed ( see : insurance ) . 
  how ` bout you biomass your chars first ? 
  i wish i could see actual screenshots of player doing this , would be a good laugh . 
  annoyed at these manchildren and having nothing to do . 
  and i actually like most of the changes . 
  i am annoyed at ( lack of ) long term development of sov and citadel vuln mechanics though . 
  but i try to convey that as an adult . 
   making less of a fucking chore to bash and blow up citadels would be a damned good start . 
  destruction of player-build goods does n't act as an isk sink , in general . 
   ccp should come up with ways of making people more willing to sink the isk they 're earning . 
  remember the tantrum this place had when they increased market taxes ? 
  i do . 
  buying mods ( or anything played-made ) is not a sink ( except for tax ) . 
  ok so destruction does n't act as a sink and acts as a faucet for t1 ships , so it 's a net faucet . 
  i did n't say destruction is bad , it 's one of the main metrics of the health of the game . 
  i simply pointed out that increase in destruction does nothing to combat inflation , a popular misconception . 
  like , i do n't know , data on * every * `` tick '' happened in the game ? 
  you people went fullest retard , telling the stats guy his stats are wrong . 
  can a rattlesnake outtank a carrier ? 
   the fact that a rattlesnake can now out dps a carrier should be proof enough that you totally fucked over the ** pvp side of this game **, 
  ghost training is n't an isk faucet . 
  pls gib, 
  add a griffin to the carrier 's side too then .
