  what about not gambling your time away ? 
   what they did was developed high-explosive lenses to compress a solid ( and later hollow ) sphere of fissile material to high densities ( around 2.5 x the original densities ), 
  correct . 
  this is possible because plutonium undergoes a phase change caused by crystalline structure change . 
  this leads to density increase and criticality . 
  passive aggressive bullshit wo n't help your cause . 
  does this have any kind of proof at all ? 
  or is it still a case of `` my friend heard that his friend heard '' ? 
  can an officer ( not the creator ) set the outfit decal ? 
  never stop poasting . 
   did n't even know we had earthquakes in switzerland, 
  i also thought there were no earthquakes and the region was dormant in terms of seismic activity . 
  then i experienced one in st. gallen in summer 2013 . 
  did n't remember any shaking but it was one of the loudest bangs i 've heard . 
  those pops :( i think i 'd just uninstalled at that point . 
  in my new days i used to rep stations and even pos structures with 8 rep apoc ... , 
   no all that means is new pilots might actually get a chance to fly instead of the constant ganking by career pilots . 
  yeah right , 2 a2am gank squads that controlled each a whole continent yesterday say otherwise . 
  not everybody . 
  high graphics are fine as long as you have good fps . 
  you just need to get used to it and maybe drop * some * stuff . 
  how do you get hooked in the first place ? 
  genuine question , i decided to try wow for the first time this new expansion and it turned out to be a boring grind , and i played with friends , not solo . 
  still waiting for it to redeem itself with new ( and non-lfr ) raids but my hopes are low at this point . 
  all mbt ai secondaries need a buff . 
  did you try launching the bin/exefile . exe ? 
  because launcher is very glitchy under wine ( especially < 1.7 ) . 
  i have these libraries configured : http://i.imgur.com/iz1hbu6.png ( installed with winetricks iirc ), 
  i also launch it in virtual desktop . 
  other than that it worked pretty much out-of-the-box even on a mediocre work pc with integrated video even under wine 1.4 ( ubuntu 12.04 ) . 
  never have i though that i will ever see ` oasa ' in the news . 
  next up : omist . 
  finally , an agent jayz video !, 
  were you at the enemy warpgate or something ? 
  when they shoot me only with the nosegun i either live long enough ( really long actually ) to get aa support or find cover or eventually shoot them down . 
  actually this video includes 3rd person coyotes which i find ironic . 
  it seems to be an unpopular opinion but if members rat during ctas it leads to more members doing that , more members thinking it 's okay to sit out ctas in anomalies , bad discipline and `` carebearisation '' . 
  if you really need to rat due to isk constraints - log off , wait out until it 's finishing or at least is far away , and rat then . 
  all is my personal opinion based on experience . 
  idk maybe xix policy on this is shit but i believe it is a right thing . 
  edit : another thing is that before deployment/general war you 're expected to have stockpiled some of your main format ships and isk . 
  link is broken . 
  goddamn , this stream of irrelevant opinions needs to stop soon . 
  this is great actually . 
  but you can continue telling pl what they can or can not do . 
   attacking inferior forces and winning : do n't expect a fucking medal . 
  i do n't see anyone asking for a medal , only the ~ inferior force ~ asking for special treatment . 
   you do understand that for every person in hero complaining about dumb shit like this there are another hundred who are n't bothered in the slightest right ? 
  that does n't matter though because this is mostly how you represent your alliance at reddit . 
  it becomes your image if majority of the brave posts are crying even if they are just random shitposts . 
  i like reverse much more . 
  fog sucks , it just makes the picture `` soapy '' and uninteresting . 
  rhox does stream sometimes : http://www.twitch.tv/rhoxxx/profile, 
  yep . 
  also , before this one , 2 random videos , one with a fleet fight ( goons i think ) and some guy solo pvping in a megathron . 
  and also at7 recordings . 
  i did n't understand shit and it only made it more interesting , 
  revelations ii is the second one after the recent `` the is eve '' trailer . 
  it was pretty much the best for me for all those years . 
  unpopular opinion :, 
  i actually like prequels as much as i like the original trilogy . 
  also , what 's with the hate for double-bladed lightsabers ? 
  i think they appeared in the lore much earlier than the phantom menace . 
  about esf versatility thing ... 
  i think it needs to be toned down in a way that esf is * strictly * in either a2g or a2a loadout , no mixes . 
  but the a2g loadouts should stay . 
  they are just too much fun to remove . 
  just my opinion of course . 
  yes . 
  maybe make it a bit quieter because your voice is more clear with it . 
   claims to be valid xhtml 1.0 but is actually not ? 
   errors found while checking this document as xhtml 1.0 transitional !, 
  u literally w0t m8, 
   5 relic sites are likely to give a total of 250-500m isk . 
  i just started trying this hacking minigame thing . 
  apparently i 'm doing something wrong :d ( probably botching half of the hacks due to low-ish skills and no clue at what i 'm doing ), 
  though man , it is fun to do something new in the game even after nearly 5 years . 
  actually , a couple of questions if you do n't mind :, 
  1 are data sites worth it ? 
  2 faction sites in wh space : are they different from k-space ones ? 
  good ? 
  3 sleeper sites that are doable in a covops ? 
  perhaps there 's a wiki with their descriptions/tips ? 
  everyone is saying archon which is really weird . 
  it of course depends on the reason why you 're buying it . 
  but in phoebe it most probably will be home defenses and structure repping . 
  which means nid : dual reps and good bonuses . 
  reddit upvoting personal attacks just because someone likes a different movie . 
  edit : reading this whole thread the amount of hate for people , actors , makers is quite literally disgusting . 
  it 's a fucking movie , jesus christ . 
   phantom menace has been proven to be dogshit . 
  by no one less than british scientists i 'm sure . 
  fuck off , not everyone likes what you do . 
  i an a couple of my ex-eve friends noticed that this begins to apply to all games . 
  we instantly look for stuff to exploit , it becomes natural . 
   i understand you people are frustrated , but they ppa was really shitty on the receiving end . 
  like the vulcan a year ago and the striker 1\u00a01/2 years ago . 
  overnerfing things because they were op is not a correct way of balancing . 
  it 's not even balancing at all if it 's fueled by taking revenge kinda thoughts . 
   they are playing with players below their weight,
