  do crystals give bad lp rate now as well ? 
  ccp said that giant = better for citadel release . 
  idk why , it would make more sense to keep to present scaling . 
  but now we get faxs that clip inside station hangars and consume all camera space . 
   people, 
  top . 
  men . 
  sorry , i had to . 
  i 'm fucking sick of dying to 5 br 40s making potshots from 150m , 2 of which manage to body shot me just as i reach cover . 
  good solution . 
  keep skilled headshots in , get skillless random bodyshots after 3-4 misses out . 
  i too use depleted uranium when building houses . 
  because all of those take half your hp at 150m and are used by class that has cloak and wallhack ? 
  nice analogy . 
  i know that but i imagine opening a window once a week mitigates the issue , 
   the cloak can easily be seen by anyone, 
   at 150m, 
   the `` wallhack '' that has a minimap marker to make it easily avoidable ? 
  i too avoid spotters by redeploying from the entire base that is covered by 2 of them . 
  another pointless poll to farm page views . 
  now imagine there are 10 such guys . 
  that 's just like your opinion , man . 
  because lucas is literally hitler . 
  5th dda be like `` i 'm helping ! '', 
   one was killed while safe-logging to avoid being bumped, 
  i have a tangent question here . 
  how can citadels replace poss if you can be bumped while tethered ? 
  why did ccp decide to get rid of force fields ( that also serve as clear marking for safe zone ) ? 
  all methods of pos bowling were declared exploits while citadels simply do nothing to prevent it . 
  edit : oh , u / worsethanyou20 mentions that it 's wip . 
  okay then , although it kinda shows the hectic state of user documentation on citadels . 
  that 's quite expensive . 
  also needs a top-end gpu . 
  what data ? 
  what creepy things do advertisers do ? 
  [ meanwhile in reality . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/4pa3op/right_now_cobalt_is_full_of_cheaters_this_guy_was/ ), 
  to me it says `` we will share your cheats with game devs and all other games covered by us '' . 
  what do you think they can realistically log that 's worth selling ? 
  wow you sound so professional and educated in it security . 
  i better go uninstall right now before it eats my system32 . 
   licensor stores all information collected by battleye on servers located in europe and/or the us . 
  licensor may share the information with its partners and/or affiliates . 
  that 's just legal wording for `` we will tell all of our partnered devs that you cheated and how you did it '' . 
  eulas always contain this kind of blanket statements as defence from possible liability . 
  and that 's creepy ? 
  the logout button just restarted the client . 
  it 's still there if you use exefile instead of launcher to start eve . 
  `` an automated system analysed shopping data on large scale and figured out what women buy 3 months before they buy stuff for newborns . 
  you wo n't believe what happens next ! '', 
  as a programmer , this is totally expected and normal and for some reason everybody freaks out . 
  maybe people should apply more thinking and less screaming to this topic . 
  i did n't use chrome a lot but what i do notice with vivaldi , is that the process running the [ vivaldi app ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hhi5pjh.png ) gradually consumes more and more cpu . 
  it can reach as high as 14 % permanent load , which translates to 1 + full core of my 4770k @ 4.4 ghz which is ** a lot ** considering it consumes almost nothing after restart . 
  looks like some kind of resource leak to me . 
  maybe devs could look at this ? 
  sorry for reporting like this , i 've been meaning to send a bug report but did n't have time . 
   fun gameplay mechanic, 
   kill 1 rat, 
  i 'm kinda bittersweet right now . 
  all that drama and arguing , and then they implemented it anyway just to remove it a month later . 
  well , at least they killed it sooner than later . 
  news at 11 : vaal cycloning a whole shrine of mobs in a beyond map always has and will cause fps drops . 
  i do n't see op complaining about his performance here . 
  plenty of mad potato users though . 
   it made me login everyday even when i did n't want to . 
  and you consider this `` good '' ? 
  no other vivaldi process does this , just the app one . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ydb0wvo.png this is after ~ 4h of light use ( low activity , not many sites , no twitch/flash ) . 
  is there a real example of eu not being democratic ? 
  the only ones i 've seen spoke about officials appointed by nations ' parliaments which is like saying that parliamentary democracy is not a democracy and direct is the only true one . 
  this is the most stupid argument you could pull for overshields . 
  `` let 's make this easymode ability to help new players ( as if making crutches for new players is a good idea to begin with ) . 
  surely no experienced players will abuse it . '', 
  the next thing you 'll say is that a2a lockons are balanced . 
  infantryside does n't agree apparently . 
  i for one welcome our new bail assault overlords . 
  seriously though i see no way i 'll continue to fly as engi with this in the game . 
  but * muh useless phoenix !, 
   i ca n't see how people think nc maxes are op , they 're horrible outside of 10m . 
  nc av maxs are certainly not horrible outside 10m . 
   most fights are within 10m . 
  most av fights are definitely not within 10m . 
   sure , feign ignorance . 
  but you know full well this is the argument about nc max shotguns . 
  i thought the argument is about rocklet rifle . 
   for la 's they are, 
  not with yet another nc guided weapon . 
  the time between first shot and 0 hp was less than 2s . 
  that surely would 've saved me from point and click aoe . 
  i actually noticed it instantly ( < 0.5 s ) but did n't expect literally all turrets to be manned . 
  i did try to pull up at the end when sound became too threatening . 
  glancing at my hp i realised i was already dead . 
  also please note that i 'm not arguing flak to be op here ( although it could use some range reduction ) , i 'm merely pointing out how stupid calls to buff flak are ( regularly seen on this sub ) . 
  apparently my title was n't clear enough ( or , who am i kidding , everybody downvotes a2g ) . 
  some dudes decided that test staging was a good target for capital roaming fleet . 
  ping includes latency in it . 
  i think we broke it . 
  no email here . 
  some people do n't log in every 24h to notice the extraction .
