   so good pilots are not actually mad about lockons , they are mad cause lockons ruin their farm of mediocre pilots, 
  this narrative is getting old . 
   lock ons are fine , it forces inexperienced pilots to fly in group to keep aces away from them , who would other wise chew them up and force them from the air game . 
  so tell me , what stops me and my friend from equipping those `` fine '' weapons and forcing every shitter out of the air on the whole continent ? 
   obviously you suck, 
  obviously you 're full of shit . 
   and i do fly, 
  profile link ? 
   they are only useful grouped . 
   let be realistic . 
   hope the plex drops, 
  greatest business process , ever . 
  they are n't rmt , people just like to imagine they are . 
  fuck off with your generic space planes , we 've got enough already . 
  light assault , dude . 
  that spot is often fun . 
  even without an ssd eve in one of the faster loading games . 
  stealth for av flanking . 
  this site is actually awesome , with interactive and realtime charts, 
  ra has had a complete turnaround in their membership so many times now that i 'm not sure that there 's even a single person who participated in the original c-j siege at this point . 
  it 's just another system at this point . 
  and ra is just a name which ownership and representation has changed far too many times . 
  another example : the latest release of eve online that among other things completely changed the ui rendering and ship texture rendering and also introduced a new way of controlling ships and also a new ship with completely new `` switchable modes '' mechanic . 
  http://community.eveonline.com/news/patch-notes/patch-notes-for-rhea ( scroll to 1.0 for the release itself ), 
  the followup hotfix patches ( also in the link ) lasted for a week and were mostly minor fixes, 
  zkb does n't generate `` brs '' , it generates a clusterfuck of a page with ships and lossmails . 
  if both parties are stationary - yes . 
  every banshee and even ( still ) ppa thread is downvoted because buttmad infantry . 
   if you ca n't kill a guy with forty banshee rounds, 
   forty, 
  so basically newer players have an ai weapon that is not ( realistically ) capable of making a single kill with one unupgraded mag . 
  so banshee basically costs 2k certs ( the gun and the mag size upgrades for it to actually work ) . 
  ~ balance ~, 
  i just rewatched the movies and noticed that gambon played dumbledore quite alright in general , but in the 4th one he just went full retard . 
  other than that one he 's pretty good i think . 
  not as calm as harris played him , but not as twitchy and crazy as he was in 4th . 
  i remember watching a badly pirated 3rd movie and for 30 minutes i could n't believe that that was actually the real thing . 
  i suppose the did need a global change but damn ... 
  the 3rd one still looks completely out of the whole series . 
  it would 've been much easier transition without that greyish/blackandwhite/sepia shitty filming style . 
  also without retarded out-of-place singing everywhere - that scene of the choir at the opening feast makes me cringe so hard . 
  for this the 3rd movie is actually the only one that i really dislike . 
  i blame the direction for that . 
   i just do n't want to reprise my role as hermione ... i 've done this whole thing for too long, 
  yeah ... you made that up . 
   `` i do n't know yet , '' watson told newsweek when asked about returning for the sixth film , harry potter and the half-blood prince . 
  `` every film is such a huge production , and it 's a long time . '', 
  clearly it was a time issue considering what people said here about her exams and studying vs. production schedule . 
   if emma watson 's eyebrow olympics were n't enough to get her fired, 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the movies are just a side-moneyproduct for the books . 
  i ca n't even imagine how shitty they must look for an adult non-reader . 
  heh ... i wish 3 never happened as it did . 
  and shitty singing everywhere . 
  i run rtst and fraps with x64 ps2 , it started working fine with new rtst version quite long ago now . 
  rtst 6.2.0, 
  / r/infantryside, 
  well of course it 's a scythe . 
  it takes a lot less damage from ramming . 
  i have actually never got a ragetell while flying anti air . 
  plenty from a2g farming . 
  it depends on your running ( dodging ) skill and opponents accuracy . 
  but generally if you turn your back on them you 're at severe disadvantage . 
  you need to be near warpgate or a fuckton of friendly airborne or ground aa for running to work . 
  it 's more frustrating because on the ground you have all sorts of terrain that often will save you/improve your positioning against multiple enemies . 
  in the air there 's literally * nothing * to get cover from . 
  that 's why a2a lockons and to some extent big squads are really frustrating . 
  it 's also the thing that the maps can be quite small even for ps2 's slow ( 300kph ) air . 
  due to this 4 pilots with lockons can actuall lock down the entire continent 's air play just by moving all over it and destroying anyone they find . 
  sweet generalizing , that 's so nice of you !, 
  seems the same to me . 
  it started decreasing again . 
  back to t1-2 i guess . 
  hidden changes ftw , soe . 
  just look around this sub , half of the comments on the airgame posts is how infantry players want to shit on every pilot 's day . 
  thanks to soe they have tools to do just that . 
  a side note : gd-7f - what lc2 lynx should have been . 
  the ganking is hilarious , how 's that even fun , especially that wg camp . 
  link a quote ? 
  also , every server is full of shitheads . 
  honestly guys , he would 've died regardless of the fit . 
  i 'd fit an mwd and maybe some cap rechargers , but the rest is whatever . 
  this . 
  always keep debts in check , at zero when possible . 
  credit cards are another level of evil , do n't own them ( not sure how possible is that in america though ) . 
   continue being cunts to the developers and expecting them to somehow respect you . 
  we are paying customers . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm not talking about being a cunt per se , more about that we do n't need the dev team to respect us ( what ?!, 
  ) , we need their bloody game to work . 
   they 're young :, 
  yes, 
   they can be excused . 
  no fucking way, 
  there are different theories about the `` magic shit '' and what the `` real world '' in that movie really was . 
  in the end there 's no real proof to any , it depends on your interpretation . 
  machines did build zion , ships and all the other stuff for `` woken up '' people but that alone does n't mean that zion is virtual reality . 
  the drop at 2:24 was beautiful . 
  make shields solid both ways . 
  i do come here just to check if there was anything but shitstone .
