  sure , you reduce the time spent farming , but if you think about it - do you really want to reduce your time enjoying the game ? 
  this . 
  i too was sure that i will go to null * later * , right now i need to train that half-year of skills , set up my income through missions . 
  the night when my rl friend said ` stop this bullshit , apply to our corp , and you 're moving right now ' was the best and most defining moment in eve for me . 
  just want to clarify that there 's always a war or a preparation for one . 
  itt people who think one man will ruin the entire company with 10 + years of history . 
   large cap fleets also do n't sound like fun, 
  so you 're just assuming that ? 
  the biggest advantage of caps for me is jump drive . 
  so you can just do this ( saved for good memories ) : [ 1 ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump/thanatos,344/q-tbhw:uemon:tabbetzur:uanzin:farit:arg-3r:grhs-b:ru-pt9:46dp-o ) [ 2 ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump/thanatos,544/1a8-6g:sah-ad:i-1qkl:gc-ltf:77s8-e:jv1v-o:uep0-a ) [ 3 ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/jump/archon,544/1a8-6g:dypl-6:m9-lan:03-or2:y4-gqv:futzchag:t-rpfu ), 
  also , moments like this are pretty fun : http://i.imgur.com/bfatfia.jpg, 
  i clicked the link and my computer lagged out . 
  what is this ? 
  i actually was always curious what their development methodologies were for different products , but could n't find the answer . 
  did they say it was scrum for sc2 ? 
  what about other products ? 
  you probably meant diluting 10 % or 25 % h2o2 with water in 1:1 ratio . 
  50 % h2o2 is quite volatile especially with catalysts around ( e.g. 
  blood ) . 
  why all the grath hate ? 
  that man is pure gold !, 
  the only thing i 'm worried about is his health . 
  to clarify , mp3-4 is about pre-mp inferno ( 1.0.4 ) , a bit more mob hp . 
  that 's the goal of the game , to grind items . 
  items might be relatively badly designed , but if you skip the process altogether then what 's left ? 
   after listening to travis day on archons stream it 's clear they have this us vs them mentality . 
  wait what ? 
  the guy who 's original intent may or may not have been the revenant kill joins pl some months ago . 
  he builds up trust by organizing/leading several ganks using small groups of supers , an activity that is n't unheard of especially for pl . 
  on the kill day he gets about 15 supers into another gank fleet and leads them to bait carriers within bridge range of bl with them having a tornado fleet , a 50 man dread fleet and 50 supers ( on standby ? 
  idk ) . 
  into a system that has verge of collapse hics in it with additional hics bridged later by lowsec alliances . 
  due to supers ' pilots never asking for the destination nor checking the general jump direction nor asking the intelligence guys about current enemy activities - the trap works . 
  fyi your account is still there , if you have access to it or its email . 
  they never delete them . 
  edit : my first reddit gold ? 
  wow ty sir !, 
  no one said anything about microsoft 's * console * . 
  yeah , it 's just sad for me to kill time in planetside 2 instead of dust :\\, 
  now that 's a proper : tinfoil : :d, 
   as the rest of the world, 
  ftfy, 
  i should n't be laughing this hard at night ... 
  i kinda like original colors :p, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-r5j2iub6u this was ( one of ) the first occasion . 
  basically immediately after the dd was changed to be singletarget ray of death . 
  psixozz kahi , one of the best fcs i 've flown under . 
  4y eve experience , never mined . 
  visited highsec in half-year intervals at times . 
  you can , exactly . 
   it wo n't even compile . 
  he 's trying to create a pointer to his length argument by using an ampersand in the function definition . 
  it 's c++ , he passes length as a reference which points to a value but syntactically behaves like a usual variable . 
  why , is a totally different question though . 
  you 're also correct about writing into a null-terminated string being a terrible idea . 
  where are you staying and what would you like to do ? 
  because , for instance , i can enjoy a 10h train ride through the scenery but not everyone will like that , 
  as a general advice : http://sbb.ch/en/ is amazing at giving directions . 
  another shot with the scales that seemed interesting : http://i.imgur.com/ivdmjhg.jpg, 
  edit : nice downvotes guys . 
  any reason ? 
   imagine, 
  after ~ 2 years of non-stop active sov-warfare and structure grinds it implies , excuse me , but i really dont give a fuck . 
  edit : not to say that i hated every moment of it , but , to put it lightly , i dont care for it at the moment . 
  fyi xxdeath is not allied with ra since basically our eviction from drone regions . 
  right now we 're more hostile than neutral ( well as much as i can see from offline ) . 
  just because ` fuck you flickr ' . 
  i 'm using opera but should work in any browser with debugging capabilities . 
  right click - inspect element . 
  there you 'll see an invisible div that covers the img element with a pic url in it . 
  i was surprised it was hidden this easy . 
  edit : oh , i first went to right click - view all sizes - large . 
  there is a problem with game mechanics . 
  lack of diversity . 
  oh my god i 'm not the only one who got this . 
  i intentionally ran through a3 a while back reading every conversation . 
  he always just talked about how my actions are irrelevant and he 'll win anyway . 
  he did n't tell anything i did n't already know by the story . 
   not sure what they 're trying to say . 
  odds are she 's trying to make a friendly conversation . 
  to joke , you know ... assuming the other party has some sense of humor . 
  d3 community : blowing things out of proportions , one thing a week , sometimes more !, 
  some years ago i wanted to be in gamedev industry but i 'm glad i 'm just a ` normal ' programmer now . 
  you ca n't say anything ( semi ) publicly while working on popular game project . 
  your words will be mercilessly searched for hidden meanings and then you will be blamed for the ` findings ' . 
  til everything on social media is a ` statement ' . 
  it 's not an mmo . 
  i thought of the same thing for a while now . 
  always online is supposed to be a bane of d3 but nobody is flipping about poe being online only . 
  you know , drm helped them get this :, 
   diablo iii set a new record for fastest-selling pc game by selling over 3.5 million copies in the first 24 hours of its release , [ 6 ] and was the best selling pc game of 2012 , selling more than 12 million copies during the year . 
  so i do n't think they give a fuck about what you think about their drm . 
  i also kinda understand their point of view . 
  it 's easy you just got ta be not that * emotional * on the matter . 
   i can play multiplayer for 6 hours and not say a word to anyone . 
  i can do that too but i have friends . 
  shocker . 
   you play d3 to earn gold . 
  i play d3 to have fun . 
  other games too .
