   any radioactive dust, 
  is there any though ? 
  i thought the majority of contamination there was in ground/sea water . 
  itt radiophobia and general ignorance . 
   coyote , wolf , or bear comes upon you, 
  right . 
  or your team comes to rescue you . 
  there 's may be problems with air after the patch but there are none in your video . 
  there 's a lot of steps to go from background radiation to cancer . 
  the dude in pictures is fine and probably did n't even need a mask ( i would n't be surprised if he 's donned it just `` for show '' ) . 
  edit : [ radiophobia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radiophobia ) is an actual term fyi , similar to chemophobia , technophobia etc. 
  in chernobyl the entire reactor blew up and then graphite core continued to burn for several days . 
  there was no explosive containment breaches in fukushima , most of radioactivity was leaked with the water . 
   we 've fought long and hard for this, 
  and all we get is a bail assault buff ;\\, 
   ganks even more effective, 
   can not oneclip, 
  u w0t, 
  not when it makes me nauseous , no . 
  lowering sensitivity , actually caring about headshots , not playing when tired/after work . 
  solid plants . 
  canyons . 
  there 's something in between that and whirling though gorges 24/7 , you know . 
   source : born and raised in guatemala before moving to the us . 
  what exactly in your post requires a source ? 
  are people usually expected to make deposit before signing the contract ? 
  as someone who lives in a region with ~ 50 % muslims , you 're the delusional one here . 
  islam and sanity are not mutually exclusive . 
  it 's not the game i fell in love with . 
  what are movement flasks ? 
  at this point game may just give you 1-2c when you put a gorge into map device and hold activate button for a minute or two . 
  it was n't as ugly as current one though . 
  now it looks like a brick . 
  i too like playing la in fights with no spotters . 
  does n't happen often though :(, 
  another mine related one : https://gfycat.com/dismalbiodegradablegnatcatcher, 
  just a hot card ( 770 ) + drivers targeting 80 c as a threshold . 
  fan speed increases only when crossing that temperature . 
  last number for gpu is fan speed % , it usually holds at 50-55 . 
  i can override it and set it at 90-100 % but it sounds like a plane taking off so i trust drivers to set the speed , 
  why you ask ? 
  it only takes up like 100-200mb . 
  if it bothers you so much , install cygwin and do, 
  works way faster than any gui . 
  that 's cache for you , they all look that way . 
  you could stuff all that in some container file format but then you 'd get container work overhead . 
  also there are probably a lot of stale entries in there as shaders get changed/removed/upgraded . 
  clearing those out would also require work at some stage which is why they just sit there since they do n't take a lot of space . 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  who cares ? 
  get off my front page . 
   part of the eu, 
  europe ! = eu, 
  switzerland is certainly a part of europe . 
  idk , most of migros-budget stuff was great . 
  except chocolate , it still tastes kinda good but not as goo as frey and stuff like that . 
  shadows ultra and  55 fps in large fights ? 
  yeah , probably not , regardless of cpu . 
  fyi the downvoted guy is correct and crashes have nothing to do with issues in your op . 
  ( or the game for that matter ), 
  4770k + gtx770 run the game at medium-high settings at 100-140fps for me , occasionally dipping into 50s . 
  burning ground + some tilesets + a lot of effects can tank it into 30s but that 's about as extreme as it gets ( it 's probably focus for optimizations too ) . 
  for the record , i also use ssd . 
  judging by reddit threads the average poe player owns a single 6 year old laptop with video card almost as bad as integrated ones . 
  using a glitch to work around a bug . 
  something something power creep, 
   as a personal note , i make it my point to disable css in any subreddit that `` disables '' downvotes . 
  i use this css with stylish on reddit :, 
  body . arrow.up ,, 
  body . arrow.down ,, 
  body . arrow.upmod ,, 
  body . arrow.downmod {, 
  display : block ! important ;, 
  visibility : visible ! important ;, 
  pointer-events : all ! important ;, 
  and they could afk-tank the trio and then kill it in like 15s ? 
  yes please , i would enjoy flanking to be a thing again, 
  # f e a t u r e p a r i t y, 
  having played bf3 on no spotting , no minimap servers , i would love this . 
   if you use lvl 1 or 2 it will not drain energy unless it 's regening your health, 
  i do n't think so . 
  they do n't use energy when you have biolab bonus ( effectively free passive t2 regen ) . 
  not faster . 
  just do n't need to hold the key . 
  sensitivity advice is really bad . 
  it will fuck your aim up . 
  it also wo n't make you turn faster , only use less table space for mouse . 
  my ping to de and nl is pretty manageable but you mean now i will have the lowest possible for me ? 
  thanks based lord chris !, 
  is it me , or does one shotting entire screens not feel like ` playing melee ' at all ? 
  you 'd think one would split the transaction and not bet 300b in rmt on one 50/50 . 
  the dude did everything right except the part where he 's decided to haul the thing . 
  one . 
  do you see more 300b lossmails around ? 
  besides , the guy posted itt . 
  dx12 differs a lot more from 11 than 11 from 9 . 
  it requires a much more in depth rewrite . 
  grr pilots literally nazi,
