  also , where is `` there '' ? 
  you did n't name the system . 
  if you did , i would 've just opened dotlan and looked at it 's owner ( chances are it 's syn , not xix ) . 
   yer all xdeath there as far as im concerned . 
  ( and the wider eve community id imagine ), 
  do you merge every pet/whatever alliance with it 's overlord/whatever alliance ? 
  did you also consider b0t a part of pl back in the day ? 
  etc etc, 
  i 'm just pretty tired of posts like `` xdeath nyx down '' or whatever when in reality it 's `` some random half-baked alliance nyx down '' ( not implying syn here or any one in particular ) . 
  idk in my experience it allows something like 5-7s where you can activate modules after cloaking . 
  so you do n't even have to be particularly quick ( although you want to be if someone tries to deloak you ) . 
  maybe your connection 's latency or packet loss is high ? 
  that 's agood point actually . 
  the only reason i used high graphics was because thermals worked better with them . 
  how do you die to something you can fully negate ? 
  esf pilot will fuck off before doing anything significant due to retarded amount of long range aa everywhere in this game . 
  shooting at tanks that are n't already engaged by other tanks/at with nosegun is pointless . 
   overshields are f grade ability design . 
  so much this !, 
  people can argue for years about it 's power but the design itself is so * unbelievably * dumb . 
  -- next up on `` balancing with dbg '' : let 's make `` thermals '' highlight nothing but projectiles and trees !, 
  i think they 're good . 
  that 's mlg ha 's main argument right ? 
  they use shield and ha * just * because the game is infested with vehicle splash damage , rrriiight ? 
  right ... i forgot there are other kinds of packages besides java packages , 
  still , would n't they have encountered way fewer problems if they used a proper managed language from the start , like java or c # , for the server ? 
  i guess they could n't predict they 'd need to support 4k players in a system back in 2000 , 
  well , you 're right , i 'm just kinda irritated on the issue . 
  still , that 's actually one of the arguments thrown around by ha players . 
  but somehow when people respond with suggestions of nerfing the shields against infantry and keeping their power against explosives - it 's still a big no-no . 
   i can understand banning third party gambling sites as well but if ccp runs the show there should little chance for issues to arise, 
  i think there 's an even bigger can of legal worms lying there . 
   you can with your nosegun kill the tank before it gets to the frontline themselves ,, 
  unless it , you know , outrepairs your damage . 
  do i have to say it one more time ? 
  ** out . 
  repairs . 
   then you just shoot at them while they repair and that forces them back into the tank, 
  if you 're so close that you 're able to hit infantry with an a2a nosegun - you will get an ap shell to the face . 
   why would you fly within the arc of an mbt 's gun ? 
  have you tried killing infantry with a2a nosegun while also being at range and not within ap 's arc ? 
  hint : it 's very difficult . 
   so should i unlock hornets and become a full air shitter ? 
  ( answer is yes ) . 
  if only out of spite . 
  they are completely inferior to rocket pods . 
  even perfect splash with hornets wo n't do much now and good luck getting direct hits on non-retarded , moving , infantry . 
  and if they have flak 5 - lol . 
  `` a mile '' as in , 300 meters , infantry render range ? 
  hint : even from that distance you wo n't kill much . 
   a2g is haram, 
  as somebody else suggested , delete guns , they tend to kill players and cause tears on reddit . 
  never tried it on scythe but it seems to be much easier . 
  it 's dead . 
  it has no stats after june . 
  so best strategy is to run through the door at an angle , minimizing your time inside the damage zone regardless of mine placement ? 
  sure thing , just as soon as there are no betty and proxy shitters left !, 
  and c4 arx is removed . 
  planetside 2 : the symphony . 
   you are on the ground they are in the air, 
  somehow this is hard for people to grasp . 
   and vice versa hopefully in time too right, 
  except when you spam those into infantry balls . 
  which you can not do with claymore because no 360 aoe . 
  using rooftops ( positioning ) requires a brain . 
  pressing f like it 's a reflex does not . 
  oh , look , an infantryside circlejerk . 
   litreally need to spend a extra second, 
  as a2g you often do not have that extra second . 
  especially when targets do n't render properly . 
  but it remains viable to shit on 12 man fights so i guess it 's all fine vov, 
   this infantry highlighting feature was also a major reason why many new players left after receiving experience of `` being fish in a barrel '', 
  is there any actual proof of this ? 
  or is it the usual `` just think of the children ! '', 
  pulled out of an ass ? 
  so , to reiterate , a2g got even more limited in big fights where it was n't possible to do much anyway , while retaining its power in small fights where it already had pretty bad influence . 
  yep , sounds like a good change . 
  lockons ? 
  i 'd rather all lockons to be made into strikers . 
   give me the proof that it was n't . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you make a statement , you back it up . 
  otherwise you 're just wasting air . 
   these `` kids '' you refer to so derogatory, 
  keep imagining stuff i did n't say or mean . 
  idk , i think it 's pretty likely in the overall direction of the game . 
  i hate circlejerks , thanks . 
  edit : also , -3 within 15 minutes ? 
  nice brigade . 
  how pathetic . 
   so , what proof do you need ? 
  a documentary on new player experience ? 
  a journalist investigation with confessions of a 1000 of former new players ? 
  data analysis report form devs showing how many players left , how many of them were farmed , and then a corresponding questionnaire of all those people where they state that being farmed by ai vehicles was part of reason i left ? 
  a simple , representative , poll would suffice . 
   normally , when presented with a `` proof '' , people like you say `` that is not a proof , give me real proof '' . 
  because anecdotes are n't proof . 
   the thing is , questions like yours do not add anything to discussion . 
  all you added to this ~ ~ discussion ~ ~ circlejerk is a made up statistic whose only purpose is to reinforce said circlejerk 's agenda . 
   but if you ever played this game , and was on both ends of `` thermals-assisted whack-a-mole practice '' - you 'd know what i meant .
