  you know , with those kind of replies i seriously wonder how many people are still on the dev team . 
  it feels like 5-7 , a dozen at best . 
   lockon shit is cheese , but seriously guys , we have so much more cheese to deal with on the ground, 
  you imply that pilots do n't play infantry ? 
  do we have an undodgeable 450 damage lockon sniper rifle on the ground ? 
  because that 's what tomcats are . 
  wow , you must be god-like knowledgeable to spew out precise percentages like that . 
  after 2 years , the amount and steadiness of `` grr pilots , grr air , grr esf '' is getting slightly amusing . 
  example : this thread . 
  looking at all those trapped titan kms i 'm glad i do n't own one anymore . 
  i just wish there was an item mailing system because with my average online of 30m/day i do n't even bother to make a poe.trade thread . 
  eve online and starcraft ii . 
  first is pure shaky adrenaline , second is being in 10 places at once . 
  / u/ghudda i think you 've got an upgrade for that movement speed build , 
  also archer , gatekeeper , several knives , valkyrie weapons and others . 
  quality product . 
  taking down a sunderer solo is very hard if it is defended by at least two people . 
  i think my current loadout might be a better one for this job : rotary + hornets , fs , composite ( arguable ) , hover . 
  flying this till i aurax hornets . 
  as a casual player who traded in two sets of the gamblers since the release , i kinda stopped caring for these . 
  the art is nice i guess . 
  ca n't really justify paying $ 40 for a book with current usd : rub ratio :( international fee is really high for some reason . 
  i wish i could buy a digital version that 's mentioned on kickstarter . 
  you can also use `` client settings '' section in the beta launcher . 
  it can create/copy profiles between servers and import your old settings directory . 
  you seem to care too much about a game . 
  i wonder what the range is and how it works with , say , indar southwest highlands where the ground level is halfway to flight ceiling . 
   my enjoyment may be directly related to my intense hatred for any and all pilots . 
  so that 's you who sits in spawnroom with a burster max while being outpopped 70/30 ? 
  nice to meet you , have an airhammer to the face , 
  lightning : cheaper in both certs and resources ; solo ; more fun ( subjective ) . 
  balance , bugs and performance . 
  spotter * is * op but at least it requires a brain to watch the minimap . 
  shield is a classic pavlov 's dog , `` push button - receive bacon '' . 
  default except exit vehicle ( not an ace though :d ) . 
  i love this fallacy . 
  what does aim have to do with the shield ? 
  every party needs to aim . 
  if we equalize other factors ( level the skill ) , the shield will always win . 
  e : oh yeah , please downvote me for contradicting your flawed logic . 
  that way it 's obvious that you do n't have any real answer . 
  more like `` broken ps2 dreams and wishes abandoned mine '' . 
  why the fuck that was n't in the patchnotes , is n't in the settings menus and this is the first time i see this ? 
  ccp used scrum since 2009 ( check out the old apocrypha release videos ) . 
  jon lander aka ccp unifex was the one who took over after the the whole incarna debacle with the very successful crucible . 
  other than him and seagull though , i ca n't remember anyone else who made leaps of improvement . 
  color me surprised . 
  not . 
  as someone who did n't experience any bugs , except one server/client desync that probably was n't even related , and also experienced a moderate boost to session change performance ( especially in jumps across nodes ) , i disagree . 
  any actual examples ? 
  you know , so we can discuss and not just throw words around . 
  i main logi and i like the changes . 
  except maybe cap , i 'm wary of that for now ( since there 's no eft with changes ) . 
  cap instability can really fuck stuff up , but even then we can fall back to capchain logi , although they are less fun imo . 
  as it happens , logi is a force multiplier , and if you come across one you need to either deal with it or fuck off if you ca n't . 
  also logi are a backbone of virtually every doctrine fleet , so linking a large scale fight is very sensible . 
  so i do n't get what you 're trying to say except `` nerf the things i do n't like '' . 
  how is a logi stronger than a hac ? 
  it is literally the same thing , except it has reps for guns . 
  / u/ccp _ fozzie more fitting choices ? 
  tactical overlay . 
  yeah , it 's probably wholly different technical challenge . 
  they said they wanted it themselves . 
  so we 're talking about group strength , not individual ship strength ? 
  how are force multipliers and synergies bad ? 
  why do these article always talk about * killing/assassinating * a character ? 
  that does n't make any sense , you respawn in a clone and the fee is minimal compared to losing 30b in 2005 isk . 
  i understand trying to relate to non-eve players , but respawn mechanics exist in every game except for hardcore modes in diablo/path of exile/minecraft and others . 
  so it 's meaningless to talk about killing a character . 
  yes . 
  and here i was , thinking that the feature brings in no money . 
  quality dev resource sink . 
  not sure if the title is sarcastic or not , but you might want to get checked up if you have such strong feelings for a game unit . 
  hey , let 's make an `` ultra assault '' and give it aimbot . 
  surely people will accept it - it 's in the name after all . 
  max is the ultimate cancer . 
  just yesterday , some shitlers pulled 3 scatmaxes into a 12v12 fight . 
  such awesomeness . 
  the devs has done quite poor job at balancing , mainly by not giving a fuck and managing 2-4 balance patches in a year at best . 
  the fact that the current status quo suits you and many other `` press-f-to-win `` ers does n't make it a good balance . 
  as if we did n't know that already . 
  buffing ai guns against air because someone on the ground is offended by a2g is a bad idea . 
  nerf ah against air , it 's stupidly versatile . 
  increase banshee splash radius . 
  hossin and amerish were considerable . 
  harasser probably too . 
  other than that nothing comes to mind . 
   tr playign tanks, 
  * the end is nigh !, 
  you 've just made sure that shredder at dbg 's office wo n't die of hunger for at least a week more , 
  but props for talking about a2a noseguns . 
  all fine suggestions , ca n't really add anything . 
  i will encourage any eve player to come and play ps2 for a couple of months . 
  that way they 'll see that eve is not actually totally broken and ccp are actually a pretty good company . 
   even low levels of energy . 
  exactly , what the hell does ` energy ' mean . 
  does it glow when accelerating ? 
   luckily nync , psioxxz and white noise were able to assert themselves as the pseudo leaders of the drf and that helped keep them stable ( i think i 'm remembering that right correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  you 're correct . 
  wn was , more or less , de-facto leader of drf .
