  care to explain why downvotes ? 
   did i actually misunderstood that point or did i just break your circlejerk ? 
  fuck you vile ward . 
  let 's not even talk about possibility of not paying . 
  let 's start with ` how does one * win * in diablo ( 3 or w/e ) ? ', 
  for me , winning is completing hc selffound . 
  that makes it so i still have a goal in the game . 
  it also makes your whole post invalid . 
  i use it too , it 's as good as any other helm except ias legendaries , which i dont really need . 
  as for looks , i like that particular one even though all my friends tell me to sell that ugly thing  it gives the wizard mystic kind of look . 
  unfortunately , those are less simple quality-of-life and more ` drastic ' kind of changes . 
  i for one like the hardcoreness of hc and d3 in general ( bossfights , no instatp , no instalogoff ) . 
  also , nv and mp are excellent systems . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  also , those are not quality of life , but a major design changes you 're talking about . 
  * id all, 
  * id all, 
  * teleport pathing, 
  * gamepause for hc disconnects ( this is not an easy one , but hey you have it in sc2 and you also have singleplayer pause - the elements are here ), 
  * custom chat channels, 
  * less chat instances -  more people in an instance, 
  * no story mode ( just a simple one with cutscenes omitted and all bosses present when you start the last quest ), 
  * ehp in character sheet, 
  yeah well i agree it 's stupid , but it 's not really hc if you can avoid death by dcing , and people will find ways to exploit it if it 's done that way . 
  i forgot to add initially ( as i said in my other post here ) : the best solution is pause , especially since it 's already done in sc2 . 
  you have n't seen ` cluttered ' , trust me . 
  it called ` functional ' and ` structured ' . 
  people applauding between movements generally means they do n't know what a movement is . 
  yes , that is n't good . 
  any music can be background for me ( i sometimes exercise at gym listening to beethoven :d ) . 
  but how do i prefer listening anything from corelli to rachmaninov ? 
  sitting in a nice chair , preferably eyes closed and hearing * nothing * but the orchestra . 
  tbh it 's surprising to see so many people believe the rules are too strict . 
  for me they 're exactly right , well except maybe for dress code , we do n't have it that strict here ( russia ) . 
   general hate towards jay wilson within community ... why would they put him in an executive position of another project ? 
  because fuck general haters . 
  yeah , i do n't mean they should be blamed or anything . 
  they just do n't know how these pauses should be treated . 
  if they are identical , you could 've , you know , taken a screenshot with their stats . 
  all i see is a bunch of trifecta tals . 
  this is a crafted ammy , they already have high main stat . 
  add quadfecta , vit , dex + vit rolls = 6 randoms . 
  pretty damn lucky . 
   these new items will have six affixes ** and ** feature a primary stat, 
  well that 's the way i see it, 
  well i guess it 's really the ` what you like most about ' thread :d, 
  my best friend is swiss so yeah , 
  trains, 
  air . 
  it 's strange , i can almost feel the memory of breathing sweet alpine air , inhaling it deeply ... 
  so much yes !, 
  what the fuck is that broken logic ? 
  i dont know , maybe they think ` it 's not that bad , it can wait for when we do mystic ' . 
  well it 's bad . 
  well you 're not forced to bid , you can printscreen and search for exact stats later . 
  i would like even just an acknowledgement post , like post a dot '' . '', 
  or something in that thread , not needed to even say something . 
  sell , thinking about salvaging . 
  it 's tal 's and i dont know if i like it more with or whithout it , 
  yes that 's my solution . 
  i personally dont care much about tracking on ah since i dont buy much . 
  because i can ? 
  dude said you ` have to ' do something you dont really have to do . 
  i pointed that out . 
  or , if its owner just held to show he/she was there it may have not been so scared for its life . 
  people who say that is ok do n't know how to tend to their pets . 
  that is not ok . 
  ( source : if i tried to shower my cat he would run away and sit under bed for hours . 
  when i hold him with just one hand just for him to know i 'm here - he stands in the tub and takes it ) . 
  you should n't have a cat then . 
  the most you should wash them is maybe once in six months . 
  well , judging by the comments most people would go with their pet having a heart attack rather then having a few scratches and learning to wash it properly . 
  oh you 're so funny ~, 
  i do n't know if you know/can talk about these development strategies things , but if i may ask , why do n't you guys do small ` fix ' patches after/along your big releases ? 
  ( and if you do , it is rare , only server fixes , and you miss things ), 
  i mean it ~ should n't take too long ~ ( yes i know ) to fix an achievement or ( from the top of my head ) cm not working with archon : teleport , things like that . 
  ( id all again ? ), 
  i 'm not even talking about not including those easy fixes into major patches , because only reasons would be that you forgot or did n't have time ( for some weird reason ) . 
  op is right , it 's truly an embarrassment . 
  this or hots ( if you 're into it ) . 
  damn it , when will those become movable ? 
  i hate when route panel interferes with local . 
  it 's there to remind you that eve was made by programmers :d, 
  exactly . 
  people forget about having fun , care like mad about competitiveness and then complain how it 's not fun . 
  all this talk about how the game ~ * forces * ~ you to play it in some way actually shows the stupidity of such way of playing in general . 
  go get your friends on skype , gather and kill 5 elite packs on mp10 at the same time . 
  why ? 
  because fun , that 's why . 
  why do you want bosses to have increased drops ? 
  for it to come down to more boring than anything else boss-name-runs over and over ? 
  right now you get much loot for the first kill on that character . 
  after that - do content to get loot instead of 1 mob . 
  so i see , we 're on that hating train again here . 
  time to read something else for a day or two instead of this sub . 
   meanwhile in russia, 
   the lag makes things completely unplayable once you have 200 + ships in one system . 
  2007 called , they want their technology back . 
   you select the target , tell your ship to auto-orbit at your ship 's good range , and then turn on auto-fire . 
  ha ha !,
