  of course it gives more replayability , constantly changing mobs , environments , area properties ( like curses , burning ground and stuff ) . 
  but i 'm not sure how that would work in d3 , because of how we 're used to roll through locations in a complex route , avoiding dead ends , almost never stopping . 
  more random areas ( i 'm talking about more randomized normal maps too here ) will require different play styles and builds ( e.g. 
  no archon ) because of how you wo n't have a defined route , will encounter many dead ends . 
  the incentive would have to be good for players to do those areas , probably requiring itemizations changes too . 
  also , i guess a very hard technical part is the map generation itself because it looks like the current system was made to generate beautiful epic locations , but lacks randomness . 
  even arbitrary graphical assets [ were made specifically for their place on the map ] ( http://simonschreibt.blogspot.de/2013/01/diablo-3-trees.html ) . 
  overall , i think it 's far more ` yes ' than ` no ' , but i 'm not sure if we 'll see such system even in expansion . 
  they didnt give pc dodging because it 's designed for consoles , like rolls and covers in console fps games . 
  for some reason people mix up this ` dodging ' and manual hit dodging which d3 lacks for some reason . 
  the two have nothing to do with each other , first being just a no-brainer seventh skill for maintaining mobility with hindered console controls . 
  dont know why someone would want that on pc . 
  it 's manual dodging of attacks that we need , but i guess it might be technically challenging ( judging by new poe [ de ] sync article ) . 
  what was ` hardcoded ' and what do you mean by that exatly ? 
  i see this word tossed around a lot and not sure if everyone know what it means . 
  i know what ` hardcoded ' means and that 's the reason why i doubt some people understand it when throwing the word at everything . 
  i very much doubt that any part of ui is hardcoded in d3 , for one , they had some ms xml ui developing environment as a requirement in their ui designer position ( dont remember the name exactly ) . 
  as for buffs - it 's a usability , not a programming issue . 
  for offline play , i dont think technical difficulties are the main reason for not having it , but if there are some it 's perfectly understandable since it 's the architecture the whole game is built around , and this can be hard to change . 
  cybrix said something maybe questionable , but okay , i dont know the details of the races and people they were talking about . 
  mors exploded for some reason . 
  cybrix trolled immediately . 
  mors bit , and oh he bit hard . 
  giant trollfest ensues . 
  i dont think he was , you know , trying to have an argument . 
  it is yeah , but i too had ear-cringe or something several times while listening . 
  i seriously dont understand why logging out is a thing in a hardcore and more than that - pvp game . 
  i pick up almost everything in archon and do fine . 
  must . 
  not . 
  envy . 
  illusionists are fun too . 
  i 'm skeptical about this . 
  they need to do something crazy with archon and it 's cd for me to keep it on my skill bar as a burst ability . 
  especially when i 'm staying more and more in cm on high mp . 
  yes . 
  while searching and shortest pathing . 
  locales you dont use ( you also need to remove then from * . db files ' sections ) . 
  i know what you mean and i know they 're working on it , but even on softcore i always have a feeling that i cant trust what i see , using oos just to see if i 'm really at the position that screen tells me i 'm at . 
  and it 's a bad feeling to have in a videogame . 
  while this is still a thing i 'll maybe do some short races for lols but nothing more . 
  why am i not surprised to see a guy from eve coming up with an unintended pvp thing ? 
  people will talk all kinds of shit but in the end it 's one of the most funny things to screw with other people in videogames . 
  scam too , `` delicious tears '' , if you know what i mean , 
  coming from pvp games i just ca n't accept logging out as a game mechanic . 
  to me it 's a cheat and you ca n't do anything to convince me otherwise . 
  for example , in eve online if you logout ( or dc ) and someone is aggressing you and holding you in place - you will stay there until aggression expires or server maintenance , else you lose your ship , everything on it , and probably your body with implants you had . 
  which can be a huge loss in case of supercapital ships ( comparable to thousands of rl $ ) . 
  another example , in [ freelancer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freelancer_%28video_game%29 ) ( an old game which i 'm a huge fan of ) almost every server implements a mechanic where if you logout in pvp situation you will lose your cargo , equipment and/or some amount of money . 
  i realize poe is n't a pvp game , but i do n't really care . 
  if it 's called hardcore - it 's got ta be hardcore . 
  i already posted on this sub that it would be quite easy to make an automated solution to logout you based on your hp . 
  i 'm not even mentioning simple macros , that 's child 's play . 
  as long as such things allowed ( at least technically ) all i can say is ` pffft ' . 
  to me , perfect system would be if they added a full game pause in d3 in case of dc , like they do in sc2 . 
  edit : if i was n't clear - i know this is a pve game and i know they have timers in cutthroat . 
  but in any circumstance logging out is not a legitimate game mechanic in my books . 
  if you somehow fucked yourself in a game - you must suffer consequences that are defined by the game rules , not terminate and restart the entire game process and continue as if nothing happened . 
  i dont understand why he ( or anyone else ) brings softcore-vs-hardcore silliness into this . 
  opinion on this issue is completely irrelevant of one 's league . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  do people want to just close their eyes to how easily this ` game mechanic ' is exploited ? 
   barbarian : perhaps the sun is neutral . 
  i love how dh answers `` if it 's truly evil - it does not care . '', 
  `` that 's ... disgusting '' for wizard . 
  http://www.pandora.com/station/play/1318487194749884336 ( classic rock ), 
  also , bach http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej5rggthy54 , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufnwstrw7ic, 
  not a mob , a player . 
  mob aggro will give you a 5 minute timer ( instead of default warpout +30 s ) , iirc . 
  mob timer is not updated after logging off unlike a 15 minutes pvp timer which resets on aggressive actions keeping you in space potentially indefinitely . 
  and so what ? 
  i 'm sorry it just sounds as if you 're ready to go sue some male ducks . 
  lol . 
  edit : downvoted ? 
  news at 11 : nature can be cruel . 
  lol . 
  and you have permanent cc-immunity . 
   passive healing in the game is so slow already that it can not begin to compete with active healing from loh/ls, 
  should it ? 
   it also brings it more in line with other healing passives . 
  why , why are people referring to toc as a nerf ? 
  it was a bug fix . 
  in other words , because he can . 
  no ah before inferno ( at least ) . 
  hydra also does n't attack ` structure ' objects . 
  regal on a 28 ring or something . 
  and basically all fusings i spent . 
   buy an authenticator, 
  it does stop . 
  essentially it 's a mobile authenticator on pc which makes it ** less secure ** but you dont have to buy a keychain authenticator or a fancy phone . 
  because it was supposed to be a least somewhat competitive and could not be balanced . 
   the game does n't really do a good job right now at transitioning players from the lower difficulties to inferno difficulty unless you are willing to put in a couple bucks to kick start your fresh lvl60 character . 
  the transition is very good right now , that 's why selffound is working . 
  i 'd even say that nm -  hell can be harder than hell -  inferno , depending on your rng of course . 
  it 's the crazy high standards for gear , so that you can buy stuff that 's quite rare for almost nothing . 
  in other words , for `` couple of bucks '' you can get the `` transition '' that everyone else is getting and do , say , mp4 . 
  using the game 's gear transition ( self found ) you 'll have shitty gear by everone 's standards but wont have any problems in mp0-2 nonetheless . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if you really want to - go dump thousands on 3rd party sites and get even more , no one can stop you . 
  you should read eulas or at least their condensed versions on forums .
