  i remember people reporting this 1.5 years ago and i think it was fixed back then . 
  but with this game any bug can resurface at any time . 
  i personally was n't able to reproduce it that time and now killing the thread closed/hanged the game too . 
  also for me there are multiple threads with that address : http://i.imgur.com/vqhiqf4.png, 
  you mean consuming significant ( more than 1-2 % ) cpu ? 
  yeah , that might explain why it did n't work for me . 
  it 's somewhat of a national symbol in that region . 
  idk , we played some on nc alts yesterday and gatekeeper did n't prevent our badly certed `` lowest-performing tank '' from [ wrecking some shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kmdrh2f.png ) . 
  it 's honestly hilarious to hear gk complaints after experiencing the op that is vanguard . 
  \u2713 good music, 
  \u2713 cool editing, 
  \u2713 amazing flying, 
  it 's sad to see pilots go but this is a great exit . 
  watched again and favorited . 
  another way la is made redundant . 
  tip : you ca n't really shake off pursuit though , unless you 're near friendly warpgate or obscene amount of aa . 
  i know people who would spend money on name change tokens . 
  if they could actually get the name they want . 
  rip combat refitting . 
  you know what 's even sadder is that the change will hurt this playstyle the most , while in large scale nullsec fleets you 'll probably be able to wait out the weapons timer most of the time . 
  i predict a nerf in late 2017 , just in time for eu+us server merge . 
  lately i 've been finding myself just pulling a bando infil and spamming emps from safety as soon as i see a spotter . 
  partly just out of spite since my main is countered and there 's not much stuff for me to do . 
  i can understand the frustration but at least you 'll get to see 20 more level-ups instead of just getting to 120 instantly . 
  \\  ha complaining about shotguns, 
  mfw , every time, 
  we do n't need to buff another thing that devalues flanking in this game . 
   if spitfires are your greatest concern, 
  thanks for putting words in my mouth . 
  they 're not ~ ~ wallhacks ~ ~ motion spotters , but they 're pretty aids , especially their sound . 
  worse : they 've probably paid money to pad bounties . 
  i too want to track my ars and lmgs without getting gold on every one of them . 
  this and mouse button for expanding the minimap . 
  also a mouse buttons for quick knife and horn . 
  also , while using poe.trade is a minor issue for buyers , it 's a fucking pain in the ass to try to be a seller . 
  i do n't have time to set up stash tabs , to deal with 3rd party software and to be online at any time there might be a buyer . 
  give me a way to easily sell my shit . 
  an item mailing system would be a good start . 
  i too like the shield when i log in my nc . 
  this . 
  mobile , small hitbox , tanky units should n't have high precision high dps long range weapons . 
  it takes positioning and aiming skill to make use of prowler 's and magrider 's ability . 
  it takes no skill to press f. 
  this . 
  gatekeeper is so negligible when i play my alts . 
  the shield though ... 
  i used this `` mediocre tank '' and it 's so fucking op it 's sad . 
  it `` underperforms '' because of scrubs and because its primaries have lower rof and getting less final blows because of it . 
  i still need to be in the game at all times there might be a buyer . 
  given that i play 1-2 sessions a week , it makes no sense for me to bother at all . 
  what does my `` disadvantage '' have to do with non-existent trade system ? 
  that tickles . 
   enjoy your free tank kills, 
  how slow must one be to not drive to cover from a harasser gatekeeper ? 
  it does no damage . 
  and yes , speaking as a receiving side here . 
   the gatekeeper is far worse than the lancer though . 
  you guys really are n't accustomed to tr fighting back lol . 
  the gk whine is fucking hilarious . 
  someone wants random internet strangers to care ? 
   how does one find cover in an open field when the harasser is on a hill ? 
  well sucks to be that guy . 
   also , your tr flair says otherwise , and the gk does not `` do not damage '' . 
  just speaking from experience playing my alts recently . 
  because people are nostalgic . 
  old = good , new = shit . 
  both trilogies are actually pretty similar . 
   the entire battle you see obi-wan fighting on the backfoot , and anakin is constantly in the spotlight holding his own and shoving obi-wan back . 
  it always was so obvious to me that i never thought it needed explanation . 
  but hopefully now some people will see that there 's good stuff in prequels too . 
  i agree with everything except that la `` is not and should not be a combat class '' . 
  spotters and iwin shields make in a non-combat class . 
   try to go over palpatine 's plan over the course of the movies and try to count the parts that did n't rely on pure luck . 
  except , you know , seeing future and all that . 
  the rest of your post is just `` i did n't like it so it 's ` terrible filmmaking ' '' . 
  i loved yoda duels , i liked obi-wan vs grievous , especially after reading the book, 
  ahhh , the * inner being * . 
  great investment afterwards : http://i.imgur.com/maufz7q.png, 
   zooming in by scrolling and pressing ctrl does n't work, 
  for some reason it 's ctrl + shift + scroll . 
  i 'm embarrassed to link this to the friends that used to play ps2 with me . 
  bugs aside , that looks like total shit . 
  it uses 50-60 % of my 4770k , which means full physical and a bit of hyperthreading core load . 
  narrow passages like that are my worst fear while driving a lightning . 
  it 's so stupid that a fucking tank can get stuck with its tracks a millimeter of the ground . 
  this is probably not impressive anymore  but still , that 's the most valuable directive for me . 
  hornets were a real pita for some reason . 
  they even made me take an extensive break from flying . 
  yes pls nerf la more . 
   bright pink, 
  yogurt vomit \u2122, 
  i 'm not talking about it killing me . 
  i 'm talking about it ruining flanks , ruining jetpack flybys , and consistently getting 20 % + on my kills when i dare not to run away the moment it squeaks its shit sound . 
  and that 's when there 's only 1 . 
  when there 's like 2-3 with an awake person guarding them , you ca n't even c4 anything in the area . 
  i still do n't understand why we need an omniscient ai in a pvp game , shitting on stealth classes . 
  read my other reply . 
  are you calling flanking overpowered or something ? 
   you do n't like them because they steal your kills, 
  they 're not stealing my kills , they 're helping * that clueless guy * to notice and kill me despite my clever map navigation ( aka flanking ) .
