  i dare anyone to use hornets extensively above a battlefield with like 20 enemy vanguards . 
  tanks tend to get better firing angles by being a bit spread out . 
  if there are 20 vanguards spread in a large area like indar ex and around your chances of getting oneshot while aiming your rockets tend to be close to 99 % . 
  i personally avoid those situations altogether since usually they also mean `` flakistan '' . 
   worst pods . 
  will trade for helltickles . 
  i mean pods that take 10 seconds and full clip to actually kill shit . 
   i use medkits to counter cheese not to ruin the new player experience . 
  i agree on everything except hornets . 
  they only seem overpowered when used against lone tanks that in this case ca n't fight back . 
  have 20 of them and situation changes to a fragile target having to remain almost stationary while risking oneshots from multiple angles . 
  i did n't even say anything about flak/walkers that are bound to be in any sized tank battle . 
  i do n't understand this actually , since a lone mbt wo n't have a change against a lib either but somehow now it 's more popular to blame hornets . 
   final hint is the smile . 
  russians are restrictive about smiling . 
  this is what usually gives it away for me . 
  i sometimes hate this trait . 
  it 'd be nice if people here did n't always look as if someone died . 
  source : russian . 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  made a vs just for the mag and the lancer . 
  will confirm , 2-3 people will deter , 5 will dismatle one by one . 
  so tell me what chemical reaction occurred here ? 
  what was it 's type ? 
  products ? 
  mechanism ? 
  i want to like this sub but it 's shit like this that keeps me from visiting often . 
  basically it 's just `` hey lest make some volatile shit happen with no thought whatsoever '' . 
   mbts being good against infantry is n't good for the game in any way . 
  i see / r/infrantryside is continuing to leak . 
  only in this game you see a bunch of tanks running from a bunch of meatbags . 
  couple of heavies popping in and out of cover is basically everything that you need to go `` welp , ca n't do anything here '' . 
  wow , you 're fucking retarded . 
  also ... 
  i too do n't bail . 
  here , spin this so we can watch you being retarded . 
  exploration in whs/planetside 2/looking at games i wo n't play in steam, 
  people can / tell from false nicknames ? 
  were you banned for hacking ? 
  well then fuck you with your clickbait titles . 
  jesus christ this thread . 
  the more i know people the more i hate them . 
  eu never had any restrictions . 
  i always played on miller . 
  if you want to restrict that you can go fuck yourself . 
  russian server did n't even exist until the game was ~ 1 year old . 
  shorting a lithium battery while holding it with fingers and showing the process on tv - seems like a smart idea . 
  what else do people want to steal off la ? 
  can you guys make teardrop tracers a global toggle ? 
  that looked sweet . 
  same . 
  got ta get used to using alt-enter to leave fullscreen for now . 
  it * does n't seem * to cause crashes like alt-tab does . 
  it 's op against la. 
  rename this sub to sinistside 2 . 
  are n't you tired of seeing that name all over here ? 
  dude . 
  i actually agree that tr are up but this is bad-conspiracy level retarded . 
  flaking is situational , heavy is universal . 
  but keep pushing that agenda . 
   sure , you can warp a fleet but not when it 's { x } , { y } , or { z } even though you can warp yourself to it . 
  why ? 
  because ccp is thinking of you !, 
  it clearly says it there : fleetwarps are allowed to public objects . 
  that is , objects known to everyone involved in the warp . 
  i do n't use throttle analogue and it still happens . 
  landing/chassis has been broken ( started sliding/flipping ) about a year ago . 
  and it was made worse by air controls patch . 
  it 's especially retarded with scythe . 
   people in your family, 
   mother, 
  whoa dude !, 
  as a russian reading these oppression posts makes me chuckle . 
  eat shit . 
  are you defending the ppa+a 2am `` cancer '' loadout ? 
  is this what 's happening right now ? 
  this sub will spew any kind of nonsense to justify a2am in their hatred toward pilots . 
   using lockons still makes you good at killing other aircraft . 
  op broken abilities do n't make anyone good . 
   not like it matters what i say , you 'll just write it off as a gitgud shitter post anyway, 
  no , i do n't do that . 
  and i do n't really understand you mentioning skyguard . 
  but i really want to know , are you defending loadouts potent in both a2a and a2g here or what ? 
  well , people usually mean `` skilled '' when they say `` good '' here . 
  saying they make one * able * to be a big threat in the air is kinda ` duh ' . 
  but at what cost do they do that ? 
  also you ca n't marry anyone because you 're an asshole in an assholeophobic country . 
  oh wait , no one would really want to marry you anyway . 
  well , at least it 's an analogy . 
  because hydrolysis ( addition of water ) of polysaccharides into monomers is greatly accelerated in acidic environment due to hydrogen ions attacking ether bonds . 
  in other words : `` why ? 
  take chemistry , that 's why ! '', 
  when you have absolutely no idea about the country wikitravel and wikipedia are generally good places to start . 
   for example , the bad-ass . gif this post is about would have been completely impossible without medkits . 
  and even then it was a crazy chance . 
  i for one would like to see less invulnerability-dance-heavies . 
  and people say pilots are elitist ... 
  beat me to it lol . 
  asking real questions . 
  amazing to see both coasts of florida like this .
