  i would n't actually mind if you could optionally increase fov limit . 
   start players as ha, 
  right , got ta show them who 's the boss here right at the start . 
  let 's make separate continents for ivi , ava , gvg !, 
  that 'd be fun , right ? 
  pretty useless because of of open chats and generally because of a lot of same/similar icons . 
  baited on a free self-post . 
  it 's the fog everywhere probably . 
  i run ao and the game still looks bad without shadows . 
  it 's like everything is under uniform white light . 
  i have to turn them off too though , in any 48 + fights . 
  4770k @ 4.4 ghz , gtx 770 . 
  as far as i understand there 's no cpu that can run ps2 with stable 60fps in big fights . 
   that 's with brightness set to 0 ? 
  yes . 
  besides everything that 's already been said , it also makes it nearly impossible to read chat screenshots . 
  in anyone wants to know , this applies to flying controls too ( right sensitivity and stuff ) . 
  this thread is downvoted by the people who like to eat shit that this game regularly feeds them with its shitty designs . 
  `` just waste 30-60s of your time before pulling every vehicle and accept shitty design of having no control over vehicle for excessively long time after spawn . '', 
  i would be okay with the suicide death screen if the game would n't repeatedly kill me in different ways and tell me to `` stop killing myself '' every time . 
  it 's no longer a rumour but a matter of time : https://www.battleye.com/2016/05/17/battleye-coming-to-planetside-2-and-the-isle/, 
   ur all dumb go play overwatch, 
  or go kill citadels . 
  just less dumb meta posts on reddit , pls . 
  i feel there needs to be some kind of faq for this question by now . 
  the old sounds man , what have they done to them ? 
  [ there 's no problem with cheaters in ps2 , guys ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8ohxjix.jpg ) -- / r/planetside, 
  you * could * , but who would want to aurax , say , ppa over a main cannon/driver assists ? 
  right now the problem with directive is that you * have to * aurax shitty close range ai top guns that work poorly on mbts ( talking about ppa and marauder , did n't use mbt canister ) . 
  because people are dumb . 
  it forces you to drive in close and works poorly with lockdown and he . 
  non-magrider ) generally should n't be in close to infantry . 
  which is why the whole wis looked flawed to me from the beginning . 
  why would an immortal space demigod leave his capsule ( which is the final line of defence * and * the immortality consciousness transfer device ) to walk around in regular clothes in a giant city ( station ) bound to contain some hostiles ? 
   i agree that it sucks with my prowler though , as the vulcan is pretty mediocre on that platform . 
  right , i even forgot about that thing . 
  similar to marauder , it has no synergy with lockdown and forces you into close range . 
  i tank with a friend though so assists are not a problem . 
   yeah , so what ? 
  the vulcan does n't work well with lockdown either , does n't make it a bad gun . 
  it absolutely makes it a bad gun for that platform . 
  vulcan works on a harasser not on a prowler . 
  you can do the same by buying yourself gold . 
  or read / r/all-the _ donald . 
  you do n't need res if you have gold . 
  also as someone pointed out you can read / r/all-the _ donald . 
  reproduced on windows . 
  quickly tapping ctrl-w causes an empty browser window to close . 
  pinned tabs stop this behaviour . 
  idk why people are saying it 's forbidden but back when i started i could n't pay subscription so i made like 4 trials just to have fun ninja looting/salvajing . 
  non-lethal weapons are a thing . 
  is there a rule on this i can read ? 
  yeah , i do n't understand all the hate . 
  he 's just another player and a good one at that . 
  he 's just lagging , guys . 
  hold s - stop - pitch down and press shift . 
  congratulations , you did a reverse maneuver . 
  shift is afterburner which applies thrust in direction your thrusters are pointing . 
  all very logical . 
  do you consider alt-f4 a logout macro ? 
  but * muh spreadsheet simulator *, 
  but seriously this is already so good just because you can shove it into `` spreadsheet sim '' guys ' faces . 
  alternative to twitch ? 
  that is temporary because of expensive new skills and bpos . 
  just activate analyzer 2 times on bad cans , they explode and the site finishes with all cans either opened or exploded . 
  you waste 20s doing this but get clear conscience  in the meantime you can scan the next can . 
  just destroy them by activating analyzer and closing the window two times . 
  they were the only effect i kept on when i used to play on crap pc . 
  i really miss them . 
  why was it necessary to remove them :(, 
  ccpls !, 
  as a russian , having until recently spent my summers at my [ dacha ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacha ) , growing anything from potatoes to strawberries to apples - this is / r/wtf material . 
  edit : or we 've all been rused . 
  cheeky . 
  just a typical depression spirited edgy short cartoon with no real meaning . 
  there are thousands on the internet . 
  \\  implying ha does n't have a significant advantage in every engagement and is n't versatile against all threats . 
  edit : oh please , do n't tell me medics get rocket launchers now . 
  or is it the other way around ? 
  should 've charged and farmed them all later . 
  very nice . 
  these should go into a faq or something . 
  as much as i understand the pain of supporting a full browser , combined with that awesomium did n't update its chromium version for a while , this is going to suck . 
  rip igb , it was fun having you since the [ dominion release ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d7hrln9.png ) . 
  is is possible to make eve handle all links using such overlay ? 
  watching this was a triggering experience . 
  every time i hear this sporadic flak sound i imagine a brain dead retard whose only purpose in the game is to drool at aircraft 500m + away . 
   ppa is effective up to 1000 meters range easily, 
  infantry render range is 300m . 
  stop perpetuating this myth that is a result of shitty code that made infantry render range 1000m for a couple of months ( and lagged the servers even more than usual ) . 
  pod myself to experience how cloning works . 
  i feel you ca n't talk about eq and not mention the clear speed meta . 
  if you consider the meta fine then the eq is acceptable . 
  if you think that the game must be a bit harder than `` run into new screen of mobs - right click - repeat '' then eq is absolutely stupid . 
   i 'd bet in 12 months there 'll be a front page post using a 3rd party image hosting site which ends up having porn in the sidebar or some other bullshit, 
  nevermind that one or multiple porn/erotic link posts reach the front page every day . 
  i love you people , you 'll always find room for concern even if there 's nothing to be concerned about . 
  maybe i opted in or something by not subscribed . 
  there 's nothing in preferences too . 
  happens on ssd too .
