  the question was `` how is the game 's population ? '', 
  the answer based on factual information is `` it is declining . '', 
  i 'm not a pr agency and definitely not a lying one . 
   `` you can always find a good fight '', 
  a ) depends on the server, 
  b ) certainly not `` always '' on miller . 
  it seems that people are not upset by filters but by this particular ` mexico ' filter . 
  do you want a `` bucket treatment '' ? 
  because this is how you get `` bucket treatment '' . 
  ( reference : basilisk sounds like a bucket . 
  i hate it . ), 
  i hate that they use the word `` hacking '' . 
  game cheaters are very * very * far away from actual hackers . 
  they 're giving them a title they do n't deserve . 
  very fun fight , i wish i had recording running . 
  it 's an older meme , sir , but it checks out . 
  november 9th ca n't come fast enough . 
  we 've been over this already, 
  convert coffee into code and [ xmls into stack traces ] ( https://twitter.com/avalanche123/status/7062890318143488 ) . 
  d a e d, 
  `` just go jump through 10 different hoops and break the game in 5 different places to make a niche feature that 0.1 % of the playerbase will use . '', 
  can we get all the irrelevant politics stuff off the sub pls tia, 
  i usually hide donchian , min/max and sometimes avg prices since they used to fuck up graph scaling even before the change . 
  negatives are stupid i agree , on the other hand they provide nice gap between volume histogram and price graph . 
  whoa , you can zoom , as in vertically ? 
  i need to try it this evening . 
  i would n't say you were stupid to do this . 
  the design is bad . 
  no notification , lack of visual cues/attractions , multiple single-use attention points in the same room , no leave confirmation . 
  yes , if jumping to this cyno would place you in the top belt . 
  hit detection is on the client though . 
  which makes this even more bizarre . 
  question : how will we give , say , evemon restricted access to an account when sso will be the only way to gain access ? 
  in fact , how will we be able to check people 's api keys ( e.g. 
  when recruiting ) at all ? 
  will api keys become `` custom '' sso tokens or will this use case just become unsupported ? 
  this does n't answer my question that basically is : `` how will we gain partial access and access without password ? '', 
   overview to display shield armor health bars, 
  this kills the server, 
  something something * multi-dollar media empire *, 
  let me tell you about n ^ 2 communication problem . 
  tldr : the amount of information that needs to be transferred grows as number of players on grid squared . 
  and op suggests to add a huge chunk of new information that needs to be transferred to each player . 
  also fyi ( just in case ) , hull burning effect has no effect on the server . 
  these are not really related . 
  they lost their territory because they and their allies crossed too many powerful entities at the same time . 
  a ) i 'm not sure how well synchronized that effect is on different clients and in different environments . 
  it 's possible that it 's throttled . 
  b ) sending one additional boolean flag ( 1 byte or potentially even 1 bit ) is a lot easier than sending full hp state for every ship on the grid ( i 'd expect it to be 24-48 + bytes ) . 
  complexity does n't rise however any info that we add has an additional overhead of n ^ 2 , meaning that it rises non-linearly and quickly . 
  it 's ( cn ) ^ 2 not c ( n ^ 2 ) because each player needs to be made aware of each other 's hp state . 
  edit : to be clear , i 'm talking about the volume of information that needs to be transferred . 
   idk the builds i play usually kill them before they finish unburrowing, 
  maybe that 's the problem with clear speed meta builds oneshotting rares . 
  i 've never had any problems with launcher remembering my logins and i have it installed in a separate directory ( not program files or other windows-protected directory ) . 
  i 'm not saying ccp should n't fix/communicate about this but maybe you people should also try to save yourself a headache and move your launcher . 
  playing mindlessly also fucking sucks . 
  the balance has been way off for more than a year now . 
  400 kbps bitrate ? 
  i 've never had any problems with launcher remembering my logins and i have it installed in a separate directory ( not program files or other windows-protected directory ) . 
  i 'm not saying ccp should n't fix/communicate about this but maybe you people should also try to save yourself a headache and move your launcher . 
  because when you can play the game while watching tv it 's time to find another game . 
  i they would just hide my tracers that 'd be great . 
  what are you doing in a spawnroom in an 80 % overpopped hex spammed with force multipliers ? 
  i guess it 's time to not play till february again to avoid getting eye cancer . 
  jesus christ , so much for artistic direction . 
  seriously , fuck this kind of sellout . 
  who the fuck thought projectile acceleration was a good idea ? 
  the bandana-guy ? 
  have n't we already had this experience with fractures ? 
  way to completely fuck up the weapon . 
  they are kind of steerable right now . 
  not in the way they used to be but they gave us back the ability to a-d them . 
  if your spawns were shut down by a low dps low alpha weapon you were doing something wrong . 
  golden ammo with 20 % more damage would sell even better . 
   it very often had projectiles that would n't render, 
  so the issue was n't with gk but with shitty engine . 
  b a l a n c e d, 
  a e, 
  l c, 
  a n, 
  n a, 
  c l, 
  e a, 
  d e c n a l a b, 
  so this is what live cancerous biomass looks like . 
  dat feel when enemy fleet splits primaries and you still ca n't rep up your bs 's, 
  edit : downvoted for stating a fact and praising your opponent and having fun . 
  actually every ` gf ' here is downvoted . 
  wtf . 
  all those notifications are for the same mail . 
  it 's a bug . 
  in fact , every new mail shows like 20 times in the app feed . 
  \\  ever think pointing your ship at a star is really really , especially if they all look the same ? 
  well first of all kill yourself . 
   shitty screen shots of 1 % hull and logi, 
  [ what do i win ? 
   they all look the same size to me . 
  i think that 's because of warp in point placement that are placed further away from bigger planets . 
  and since ships/structures look tiny when compared to any kind of planet the scale is lost in this part of the game .
