  nice blanket statements . 
  i do n't want assignment to be in the game unconditionally . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that caps were nerfed and nerfed and nerfed since after dominion without any attempts at proper balancing or redesign , which is really needed because dominion was 5 years ago . 
  also on the assignment topic , i have very fond memories of helping logibros to get some damage on sbu while repping an ihub or something . 
  this was before any fighter or even drone buffs and it worked and was a pretty nice experience for both parties . 
  edit : nice downvotes too . 
  nothing to the point i take it , as it often is . 
  serious question :, 
  there 's some talk in that thread about drone assist balance in general . 
  is drone assist used , like , at all after the nerf ? 
  i mean does some group actually bother to do squad leader assists in fleets ? 
  hell , lachesis does n't show on ds now too . 
  do you , by any chance , know ccp nerfbat ? 
  i know , i meant mostly sentries and large scale fleets . 
  remake max ai into av/aa machineguns like mini walkers , basilisks , vulcans etc. 
  give max more resistances against small arms and maybe c4 . 
  exhumers too which are kinda the same thing for that matter . 
  so it 's even more sad . 
  remove module and skill bonuses from assigned fighters . 
  done . 
  i seriously do n't get this . 
  good that we may lose experienced players ? 
  awesome solution !, 
  amazing balance !, 
  fun and diverse gameplay !, 
  press f now !, 
  tracshot was pretty fun but horizontal recoil , so nope . 
   i wonder if this secured the 4-1 system as well for co2 . 
  4-1 was saved http://eve-kill.net/?a=kill_detail&amp;kll_id=27683714, 
  the response time was pretty bad though , at least for me . 
  like the time between getting a lock and actually seeing hp amounts on that lock was ~ 5s . 
  what ? 
  why you mad bro ? 
  i merely stated that while tidi was pretty low it affected response time . 
  dude , chill . 
  so ... make max-walkers bad at ai . 
  except they work a lot better against some shiptypes than others and it 's not related to blobs . 
   i think it 's a combination, 
  as it always is . 
  some people just do n't get it , every issue is multi-faceted . 
  also applies to rl . 
  hey , where 's that eve-kill link where a guy scored a titan kill with his drones in a guardian ? 
  could n't find it for a long time , i think it happened somewhere in catch around 2011-2012 . 
  thanks dbg , for giving trolls the right tools . 
  you can not really change someone 's mindset . 
  but it is possible ( though the hopes are low ) to get a game mechanics in a balance that does n't encourage some mindsets . 
  this apartment looks very russian . 
  exactly . 
  putin or not , look at what happend in paris . 
  they were traced immediately , cornered and terminated 2 days later . 
  in this country they usually get away . 
  this is direct consequence of the rotten system we have . 
  heh that 's tough to answer actually . 
  on the internet it 's stupid , everyone and their mother have to troll the shit out of everyone else . 
  or are actually paid to do it . 
  that ( and ukraine ) actually lead to me leaving some sites/communities in favor of reddit . 
  comment section on lenta.ru is * the * biggest cesspool i 've ever seen . 
  but in rl first it depends on your circle , second , how much the subject is brought up in discussions . 
  i do n't bring it up too often and try not to prolong those discussions because , especially with many people , they can snowball and you 'll end up having a permanent conflict with a coworker which is not a good thing . 
  on the note of circle of my friends and coworkers , i work in a pretty big , at least locally , software company with ... what 's the right word , somewhat sophisticated ? 
  people . 
  you know , it 's a job that requires a brain , english skills , finding info sources . 
  so in this place there feels a division between supporters and opposition , maybe 50/50 maybe even more to the side of opposition . 
  but again we focus more on the job talk than politics . 
  when i go to the uni to have end of semester exams there 's a different picture . 
  the mates in my group are younger , with shit or no jobs , bad environments , bad info sources ( like tv ) , never seen the world , europe , moscow , anywhere really . 
  they look what you 'd call brainwashed but i 'd call them brainless . 
  many will stay that way and form the electorate . 
  many will end up with staying at their shit-job , like a local factory , which i imagine differs drastically from what i described about my workplace . 
  where they will brew with others like them and become actually brainwashed . 
  also keep in mind that i live in a mid-sized provincial city . 
  the situation is probably different in moscow ( and st. petersburg too ) . 
  that 's where all the action happens and i imagine people are more open and aggressive with their opinions . 
  to reiterate what people said , what was confusing about `` opportunities '' ? 
  it 's a brand new tutorial system and i 'm sure players and devs would like some new player perspective . 
  vanguard  magrider  = prowler ( fun level : mag    prowler ), 
  on the other hand there has been reports here that ps2 benefits from highspeed/overclocked ram quite more noticeably . 
  but yeah , $ 300 for ram ? 
   vs. coming right behind the nc , the vs hailstorm easily dispatches most aircraft . 
  enough said . 
  this reminds me ... 
  when hiking around st. moritz area we encountered this : http://i.imgur.com/yp1car5.jpg, 
  this sign really puzzled and scared us for good 15 minutes since it 's not exactly clear : should 've we stopped going forward or should we not go to the side ? 
  call me stupid but if you really starts thinking into it it 's not exactly clear which direction is restricted . 
  some minutes later we decided to go to the side , and soon saw [ another one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/caffvln.jpg ) that pointed to the way we came from , now it was obvious : the correct way was to the side in both cases . 
  this thing is probably very nocontext but i just thought about it instantly :d, 
  e : one more thing ... the air in that place was ... unlike in any other , including many places i visited in switzerland and alps . 
  i highly recommend it : the trail begins [ there ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/hxzrv ) and it was really quite easy even for a plain-man like me , 
  like the lotr one . 
  why did you leave holes in those nice hills ?? 
  how dare you nerf the sacred ha . 
  also in north indar . 
  literally get good, 
  ** never ** in my 5 + years have i lost a ship to a gank while doing any pve . 
  my npc/pc losss ration while doing pve in actually infinite , because i did lose like 3 ships to rats , one was a result of a bug and was reimbursed ; the other two was me overestimating my tank in drone 10/10 . 
  do you understand that ? 
  i have n't lost a single ship to a player while doing pve in a 5 + year time span . 
  and it 's not like i did n't pve much : i needed to because back then i plex 'd every month . 
   you go to null sec and it 's all about who can deploy the most supercaps . 
  2010 called , they want their supers back .
