  and then we have duster ... 
  so they made dalton strictly av and at the same time reduced ai capabilities of other weapons on top of reducing all ammo caps . 
  wtf . 
   i 'm sorry you took away from my post that i want - everything - nerfed , rather than wanting to see the transport aircraft once again be used primarily for transport . 
  so ... buff libs ? 
  oh , that not what you meant ? 
  it 's not ( although it 's not at the bottom of the skill ladder too ) . 
  the video was funny with the music and i enjoyed it . 
  scythe does n't have superior maneuverability . 
  reaver actually has better because of better acceleration and vertical thrust . 
  scythe 's advantage is its shape . 
  i do n't know why `` losing '' a name is such a big deal for some people . 
  whatever , i personally find the competitive solution more fun . 
  and yeah , werner is taken ( in a different language though ) . 
  fotm too stronk, 
  there must be something special in japanese air or water , there 's no other explanation . 
  helicopter ? 
  cause autoaim is good amirite, 
  so he lied . 
  turbine engines are extremely efficient too . 
  i do n't have exact numbers at hand but less than 10 % of the air passing though them actually undergoes combustion , the rest is used to as coolant and thrust source . 
  and they pump a lot of air . 
  nice downvotes , everyone . 
   if you do n't know it exists you 're not just going to stumble onto it by yourself, 
  so the reverse maneuver was invented and given to us by god / s, 
  everybody 's asking for yaw bound to mouse but the thing is , it would have to be as slow as it is now or the whole flight mechanics will become broken . 
   why not just have throttle down go backwards when your forward speed is 0 ? 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  except when you 're pitched down you keep falling thus maintaining some forward velocity . 
   it does n't . 
  once you realize the tricks ( 3rd person , visual queues ) it is not difficult to execute . 
  was oos always limited or is it a recent addition ? 
  why ? 
  you 'd think that after 2 years of complaints and people quitting they 'll make this issue their first and only priority , and get some actual results . 
  sony and planetside 2 could be an example here : they 've put all content on hold for three months while they were fixing performance and in the end improved fps that was unacceptable for a lot of players before . 
  i bet you have n't been to moscow metro . 
  hello , do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour jesus christ ? 
  i promise you , after the merge everyone will continue enjoying the game whatever the name will be . 
  except those 2 people who wo n't be able to sleep at night . 
  let 's turn the rumor into fact shall we ? 
   pounder overperforming, 
  how about they fix [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mikdsuv.png ) first ? 
  looks surprisingly close to other ai secondaries tbh . 
  deployable jump pads/grav lifts . 
  do eeeet, 
  do you freeze them or something ? 
  i just bite pieces off one by one , 
  just checked mine and it 's still renderquality = 1.220000, 
  i 've even changed my settings and often change render distance . 
  i once got a double-kill with a flash grenade . 
  what are the chances . 
  it is incentivised though . 
   bonus : never ever use instant action . 
  expect it to drop you in front of 20 enemy tanks . 
  so fucking what ? 
  die , deploy at nearby sunderer/base , * actually start fighting as opposed to redeploy-hopping * . 
  and if you drop as la you may escape from a tough spot and give some c4 in return . 
  there 's a reason for delay before the actual drop ( even when you 're dead ) . 
  instant action is just another mean of finding a good fight . 
  saying never to use it is just stupid . 
  plex is always more expensive due to it containing the extra $ 5 which you have to pay when you convert your trial account into paid one . 
  lacks mountain dew and lens flare 3/10, 
  i 'll vote pretty much for any fight without lockons . 
  let 's not . 
  at least for random players . 
  if we 'll need to ride flashes to the other side of the map to find a good fight - we 'll get a dead game . 
  thanks , they got boring enough . 
  not sure if that change is significant enough though . 
  go with zoom and maybe cert more into reload speed instead of the last stealth level . 
  : ccp :, 
  i too do not learn from my mistakes . 
  deleting a legit thread with 200 comments in it ? 
  wow , so nice of them . 
  if only this board had some kind of voting system ... 
  been playing eve online ? 
  i had this yesterday : the game silently exited as soon i started streaming . 
  i figured to see first if rebooting helps and sure enough it works today . 
  so ca n't do much to help you . 
  my config : ps2 in fullscreen mode , recursion w / full overlay , fraps overlay , obs using game capture , nvidia 337.88 drivers . 
  edit : actually , one thing that was unusual yesterday is that i spent sometime on pts before logging in to live and trying to stream . 
  so maybe that 's the cause . 
  the highest it got for me was 4.5 gb after a crazy 6h + session . 
  c4 and mines do have an arming time . 
  the time needed to press the red button is painfully long . 
  mines have an arming time of about 1.5-2s and additionally need to be sufficiently damaged to trigger ( or vehicle needs to move ) . 
  huh , so i actually did half + of this one last year : http://www.wanderland.ch/en/routes/route-0816.html, 
  braunwald to gumen via grotzenb\u00fcel and kneugrat . 
  for someone who 's grown up in an area with no mountains of any kind that felt like quite an achievement :d, 
  works faster than the gui program too, 
  why should he stop ? 
  because of angry nerds pressing f5 in his new profile ? 
  whatever , i look forward to more content from him . 
  i too made a quick video since no one here gives hard numbers . 
  it absorbs 2 c4s , 4 tank mines , 3 default dumbfires . 
  did n't test tank shells . 
  so i confirmed it : pts crashes when i try to capture it and for some reason it breaks capturing live until reboot . 
  weird but oh well ps2 . 
  i do n't have kaspersky running on this pc . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  because alt-tabbing and making your phone ` on ' is a huge difference from glancing to a corner of the screen .
