  that 's one of the reasons why i loved it . 
  ` hardest ' - yeah maybe . 
  ` worst ' is just a sensationalist title making it sound like swiss friends are really bad for you . 
  what does tls trust authority have to do with ` us spying scandal ' ? 
  well , you get told what to do in this , and it 's a factor for a lot of people . 
  i 'd say first we need to establish what ` small ' is , 
  runways . 
  bad food and general life standards do that . 
  smoking does n't help , of course . 
  check out his ( elektrea 's ) youtube : http://www.youtube.com/user/justinmead1205, 
  always great vids , with good soundtrack too . 
  so much this !, 
  no matter how exciting was the fight , if i dont hear comms , at least some parts , i tend to fall asleep . 
  i guess you 're talking wealth-wise . 
  because difference in people and mentalities is ... shall we say drastic ? 
  yep , i 'd say peter ( as some of us call it ) can be called a european city out of all the others . 
  generally people in the north-west tend to be more open minded and tolerant and calm . 
  you guys seem a bit agitated . 
  surely this `` petition '' is hilarious , but the stream itself is alright . 
  of course i 'd prefer kil2 as a fulltime streamer , but ani definitely sinks quite a share of his time into following the action and keeping the music running . 
  edit : could you elaborate on what and why exactly you 're downvoting instead of mindlessly pressing a button ? 
  i do n't like him nor do i hate him . 
  seems to be a hard concept to grasp for some people . 
  edit2 : -5 to -10 for politely stating an opinion . 
  pve trailers were always boring to me . 
  trailers having too much people in them as well . 
  and it seems everyone are amazed by drone animation , which is cool but is only like 5 % of the video . 
  please put more words that i 'd never say into my mouth . 
  i love eve trailers : revelations 2 , trinity , dominion , apocrypha are great examples . 
  incursions and this on the other hand - not so much . 
  you dont have to be subbed to play eve offline , silly . 
  you 're delusional . 
  but it got you upvotes , so i guess why not . 
  you own a license , not the game . 
  wanted to write the same thing : played on and off since open beta started - and the furthest i 've gotten is to cruel a3 docks . 
  here you go . 
  since you mentioned it , the page is missing the trinity theme . 
  i dislike his occasional trolling , as if d3 talks in particular need more of it . 
  still watch him because he 's good at video games and is a pretty chill dude . 
  this is not ` do my homework at the last minute ' subreddit . 
  this is why you 're being trolled and downvoted , if that was n't already clear . 
   but i really do n't want to waste it , as i 'm currently a level 70 wd on hardcore, 
  the point of beta is to test things , both for developers and yourself . 
  so go ahead . 
  i usually fly with the camera rolled out pretty far and just noticed them . 
  wtf are turbine engine sounds are doing in this game ? 
  this is n't star citizen . 
  160 ms with spikes up to 500 ms. 
  previously was 70 ms. 
  ungroup missiles for the best effect . 
  i wish ccp would disable tidi for a week for everyone to remember/learn how horrible it was . 
  that thread would 've been a lot more interesting if it would n't slide down into petty ' i know more than you ' and general ` no u 's . 
  the only part actually worth reading through is ggg replies ( second link ) :\\, 
  ... and an hour later i stopped rewatching r 'n' k vids . 
  i very much agree with grath on the point of ccp 's new strategy or whatever . 
  it has big words , it came out of nowhere , it doesnt fix current problems - looks like a prime example of a `` jesus feature '' . 
  that was fun to listen to , looking forward to more . 
  literally the only requirement of this game is the subscription fee . 
  everything else depends on how much you want to invest . 
  `` full experience '' is not really a thing as it is different for every person . 
  as someone who paid for 3 years of the game in plex - fuck that shit . 
  for most people that brings too much work and time requirements into a game . 
  except there are tons of interconnected mechanics working together in the discharge build . 
  in archon you just do damage and get archon time , the end . 
   `` psa '' and `` fyi '' in submission titles, 
  yes . 
  especially strange since we see psas regularly . 
  what you should really do is play the game , or other games , with or without ah . 
  but not this future market investment simulator that some people try to present as ** the ** way to play the game . 
  for that there are more suitable games like eve online . 
  ^ y-2 ^ never ^ forget, 
  space shuttles obviously . 
  and yet yesterday i checked his stream after a year since i stopped watching . 
  it was titled `` most hated man on sc2 reddit '' or something like that . 
  very mature . 
  also his playstyle and general stream mood has n't changed a slightest bit in that year that i was n't watching the stream . 
  edit : to mb , if you read this . 
  please , do n't just call me a hater . 
  i was a big fan and watched you for another year before i stopped . 
  but constant drama , very minor play improvements ( when you want to get into gm so much ) , random angry outbursts for no apparent reason , these things do get old . 
  i prefer watching grubby or kas now . 
  and even idra , although he can be a bit funny ( in a bad way ) sometimes . 
   streamers are n't responsible for their fan bases, 
  nowadays , i 'd say they kinda are . 
  you 're right , reddit is not one person . 
  on the other hand , any stream is ultimately under control and heavy influence of one guy . 
  so he is kinda responsible , and should at least understand that he has a very devoted fanbase that will go and spam/threat other people even if it was n't the intention . 
  thousands of viewers/fans that are influenced by your words is exactly what i call responsibility . 
  popular streamers should at least keep this in mind . 
  he brought it on himself and every now and then plays a victim . 
  this is not the first ` apology ' post that changed nothing about him . 
  i have [ this beauty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wvgmdu6.png ) laying around since the time of pl campaign in old northern coalition space . 
  yes , it spirals around . 
  it 's liquid vacuum , i thought everybody knew that . 
  he certainly can . 
  it does n't make sense accompanied by this post though . 
  i 'm not sure if i have done it , but here it is : http://i.imgur.com/e3ivhls.png, 
  it flipped right after i voted and f5 'd , 
   permission denied, 
  try as admin ?
