  i am not a ccp employee , no . 
  so you started talking about pvp and i continued in that way . 
  and i think that in pvp a carrieris still better than a bs . 
  contract to accepting stuff in game . 
  accepting stuff in game is also accepting contracts . 
  contract your mods to accepting stuff in game . 
  eh , better have a sticky with 800 comments than 80 threads with 10 on top of literal hundreds that we had today . 
  the money you spent fitting the carrier does n't disappear from the economy , it changes hands . 
  then insurance creates some more out of thin air . 
  t2/non-insurable stuff is negligible in the whole picture i imagine . 
  just leave this sub for the weekend . 
  i f5 'd / new / today and i think there are several hundreds of these . 
  terms like inflation and faucet only apply to the whole economy , not to any particular player 's losses and gains . 
  majority of insurance contracts do pay out . 
  people even used to do insurance frauds simply self destructing ships when insurance was running out or they had to move . 
  maybe they still do idk . 
  before fighters were reworked nobody seriously used supers for ratting . 
  they are war assets that somehow became extremely overpowered at isk printing . 
  contract to accepting stuff in game because they ... accept stuff !, 
  this may shock you but this literally happened 10s of times in the past . 
  players train , ccp rebalances , players move on . 
  also `` redo all anoms in the game , simple '' lol . 
  what 's version control ? 
  except nerfing overall income would 've touched everybody and resulted in orders of magnitude bigger shitstorm . 
  like , / r/eve collapsing into salt singularity bigger . 
   another few ( money grubbing-ish ), 
  percieved as *, 
  that 's true his response seemed at least a bit emotional . 
  but this is also why i believe his reasoning still , he probably mentioned that 280m/tick number accidentally in the heat of his answer . 
  prices of cosmetic items did n't correspond to sizes of point packages used to buy them . 
  like , items costs 250 , nearest pack size is 240 and lowest is 140 or something . 
  this would be scummy except you can buy those 10 missing points for a very modest sum of in-game currency which any player , who thinks about buying cosmetics , should have . 
  they also released like a $ 30 cosmetic at the same time which is kinda `` lol '' but entitled players made a huge deal out of this . 
  keep in mind that all of these are strictly cosmetic items with no effect on gameplay . 
  considering all interdependencies in the game balance and ccp 's internal scheduling , i 'm not sure , maybe . 
  as i posted on / r/eve several hours ago , all this is more or less irrelevant . 
  the real cause is continued negligence towards core game systems for the past couple of years . 
  i get that scheduling and planning for their ( or ccp seagull 's anyway ) grand plan is probably very tight , but they should n't have put off sov and conflict driver iterations for this long , under any circumstances . 
  it 's almost like content in-game got so dry that players now made ccp their content , lol . 
  you do n't need stuff to ghost train . 
  contract to accepting stuff . 
   the fact that they are turning eve into a cash cow ( with the new plex system , skins ... ) is n't helping either . 
  nothing has changed in regards to plex and skins , stop spreading fud . 
  `` 1 % '' here does n't carry some / r/latestagecpitalism meaning of 1 % but simply top 1 % of players by bounty generation . 
  accepting stuff in game accepts contracts with stuff . 
  a while ago , in a n-th discussion about destructible outposts , there was a suggestion that destroying them should leave a ( semi ) permanent wreck , that you can undock from , but not dock to . 
  various additional mechanics could be added to this like berthing ships to extract stuck stuff ( with a possible delay , minigame , access to other people 's loot , you name it ) . 
  after a while ( say year ( s ) ) the wreck could disintegrate spewing its loot in the vicinity or something . 
  a lot of potential is there imo , it 'd be cool to see this on fortizars and keepstars . 
  current `` safety '' is too boring , stupid - `` magical '' and not really eveish . 
  also drop safety entirely for astrahuses . 
  i feel that majority of citadel problems in general stem from the fact that astras are supposed to replace poses yet they are more similar to mini-stations . 
  how would this be different to losing an outpost now ? 
  fortizar is a direct replacement of an outpost so i do n't see your reasoning . 
  it 's how it always worked and the world would n't end if it continued to work same . 
  also thank you for your deep assessment of this game design idea but right now attacking citadels is the actual existing case of `` dumb masturbatory material . '', 
   fortizars are n't `` replacements for outposts , '' they 're just a structure , there 's no reason to draw any parallels between them other than `` can dock the same kinds of ships '', 
  outposts are being literally replaced by special edition fortizars this winter . 
  they share the same price bracket , the same docking restrictions in regards to caps and are outlined as replacement by ccp themselves . 
   the `` dumb masturbatory material '' is a world where partial or full loot asset safety would ever actually yield loot for an attacke, 
  try being less angry and actually read pls . 
  i never said attacker must get the loot . 
  with outposts attacker does n't get any of the loot . 
  the base idea that i wrote out was copying as much of an outpost `` death '' mechanics onto citadels . 
  that is : loot stays locked in place accessible to the docked owners . 
  everything else is up to design team , as i said there 's a lot of flexibility here . 
  as opposed to `` magically transferring everything to a different place with no gameplay involved from any parties . '', 
   could, 
  or it could not . 
  or it could after 5 years and engage the safety then . 
  or any other variation . 
  `` 1 % '' means simply top 1 % in regards to bounty payouts , not 1 % of total wealth or some other `` meme '' meaning of 1 % . 
  lalala cant hear you dumb ccp ruined the game ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  on a more serious note , another example from back in 2014 that was quite popular at the time :, 
   i 'd argue that it was far more important to break up the null-sec blocs than wait another year or more for the next b-r or asakai . 
  especially since nobody actually likes to participate in these big fights when they offer 0.1 apm gameplay . 
   a handful of players got up to trillions of isk and are now subbed for life, 
  was there ever any proof of these trillions ? 
   the main isk sink in the game used to be broker fees and transaction taxes on market sell orders . 
  ( you know , the things that fortizars do n't have . ), 
  [ no , they were n't ] ( http://cdn1.eveonline.com/community/mer/may_2017/9aaa_top.sinks.faucets.over.time.png ) . 
  yeah , i guess combined they were higher than lp sink . 
  but 1 ) for some reason that graph does n't include [ skill book and blueprint sink ] ( http://cdn1.eveonline.com/community/mer/may_2017/9a_sinksfaucets.png ) which i think were the largest before citadels . 
  and 2 ) the tax sinks rose considerably despite introduction of taxless fortizars , and since it does n't seem like non-rmt ( plex ) high-sec markets inclined to move out of stations it 's safe to consider that this sink will continue to have a bigger , not smaller , effect . 
  accepting stuff is my character name . 
   the first is just how sticky medium citadels are ; consider dropping one reinforce timer from them so that they feel more similar to a pos in terms of removal . 
  i 'd say bring them closer to poses in general , e.g. 
  in regards to safety , unfueled operation , since they 're the replacing structure . 
  anything on sov ? 
  that system has been an annoyance for about twice as long as citadels . 
  do you play in windowed fullscreen ? 
  considering how often you need to alttab eve , real fullscreen may as well not exist . 
  did you see that slope angle for may interval ? 
  did you see [ that graph ] ( http://cdn1.eveonline.com/community/mer/may_2017/9aaa_top.sinks.faucets.over.time.png ) ? 
  what if redesigning every anomaly in the game is unfeasible in the timeframe where action is required ? 
  how quickly does this setup completes an anom ? 
  it 's very interesting to me personally , since my first income source in eve ( null anyway ) was smartbomb farming of the drone horde anoms . 
  this was before noctis and before drone bounties , so guys in my corp were blowing up like 10 anoms with 3 smartbombs carriers/rorqs , each taking like 2 minutes with all warping and stuff , bookmarking the wrecks . 
  then newbie-me looted high-value alloys from those wrecks with an indy with 2 tractor beams fitted :d i wonder how many supers i helped build that way . 
  they nerfed this like 6-10 months after dominion , newbie-me was very sad .
