   needed change, 
  got it . 
  flanking is overpowered and needed a nerf . 
  mind explaining or should i just downvote and move on ? 
   why would you engage anything near a spitfire under those circumstances ? 
  so i should n't engage ? 
  good thing i have all those utility/support tools as an la !, 
   most rare deployable i can think of while playing la, 
  that 's why we need to buff them to ruin la gameplay even more !, 
   it is n't your job to engage spitfires or break into rooms . 
  first , there are flanking paths into point buildings . 
  like a window in the near-rock l-building in biolab that now is guarded by a spitfire like 50 % of the time . 
  second , sunderers are very often guarded by spitfires making it further difficult to attack them ( as if shield was n't enough ) . 
  my main question still is : why do we * need * ai in a pvp game ? 
  who thought this was a valuable , needed addition ? 
  well you 're saying that buffing the spitfire is as needed of a change as nerfing the overpowered banshee . 
  why do we need to buff it ? 
  why does it even has to exist ? 
  existence of ~ ~ cancer turd ~ ~ spotter is not an excuse to buff its lite-version . 
  well , you can aurax all 3 a2a noseguns , that will take a while , i 'd say 6 months , at the * very * least ( i 'm not that good though ) . 
  and then you have a choice of doing an a2g weapon vs. coyotes or a2ams . 
  those , especially the latter , are pretty cancerous on both receiving and using sides . 
  a while ago i helped a friend to get gold on a2ams and it 's really annoying to get actual kills with them since you mostly get either nosegun kills or assists . 
  coyotes , i feel , are bearable on the receiving side after their dps and stealth changes . 
  but similarly i 'd say they must be annoying to get actual kills on them . 
  if i wanted to reduce a2g to a minimum i 'd probably use rocketpods with whatever a2a nosegun i need to aurax at the moment . 
  what if the `` other idiots '' are standing near the turret and not looking at you , of course until that thing goes ` beep ' ? 
  oh right , i 'm countered by the guys who were outflanked and one of them was n't even there . 
  he just left an automated thing to do stuff for him . 
  the fact that they 're underused is their only redeeming quality ... and you want to fix that ? 
  also , people are pretty slow to react . 
  motion spotter power was overlooked by majority until recently . 
  all those things you mentioned have one thing in common : they require at least some player interaction and are n't controlled by ai . 
  with exception of the broken that is the motion spotter of course . 
  flares do n't help against a2a lockons . 
   with a coordinated gunner and driver , the prowler can hold its own even at close range against the vanguard . 
  with equally skilled crews prowler will lose up-front 1v1 to vanguard most of the time , because you need to become stationary to lockdown . 
  they wo n't make you win against a pilot who knows what they 're doing . 
  it means that judging by your uncerted loadout you probably do n't have enough experience to know what the fuck you 're talking about right now . 
   i 'm right , you 're wrong . 
  just link us your profile with thousands of hornet kills . 
  i 'm sure they 're that easy . 
   in my view , the air game ( as it is now ) getting destroyed would be a huge benefit to the longevity of the game . 
  delete esf now !, 
  you heard it here first , folks !, 
  why would you not take something that gives you uninterrupted stream of intel , facing direction included , against something that does n't ? 
   to me , that reads as if you are complaining about loosing a solo fight against an organised opponent of at last 12 people in numbers . 
  no , we 're complaining that our every move is visible to everyone on the other side . 
  so much for a stealth class . 
   why play light assault, 
  spawn infil , spam emps , get some mine kills , get bitter , alt-f4 . 
  my usual playing session . 
  and that 's related how ? 
  first , fuel pods do n't allow you to run from a2ams , unless you 're near the warpgate . 
  second , how about you link your profile , so we know what experience you have to make your claims . 
  because right now you 're basically saying `` no , i 'm right '' to the people that actually know what they 're talking about . 
  is anyone getting a little tired of these ` another homeless titan killed in a bottleneck ' posts ? 
  i mean i 'm sure that 's still quite an event for the hunters but i , if anything , just feel a bit sad and annoyed that those are the only type of titan killmails we get these days . 
  tbh it 's really fucking annoying to die to rng like that . 
  i do n't know what i dislike more : jar jar , the droid duo , or ewoks in vi . 
  but people close their eyes at the latter two because * muh original trilogy * and that 's somehow redeems them . 
  all of those feel equally stupid and out of place comics . 
  if the fact escaped you : this is a light vehicle playing football with a ** tank ** . 
  because when soe changed harasser controls they gave it a shitton of mass ( i think ) . 
  every time i go on a lone flanking run in a tank i consent to the risk of being dismantled by air . 
  for some reason i do n't have a problem with that . 
  there * is * a moderate penalty to a2a esf capability when equipping an a2g secondary . 
  but i agree in that there should be further separation between a2g and a2a loadouts , in a form of * only * equipping * both * slots for a2g of * both * for a2a . 
  this would solve `` cancer loadouts '' like ppa+t omcats and penalize hornet esfs be having to equip a2g nosegun . 
  unfortunately dbg never implemented anything to do with vehicle loadouts , be it loadout swaps , resource cost differentiation or limitations like i described above . 
  i guess there 're some technical hurdles with that . 
  you conveniently forgot that esf has a 10x larget hitbox and aims by with the whole vehicle that also has the most difficult control scheme in the game . 
   you can un-tether your hornets by using the zoom trick to have dumbfire rockets while you fly away . 
  that is a bug . 
  thank dbg . 
  til render range is 300m . 
  what i 'm telling you that ab tanks do n't allow you to run away from a2am esf before dying in most cases . 
  i wonder what happened to the `` no interventions in large scale pvp situations '' ? 
  just watched the vid again and decided to look here once more . 
  yeah , loved that too , especially the explosion montage at the start . 
  i basically try never to fight at andvari outposts ( undefendable bases ) and never attack saerro ( tower-point in the middle of open `` bowl '' ) . 
  turning the camera is more or less fine but zooming feels really slow and inert . 
  i can take cover in lightning by pressing s for couple of seconds , and i 'm out of reach . 
  so ... yeah . 
  glad ccp finally sorted their shit out . 
  edit : it 's weird . 
  it shows on my character on login screen but does n't in actual game . 
  i 've cleared my cache . 
  judging by the difference [ 1 ] ( https://image.eveonline.com/alliance/1411711376_128.png ) [ 2 ] ( http://e.dotlan.net/images/alliance/1411711376_128.png ) i guess i need to check after dt or something . 
  i tried enforcer . 
  not as easy as gk but still pretty easy . 
  dude . 
  just do n't . 
  i remember being amazed by the map . 
  create new square texture . 
  fill with color . 
  players like you is the reason why vanguard is `` underperforming '' . 
  do you play la ? 
  this has nothing to do with the game . 
  also nice account name .
