  there are 3 other exits out of the tower spawn ( my favorite is top floor landing pads , excellent for la w / c4 ) . 
  if all of those are camped so much that you just ca n't step out , and if there 's no breakout push being prepared inside spawn - you 've lost this base , time to push that redeploy button . 
  i actually like towers/tower fights the most in this game . 
  i always look for them when scanning the map . 
  his e-honour sure has been damaged . 
  half of this thread is questions that obviously would n't be answered . 
  a quarter is silly questions . 
  y u do dis reddit ? 
  he said ` ask me anything ' not ' i answer anything ' . 
   because that 's not how i choose to play the game . 
   the real beauty of eve is that it is what you make of it . 
  these two need to be in every article about eve printed in the boldest largest font you can get . 
  you sell plex , officer fit a vindicator , proceed to lose it in low-sec and quit . 
  here , you won . 
  i sincerely do n't understand what 's wrong with that . 
  first , it 's just a way of representing data . 
  lots of data . 
  efficient too . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  you can even put all that data on your second monitor now . 
  second , how can you even change that without ruining gameplay and data availability ? 
  people just go `` boo fucking woo , you have a table with some letters on your screen , what a nerd ! '', 
  without putting even tiny amount of thought why that ui is there . 
   it lays plain the reason eve has the reputation it has . 
  yeah because it 's better not to have categorized fine tune tools for the map or anything . 
  it 's basic computer interaction : read text , choose action , read text etc. 
  if people are lazy to read text ... well , they do n't get to see npc null space for one . 
  bringing solo back started every episode with someone 's fight story and analysis : https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;t=42133, 
  it 's a bit old but it was one of the podcasts i really liked and i miss it :\\, 
   if an organized guild from a different sandbox pvp came here together having never played , how long would it take to be effective in the pvp scene ? 
  you 're trying to apply the term `` endgame '' to eve where everyone plays a different `` endgame '' or none at all . 
  and now i feel sick . 
  we need those ` to the roots ' posts right now !, 
  pls deliver r/wtf pls . 
  the freddie mercury one . 
  it was disappointing that you did n't let us see the last structure falling with physics . 
  the company who designed this should get sued . 
  because its double xp weekend prime time . 
  servers are filled and that 's why you 're waiting on login screen . 
  but i do n't believe that 's a reason to complain . 
  ps i myself logged in after 30 minutes of trying . 
  edit : okay , so apparently servers full of people are a reason to complain . 
  what the fuck do i know . 
  if it helps , instant action often tried to push me off the new amerish into indar . 
  it did n't happen on other continents in a long time . 
  reinforcements needed are also very sparse on amerish . 
  seems that something is broken . 
  i do n't know what 's more awesome : ascent or this guide :d, 
  miller , connecting from russia , 95-125ms . 
  about 60ms with out of game tools . 
  actually another game that used udp ( directplay ) showed ingame latency about 20ms longer than the ping , so it 's not unusual . 
  in my experience esamir became literally the new amerish while amerish is pretty active . 
  why wo n't you fold your cash into a nice card ? 
  depends . 
  i have a box for cards that i got from * some * people . 
  because e-honoure ? 
  if our tr does n't suck then i 'm afraid of what 's going on on other servers . 
  : how we lost yesterday 's indar alert starting with a slight numerical and territorial edge :, 
  but yeah , if you want more amerish action we have plenty of that . 
  i 'm actually already taking breaks from amerish on other continents , i think i had a bit too much this weekend :d, 
   there 's no learning experience because there 's no room to know what you did wrong and could have done instead , one mistake and you die . 
  i do n't understand this point many people bring up . 
  how 's that is n't learning experience ? 
  if i die in a second i always know that i should n't have overextended into that pack of 5 reavers or a 48 + tank zerg with 3 skyguards , etc. 
  if i lose a dogfight i always know that my control was sloppy and i lost my opponent too often . 
  so i need to work on that . 
  as to controls they are unique to this game , so you just have to either google tutorials or spend couple of hours in vr , preferably with a friend . 
  that 's just the way you learn to fly and i do n't see what 's wrong with it . 
  it 's hard but that 's why it 's rewarding and fun . 
  i agree about bigger room for errors and learning , hopefully resource revamp will change something about it . 
  yeah i guess , but still , while those how-many-platoons were farming allatum we lost : xenotech , snake ravine , ti alloys , allatum south , zurvan , zurvan connections ( all ) , scarred mesa skydock . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  surely we could 've defended at least a couple of those . 
   lesson learned via experience : do n't be in the air . 
  sure , if you want to look at it that way ... 
  why is it assumed that everything will come to you with no effort after playing for couple of hours ? 
  if you quit after few deaths well i do n't think you chose the right thing to learn , because this one actually requires * learning * stuff and banging your head against a wall for some time . 
  i also would like to remind people , that in this game deaths do n't mean shit . 
  go shoot some while your timer ticks down , you 'll also get certs and you 'll need to sink a ton of them into your esf . 
  go do something else . 
  i well keep trying . 
  also , for me it 's more like 2-5 minutes of flying , 2 minutes of waiting . 
  because couple of levels of necessary upgrades and most levels of acquisition timer are not unmanageable . 
  i do n't think you can learn anything in any uncerted vehicle , let alone esf . 
  i kill both armor and infantry with pods & nosegun , why would i want to use more situational and more control-requiring weapon ? 
  i found that too !, 
  i thought it was a hole leading to the cave with the point :\\, 
  people asked for this since forever . 
  one can hope that * some day * we will see it on the little things improvement list ... 
  whoa , [ that was quick ] ( http://dd.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/1yxxoc/newbro_sadbro/cfp0tsf ) *, 
  ^ ^ * ^ ^ not ^ ^ really ^ ^ though, 
  we ( it ) are n't indefinitely supporting things that you wo n't replace . 
  it 's a video game bro , not a white knight convention . 
  agree , explosions have way too many particles that stay for too long . 
  i 'm pretty sure the `` only barrage '' part alone pretty much killed him . 
  but do n't make them a default save option after i saved one bookmark as alliance one . 
  corp bookmarks do that and because of that there 's always some personal garbage in them . 
  iirc they almost did it once , but could n't quite finish it due to technical difficulties . 
  this is not related to render distance bug . 
  i 'd say melee hitting through shield is a fun feature .
