  about 2b in a smartbombed inty . 
  also load times increased substantially , even on ssd . 
  hotfix that crashes the game released late into thursday ? 
  will you ever learn ? 
  initial load did n't change much and is 20-30s . 
  base loads now can take as long 10-15s , previously they were 1-4s . 
  the game is on ssd , obv . 
  the frame changes the way entire thing handles , including nose aiming ( obviously ) , so the quicker you cert that - the quicker you 'll start learning and adjusting to the proper controls that you 'll be using from that point on . 
  if you 're going for the `` standard '' nar-fs-hover setup , i 'd recommend doing max hover -  fs1 -  nar1 ( now you can fly close to normal ) -  max fs -  max nar . 
  for nosegun , get 3xammocap at the start and get 1-2 magsize + thermals whenever you feel like it ( i 'd say when your fs is max-1 ) . 
  dumping 700 into hover before you can do anything may seem a lot but it 's really not that much , with no boosts i can probably do that in a couple of evenings . 
  lately i personally have been flying stealth , since i also fly as engi ( do n't need nar that much ) , and it 's quite fun and powerful . 
  besides obvious benefits ( no minimap presence and counter to coyotes ) it also works especially well with reaver strengths : strong ab and higher dps for rushing . 
  experiment with that if you like . 
   saron - the gk is still better than the saron in the vast majority of situations, 
  except at close range , where burst is much more important and works well with magrider flanking ability . 
   an aware prowler can destroy it before it gets close, 
  there are very few places where there 's absolutely no cover for a flank . 
  terrain generally varies from somewhat to very hilly and magrider works well most of the time , especially against prowlers ( speaking as a user of both ) . 
  one thing i wonder is why these threads are always downvoted to 50-70 % ? 
  do people hate la ? 
  too much out of the box for your average ha ? 
  with one source of a2g just press space , it saves me 80 % of the time . 
  if there are more , try flanking paths that have some cover or go to a different fight if the current one is being completely shut down . 
  even sadder without nanoweave though . 
  i was very good at chemistry in high school , but chose the it path . 
  now i use it to debunk all the pseudo-sciency bullshit that 's in the media now and educate people close to me . 
  and scowl at them when they do n't listen . 
  i liked kil2 's ( ccp rise now ) videos : https://www.youtube.com/user/jampyzero, 
  there are even older ones but they 're somewhere on eve-files and i do n't have links . 
  because it uses the same engine . 
  so we should just shut up and suck it ? 
  great logic . 
  let 's just disagree then . 
  flanking is fun and effective when everyone and their mother uses legal wallhacks . 
  welp , there goes my sunday !, 
  the real ( not drawn ) lock reticule size is fucking disgusting . 
  no that wo n't make any sense with esf 's yaw rate, 
  also , i 'd rather them not touch control schemes anymore , after , you know , * stuff * that happened . 
  with no lockons even i may win nv1s , and there are people far more skilled than me . 
  lockons do n't help new pilots , they make average pilots overpowered and aces untouchable . 
  i 'd rather go into fight where i at least have some hope . 
  with lockons , * the only * thing you can do is bail . 
   if aces are untouchable when they have lockons , why do they complain about them being op and impossible to fight against ? 
  because not everyone abuses antifun broken shit , imagine that . 
  i personally expect most redesigned bases to have a tp , simialr to amerish and hossin . 
  it 's probably just to obvious/small change to mention . 
  i 'm late to the party but thun is very cools and the view from the towers is amazing . 
  having tried it both on and off now , i do n't know what 's better anymore . 
  with decloakonfire off i often try to decloak when cloak turns itself off , and i ca n't shoot until i decloak again . 
  with it on it still takes ~ 1.5 seconds for it to turn itself off in case described above , during which i may accidentally turn it on again by spamming the key fucking it up even worse . 
  this change was asked for a lot but i feel that with transition delays you 're better off just reverting to old behaviour :\\, 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/408ki0/annoying_cant_throw_nades_while_reloading_anymore/cyuuie9?context=3, 
  but ... but * muh gta !, 
  i like this one better : http://everytimezone.com/, 
  but it would be nice to not look up the time of every patch . 
  those names suck and i still call those bases octagon and esamir munitions . 
  so , shortly , some function similar to winapi 's waitforsingleobject was not entering wait and was hogging cpu instead ? 
  nasty . 
  i have a lot less bf3 experience but when i do play it it feels a lot better than ps2 . 
  maybe because of bf3 hardcore mode ttk or ping being twice as little . 
  i rarely die behind cover there . 
  yeah , i am closer . 
  i meant to reply to the comment above your . 
  there was a small lag when tried to blink arrow down . 
  i guess that 's related . 
  happened to me yesterday . 
  task manager did n't work , nothing worked , had to reset the system . 
   then find a guide for a build you want to play and follow that . 
  fuck that . 
  study some trees and make your own . 
  it might not be as efficient as others but at least there will be some creativity in it . 
  you 're saying `` til '' . 
  what exactly did you learn from this ? 
  any price is pointless until the name you want is occupied by a br6 last logged in december 2012 with no apparent dbc spent . 
  all cheating videos should go straight to the main sub imo . 
  more chances at getting some attention . 
  also any news on h1z1 3rd party anticheat and whether it 's coming to ps2 ? 
  tldr remove vehicles, 
  did i miss something ? 
  the guidance is a drawback , not an advantage . 
  and dumbfire ability is a bug . 
  the only points op mentioned new pilots in are shredder ammo cap ( default gun ) and hover indicator ( obvious reasons ) . 
  the rest are just changes that make sense , not aimed at new players in particular . 
  like fighting libs with rotary is often questionable and galaxies are just ` lolnope ' . 
  edit : in regards to changing controls and simplifying the game ( that i feel involves more lockons in your mind ) : why do n't you go and find a point and click adventure somewhere else ? 
  the stuff you 're talking about is not number changes anyway , which op is all about . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i just pointed out that one should use arguments that support their point , not some random facts . 
  everything in this sub is seemingly brigaded by several downvoting bots . 
  i was surprised to see my recent gfy post to go to the sub 's front from as low as 60 % . 
  but i guess that 's just how it is here . 
  i 'd be fine with vehicle hacking if they reduce power of the motion spotter and emps . 
  `` he '' was the program that created and developed the matrix as a whole . 
  have you actually tried to destroy a defended sundy in an esf ? 
  i 'd like to see a ttk descrease on lib with esf . 
  otherwise i do n't mind , they 're pretty fun fights except for grinding through the ton of lib 's hp . 
  edit : lol , as expected , the thread that started with a question about esf vs. lib turned into a usual a2g salt mine . 
   you end up with fights where everyone can see everyone else . 
  recently , i noticed that when there are no spotters it feels like the minimap is actually broken .
