  fortizars are n't supposed to replace outposts ? 
  ( they share the same price bracket and current outposts are planned to be replaced with faction fortizars ) . 
  merging pos and outpost mechanics toghether seems like a bad idea in general in regards to balance . 
  arguing absolute travel safety with `` htfu '' . 
  please show this to / r/eve from ca . 
  4 years ago . 
  ccp even did several nerfs to safe pos cynos before citadels , many of them were player driven . 
  now we 're suddenly 180 \u00b0 on this . 
  caps ca n't instadock in astrahuses which cost only about 1b but they can instatether at them . 
  because game became increasingly risk-free with introduction of citadels . 
  i agree and with the current flexible system of buffs and countdowns ccp has i think some `` jump recalibration '' timer would n't be that taxing to implement . 
  it 's kinda band-aidish but so are cyno-force field restrictions . 
  you can jump and tether to astrahus which is the same price bracket as large pos , except it does n't allow cynos close to force field and in general does n't provide as much safety . 
  fortizars are replacing outposts , astrahuses are replacing poses . 
  but due to 2 types of structures being merged into one and adding new bonuses citadels came out op in many ways . 
   the docking parameters are the same as tethering so not much has changed here . 
  except before citadels you ca n't dock in a 1b disposable structure that is pita to remove . 
  you ca n't cyno into invulnerability either . 
   only to get bumped off , something that could n't be done if they were docked or in a pos, 
  tethering + bumping is a wip , and while short term it may be used as an excuse , it can not in the long term balance perspective . 
   all is well in eve . 
  if this was meant as a rebuttal to `` risk-free eve '' then i guess asset safety , 3-week reinforcement cycles with damage caps and no ability to interfere with the cycle length , lack of refuels , ability to cyno into invulnerability all do not exist on a 1b throwaway structure . 
  i 'm sure i forgot to add something to this list . 
  poses are being phased out , astrahus ( and other low-tier structures ) is the replacing structure . 
  as far as i know , all methods of instantly becoming invulnerable upon jumping in were removed from poses . 
  and then the same mechanic was blatantly added back with tethering . 
  what i meant about bumping is that tethered ships will be unbumpable , the same as ships under forcefields ( even safer since blues probably would n't be able to bump tethered ships ) as soon as they figure out how to do it from design/technical side . 
  i do n't believe that eve is completely risk free but all those things i mentioned severely cut down risks and dangers . 
  and risk is what makes eve fun , it 's what people mean when they say `` eve is real '' and it 's what kept eve going for 15 years . 
  do conical burrs in the other two make up for their smaller size ? 
  does flat/conical matter at all or do you just go for bigger/better quality regardless of the type ? 
  this is actually one thing i could n't find a good answer to . 
  damn it , you 're like the fifth person here saying this . 
  stations/outposts are n't available anywhere in space for 1b like astrahuses are . 
   no guys, 
   i only pretended to be retarded, 
  ok thanks everyone . 
  the consensus here is clear , i 'm getting the cunill one . 
  weird , mine works for weeks without a shutdown . 
  mine loads in 15s . 
  idea takes longer . 
  swt uses native widgets via jni . 
  idk what you 're talking about , maybe some weird theme ? 
   my problem is that it 's rich in a lot of features that i do n't need, 
  sounds like `` too many plugins installed '' problem . 
  you can get [ completely bare eclipse build ] ( http://download.eclipse.org/eclipse/downloads/drops4/r-4.6.3-201703010400/ ) ( under platform runtime ) that does n't even have java environment , then install just whatever features you need . 
   pain in the butt to install, 
  idea is built on swing . 
  it literally looks like generic java uis look . 
  i 'd say neon ( current release ) is quite faster than kepler but slower than 3 . x releases . 
  how hard is it to kill a solo marauder harasser ? 
   slugs, 
  i must be imagining that firing arc . 
  multiple targets and removal of dps checks were asked for as well . 
  lol do you picture fozzie as some kind of a dictator in military uniform in your mind ? 
  as a logi it makes even less difference lol . 
  i was alt tabbed during majority of both dominion and aegis sov `` action '' . 
  i too think tending to game 's economy is dumb waste of time . 
  i 'll give it 48 hours of playtime for you to turn into salt factory . 
  i play eve and i do n't use spreadsheets . 
  kill this meme pls . 
  lists of targets and objects are not spreadsheets . 
  they are however instrumental to navigating a game space where all 3 dimensions are mostly equal and where thousands of objects are present . 
  kill . 
  this . 
  right . 
  life in eve did n't exist before rorqual buffs . 
  idgaf , suffer , you krabs . 
  you 'd hate it too if the game you love was reduced to a retarded meme . 
  is there some holy scripture of perfect arpg that says this is the end goal ? 
  oh , a deeper filter basket , nice . 
  is it ~ 51mm ? 
  i got myself an unpressurized one for delonghi eco311 and it turns out that this diameter only holds bare minimum of ~ 14g of grounds . 
  it 'd be cool to try this one . 
  thanks , definitely will try to get one . 
  yeah , i cut out those plastic `` guides '' just yesterday . 
  and i did n't even know about the deeper basket yesterday :d i was just annoyed that the water would stay in the holder and drip out when i was carrying it . 
  if only these people would n't spread bullshit memes with no basis in reality . 
  \\  `` workaround '', 
  \\  buying exactly the amount you need when you do n't have enough, 
  workaround your salt m8 or it 's gon na be bad for your health, 
  i too quit the game because of extra ship textures that most people never see due to camera zoomed out 500km . 
  this is such a fucking non-issue , get a fucking grip on your tears . 
  plex is freely traded on the market , unlike any/most other mtx currencies in games . 
  buy more and sell leftovers for isk/add them to your next sub . 
  buy less and get the rest in jita . 
  there is literally no loss here . 
  \\  blaming the player instead of said game rules, 
  `` exploit '' lol, 
  what part of `` removing a threat of your base falling to enemy '' is exploit ? 
  do n't have 30m ? 
  or buy a bigger package and sell for isk . 
  boom , you 're no longer bottom-of-the-barrel poor . 
   makes it incredibly easy for him to be an elite badass, 
  and a strawman too . 
  go outside dude . 
   discourages sunderer defence, 
  what should the game do to encourage sundy defence ? 
  entertain you with movies while you 're guarding it ? 
  go run a fucking relic site then if you enjoy your 0 isk balance .
