  who are all those people ? 
  ~ ~ surprisingly did n't feel much of a difference in a mossie . 
  i do n't use pitch keys though . ~ ~, 
  edit : finally got to test it in a battle . 
  it 's way off actually , so read what other guys said . 
  so what about them supers ? 
  we were talking about how useful they will be . 
  is it that hard to slap a `` next '' and `` play/pause '' buttons onto the current audio system ? 
  and also remove the shitty not-music from nullsec . 
  any app will run faster in true-fullscreen because of exclusive video system access mode . 
  you usually do n't notice it with eve because it 's not that gpu heavy . 
   have you ever tried cheese-chocolate combo ? 
  well , now i kinda have to . 
   but some may assume that you talk or try to learn german , then it 's on you to try makeing them talk english again . 
   it 's a fucking circus ... 
  so awkward every time . 
  i say `` gr\u00fcezi '' and they assume i want to speak ( swiss ) german and then i feel stupid and want to kinda fall trough the ground . 
   if you use public transport : please step aside and let everyone get out the bus/tram before you enter . 
  i thought this was common everywhere ... 
  but how can a super not give a shit about ishtars that are killing them ? 
  i 'll keep my fps and ping , tyvm . 
  edit : the pop-in they do need to fix though . 
  it 's very bad . 
   i am pretty sure that was done intentionally . 
  that 's just lag since it happens more when it lags . 
  holy shit , 8 years ago i was still listening to music from cd-rws on my cd player while in school . 
  http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16824160177 i use this one , it 's pretty good . 
  kinda useless for this game though since fps does n't go above 60 in any meaningful situation . 
  edit : thanks for a downvote , just wanted to help . 
  this is about flight controls changes : https://forums.station.sony.com/ps2/index.php?threads/flight-controls-changes-need-feedback.216835/page-4#post-3127694, 
  and with this attitude i not only wo n't be surprised if they fuck them up on live , i 'll be expecting that . 
  hey , if only we had people with proper tools who were like in charge of balancing . 
  i know , one can dream , right ? 
  looking forward to recordings from the air perspective . 
  hey you know , some people can have interest in both a2a and a2g and not even be shitters . 
  wtf with that attitude ... 
  having such big discrepancy between mouse axis if they were pitch and yaw would be much worse imo . 
  ~ ~ brave ~ ~ whine , inc. 
   you need caps to win sov fights, 
  since when ? 
  god damn , have you even seen a blob of tracking titans with subcap dds and sentry supers with no jump fatigue or any of this new stuff ? 
  that was a scary thing of beauty . 
  it also * was * broken . 
   since caps  subcaps . 
  lol what, 
  why do n't i see a slowcat blob at every fight then ? 
   i mean do you hear yourself ? 
  if you mean my words about tracking titans and other stuff - all that was removed before 2012 . 
   are you really trying to say a blob of supers and archons sitting on a sov objective can be beaten by subcaps ? 
  yup . 
  and i do n't even know what supers have to do with this , they 're completely useless against subs . 
   i dunno about you , but i see a slowcat/super blob every fight . 
  links ? 
  let me see a slowcat blow every other day on kb and i guess i 'll believe you . 
  so players are working around useless mechanic that nobody even knows why it exists anymore . 
  edit : i guess downvoters do n't understand what a workaround is . 
   right , that is what the slowcats/t3s are for . 
  so you 're unhappy about t3s too . 
  anything else ? 
   supers kill the sov . 
  whoa , so much fun !, 
  only supers can do that . 
  grind structures for a measly cost of 20b + . 
   come to catch and see for yourself . 
  riiiiight . 
  thought so . 
   and that might be partly because of the skyknights who did seem to enjoy shooting down anyone daring to fly out from the warpgate . 
  what change do you propose to fix that ( as if it needs fixing ) ? 
  `` just flying '' also did n't seem much different to me . 
  then i flew into battle and just could n't aim at all . 
  burstered , a2a 'd , alt-f4 'd promptly . 
  if this makes it to live ... i might actually uninstall . 
  there 's nothing you can not do in sov with subcaps . 
  you do n't need caps and in any risky situation you do n't * want * to commit them for their price/usefulness ratio . 
  yes . 
  maybe not you/pl . 
  but in general , yes . 
  because it 's the meta : to hate protoss . 
  i 'm serious too . 
  it 's not just with protoss : if you force a populist opinion that has some support from the crowd after sometime mob mentality kicks in and people just start repeating what others say . 
  this is the reason i 'm not subbed anymore . 
  in the middle even . 
  splitting the bioball in half . 
   borderline exploits, 
  hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahaha, 
  shadow , renter alliance , not really xdeath . 
  edit : go kill some b0t carriers then and say you rekt pl . 
  we 'll have a good laugh here . 
  ^ that needs to be a flair , lmao . 
  i 'd rather see them nerf them into the ground and ask questions/do tweaks later . 
  with how bad lockon mechanic itself is and how op a2ams are they deserve this kind of treatment , and it actually would be better for the game . 
  he means that people from other servers have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  exactly what i think about it . 
  it 's stupidly luxurious with no sustainable future . 
  they desalinate water for that whole city , god damn . 
  that place is the definition of `` filthy rich . '', 
  i just do n't see those desert megapolises lasting 100 , maybe even 50 years . 
  maybe i 'm too close-minded on this issue , idk . 
  well it 's like the next closest thing to living underwater/in space . 
  you need artificial/imported everything : climate , water , food , construction materials , workforce for low-level jobs .
