  did they ? 
  or did the scythe just ignore the ram as it usually does ? 
  are you a cap pilot ? 
  all the new stuff is so vague that it 's hard to be excited about , some of it is outright bad ( supercarriers ) . 
  the nerfs however are very real and stand right in front of you , so they are hard to dismiss . 
  ccp really did n't pull off pushing this cap rebalance to the community . 
  why are emerald guys always seem to try too hard anyways ? 
   lets not forget the drifter revamp and icarus jets being added , a rather significant change . 
  are a small upward thrust for drifters and meh-carus significant changes ? 
  as la main , it feels like there were no love shown for the class in the past 2 years except for the cougar and others . 
  no fun changes anyway . 
  la really needs some love . 
  i mean it 's the most fun class for me personally and i ca n't imagine using any other as my main . 
  but still , the gameplay did n't change at all in the time i played . 
  as fun as it is , it gets stale , especially on some of the less-3d bases . 
  some cof + jetpack synergy would be * really * appreciated . 
  also , a [ tool ] ( / intensifies ) . 
  who ? 
  \\ #deathtosupers, 
  \\ #deepandedgy, 
  where did you get the range stats on dread guns ? 
  i 'd be okay for this to be a thing within a single system . 
  across multiple systems , i think it would be broken , and not feasible to implement . 
  the majority of damage was done by bombers when the phoons cyno 'd in . 
  no idea what you 're talking about there m8 . 
  you know , it 'd be great if people referring to their own skill in balance discussions provided their ingame name . 
  could you point out where i said i want to be able to do anything as la ? 
  all of this works if everybody is oblivious to your presence . 
  for me , that is not often . 
  [ ha is still * fine * ] ( http://gfycat.com/seriousterribledolphin ) . 
  bookmark this and watch as it gets downvotes and indignant crutch users ' responses as to it was * solely my fault * for dying in that video . 
  it 's fucking hilarious . 
  it will never get changed because of said crutch users . 
  edit : rip op . 
  i guess we wo n't be seeing you in the game :( but that 's totally understandable . 
  lol i have less hp . 
  lol neither did he . 
  as i said , this is fucking hilarious . 
  spin more , guys !, 
  this is not an rpg . 
  this is an fps where your primary activity is to kill mans . 
  when one class has a direct , non-interactive advantage over all others in the primary game activity - it 's a sign of shit balance . 
  failed to ambush ? 
  i hit 3 shots already when he first started shooting at me . 
  killing at range ? 
  does 15m mean ` at range ' now ? 
  you should try harder . 
  oh , and motion spotter . 
  just another shitty ability that you can not interact with but that ruins your whole class by countering it at its core . 
  it 's like `` nope , this tiny turd on the ground that takes a minute to find and does n't cost anything says ` just fuck off from this fight ' '' . 
  edit : this denial is still so hilarious though . 
  like , how hard can you spin it ? 
  i do n't usually turn to and look up stats but this guy has 21 % acc/15 % hsr with this particular weapon . 
  i do n't pretend to be mlg or anything , i do n't even try too hard , but even i have considerably better stats for similar weapon and overall . 
  but you can continue saying that this is all my fault . 
  totally . 
  e2 : the guy , if you 're reading this , do n't take it personally . 
  only blaming this shit game . 
  dem isk sinks . 
  i mean it 's kinda an obvious goal . 
  did you hear hilmar 's story about team mining into a can ? 
  yeah , that was n't supposed to happen either . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  is it me , or is reddit on `` fuck wh people '' train lately ? 
   actually the gif you provided when slowed down shows you hitting him 0 times before he 'd even activated his resist shield, 
  did i say anything about that ? 
  i said i hit him three times before his bullets started hitting . 
   if you add up the hits you barely scored enough to kill a nw5 infantryman without shield, 
  but here 's the thing . 
  i scored my hits , yet he had a crutch that saves people with a push of a button . 
  which invalidated everything i did and killed me . 
  yay , balance !, 
  now , say : `` but heavy is suposed to work like that '' , i ca n't wait for it . 
  also , did you see the death screen ? 
  he has a half bar of - what i call it - negative hp , that is the hp that he 'd have with no shield . 
  he 's 3 bullets dead already , and that 's something that 's always warms my heart , to see that ` negative hp ' . 
  clientside always plays a role but it 's not biased and it 's always there , in all engagements . 
  i do n't really mind it because it 's not a question of balance of dev decisions . 
   quit bitching, 
  nah , as i wrote elsewhere , this crutch will never go away as it is abused by majority of players . 
  there 's no point in bitching about it , the only solution is to uninstall . 
  great game , great devs . 
  here i 'm just enjoying people 's desire to redeem the crutch . 
  ps that 's nice of you to skip the whole `` stats vs. stats '' bit . 
  probably does n't fit the narrative . 
   mad cos bad mode, 
  indirect concession of an argument is the best . 
  not everyone actually , from watching this sub making these kind of threads is a gamble that depends a lot on the wording and even timezone in which you post . 
  there easily could 've been more people agreeing with you here if you were n't downvoted hard from the start . 
  it does n't matter though cause stuff is n't going to change anyway . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  if someone does n't have better things to do than pay dbg to statpad a directive - that 's their problem . 
  i go for them because they ruin my flanking . 
  unreachable achievement = nonexistent achievement . 
  errr ... nocontext ? 
  literally hitler / s, 
  you 're all upset about no spinning and interior but are n't tethering and docking different things with latter having the interior ? 
  edit : very informative downvotes , guys , thanks !, 
  what do we say to the truth and voice of reason on / r/planetside ? 
  *** not today !,
