  next up : poop camo and `` shitter '' title . 
  for someone who plays like < 10h a week and ca n't hope to sell anything via poe.trade , this would be so sweet . 
  i wanted a way to mail items for a long time now . 
  to people who think this will make rmt easier : why do you think it 's harder to restrict this feature the same way the trades are restricted ? 
  west highlands checkpoint, 
  removed outpost from the lattice, 
  replaced with large sunderer garage, 
  east canyon checkpoint, 
  removed outpost from the lattice, 
  replaced with large sunderer garage, 
  yeah die you pieces of shit, 
  heavy shield, 
  continue like this and i will actually buy premium again . 
  i hove they 're not replacing them with aa turrets ... 
   over the top as hell and really needed a rebalance, 
  i assume north-eastern indar is still wip , as well as regent-crossroads-broken arch triangle . 
  if those get fixed i might actually lose my indarophobia . 
  e : broken arch is also deleted in new pts screenshots https://np.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/3y2z09/new_pts_update_in_pictures_100_pics_of_base, 
   regardless heavy is supposed to be the offensive front line class , so it was supposed to have the 1 v 1 advantage . 
  quit this bullshit already , it 's too old . 
  i ca n't remember dying to 10 he mbts in forever . 
  do you live in late 2013 ? 
  people play ha because having extra hp over every other class is op and people love op shit . 
  but please , continue with your narrative . 
   instakill an mbt, 
  halberd is boring . 
  i too was recently oneshot in an esf by gauss saw . 
  and no it 's not death screen lag . 
  it 's not the first time that zana daily has spawned all but one exiles on the boss that is the timed goal . 
  this time there was a haste rare just to make things more interesting . 
  edit : i 'm not talking about the build , guys , i 'm taking about all exiles spawning at the boss and why is that allowed to happen . 
  edit2 : i do n't even know why i bothered to post this here . 
  you 're all super awesome guys and i 'm a shit player , got it . 
  2 , with another one waiting . 
  i have 16k tooltip dps but i do n't think i could 've facetanked all that to actually reach that . 
  i did actually run through like 2/3 of the map . 
  i agree that max and nc max in particular are retardedly unbalanced . 
  however , it 's annoying that you try to diminish the significance of ha nerf . 
  the main thing about ha is that currently it costs nothing to have 70 % hp advantage . 
  provided you can aim your lmg and ~ 300-500 cert investment you basically become a cost-free quasi max yourself . 
  in an average fight , there are probably not more than 5 maxs and tens on has . 
  max encounter is an occasional cheese spike while you have to play against has always at all times . 
  still , that 's a great video and i hope everyone at dbg watches it and decides whether that really is good gameplay for everyone involved . 
  falcons oneshot people though , unlike pounders . 
  the only reason tr uses pounders more than nc uses falcons is because `` lol shotguns on a max '' . 
  dude , it 's dead , leave it . 
  you 're literally the only one trying to speak for rocket primarying people . 
  all those oneshot heavies countered the shit out of the max shotguns . 
  another old bullshit story . 
  is the difference between indirect advantages and straight extra hp is so hard to grasp ? 
  [ equal ] ( http://gfycat.com/decisiveinfatuatedbedbug ) . 
  sure . 
  yeah . 
   fyi , in that video , i was unaware of the infil until shot , i took a couple headshots , and had no nanoweave ( flak armor setup ) . 
  counted , actually it was 3 headshots and 4 bodyshots . 
  but please , continue with making up excuses for an iwin button . 
  my character name is in my flair . 
  but i did n't play ha until very recently , finally getting fed up with abuse . 
  and playing ha is so easy it 's hilarious . 
  it can fight anything , it can tank infantry , it has a shitload of ammo , carv has laser accuracy , and you do n't even need medics ( although i use regen implant only for now ) . 
  in your profile , i would n't call 0.5 k/d difference between la and ha negligible . 
  it is pretty high and the higher k/d is the more significant small differences are . 
  now , for that `` equal but different '' fairy tale . 
  let 's analyse class abilities one at a time . 
  la : can fly for a short duration while being extra vulnerable . 
  usage requires extra map knowledge , getting good vantage points and creative thinking ( e.g. 
  in combination with jump pads ) . 
  infil : can cloak for short duration at the cost of having 90 % base hp pool . 
  usage requires knowing flanking paths and places where enemies do n't expect you . 
  medic : support and/or self-heal . 
  can directly influence gun fights but only in edge cases . 
  engi : pure support . 
  ha : can instantly buff itself to 170 % hp pool that works against any threat at any time . 
  requires no awareness , no creative thinking , no flanking . 
  in fact , it requires so less , that players complain that they press f button reflexively while playing other classes . 
  it turns people into literal pavlov 's dogs with a hard-wired reflexive urge to press their `` saviour '' button at the sign that anything at all goes wrong . 
  please tell me how that last one is equal to others . 
  people develop literal reflexes just for that one ability . 
  i 'm sure with some dedication you can even train an actual dog to press a button when the hp bar moves . 
  can you train a dog to fly as la ? 
  do you have a good ( i.e. 
  official ) source on that ? 
  because while rbmks lacked proper containment at the time it certainly was not housed `` in a warehouse '' as you put it . 
  i knew it was a terminal meatbag clump before opening the video . 
   and , compared to maxes , cost less resources . 
  do your esfs fit into buildings ? 
   second video, 
  what is that even supposed to show ? 
  that people lack awareness to kill an la in midair ? 
   on miller i never had a chance meeting a max that would make me remember their name though i know a lot of enemy pilots that give me insta butthurt whenever i see them . 
  funny , that 's an opposite for me . 
  maybe because i try to play from cover to cover . 
  today at / r/planetside : we discuss counter-plays against skills and how to deal with good players . 
  coyotes will help you learn aiming into enemy 's general direction and not much more . 
  yeah , that 's basically what i meant but it may have come off snarky . 
  not intended , 
  because ars definitely define an entire faction . 
  as an la and esf main tr is pretty ` meh ' . 
  no gd-7f , no 200 dmg carbines , no cyclone , that 's the stuff i envy when i die to it . 
  in the infantry play in general `` moar dakka '' does n't make much sense to me since it only makes your cof grow faster and you need to burst fire anyway .
