  launcher ( it 's common for soe games , right ? ), 
  is probably developed by a different team and it 's not worth for them to go and ask a different team to make such prop . 
  chill , dude ... 
  loved them . 
  it gives both deeper understanding for classes that i 'm interested in , ** and ** a tl ; dr for those that i 'm not . 
  you can set your launcher [ to auto-close ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l5f7son.png ) after you start eve . 
  i 've never had any problems this way . 
  i still launch it via exefile though because login screen . 
  but i always patch via launcher , those standalone patches are a workaround at this point . 
  i know this comflicts with emp grenade but to be useful flash must hide hud player-markers as well . 
  if you have have textures on ultra lower them to high . 
  32bit address space is simply too small . 
  when doing duo runs for enemy sunderers it actually leads to an interesting tactic to agree in advance on the place where we 'll put our c4s to blow them all up in case one of us dies . 
  tldr, 
  most regular ( not standard large outpost/facilities ) indar bases suck . 
  at least for the fact that most of them do n't have alternative exits . 
  had a [ similar map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hk910uv.jpg ) after the patch . 
  not sure if a tryhard troll or genuine tears . 
  that was the derpiest thing i 've seen . 
  also how did they explain to themselves 3 random children just fucking appearing in the house ? 
  that 's actually free xp if you pick your fights . 
  i more and more often try to go to under popped continent for those sweet 20 % + bonus xp . 
  although it can be frustrating sometimes , especially during alerts . 
  but most of the time it 's just free xp . 
  it 's an a2g infantry killer and it 's very good at it . 
  i use thermal vision , mag size , ammo capacity . 
  my a2g setup is hover , flares , composite armor , banshee , hellfire pods w / thermal and reload speed . 
  a bit offtopic , but am i the only one feeling that killing infantry is easier with banshee than with hellfire pods ? 
  this puzzles me every time i hear ` lolpods ' , easy infantry farming pods , etc. 
  i 've been looking for that first track without voiceover literally since apocrypha videos of 2009 !, 
  the definition varies but most would agree that this will not make you a better pilot . 
  some bits about picking fights are true , yes . 
  otherwise you 'll learn to rely on zergs and easy weapons that wo n't work with more skilled pilots . 
  so many useless words in this subthread . 
  fucking get over it already . 
  i have to agree . 
  it was my first 500 cert purchase and it changed the game for me from boring farming attempts to exciting tactical play . 
  people who are okay with this are probably okay with fathers offering their children to smoke and drink too . 
  oh man i always enjoy it when you can use calculus in your everyday life , 
  dude , you described exactly what my mornings were about 4 years ago . 
  waking up at 4am to the sound of glass bottles crashing into walls and screams and fighting noises . 
  luckily that club has moved/closed . 
  i salvaged a rare amulet on which i spent about 25-30kk ( third of my pre ros savings ) trying to get critdmg . 
  not . 
  single . 
  roll . 
  that was a bit painful . 
  i know this sounds unfair but reality is that you 're not the only paying customers . 
  they have priorities that are affecting all servers , like 32/64 bit problem . 
  happens all the time . 
  actually most of the time on biolab pads now that i think of it . 
  go into vr , equip ab tanks and hover frame , maybe dogfighting in the beginning , to have a bit easier time turning , you 'll need to switch into hover or racer later anyway . 
  first go high and learn turning , rolling and effects of vertical thrust ( spacebar/ctrl ) while your plane is rolled at different angles . 
  try banking turns . 
  try turning on the spot using vertical thrust while your plane is rolled 90 degrees . 
  then go low and fly at max speed above the ground , abing occasionally . 
  crash into a tree , repeat until you wo n't crash ( as much ) . 
  the way i learned basic controls was that a friend just hang in fron of me and told to follow him as long as i could . 
  and proceeded on a crazy trajectory under trees , landing pads , stone arches , etc. 
  it was a lot of fun actually even though i crashed like 5 times before i could more or less follow him . 
  oh , and controls themselves are actually quite close to realistic , that 's why they 're counter-intuitive . 
  edit : silently downvoting advices ? 
  that 's so nice of you , stranger !, 
   set your flight controls to invert, 
  that 's just your personal preference , no need to shout it like it 's mandatory . 
  especially when op probably has as least some feeling of controls with this setting off . 
  otherwise known as bum-fuck-nowhere . 
  i uninstalled . 
  not trying to blame the game or anything , it 's completely my fault , but it 's just too stressing . 
  serious question : why are you so buttmad about camped warpgates ? 
  it 's not like you can play there . 
   the one who got the killing blow, 
  or the victim . 
  which are completely different parties . 
  not a fan of rumble seats in this game tbh . 
  i 'm thinking crux hq . 
  ascent too , but it 's became too hard to get fights there :\\, 
  no , it 's the one with huge square hole in the middle and 3 points around it above . 
  also if you did n't watch bsg * go get it right now . 
  * battlestar galactica, 
  yeah , me too actually , and it was really weird watching starbuck telling me to htfu % ), 
  some day i 'll get to that [ south-west ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u4vxr0d.png ) , some day ... 
   at a minimum , to start with , it needs to cost 750 air resources . 
  i was agreeing with you before this point . 
  wtf are you smoking ? 
  i 'm sorry but this is a typical 14yo entitled kid response . 
  of course they do care about it and all other areas of * their * game as in * their creative work * . 
  but there are time constraints , roadmaps , ndas , policies and all that stuff too . 
  i 'd say those are planes . 
  there are a lot above europe . 
  i approve of this product and/or service . 
  the only thing that i really hated about second trilogy is jar jar binks . 
  otherwise it 's really ... all right . 
   having planets move would break everything, 
  ftfy, 
  cause we want a pretty banner ? 
  relax , it 's gon na get fixed . 
  regardless of hashtags , tumblr and all that shit many of those look really nice . 
  tbh the thing looks unfinished with all that uneven uncovered soil , bucket , trashbag . 
  edit : this may actually be the reason they do n't yet have official professional photos .
