  the game concept is great . 
  the implementation sucks and when they fix stuff they break something else . 
  that would definitely be illegal and the server would probably lack player numbers that this game needs to function . 
  4770k@4.4ghz, gtx770 . 
  disabling shadows to have playable fps . 
  how do you know it 's bullshit if you did n't read it ? 
  the part about release is exaggerated i agree but everything else is spot on . 
  lol fixing bugs . 
  they 've been fixing bugs in and in between every release for 2 years . 
  they break more then they fix every time . 
  in case it is n't obvious : no this is not how proper game or any software development is run . 
  the game was better than now after omfg . 
  they made performance actually good and then made it worse it with most patches after that . 
  a bunch of bugs and gameplay issues that has been there for more than a year , with no communication too ? 
  encouraging new players into this mess was the opposite of that post 's point . 
  feels like stockholm syndrome . 
  this thread is weird because compared to russia i always feel like nobody here gives a damn how i look . 
  3 , people who know that `` contracting covalent bonds '' is nonsense . 
  each type ( by number of bonding electron pairs and by atoms that form it ) of covalent bond has strictly defined length and electron configuration . 
  changes to those properties and to angle of the bond relative to the others result in instabilities and breaking of the molecules . 
  so it does n't really makes sense to say that covalent bonds contract . 
   no power at all, 
  what amazes me is that actually during reentry spacecraft finally disperse * all the energy * that was put into them at launch . 
  also the ability to bring huge payloads back to earth safely . 
  i too think that this type of spacecraft will return . 
  i can only hope it will during my lifetime . 
  gta5 dude . 
  it 's amazing to play a game that has both great graphics and  60fps . 
   because i still like kripp as a person . 
  i personally do n't like hypocrite sellouts . 
  just checking in case suddenly there 's poe content . 
  or even wow . 
  or anything . 
   lynx for cqc, 
  better off with armistice imo . 
  it also has huge cof growth and no ads multi . 
  it is not pilots ' problem that dbg did nothing to address concerns regarding general controls except saying `` nah , we only touched flight , we 'll look into it later '' . 
  also , your `` pilots are literally hitler '' circlejerk attempts here look stupid and out of place . 
  am i the only one to be a bit sad every time your sarcasm goes unnoticed ? 
   nobody has complained about lockons for weeks or months ; we got over it . 
  downvoted from 80 % to 57 % and less . 
  thank you , shit community . 
  what did a2a pilots ever do to you ? 
  edit :, 
   ( 52 % upvoted ), 
  thank you for proving how shit this community is . 
   and liked showing off, 
  that 's not what the article says . 
  hornets have counters . 
  a2ams do n't . 
  no they are not . 
  everyone who claims that flares will save you against a2ams does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  if everyone uses anti air - air has nowhere to go . 
  on a related topic i was shocked when i read that : http://www.tagesanzeiger.ch/extern/storytelling/needletrauma/ ( was linked here sometime ago ) . 
   the only negative thing theyve done is modify the flight controls . 
  you must be new here . 
  the only negative thing they 've done is that they consistently fucked up at software development for multiple years . 
  edit :, 
  downvotes ? 
  please tell me they did n't more or less fuck up every major update in some way.please tell me that the period of weekly updates was n't a major clusterfuck . 
  please tell me that we have phase 2 & 3 for missions and resources implemented . 
  i 'm not even gon na ask about intercontinental lattice , that 'd be too much . 
  and yes , i do n't differentiate between soe and dbg . 
  dbg is just soe with less development speed due to cuts . 
  because uneducated people are having a fit over a bunch of buzzwords . 
  and because of that we already have retarded `` cookie policy '' messages on many sites . 
  might as well add `` our http servers write logs because ... well they did that for a decade and nobody gave a shit '' . 
  i enjoyed it a lot . 
  i enjoyed seeing him think about a game and not about a handful of randomly appearing cards . 
  if he 'd split hearthstone with other games like 50/50 or even 70/30 i 'd start watching him regularly again . 
  ( or rather recordings since he streams in my working hours now . ), 
  the problem with this approach would be that he probably would n't be able to be competitive this way . 
  i can suddenly see why some people may want to do that . 
  coyotes have become less used in favor of tomcats . 
  so complaints are skewed now . 
  but they are still a problem , although not as big as they were or as tomcats are . 
  attempting to climb that tower will get you a few nice talks ( if only talks ) with fsb ( \u0424\u0421\u0411 , federal security service ) and if you manage to get out of that as a free man - you 'll most probably end up on some * very real * lists . 
  picture in op is taken from one of what people call `` stalin 's skyscrapers '' . 
  judging by the white house that you can see above and to the left of the guy 's head , u/xabit 's link is correct and it 's kudrinskaya square building . 
  nah ... not heights . 
  i 'm fine with hiking in the mountains , taking cable cars that hang above hundreds meters of nothing , ski lifts . 
  but seeing pictures like this my brain kinda gets stuck on a question `` why would you risk like that ? 
  here 's the process of climbing a similar and probably more guarded building of moscow state university :, 
  edit : sorry , not the process , ca n't find that link . 
  no interior photos , only from the top . 
  pdf, 
   the body is that of a typical drifter male , 150 pounds and 70 inches , whose appearance does not provide insight to his age . 
  imperial units in eve ? 
  20000 years in the future ? 
  are you fucking shitting me ? 
  hopefully when they remember it later they 'll realize more of its meaning . 
  hopefully . 
   and a standard autopsy usually does n't have very much hypothesizing , generally just objective observations ( because irl they 've got ta remain professional ) . 
  probably due to , you know , not autopsying ( artificial ? ), 
  intelligence bearing cyborgs . 
  this is quite sizable but is very interesting too : https://evetravel.wordpress.com/lore-survival-guide/, 
  i always imagine how a newbie altf4s and uninstalls after getting instakilled by fuck knows what after some random capture message . 
  all cannons but ap are absolutely obsolete now and are worse than it at every role including ai in which they specialize . 
  here you go . 
  just get 1-2 jihad flashes .
