  or they 've already had detection and now they 're implementing it again and warning everyone to `` adjust your play style if necessary to avoid any unpleasantry '' ? 
  am i reading this right - are they telling cheaters to stop before this protection goes live ? 
  what a joke , lol . 
  as others said , try vivaldi . 
  it already has a ton of features , including custom hotkeys , and they 're planning a lot more . 
  made by opera 's initial creator too . 
   without the memory hog and annoyances of chrome itself . 
  keep telling yourself that because you 're using a chromium based browser and google chrome is the most chromium-like of them . 
  in particular , memory hog will only get worse because it 's same chrome with more stuff added . 
  it crashed for me when using tls 1.1 / 1.2 . 
  took me a year to figure that out \\* shudder \\* and fall back to tls 1.0 . 
  unfortunately way too many sites stopped working in it since then and i had to go with vivaldi . 
  i wish it was faster , but it 's the new opera . 
  read the dev reply . 
  the rest is raw javascript so it 's practically open source . 
  cheaters toggling their cheats only when they need to . 
  i subscribed to this game because of the fact that you 'd always had the same training rate as everybody else , no matter how much time you can spend playing on any particular week . 
  now this feature that was one of the most important for me is gone . 
  seems like some people are drooling too hard to see other sides of this change . 
  you people are easily bought . 
  i 'm not making 40m/day because i do n't do boring pve . 
  with my playstyle it works quite well . 
  i do n't have time to log in often , i fly mostly srp 'd ships , do buddy program and plex occasionally , this more than covers my expenses . 
  but apparently my way of playing eve is incorrect and instead i must dedicate 15 minutes of my everyday schedule to do a stupid manipulative task or else miss out on a good chunk of sp . 
   using skill injectors to justify grindy sp dailies, 
  dae slippery slopes do not exist ? 
  because for me it 's not more , it 's less than others . 
  this was the argument when people said skill injectors put ccp closer to possibility of introducing forms of sp grind . 
  people , including me , who foolishly put trust in ccp said that surely ccp will avoid this `` slippery slope '' argument . 
  ccp even reinforced this opinion :, 
   [ it 's very important to note here that this means all the skillpoints available to buy on the market in eve will have originated on other characters where they were trained at the normal rate . 
  player driven economies are key to eve design and we want you to decide the value of traded skillpoints while we make sure there is one single mechanism that brings new skillpoints in to the system -- training . 
  ] ( https://community.eveonline.com/news/dev-blogs/skill-trading-in-new-eden/ ), 
  and look where we are now . 
   no matter how much time you can spend playing on any particular week . 
  isk ! = sp and do n't pull that injector argument because this shit is exactly what people were afraid of when they made injectors . 
  injectors also have severe diminishing returns for high sp players , for this reason i will probably never use one . 
  this bullshit is just a flat 20-ish % training speed buff that you can either use by scheduling rl around logins or lose . 
   you 're not having less of what you had before . 
  i do get less than the average guy now though . 
   tl : dr more people in space is a good thing . 
  i did n't read the rest because i 've been spending too much time reading and writing on the issue i do n't believe ccp is going to address . 
  if i ever for some reason deliberately log in to do this daily , i will use an uncatchable interceptor to kill a single belt rat and log out . 
  effectively , i would have zero impact on the game by doing this , except artificially inflating its pcu by following a manipulative psychological trick . 
  because one of the key points of eve was that training is entirely independent of login time . 
  now there 's a ~ 20 % sp bonus for logging in daily , which not everybody can afford to do . 
  in general dailies are cancer that kill will to play for a lot of people in a lot of games . 
  example : i burn out of path of exile mostly because of daily quests . 
  even when i want to log in i have to start my session by doing some annoying shit . 
  then i do n't even want to play anymore . 
  and when ccp made injectors they specifically said they would n't use them as excuse to introduce any sp grind because that was a big concern . 
   [ it 's very important to note here that this means all the skillpoints available to buy on the market in eve will have originated on other characters where they were trained at the normal rate . 
  player driven economies are key to eve design and we want you to decide the value of traded skillpoints while we make sure there is one single mechanism that brings new skillpoints in to the system -- training . 
  ] ( https://community.eveonline.com/news/dev-blogs/skill-trading-in-new-eden/ ), 
  because in poe leveling `` master '' - dudes via dailies opens/improves very powerful crafting system . 
  you can play without it ( and people did for a year or two or three * before it was introduced ) but it makes experience worse . 
  you can also find and level masters during regular gameplay but that 's random and way to slow . 
  here the incentive is lesser but still very noticeable ( ~ 20 % training speed ) and it 's given basically for nothing , forcing you to log in - kill rat - log out . 
  \\* depending on how you count betas, 
  i 've just realised ... my week of exams starts on roughly same day this goes out . 
  this is not a newbie oriented system . 
  make it one and i would n't care . 
  actually i would n't care if this daily only applied until 15m sp or something . 
  right now it 's not a newbie oriented feature . 
  ~ 20 % training speed boost is pointless ? 
  it literally says x.w.x. 
  skill injectors are newbie/midterm player oriented because of diminishing returns . 
  killing one rat is easy regardless of your character 's age and reward is always the same . 
  the reward is 20 % faster training . 
  it may be more pleasant for newbies but that 's subjective . 
  and if you factor in diminishing returns from injectors isk-wise reward is much higher for high-sp players . 
  make these dailies work for sub 5-10m sp characters only and i would n't care . 
  how often does this happen though ? 
  and your solution is to punish people who ca n't log in daily . 
  oh wait , that 's totally not a punishment , right . 
  people saying it runs fine probably mean 15-20fps ` fine ' . 
  because that 's what i got just by casting faster casting - echo - aoe - shock nova on lowest settings in < 1080p resolution . 
  on 4770k integrated video . 
  do you want some pepper with that salt ? 
  not that i agree with it . 
  it is as much ` not a punishment ' as making a real newbro oriented fetaure with proper incentives . 
  i do n't understand is that the total amount of isk in game ? 
  because with those spikes it looks like it should be something else . 
  is it isk traded/exchanged ? 
  it 's more like a y now . 
  what i want to know about new indar is ** why the fuck ** teleporters were n't added to every base ? 
  i 'm already sick of being camped in in those useless new spawn buldings . 
  in russia renovated windows/windows in new houses are all like those . 
  i had no idea it is n't universal . 
   phoenixes : fuck you bitch , you better hide while shooting this thing . 
  it 's almost like you do n't need line of sight when using that thing ... 
  edit : nice downvote , hope you like your truth . 
  20 % training boost seems too nice to pass . 
  sure way to get instagibbed by any competent vanguard driver . 
  post in the main sub . 
  it 's useless here . 
  why is she so surprised ? 
  this is widespread . 
   cheating is definitely not widespread . 
   implementing proper anticheat is a waste of time and money,
