agree , it 's the pathing that sometimes just enrages me . 
  1 . none, 
  13m atm, 
  7legs , all crap , no sets , 250h played, 
  5 . surprisingly , yes . 
  i dont play as often and loot is bad , yes , but fighting mechanics are just so fun and look so smooth that i cant have enough . 
  6 . yes . 
  7 . loot , pvp , new act , d2 classes . 
  maybe its better to rely instead on permanent bonuses from evocation and cooldown rune ? 
  like do you have troubles when there 're a lot of white mobs in nova anyway ? 
  i doubt it . 
  evocation + nova cooldown rune + astral presence + stretch time . 
  for maximum build cohesion . 
  yeah , forgot that one . 
  i 'm undergeared right now , so i use all of those . 
  i also use mistral breeze ( ap twister rune ) since mobs are not standing in place 100 % of the time and wicked wind is not as effective . 
  still does , i often dont bubble with mortars around , this could turn into a suicide . 
  this may surprise you , but not everyone play just to mindlessly farm mp0 for items . 
  pus spitter , tzo krin gaze - fuck you . 
  am i the only one here that thinks that, 
  a ) story is absolutely fine for a diablo game, 
  b ) story is generally ok, 
  i actually did get shivers . 
  then i imagined what if you pulled it upwards ... i wish i didnt . 
  so much this . 
  it 's an okay place to farm , a1 is a pretty easy place to get 5 stacks before taking the portal . 
  but it hurts my eyes , literally , so i stopped farming it . 
  it 's also more repetitive than a3 clears , gets boring much faster . 
  dont understand whats ` creepy ' about them . 
  also dont understand why people think they have to do something with someone else 's relationship . 
  i 'd put it this way :, 
  if you want a mobile ranged damage dealer with good aoe - dh ,, 
  if you want spam buttons in close to mobs , or do a lot of damage while standing still - wiz, 
  i personally wanted to do first , but picked a wrong class , which is a shame . 
  and while cm is pretty fun , i still want a good ranged char for me , but i dont like dh abilities , i want a magic based class . 
  so i play wizard hoping it will get more like a magic-dh some day . 
  well that 's just me . 
  d3 's wizard is very different from d2 sorc . 
  it 's pretty bad as a ranged kiting class , more like mid-close ranged damage while standing still character . 
  if you want a good agile kiting class - i suggest trying dh . 
  generally , there 's to much ambient shit and too little music , although most of it is very nice :(, 
  read patchnotes guys . 
  everything is in there . 
  i agree , bashing on the guy and his game became something of a sport already . 
  it 's annoying . 
  imagine that a guy calls your whole team incompetent . 
  i 'd be mad and i dont blame jw for that . 
  and no , being a guy that created previous diablo games doesnt really matter here . 
  also , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/software_versioning, 
  pvp is fun , but it 's not the base of the game . 
  why can you even think that ? 
  i 'm not grinding anything , i enjoy playing the game . 
  blitzing lvl4 in 0.0 , ratting . 
  grats , you got me , this is so funny i cant even find an answer . 
  up the monster damage ( requires gear and skill for mitigation ) , lower the hp ( requires only gear for dps ) . 
  club you say ? 
  well , i dont blame him . 
  dont agree with flying a frig . 
  this is my first rare with such an awesome roll , and it 's a strange feeling thinking that this item is far more ~ rare ~ than an average legendary drop ... , 
  lem me explain how that works :, 
  account.gold _ balance _ = account.gold _ balance _ - repair_cost ;, 
  account.gold _ balance _ - = repair_cost ;, 
  this is also why i have an almost guaranteed death at the start of my runs . 
  game turns unresponsive for 5s + . 
  before i play hardcore , i have to first play my current hc location on sc for 5 minutes . 
  log window . 
  thinking about it , i actually used it for quite a while , like 2 months . 
  can someone explain for me that wall of text : do i have to edit every one of my 15 overview profiles with new changes ? 
  this was also my first lol, 
  and it dropped to monk , i still have it equipped http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/profile/endeavour-2758/hero/16125390, 
  capslock anyone ? 
  i 'll throw in nync just because no one else did . 
  if i want an item i 'll screenshot it 's stats and set an alarm event in my phone 20 minutes befor it ends . 
  which is just a screwed version of what op suggested . 
  no minbidding needed . 
  i can survive rd packs with 200loh in cm/ww . 
  at 550loh it 's a walk in the park . 
  for the game mechanics hydra is considered a pet . 
  sentry too . 
  yeah nerf this game so even a 5y/o can do inferno with 1 finger !, 
  i , for one , hope that all those bitchy whiners will diaf . 
  it makes me feel better  wan na join the club ? 
  i 'm not talking about constructive criticism . 
  i 'm talking about ` omg blizzard so sold out because rmah paytowin ' type kids . 
  a lot of them , out of nowhere , the moment you mention d3 . 
  7 , never did 10 , feels like a waste of time . 
  when i started playing eve i always loved warping in to some station . 
  first , you start a warp , your speed climbs but you 're still barely moving relative to celestials , then suddenly you accelerate to max warp speed and all the brackets shift rapidly as you travel at ftl speeds . 
  and then magic happens : you slow down , a tiny speck instantly becomes a large planet , another speck - a moon , they grow on your monitor for a couple of seconds and then almost stop , but you 're still moving very fast , and a huge station emerges out of nowhere although you seem to stand still relative to the planet . 
  and then you zoom in and see your cruiser , 10k times smaller than the station . 
  that 's the * scale * . 
  that happened during local record in lxq2 , i guess our cyno died during jump . 
  why cant i upvote every single point you made ? 
  what if you 're replacing a killed hatch that was already producing ? 
  i personally do n't mind coughs if that person does n't have acute fits during whole performance . 
  whispers do make me very angry though . 
  it 's dark * green * dammit !, 
  essentially all that does is binding a second key to your lmb . 
  you might as well glue a wooden bar to your lmb and tp keys . 
  so nothing really to worry about .
