  especially since that often carries some nationality based bias into discussion . 
   i 'm from russia and ccp wo n't allow me to buy plex, 
  whut, 
  edit : ah , the wonders of living in russia ... 
   due to current instability in the russian currency market , we are temporarily suspending sales of plex in rubles . 
  we are actively monitoring the situation and will have more information to share soon . 
  we apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, 
  you can still buy game time though . 
  who knows for how long ... 
  actually i bought another 6 months yesterday , just in case they reevaluate their rub prices . 
  on the faction standings , i 'd skip missions . 
  i did that when blitzing in venal , but i do n't know shit about highsec l4s ( why would i want to lol ) . 
  anything asymmetrical . 
  too many models were lost to the new `` generic symmetric winged spaceship '' trend . 
  i miss old scorpion :(, 
  it used to be enter ... never not change hotkeys without notice soe . 
  my experience was similar to this video : 1 or less , rarely 2 , kills per maxed magazine , even in near-perfect conditions . 
  that is , the magazine that cost me 1700 certs . 
  pathetic . 
  anything below magsize 4-3 must be absolutely unusable for it 's purpose . 
  ah awaits !, 
  give me more ammo so i can actually make more than a kill before having to reload . 
  also ammocap so that i do n't have to resupply every minute . 
  having something good does n't justify making it useless . 
   did the saron need a nerf ? 
  yes . 
  and it 's fine now , and i still use it . 
  i have a maxed ah and it 's better . 
  not the same , worse . 
  ranged attacks are n't possible due to short splash range . 
  ** can we have something asymmetric ? 
  please ? 
  as i said i do have a maxed ah reaver . 
  in basic newtonian physics objects do n't bounce like rubber balls . 
  what rng ? 
  ab in , oneshot 2-3 guys , ab out . 
  do n't touch my oneiros . 
  fuck , why do people want to change perfectly fine looking ships , symbolic even ?!, 
  i suppose the `` nightmare '' part is where it sticks out of the frame ? 
  very nice though , 
  russian, 
  the reason i do n't use throttle analog . 
  no one of the devs playing vehicles , let alone air + / r/infantryside having the loudest voice = nerfs all around and shitty airgame . 
  what do you think about going straight into tengu for new guys ? 
  edit : tengu instead of a bs . 
  yes , i meant tengu instead of bs of course . 
  do you seriously not realize that what newbies can use to compete with skilled pilots skilled pilots can also use to wreck the shit out of everyone else ? 
   yes and banshee does that but its worse than ppa and ah, 
  worse than rocketpods too . 
   you ca n't help but cheer for the driver, 
  go get run over . 
  jesus christ the amount of redditors on powertrip is as high as always . 
  1.5 years of experience say that it is . 
  broken places change , overall brokenness does not . 
  just today : 24vs24 fight , lowish settings , oc 'd 4770k + gtx770 - fps dips into 40s . 
  tank spam ? 
  tanks are reduced to anti-sundy + anti-other-tank role atm . 
  lib spam ? 
  the only lib swarms i 've seen were in 96 vs 48 fights . 
   ( yes , we actually had a daily ingame news page you saw whenever you logged in back then ) . 
  damn , now i know what 's been missing from the login screen . 
  i ca n't compare but to me it looks fine most of the time . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm increasingly avoiding anything above 48 vs 48 . 
  so we provided air support at ikanam , took some risky approaches to suppress the point . 
  apparently our game was n't up to redidiot 's standards . 
  i personally did n't have rocket pods . 
  i also did n't have any friendly fire warnings at all . 
  there were 4 other mossies too . 
  but thanks for the dumbfire i guess . 
  i was trying to have some fun even though i want to uninstall this fucking game for all fps drops , laggy servers , great balancing and whatnot . 
  and then this happens . 
  wtb bs buff, 
   below 70 fps @ultra @ 2560x1440p, 
   never, 
  rrrriiiight . 
  gtx770 , 4770k oc 'd , mixed ( mostly mid ) settings , 1080p - regular 40 fps dips , and even less sometimes . 
  smartbombed while hauling 2b of lp implants in an inty . 
  and i forgot to put the damage control on , maybe it could 've saved me :(, 
  breaking the most basic scientific facts . 
  like , the sunshine . 
  good movie and all . 
  but `` the sun is going out and we need to refuel it with our tiny fission bombs '' -- wat !, 
  all the plot instantly went to shitter at that point . 
  that was fascinating to understand for the first time : all of the wonders of chemistry are caused just by em interactions of the outer shell electrons . 
  i do n't know ... how much tightening are they thinking about ? 
  rotary levels would be appreciated , needler level would be a straight up second nerf . 
  inb4 another winged space-penis . 
  why the fuck people want to change symbolic ships that look functional instead of `` generic spaceplane '' and in their races ' styles ?!, 
  get your hands off my rupture/prophecy/hound / rapier/catalyst/lachesis / others !, 
   were there any technical changes like engine update, 
  i 'll just leave this here :, 
  the most recent pbr update looks like at least a partial update to the rendering process :, 
  but does it mean that at certain energy level they become a single force ? 
  that 's the way i always understood it . 
   no one is patient, 
  yeah , it 's not like we 're still in beta !, 
  gallente must be the top race for new players because muh freedom ( i have fallen for this too ) . 
  to people claiming this is a feature : it 's not . 
   you are complaining about a underperforming weapons that can only be effectively employed in groups . 
  all good pilots say you can beat any lock on pilot .
