  # triggered, 
   meaning you do n't actually have to find the password ... but merely anything that collides with the password . 
  but how does that compromise other resources ? 
  ( see my edit ), 
  as i understand , random collision for ( password + salt ) would be useless even for the compromised resource , that 's exactly what password salting protects from : simple collision search . 
  i 'm interested how the exact original password can be recovered from ` md5 ( password + salt ) ` because in my mind that the only way you can actually compromise the password . 
  ok i see , everything is possible with some stupidity involved , 
  hdr exhaust images , so hot right now . 
  but they seriously look cool . 
  i used to be a dreamer , then i got 90m sp . 
  that is a one-way road . 
  source : am russian . 
  you can also see the pedestrians checking the road looking the other way , where cars are supposed to come from . 
  vivaldi did n't * exist * at that time . 
  i do n't get it , why do you have to apply for work permit now if you are already employed and have a residence permit ? 
  you got a ticket for crossing on a red light , not for looking only one way . 
  there are no lights or signs on these kind of roads ( `` local '' roads ) in russia anyway . 
  has anyone actually claimed ggg should set the item rarity according to the rl price to make that item ? 
  why did he make it the first point of the video ? 
  ( i did n't watch further because ... yeah , starting your video with insults and void points does that ), 
  the only argument i 've seen is that div cards failed at their purpose , to give an option to targeted farm an item , instead of farming currency to trade for it . 
  [ it 's just your imagination !, 
  there were fewer than 10 cheaters total since ps2 release !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/4wvt7s/is_this_game_still_worth_starting/d6agovf?context=3 ), 
  on ha too . 
  some good terrain in vr too . 
  he also had 2 shock stacks in the vid . 
  mines basically do n't work anymore . 
  i run over/past them 80 % of the time . 
   but when i play my blastrain and clear gorge in ~ 4 minutes ( without picking up loot ) and then see that other guys clear it in 2 or less with coc ... 
  it just feels shitty . 
  and much worse when your party mate 's build ends up on a different end of the clear meta scale . 
  well that was kinda depressing to watch ( i 'm late , i know ) . 
   these guys suggest we just transliterate it into russian, 
  literally nobody in this thread said that . 
  you should leave your preconceived notions on eve-ru if that 's where you come from . 
  go back to eve-ru with your middle school insults pls tia . 
  it is called that in russian slang though . 
  the idea is neat but the end result looks too ugly and cumbersome in text form . 
  not really , * to exhume * exist in russian only as `` grave digging '' ( usually with intention of changing burial place ) . 
   i do n't really see how `` command destroyer '' could be localized into russian and not look like nonsense . 
   i do n't want to sound indignant but in english it 's used mostly in that very same context . 
  thanks , til . 
  now i wo n't end up looking like an idiot using this word when talking about rl mining or something :d, 
   every time i click a link , it opens in a new tab, 
  if you 're talking about google search results page then it 's set up there . 
  clicking links works as usual in vivaldi . 
   it takes forever for the grenades to explode, 
  couple of days ago i unloaded 3 emps directly at a tank mined sunderer . 
  they did n't blow up after the last throw , and , i think , at all . 
   if you are bored on your first playthrough i suggest you stop playing . 
  mechanically the game is pretty boring/clunky while leveling in normal which takes a lot of time on first playthrough . 
  if everyone followed your advice we would have no players . 
  basically try to level as fast as possible . 
  normal can be annoying to play through due to slow attack/movement resulting in clunky controls . 
  fortunately you can breeze through it in several hours ( like 3-4 , non-tryhard mode ) when you know what you 're doing . 
  satisfaction in this game mainly comes from inventing builds . 
  it gives feeling of bending the game to your will in your unique way . 
  so i suggest you get familiar with skills , passives and interactions and then try something unusual ( it may have been done already , but it 's always fun to reinvent instead of blindly following a guide ) . 
  also consider playing hardcore for additional thrill . 
  that dot mod is a mouthful . 
  try leading while blinded by flak , then come back here . 
  should also wreck your display and video card . 
  because * muh explosive rounds *, 
  must be nice to feel superior ? 
  wow , this bot is multi-lingual ? 
   sorry but not sorry . 
  since flak is simply a minor annoyance to most people who still fly, 
  yeah ... no . 
  and i was n't asking about your feelings , i simply stated that aiming through flak is challenging and can be impossible . 
  you 're mistaken if you think this will get rid of russian players . 
  my ping is 70 and i 'm closer to ural than to moscow . 
  people here should also make up their mind whether they hate zergfits , high ping players , or they 're just being bigoted towards all russians . 
   it does , they group together and do n't co-operate with other squads . 
  most of them do n't even speak english, 
  how dare they . 
   plus they completely ruin the game for everyone with their `` tactics '', 
  it 's not their problem that the game incentivizes zerging . 
   i ca n't fight anyone that 's of my skill level, 
  well , maybe their skill level is higher if they can do all that fancy stuff better . 
  if you did n't try it , put away your rocket pods for now and try to focus on a2a fighting with ab pods ( when you feel like it ) . 
  that way you can choose your engagements better both through the power of ab pods and simply by going after one kind of targets . 
  no they do n't . 
  just as broken as other mines , maybe with less guarantee to survive it in lags since they have smaller activation window to begin with . 
  sodium and potassium nitrates are not flammable or explosive by themselves , they are just strong oxidisers and need reducing agents ( fuel ) to become dangerous . 
  ammonium nitrate , which was stored at the site , is explosive by itself though . 
  sodium cyanide wo n't react with water to produce hydrogen cyanide ( at least in gas form , there will be equilibrium in solution ) . 
  also hydrogen cyanide ( hcn ) is not an ion , cyanide ( cn ^ - ) is . 
  ions are not flammable and generally are not present in their free form . 
  hydrogen cyanide is flammable but it 's not the problem since it kills you far sooner than flammability becomes a problem . 
   when in a hover battle thrust up and down ( vertically ) while shooting to avoid getting hit . 
  do this while rolled 30-60 degrees for more evasion ( and harder aiming ) . 
  network latency does n't change much and it 's the main criterion . 
  how about fixing debris instakills before implementing this useless shit ? 
  more than half the problems he names are on the servers . 
  but please continue with your stockholm syndrome . 
  what we want is debris flying everywhere killing performance and everything else . 
   inb4 that people start to claim that he should have know about that bug, 
  he said himself that he knew about it and tried to find a fix for it . 
  and yet he chose to play srs in a flashback race .
