  i 've experienced this game on all ends : ivi , a2g , g2a , tanks , harassers , you name it . 
  my character name is in the flair , you can look me up . 
  ( and see that of all ai weapons i only have 3 esf guns auraxed , and that i mostly play infantry ) . 
  i never felt helpless or outraged or whatever when playing infantry against vehicles or with vehicles present . 
  because in the rare times i do die to vehicles i know it 's one of three things : a ) awareness failure/failure to use cover , b ) failure to use counters , c ) picking a fight against overwhelming numbers . 
  all three are perfectly valid game situations so i do n't run and cry about them on reddit . 
  i either change the way i play the fight , pull counters or look for another fight in case of an overpop . 
  if you care for an anecdote , most of my friends who used to play this game ( about half a dozen people ) have quit because of 2 things : a ) shit-tier quality and performance , clientside etc , b ) quote , `` people made of concrete '' , aka has - to generalize , infantry play . 
  not overpowered vehicles or anything like that . 
  that is what literally each of them says when i ask why do n't they play with me in this game anymore . 
  how else do you explain that a deeply buried comment in a thread that is falling off the front page is nearly instantly downvoted multiple times ? 
  that 's a reason for brigading it ? 
  because you did n't explain how it magically got all the attention . 
  edit : and now all of my recent comments are at -4 / -5 . 
  like i said , pathetic . 
  keep on circlejerking , idgaf . 
  for a2a , you do n't have to use 3rd person view , although it helps . 
  more important is listening in to the sounds . 
  each esf and each weapon has a distinct sound . 
  having good volume level and good headphones is quite important in the air game . 
  do n't listen to music , if you do . 
  also , i 'd suggest specializing in one activity/loadout . 
  only attack other esfs with a banshee when you know you can win against them or have good outs ( like a friendly aa nest nearby ) . 
  for a2g , i personally did n't try it after nerf . 
  i 'd suggest only farming really big chokepoints where you know where big ball of infantry is beforehand , or small fights where nobody bothers to pull a counter . 
  ( sorry , infantryside , i hate farming small fights but that 's what we are reduced to now . ), 
  do n't use hornets , they are garbage now . 
  try rocketpods if you like . 
  maybe try nv optics although i think they are still garbage . 
  well , engagement radar was kind of a `` training wheels '' item before , so you have to just learn to predict where your opponent will move . 
  you get a free slot in return . 
  i do n't think using 3rd person view is mandatory to keep track of your opponent . 
  i think actually i mostly use it to get a cleaner reverse maneuver . 
  also , the way you talk about it , it seems that you do n't hover fight , and whether you like it or not , it 's the most efficient way for a2a in planetside ( not talking about rushing and oneclipping here ) . 
  in hoverfights you face your opponent most/all of the time and target reaquisition is n't really a problem . 
  if you are n't familiar with this stuff i suggest you look up some reverse maneuver and esf tutorials on youtube . 
  hader had some good stuff i think . 
  yeah , in initial acquisition target may go on and off screen but after you start fighting proper you 'll stay in hover facing your opponent majority of the time ( unless they flee ) . 
  watch for target 's contrails ( white wing traces ) , engine effects to get the idea which way and how fast they 're going . 
  it just comes with experience , like everything else in the air , 
  then use bulk price for subscription too , it 's < $ 15/mo . 
   as you see , you also need `` anecdote '' to build any kind of case . 
  that 's where you 're mistaken . 
  i 'm not trying to build any kind of case here . 
  that would be a job for the non-existent dev balance team . 
   on hossin , where esf can spot you through foliage, 
  i literally never have been killed through the foliage on hossin . 
  in my a2g experience that would be ineffective ( at least as an esf ) since you ca n't predict target movement ( ca n't see the model ) and whether you 'll hit a tree trunk or not . 
   and create such barrels as mathersons, 
  there are a ton of shitty designed bases in this game and no amount of nerfs ( sans total removal ) to ai will fix them . 
  do n't fight there if you want to have a non-shitty experience . 
   fly over landing pads, 
  there 's absolutely no reason for people to be at the biolab landing pads when there are teleporters . 
  they are noob traps/zergfit farm spots . 
  see : shitty base design . 
   exposed a points, 
  you can argue that those bases are an example of vehicles actually participating in the main game in some kind of way . 
  this . 
  mines are a bad mechanic on all levels . 
  their asymmetrical balance is bad , where one is either op or bad , their fun value for user is low , their interaction value for victim is negative . 
  you know , i agree , setting up pi is a nasty clickfest . 
  what i do n't understand is the demand for spending developer time on improving this right now and not later , even though ccp has sov , new structures , balance etc etc to tackle - far more important issues . 
  do people really set up new planets daily or even weekly to be annoyed by this so much ? 
  i mean i last set up mine like a year ago and enjoy passive income with zero clickfest for all that time . 
  this , due to keybinds i 'm probably 2 times faster in scanning down sigs using the new scanner . 
  spotting is useless for esf play since its range is minuscule compared to esf speeds . 
  even when hovering you 're maneuvering around the base to change angles and shake off attackers which in most cases will lead to you leaving the spotting radius . 
  in most cases you ca n't hover at a base for any prolonged period at all due to massive aa presence . 
  touch thread, 
  not even almost , single primary + secondary volley to rear alphas lightnings . 
  this window needs more grouping . 
  like , why are optimal and falloff so spaced out ? 
  i 'm happy with the content you released over that period . 
  however i and many others are n't happy with `` softcorezation '' that has been undeniably happening . 
  not everyone monitors every game news site looking for the news about a niche game ( that it was at the time ) . 
  if they would 've officially announced console development like a year ago , i would 've saved myself quite a bit of money . 
  the game used to be harder and slower . 
  current balance makes it into a flashy sonic-the-hedgehog faceroll simulator . 
  this is the issue . 
  why do n't you fuck off the airpad and use a teleporter ? 
  \\  if people dont want to pvp, 
  \\  eve, 
  devs have the official website to announce such drastic changes in the game direction . 
  i want the game to be challenging at all times , not in the very extreme cases that i wo n't ever reach just because i do n't have time to play for weeks non-stop . 
  console development . 
  i messaged the owner and he discontinued supporting it . 
  the stats puller is shut down and website will run out soon . 
  i do n't exactly want to reach endgame . 
  i want the game to be challenging all the way . 
  `` 99 % of the game is too easy . '', 
  better now ? 
  wall climbing is totally not an exploit , guys !, 
  intended functionality that only reliably works when you have 80 + fps ? 
  it 's a consequence of their shitty engine and lack of staff to test and redo all walls in the game . 
  some were replaced when maps were redesigned . 
  it was pretty different in 1.0 . 
  conversely , it 's a failure of the game when a light vehicle can do this to an mbt . 
  pls tell me more . 
  rip poe 2013-2015 , it was fun . 
  it 's a shame that hardcore playerbase was led on by ggg for so long .
