  to play unattentively was foolish . 
  i 'm not claiming anything based on money . 
  the guy above ( deleted comment ) felt entitled to know . 
  something something before it was cool, 
  how will they work now though , if you can play with a bit tougher restrictions but for free ? 
  good small scale pvp happens once a month ? 
  try at least once a day if you 're persistent . 
  met him . 
  how the fuck do you pay out 36k ? 
  how do court costs end up at 36k ? 
  the way he opens the bottle and then moves the bromine vapor up to his face by moving his hands without thinking . 
   i love that this games has ways for unskilled players to temporarily gain enough power to kill more skilled players . 
  is this `` the tomcat argument '' again ? 
  where no skilled player ever abuses `` new player aid * '' mechanic ? 
  \\* - except they are n't new player aids , they are just shitty designed no skill mechanics . 
  i 'm not complaining about tomcats , i 'm referring to the * but muh newbies * argument that was popular with them . 
  it does n't work because easymode just gets abused by everyone . 
  people saying `` take the whole realm down '' have no clue how a business works . 
  queue is already getting low . 
  take a fucking chill pill . 
  i imagine the smell alone is revolting . 
  otherwise , the effects are similar to chlorine , which too forms acids in lungs/throat . 
  i for one like when game ui has an audible response . 
  crybabies having a fit vov, 
   this happens every league launch, 
  no actually , the prophecy launch was very smooth . 
  what an annoying crowd . 
  i know i would 've wanted to get away from their noises to listen to the nature . 
  just need to react to attack cues in time and have better movement speed/other movement skills . 
  everything that comes out with boxes gets into the main store eventually afaik . 
  shields are really stupid in this game but you came up with the weakest argument against them . 
  that is a bug . 
  just because it 's not fixed does n't make it a feature . 
  who says it 's intended by developers ? 
  no other weapon does this . 
  no description says hornets should . 
  the behaviour is unintuitive . 
  it 's a bug that no one cares to fix . 
  at least until devs say otherwise . 
   other than fisting every hour or so, 
   you ca n't expect support classes, 
  such as light assault . 
   a good la shreds a good ha any day of the week, 
  wtb video recording . 
  wow , you got me . 
  still want to see a video of la consistently winning against non-shit has . 
  for education , if anything . 
  too oversaturated colors . 
  launcher does n't fully work for me on linux ( the ui crashes ) , what do ? 
  idk , i kinda dislike that it downloads its own wine build . 
  maybe i should update mine to devel channel first . 
  or try using qt files from that archive . 
  can people get a habit of posting ** their goddamn toaster specs ? 
  i swear 99 % of these threads have no pc spec info . 
  hint : it is kind of ... important . 
   are they fixing the security issue with never-expiring login & refresh tokens ? 
  this need to be higher . 
  ** revoking existing auth tokens when ? 
  it 's such a ridiculous flaw it 's outrageous . 
  nice idea , but between all the details needing additional implementation ( like locking ships in bays for the duration ) and necessity of long duration ( even 48h will allow people to easily pile up on most strat ops in eve ) i think it 's better to try to work with what we have now . 
  there are a lot of tweakable factors in the current system : ranges , jdc , fatigue , jump timer , multiplier etc. 
  someone just needs to work on them . 
  this feels like padding though . 
  i 'm not too proud of it but i got my terminal hacks part during normal infil gameplay . 
  just finished it a week or so ago . 
  it just feels better when you do n't go out of your way to specifically grind the achievements . 
  daily reminder that cheaters are totally not widespread in ps2 . 
  battleye when ? 
  looks like a toggle . 
  because fuck newbies that 's why . 
  coming 2019 . 
  oh wow you used 6 people to defeat 1-3 . 
  i do striker valks too and it 's fun but kinda ` meh ' in efficiency , and ragetells you get must be just unstable players not knowing what they 're dealing with . 
  me too but i did always go overtime with it . 
  i did n't follow chemistry path though though so i did few of them . 
  yep . 
  it 's a bad idea to hard code eve slang which changes over time into market search . 
   the hang/hitch/crash appears to be a missed code promotion from pts to live, 
  in regards to this , there was an old question . 
  what kind of source control do you guys use ? 
  how does something from test branch just make its way into release branch ? 
  idk , there were reports of the same bug on pts which led me to my interpretation . 
   groundpounding is the most skillless, 
  try g2a lockons . 
  g2a lockons is the most skilless activity in this game . 
  i personally sure feel like defending something in feythabolis , lol . 
  so , is the bug where working generators show as broken on the map fixed ? 
  just one of the 3 + yo bugs from the top of my head . 
  http://www.snorgtees.com/two-moles-per-liter or amazon . 
  there was and then google removed it in chrome 52 . 
   make those 2-3k certs back in a couple of hours . 
  2500 cert * 250 xp/cert / ( 60 m/hr * 2 hr ) = 5200 spm, 
  edit : post math - get downvote -- / r/planetside, 
  bonus points : add cool unlocking animation like `` unfreezing '' essences . 
  mfw someone has c4 arx on ps4 and i still did n't get my frag grenade aurax on pc, 
  looks like a lot of fun , well done . 
  pretty much anything since alpha-particles are just helium-4 nuclei and most ( every ? ), 
  decay chains have some alpha-decays in them . 
  the entrance stairs look like bottleneck nightmare . 
  also did exiting it cause the same day-night changing bug multiple times as when you exit ascent cave ?
