  it 's a sci-fi game , remember ? 
   casuals do n't know about the reverse maneuver or at least know how to execute it so they get picked off easily, 
  learning rm takes 10 minutes in vr/wg . 
  after that you can at least turn and face your opponent . 
  which - surprise - increases your chances drastically , as opposed to being picked off from the back . 
  the rest has much less to do with rm itself and much more with precision and dodging . 
  sigh . 
  you said, 
   the kind of dogfighting in ps2 is just circling around each other in place and spamming the reverse thrusters , not very unique . 
  a ) this is not how dogfighting works in ps2 . 
  not at all . 
  b ) if you really want to see `` circling around '' i suggest you go look up bf4 dogfighting . 
  it 's a shit opinion that makes wrong conclusions and has no basis in reality . 
  then you ( not you personally ) repeat same false shit over and over again and it becomes annoying and prompts a reaction . 
  tldr : learn your stuff before calling people toxic after they debunk your myths for nth time . 
   i would n't know because they 're never around . 
  you 're taking a picture that is used as a rhetoric literally . 
  yes , there are less pilots because pilots are leaving mostly due to dbg 's failure to fix a2ams . 
  yes , there still are pilots and due to experienced pilots leaving - even more a2g pilots that are most efficiently countered by a2a pilots . 
   where does it say it 's used to thrust all over the place while in combat ? 
  there : `` high thrust-to-weight '' , `` sci-fi game '' . 
   makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . 
  so now , who 's really ~ toxic ~ here ? 
  ^ ^ man , ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ a ^ ^ funny ^ ^ word . 
   then you must be playing a different game . 
  so you went and simplified ps2 's dogfighting with all the dodging and aiming , maintaining hover or rushing , attempts at getting positional advantage via short burst of thrust combined with careful attitude control to `` just circling around each other in place and spamming the reverse thrusters '' ? 
  did i tell you you 're full of shit ? 
  maybe instead of pointing fingers you should try to look at the thing without stereotypes and see its beauty ? 
  also , here 's that bf4 video , enjoy your circling : https://youtu.be/i1lcsaj8mus, 
   they are either nowhere to be seen or spawn camping the crap out of a base . 
  so first you said pilots have no effect with their `` 1v1s '' . 
  now they 're shutting down base 's defenses allowing ground players easy capture . 
  as to when there are no air in the fight : do you know what flak is ? 
  it 's quite powerful , i tell you . 
   there 's gravity , right ? 
  there are also means to counteract it . 
  like jet propulsion . 
   then you 're flying to low or too slow . 
  i thought you were asking why there is no air in many large fights ? 
  that 's the answer . 
   it 's infantry and ground support who do that . 
  air just comes in and feeds off the rest . 
  or maybe , you know , it 's a team effort . 
  what 's your point anyway ? 
  i showed you several examples of air participating in the general game but you keep coming up with this situational and arbitrary stuff . 
   not the way it works in this game . 
  i sure would like to see huge rocket-like jets on esfs but i 'm afraid it 'd kill performance , make esfs stand out and look stupid . 
  the point is that conventional plane physics ( that would be very simplified anyway ) is not the only way to design flying . 
  and for hover flight model the physics are done pretty well in ps2 . 
  the basis of it is that thrust application is attitude dependant . 
  this simple base gives a lot of freedom and allows for variety of styles and maneuvers . 
   they just should n't be able to instantly switch between hover and forward thrusters . 
  they should also not be able to carry almost 100 rockets . 
  that 's just the obvious changes . 
  now you switch to arguing balance ? 
   not to mention being able to go from 200kph to 0kph in 2 seconds . 
  there 's this thing called forward momentum . 
  it seems that there 's a misunderstanding . 
  i did n't mean that ps2 flight is consistent with real physics . 
  that 's what sims are for . 
  designing based purely on realism generally leads to bad/boring design . 
  what i meant is that there is a solid physics framework behind esfs based on directional application of thrust . 
  this simple base gives a lot of freedom and allows for variety of styles and maneuvers . 
  it ends up being more fun if you invest some time in it because of its freedom . 
  ( the ability to face your opponent is also pretty awesome . ), 
  so why did you waste all this time arguing about physics and esf viability and pilot attitude if at the end you just came back to usual a2g balance talk ? 
  i 'm a programmer , i know what you mean . 
  i also know that when you change something as basic as controls in * the game about controls * - you should get yelled at ( figuratively ) not only by your playerbase but your pms too . 
  the majority was dont make this change because that and that and that is fucked up in that and that and that way . 
   so instead of listening , and providing tweaking feedback ,, 
   that and that and that is fucked up in that and that and that way . 
  i 've seen like dozen + posts like this . 
  with descriptions of what particularly was off . 
  in this case it 's waste of air , not a discussion , because as it turns out , you do n't have a point to discuss . 
  the first seconds look similar to what i experienced on pts in the first mass test . 
  aim being all over the place . 
  the rest ... well , they were kinda flying in a straight line . 
   i do n't know if people gave any actually useful feedback, 
  they did . 
  so i tested it and it was a lot better than last time i actually fought on pts with those controls . 
  it 's different but manageable , at least at my sill level ( not high ) . 
  flight sens. 
  0.509 , 1800dpi, 
   hmmm , config showed me mousesmoothing = 1, 
  there are 2 of those , look in the general section . 
  this is not normal ( if not staged ) though . 
  opera 12 rarely uses more then 1.2-1 .4 g for me . 
  praise phase 2 flight controls ? 
  you got ta understand that there 's very little trust for dbg for a reason . 
  judging by reports and my own testing it indeed looks very much like a settings problem . 
  before testing today i glanced quickly over sensitivity sliders and noticed a joystick support ( or something ) check box under them . 
  i turned it off just in case . 
  then i tried flying and did n't notice big differences , there were some but not at all like at pts masstest where i could n't aim at all . 
  another reason is maybe that i do n't use pitch hotkeys . 
  flight sens is .509 , 1800dpi . 
  at first i thought `` why do you keep a motherboard in an eve case ? '', 
  but then i was like `` oh ... you may have a problem . '', 
  `` test is old ? 
  they appeared on the map about the same time i started playing ... 
  damn , i am old . '',
