  yeah , it 's not like they 've rewritten fleet bonuses , among other things . 
  i manage skillqueue and market from work machine that has a 3rd gen i5 or something . 
  cpu integrated video . 
  under wine too . 
  it 's playable but 30 fps is not really comfortable . 
  you may get more though by running minimal resolution ( i ca n't be bothered to change from 1080p ) . 
  2x speed gameplay looks so chill with no camera bobbing . 
   kpu does not tell you how a weapon performs . 
  i do n't understand why people are saying this . 
  how is a dimensionless ratio ( amount/amount ) not a performance metric and how a metric of amount/time dimension is ? 
  kph , kills and uniques are all dimension quantities and thus are popularity , not performance , metrics , even though kph is less so than the other two . 
  * i used to rat there . 
  belts with a hurricane , that was a long time ago ... 
  * sensible chuckle, 
  well , i was checked on a selbstkontrolle train twice in a span of a week . 
  that 's how random works , 
  ( surprisingly ) it 's not even op 's intention to blame a2g , but infantryside do n't care . 
  my personal highlight to the video is how 12 tr rockets on a flak-less target is not enough . 
  `` hey , dedicated ai weapons counter clumped groups of players with constrained mobility with no aa present . 
  waste : dogfighting airframe . 
  it trolls me every time by being first in the list . 
  i 'm suddenly not comfortable with my undock bookmarks, 
  did n't they learn about camera inertia with the new map already ? 
  i swear , every time i try to do similar things against vanguards i just get * clicked * out of the sky . 
  gives me anxiety when flying anti-tank against nc . 
  agreed on the tc effect . 
  they seem to have scaled back the sb effect , tc should get the same treatment . 
  those two are the only reason i disable ` effects ' in large fleet . 
  and miss out on titan portal/portal tunnel that way ;\\, 
  people say a lot of things . 
  i agree , it was several gfs . 
  i count at least three full scale , good fleet fights : ypw gate , 78 gate and 78/c-j on-gate standoff + fight . 
  do all people devolve into 15 year olds on the internet that are able to think only in black and white ? 
  does it have problems ? 
  yes . 
  is it shit ? 
  will the bad stuff get fixed ? 
  certainly . 
  but no , lets just spew tons of shit towards the guy who wrote a devblog , that sounds way easier that thinking rationally . 
  different name , less people , same shit . 
  first : jaguar, 
  favourite : armistice/banshee ( old ), 
  because for same speed you get better precision . 
  software sensitivity works by multiplying movement , making it uneven and/or making some pixels inaccessible . 
  hardware sensitivity ( dpi ) gives more speed while retaining 1:1 dot : pixel ratio . 
  feel free to look at other metrics , they all basiaclly look the same ( except air kpu , that one 's weird ) . 
  before you come at me with raw kills and uniques - those show that a lot of people enjoy using a weapon , nothing else . 
   kinda hypocritical to recommend nanoweave with one line, 
  why ? 
  it 's identical for any class and works with any playstyle ( except ones involving explosives ) . 
  it 's just choosing the right type of defence for a situation . 
  this logic does n't make sense unless you want your practice to be somewhat masochistic . 
  you have to agree that having a fleet warp in , jam/alpha the entosing ship and warp out is a problem . 
  even jamming with throwaway ships works because of instant auto regen on the nodes . 
  and i think we 'll see these two addressed in the near future , because one is violating the `` no weaponized boredom '' requirement and the other violates the grid control requirement . 
  those are clear goals stated by ccp and unless they abandoned this effort completely , i trust in them to address the issues . 
  after all , this is only the first real major war under the new sov , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  http://go-dl1.eve-files.com/media/corp/verite/20100807.png jove systems are used by ccp for testing . 
  piling 2k + warm bodies onto a single grid did n't suck dicks ? 
  well if you 're into that kind of thing ... 
  exactly why i did n't buy it . 
  no interest in the contents for that price ( i bought lotv for same ) and no desire to support this company . 
   the reason to do so is always the content in the package , which enhances the gameplay enough to be worth 40 $, 
  i would 've bought it if i wanted to support them even though the only thing that interests me is the boost which i do n't want for $ 40 . 
  but i do n't for the reasons similar to op 's . 
  bad balancing work , unstopping stream of bugs , some of them persisting since beta , and degrading performance * again * after a boost in the multithreading patch . 
  rip, 
   new, 
  `` gd-7f is the best carbine terran republic has to offer . 
  holy shit ewoks are on par with gungans in silliness . 
  i meant that it already was like that in the past . 
   remove all ai platforms from vehicles except the lib . 
   burster max should be lowered to 350 resources . 
  u w0t, 
  or , you know , choose your positioning close to friendly aa and far from significant enemy air forces . 
  or take the air attack risk inherent to lone flanking . 
  they decided to let the fight stay good for a change . 
  / u/verite _ rendition , what do you think ? 
  note : that will purge all test server files . 
  purging with the beta launcher should n't ( i think ) . 
  why are you linking a graph that shows popularity of a weapon ? 
  might as well link uniques . 
  namely , tr got something long range that does n't suck . 
  that 'll need some getting used to . 
  it 's cool to see that the small magnet attracted the big stack slightly . 
  every game is perfectly balanced in the medkitland . 
  just take one new and you 'll see it too !, 
  those shell explosions sound so good . 
  when and what has happened to the sounds in this game ? 
  amerish skybox is one of the reasons it 's my favourite continent . 
   except for an absurdly difficult vanguard ap shot, 
  kek, 
  or emp . 
   this is where i stopped reading . 
  meh ... that shit is like in every other esf thread . 
  so i continued on and found this :, 
   increase ammo capacity of nose guns by 3-5x testing required to be sure which amount is ideal for continued engagement in a2a, 
   increase damage on wing mounted weapons to compensate for lack of additional ammo ( think 2-4x , testing required . ), 
  you 're gon na argue about esfs on a `` man-stuck-in-midair '' case ? 
  try harder .
