   but null has supercaps everywhere all day every day , does n't it ? 
  what the fuck do you even know about supers ? 
  mind = blown, 
  alliance ts is literally a salt mine right now , 
  fun and engaging artillery gameplay . 
  it 's not fun . 
  bottom line . 
  trying to stop the fastest tank while under fire from the max alpha tank to achieve your only chance of defeating him = total shit . 
  lockdown concept = total shit . 
  try it then . 
  i tried all and i know my least favorite . 
   the max alpha tank, 
  = = vanguard, 
  you must stop the fastest tank ( prowler ) before you can activate it 's buggy ability . 
  wts stationary prowler , wtb timed buff prowler . 
  seriously , shut up and take my money right now !, 
  not everyone likes to play artillery . 
  i pull lightnings far more often than prowlers . 
  in fact i do latter only to gun/drive for a friend and it always ends with both of us being disgusted by that tank . 
  : effort :, 
  the most amusing thing is that a lot of people are upset because they misunderstood/didn ' t read the details . 
  another fun thing are calls for ccp to do `` enough '' optimisations to support * more * people in a system . 
  related : `` why wo n't they optimise sentry drone performance instead of nerfing them . '', 
  10/10 i ca n't even . 
  i say it 's minor difference from what we have now . 
  now you can rf at any time and so what ? 
  it will come out at fuck o'clock in the morning ( tm ) anyway . 
   prove that these allegations are unfounded , and demonstrate that she is n't using her influence to whitewash potential issues that could effectively destroy the csm 's reputation in the eyes of the player base . 
  how the fuck can you even prove that ? 
  good income source for line members and not as mind-numbing as anomalies are . 
  more people supported by a system . 
  agents in outposts is an obvious way for systems to support large populations . 
  especially since npc nullsec already does it . 
  the only thing that needs to be invented is the agent placement rules and `` recruitment '' mechanic . 
   the value of sov needs to increase at a corp/alliance level , not at a pilot level . 
  what can corps/alliances ( or select few players ) do ? 
  supers production , t2/general production , large scale pi , moon goo , i 'm sure i forgot some more . 
  what can a line member do ? 
  ~ ~ bot ~ ~ grind anomalies with occasional escalations . 
  if alliance want a share of that - ccp should make alliance level taxes . 
  but currently sov is not more desirable for line members than for alliance/leadership . 
  also , google uri schema must become a thing . 
  even the launcher started working recently . 
  every time i see a video of them i dislike the extra-long deceleration and fall after you released the key . 
  that will probably result in a lot of deaths . 
  no i mean player deaths . 
  that fall/landing is extra time where you have very little control over anything . 
  what if they 'll decide to change reqs or make a ship that does n't require t1 base to v ? 
  ( apparently already true for jumpfreigters ; prereqs were changed for caps too ), 
  it should stay as the most consistent way of description . 
  the current ra does n't have much in common with it 's previous iteration . 
  and this also applies for like 5 + `` iterations before the previous one '' . 
  better do this in a newbie system of your choice . 
  while i do n't approve of ragetells using lockons wo n't improve your flying . 
  you can do some a2g to better learn hover mechanics and maneuvering . 
  other than that it 's all about accuracy and dodging - so practice , practice , practice . 
  yeah , i guess if you do n't get this `` ugh ! '', 
  for lockons you can use them for a little while to get used to looking at the target . 
  but after like a day of some flying i do n't think they 'll be much more help skill-wise . 
  because that 's what it is . 
  / downvote, 
  is it ? 
  the last level costs like the others combined and what do 20m mean in a tank anyway ? 
  i know . 
  but does it really matter if they 're on top of you ? 
  the grind is a bad word . 
  it 's more like a continuous learning experience . 
  itt : why we do n't have an airgame . 
  it 's smoother too . 
  reversed 2 times in a row into rocks . 
  got ta be extra careful on amerish ... 
  never underestimate the horns . 
  all those cells with formulas amirite, 
  someone got mean on reddit , better uninstall now !, 
  also upgrade now and buy back the energy they still did n't give back . 
  enlighten us . 
  paging / u/bburness ( sorry , do n't have other ps2 devs ' handles at hand ), 
  please finish what higby wanted to do . 
  please cut down this plague from an otherwise amazing airgame . 
  these threads do n't have to continue and be continuously ignored . 
  pls . 
  there 's no cover , it 's hard to run out of esf 's lock on range even with afterburners , the lock can come from any direction ( you usually know where the g2a is located ) , you can not run from it and repair - the esf will follow and finish you . 
   i struggle to think of situations where it 's useful ;, 
  killing a somewhat defended sunderer in a small fight ( less important now that there 's imba-shield ) . 
   they stopped, 
  not before we spent 2 days moving there t_t, 
  they already removed the timer . 
  what do you want , that people get vehicles for free ? 
   make spawning vehicles at the warp-gate free . 
  this will essentially make almost any esf free ( except for cases of heavy warpgate camps ) . 
  better than previous one or two . 
  is reddit high or something ? 
  any zkill layout is shit ( trying to look ~ modern ~ but failing at usability in the process ) . 
  eve-kill ( old ) would be perfect killboard but it lacks almost any filtering options . 
  the best kb i know is this one : http://killboard.solar-fleet.ru/, 
  it has almost any filter imaginable and simple and functional design . 
  unfortunately it 's so fucking proprietary that xix were forced to find new one just when mactep said the word . 
  this was a pain to set up and targets are still too close to the label and too far from everything else . 
  ccplease !, 
  also i 'd really like to choose the old damage bars without those fancy circles .
