  in the air needler is ` meh ' , rotary is ` ugh ' , pods require more uptime than others , banshee is nerfed , reaver is faster with ab and it 's ab is very strong , also giving advantage in hoverfights , scythe has better profile - again for hoverfights . 
  also , prowler is so disgusting to use as a tank that i consistently have more fun pulling lightnings . 
  edit : i wish downvoters would say what exactly in this post they disagree with . 
  i do n't remember how it used to work but i expect the refund to go over 750 nanite cap . 
  then people could change loadouts/continents with less punishment . 
  well shit , i guess i remembered wrong . 
  with no - at least partial - refund there 's really no point in it then . 
   try something at least . 
  land and bail . 
  you 're a usual ignorant that defends a broken weapon in an area of the game you know nothing about . 
  19 kills in a mossie , what the fuck are you doing in this thread ? 
  please tell me more about the game you do n't play . 
  / u/radar _ x, 
  do you think it 's normal , that a lot of people here believe that they are abandoned by the devs and nothing will ever be done on the matter ? 
  meh , so op did n't read the warning and did n't know where he was going since autopilot wo n't route through lowsec by default . 
  might consider this a ( very cheap ) lesson . 
  this thing , did you click it ? 
  well , you 've been warned . 
  also , no tutorial mission will lead you to lowsec . 
  yes , unless they changed it which i doubt . 
  op either set the route to or manually entered lowsec . 
  i thought you did . 
  would be neat to swap loadouts that way . 
  oh radar definitely `` shut me down '' by denying his company my money . 
  on other buttmad stuff you wrote : i was talking not about planetside 2 as a whole but about the airgame that you do n't play and yet come here and offer your bullshit `` opinions '' on it . 
  but it 's funny how you try to attack me personally , please continue . 
  and if you 'd actually look carefully , i did sit in a valkirye . 
  not too enjoyable . 
  you talk as if there was a one-time giveaway of esf skills at the start of the game and everyone who not made it are doomed . 
  i started flying around january 2014 and learned fine . 
  there were even more aces then than there are now . 
  i think the thing that helped me most was having a wingman . 
  that way it 's a lot more fun even if you lose . 
   making videos showing off how good a2as are in the hands of a knight does not actually prove they are overpowered , a stock nosegun is also overpowered in the hands of a knight . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9bd2gw4bii is that proof enough for you ? 
  both pilots in the video are highly skilled . 
   making all the enemy skygods ragequit for the night is a great way, 
  i would n't call a weapon that is only truly viable at trolling other players `` great '' in any way . 
  if the dev team believes a2ams help new pilots then we 're as good as abandoned . 
  that myth was deconstructed like a hundred times . 
  so do you think that tomcats become magically unusable when you become `` experienced '' ? 
  no , that 's why they 're broken . 
  new pilots will get destroyed regardless , because they ca n't hold even that huge reticle on the target , the coyotes would actually help them more to learn aiming . 
  experienced pilots become exponentially more powerful when using tomcats destroying everyone else with them . 
  tomcats serve no purpose other than to troll and drive players to stop playing . 
   you can dodge missiles, 
  it is * impossible * to dodge tomcats within current mechanics . 
  anyone who claims otherwise is talking out of their ass . 
  so , choose . 
  it is possible to break the lock , but anyone who knows how to turn their esf wo n't allow that to happen . 
   for example : gatekeeper http://ps2oraclestats.com/?stat=kills&amp;weapon1=802875&amp;weapon2=802900&amp;weapon3=802898, 
  you claimed to know how to read data sheets . 
  so why are you linking a metric that shows how popular the weapon is ? 
  hint : to show something resembling actual * performance * of a weapon you need to divide number of kills by the number of players who made them . 
  that metric is called kpu , and i encourage you to look at it . 
   here are your `` bullshit '' ravens : http://ps2oraclestats.com/?stat=kills&amp;weapon1=16029&amp;weapon2=16031&amp;weapon3=17001, 
  comparing 1st generation av to 2nd generation av . 
  on a popularity metric . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
   http://ps2oraclestats.com/?stat=kills&amp;weapon1=4602&amp;weapon2=4746&amp;weapon3=4747, 
  now you 're comparing a powerful a2g weapon to op a2a weapon to powerful and underused a2a weapon . 
  and using a popularity metric . 
  you 're fucking retarded , get the fuck out . 
  tomcats have lower stats because most pilots who actually can kill something with them have enough aim to finish the kill with their nosegun . 
  not that i expect you to comprehend that , but it 's obvious to anyone with air experience that you do n't have . 
   if not , it 's really your fault for being by yourself out in the open . 
  got it , next time i pull an esf i 'll just leave it at the warpgate . 
   fly with a friend, 
  can lockons not fly with more lockons ? 
   fly around territory that you can dodge around . 
  so i can eat g2a lockons , flak , tank shells , small arms and whatever else . 
   not complain about dying to weapons that have a situational advantage, 
  they 're not situational in hands of a player who knows how to use them, 
  so what 's the point of tomcats then ? 
  so that skilled pilots who do n't restrict themselves from using them can kill new and experienced pilots alike ? 
  i played on eg main until it died . 
  still waiting for proper replacement , star citizen 's controls scheme did n't impress me . 
  grr pilots , hat pilots, 
  one of the reasons i use rtst . 
  api is mostly correct . 
  guise have you heard ? 
  default noseguns are actually very situational : they ca n't kill infantry or tanks effectively !, 
  like ... are you even serious ? 
  that 's probably the dumbest thing i 've heard today , a2a weapon is situational because it ca n't do a2g . 
  you do realize you called an a2a weapon situational because it is a2a ? 
  that way any weapon in this game is situational . 
  this is a pvp game , you know . 
  and i die to them at least once in a day when i decide to fly . 
  your anecdotal evidence against mine , and the weapon is as broken as always . 
  i ca n't change my character 's title or voicepack ( paid feature ! ), 
  and support seemingly ignored my ticket . 
  it is a couple of months now , and the issue is even older . 
  oh wow it worked . 
  thanks !, 
  now we just need missions phase 3 . 
   core 0 ( 1 ) is mainly used by windows so if you run planetside with everything but that core it can give an increase in performance, 
  scheduler tries to distribute work evenly . 
  it does n't put anything specific on any specific core until user sets affinity for a process . 
  setting affinity generally just limits your process in the cores ( and work distribution ) available to it . 
  fyi it 's not the first time exact same thing with exact same thread is happening .
