  so me and my friend roam around some territory in a prowler , looking for ~ strategic assets ~ , flanking opportunities , etc. 
  if we ( solo ) encounter a vanguard ( solo ) that knows what it 's doing - there 's * absolutely * no chance of us winning . 
  if that 's balanced then i do n't know ... 
  tanks are n't always used to farm towers in zergs , you know . 
  * infantryside * . 
  bonus : magrider tears your legs off :d, 
  what turrets have to do with an `` infantry base ? '', 
   the head box/hit registration was a stealth changed, 
   `` reduced head collision size to lower the amount of unearned headshots '', 
  how is that a `` stealth '' change ? 
  also, 
   defiantly, 
  very defiant , yes . 
  edit : yes reddit , you 're right this was a correct use of word ` defiantly ' and also the correct definition of ` stealth change ' . 
  i dunno , fights you get depend on the playstyle . 
  in a playstyle i described we often get 1v1s . 
  again , not everyone zergs in a swarm of tanks . 
  i agree it 'd probably need a rebalance but claiming that shield is balanced now is shameless bullshit . 
  so , um , vanguard pops the shield when we 're both at like quarter hp . 
  so that leaves us 3-4 seconds to get into appropriate cover before we die . 
  even in a prowler that will rarely succeed . 
  oh , i do n't know , getting killed by an * invulnerable * vehicle ? 
  and lockdown is a death sentence in this case . 
  well , right now the whole situation i described is usually a death sentence . 
  a ) because you farm, 
  b ) they do suck, 
  i regularly see different factions go to 40 % pop ( usually during alerts and warpgate rotations ( indar north ... ) ) but it seems that 's actually pretty good compared to some other servers . 
  i remembered about that site sometime ago , tried to read it , was told about adblock , chuckled , went back to not giving a fuck . 
  does it flag you as friendly-shooter and lock weapons ? 
  because my friend got `` last warning '' and we stopped training . 
  he did play the poe league , for about the same time he played d3 . 
  please make it so it does n't expire . 
  it 's a `` pet '' after all . 
  that ` get rid of it ! ', 
  was pretty fucking insulting / o, 
  but ... but reddit told me inflation was literally killing eve !??!!, 
  i 'm pretty sure the popup one is a bug . 
  do n't care about others . 
  but oh well people need to rage about something . 
  edit : fuck , checked again and 70 % of this sub 's frontpage is people raging . 
  do n't you have something better to do ? 
  it 's tiring . 
  and i downvoted all of them because i want content not whining . 
  tuesday = deployment day . 
  why they do it on thursday ( and weekly too ! ), 
  is beyond me . 
  tell me more about things i need to do . 
   work, 
  you mean this / r/circlejerk, 
  as people already said here it 's okay except its ridiculous range . 
  unless you 're trying to emergency land while being on fire . 
  well , kinda yeah , but afaik in part because people started personally attacking the employee , searching for irl info , etc. 
  since then ccp employs an internal affairs department which applies quite draconian rules to ccpers playing the game . 
  i thought we 've finally finished with bad jw jokes / sigh, 
  nah , they 're in tantrum mode . 
  reasoning wo n't help for couple of weeks or maybe even months , when ros euphoria dies down . 
  i have the same spec and it runs perfectly fine , all highest settings except a couple . 
  render distance 2.5 something k too . 
  edit : what the fuck are you people even downvoting ? 
  happy now ? 
  damn , i was playing on 64bit client for like 90 minutes yesterday , no issues . 
  hope it 's back soon . 
  but seriously , what are those things that ts cant even dream about ? 
  people are telling you the answer but i say always look through the settings provided to you . 
  this way you can customise and make an environment that suits you best . 
  heh i have them exactly the same  also alt-s to return to bay ( was thinking of words scoop , stow ), 
  that is really convoluted ui . 
  if they have access to the values at that point it 's better to show an actual graphical element . 
  how dare they team play in small numbers !, 
  4770 , confirm . 
  and ping is related to patches how , exactly ? 
  edit : or , you know , instead of downvoting me you guys could 've at least try to run a traceroute ^ ^ what ^ ^ a ^ ^ concept !, 
  as a member of x.i.x i 'm not sure whether i should be proud or ashamed of this map % ), 
  i would but these addresses show you a html page instead of redirecting/providing content . 
  i know this is pretty selfish but i just hate that html wrapper . 
  err ... is that still the case after alloys removal and truesec rebalance in drones ? 
  my fps is fine , so content :p, 
   did you install fiddler ? 
  cause if you did n't you should question why you have a debugging proxy on your computer . 
  this actually is the real question and it was seemingly ignored by both dudes answering you . 
  medium low ? 
  i just do n't get it , if this really happens to people with titans/770s it must be not just performance degradation , there must be a bug that affects how settings apply to the rendering engine or the engine somehow otherwise renders stuff it 's not supposed to . 
  because there are people like you that are forced to go low settings on high-end machines and then there are people like me ( a couple more of us in the thread ) that have good fps on mid-high machines . 
  [ reposting my specs ] ( http://dd.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/221gk6/please_soe_put_more_dev_time_into_fixing_bugs_and/cgiviut ), 
  wings and tires are not shuttles but armed combat vehicles . 
  i wo n't pull an esf just to jump out of it after a minute of using it as a transport . 
  some people do that but i find it stupid . 
  flashes are kinda supposed to fill this role but they are so slow and their physics are so broken that i better redeploy-hop anyway . 
  also it pains me to watch on the map as our base is being taken by just 1-2 or sometimes even zero people . 
  i have to either waste a minute redeploying and then try to solo save the base in the time left or sit and watch it tick down . 
  when i pull an esf it means i want to shoot something with it , preferably for extended amount of time . 
  i know vehicles are expendable , i often say it myself , but if i got into air i will want to stay in air for as long as i can . 
  same goes for lighnings and other ` major ' vehicles . 
  i have no problem losing them but ditching them after using them as a flash feels very wasteful . 
  in theory you can and you actually do make weekly releases in agile development . 
  theoretically you can put them into production right away , but yeah ... that 'd require a lot of qa forces too . 
  bi-weekly releases into production would work so much better imo . 
   simply correct the bugs, 
  one does not ... 
  i wish the same , however it is unlikely to happen .
