  because you need to be stationary to use lockdown . 
   qa wonders idly why their keycard does n't get them into the building anymore . 
  glad i 'm not the only one who noticed total lack of dedicated qa in his description . 
  oh well , it 's not like we did n't know . 
  it 's not like he streams video on those . 
  literally visited this sub for the first time just now and saw a bunch of familiar names , 
  i too thought about this , seems like a good idea . 
  even starcraft now does soundpacks . 
  just give me an old aura one so i can unmute her . 
  clearly 50 shows the atlantic while 20 shows america 's pacific coast . 
  so i guess the gui above you is right ( i do n't really know though ) . 
  if you really know nothing about eve , the most drastic difference for ed player would be no direct flight control . 
  you do n't * fly * with kb + mouse in eve , you * command * your ship to orbit , keep at range or fly `` that direction '' and ship responds to that somewhat quickly or not quickly at all , depending on its size . 
  it 's really not as bad as it may sound though , so give it a try . 
  somebody with this issue , please submit a bug report . 
  were those new hybrid life and dodge/phys reduction mods really necessary ? 
  how does ggg manage to sneak power creep even into nerf patch notes is beyond me . 
  i bet those nullsec whales are still having their loud , moany sex , you just ca n't hear them go at it . 
  why did n't they just move it south under the duelist tree , where it lived for about a year ( ? ), 
  until they moved it to its present location ? 
  it was very annoying for ci to build around it but it was possible with tradeoffs in other parts of the tree . 
  this `` does n't work for es '' way feels less poe-ish . 
  hoping for clever , non-powercreep-ish solutions , expecting more dumbing down the d3 way . 
  dey took er jebs, 
  muting secondary interfaces mutes stuff like scanning/hacking while keeping the rest of ui on , works well for me . 
  actually , i did n't mute it but set it at 10 % volume because i kinda like the dscan/probing audio feedback , it just needs to be less `` in your face . '', 
  why do you think he cares for the chat ? 
  did you watch the '' [ elaboration ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptqzhkk43y0 ) '' part ? 
  idk , the people requesting more * elaborate * words ? 
  how dares he to use tools available in the game to play his own way !, 
  it 's funny , thermals were curbstomped into uselessness but fuckers like you still cry and even borderline validate exploit usage against certain players . 
  literally never lost any of my saved accounts , how do you guys keep doing it ? 
  considering the login server is down , and you need it to get your auth token , the exefile would 've run into same problems . 
  and since login server is responsible for 2fa , unless you like the idea of players losing their accounts , this whole launcher + login server thing is in fact a good move . 
  except the lack of [ epic login screens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpsgjxedw_w ) , i miss those :(, 
  or just pay with cash . 
  a long time ago i decided that 0.5 b is the highest plex price i 'll tolerate and never bought one since it went above . 
  greatly improved my eve experience which felt job-like before . 
  maybe this shit game should not render them then , so that we can shoot appropriate targets . 
  what the shit is that brick and what has it done to my crane ? 
  that 's because they 've already implemented the same ui trick the guy above you is suggesting . 
  i too actually like some new caldari models . 
  but wtf is wrong with the current crane one ? 
  it even looks somewhat like a fat , hauling bird . 
  b e a r s, 
  you can disable x in settings . 
  it 's very customizable . 
  yes it can , for quite a while now . 
  can be buggy on linux though . 
   chrome using 400mb, 
  excuse me ? 
  how about 4gb ? 
  chrome , being a primarily background application in many usecases , absolutely is inefficient in its ram usage . 
  `` using ram '' stems from os actually using all your `` free '' ram for its caches like superfetch etc. 
  this ram is still available to other applications on demand , hence it counts `` free . '', 
  unlike memory inefficiently held by applications like chrome . 
   `` oh shit , i 'm using too much ram '' said nobody in the past five years . 
  i say this on a daily basis lately since i often come close to my 16gb limit thanks to chrome , chrome-derivative apps ( fuck node.js btw ) , and games ( the actual justified case of ram usage ) . 
   that sounds an awful more like a useless number of tabs open , clear cut pebkac . 
  idk what you think it sounds like but it 's a regular peak usage case for me . 
  couple of messengers , mail , music and several work tabs - done , 3-4gb . 
  right now i have that + a youtube and a twitch tab open and it consumes 3gb . 
  not really development but i 'm using it to explore postgresql sources ( c ) . 
  works well on such a big project . 
  can it be damaged ? 
  yes ? 
  do you still have questions ? 
  monsanto created weeds and insects ? 
  monsanto created you and billions others that need to be fed on industrial scale ? 
  you can have turning competition fights on live too , no different mechanics there . 
  if only it did n't look like shit . 
  what a coincidence , i also got myself a delonghi eco311 about 3 months ago . 
  since you mention that both of your filter baskets result in leaking group head seal , it would seem that your group head gasket ( hard rubber gasket around the [ shower screen ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/cxfumcxyioy/maxresdefault.jpg ) ) is worn out , damaged or obstructed . 
  do you swipe coffee grounds off your portafilter rim before inserting it ? 
  i 've read that repeatedly inserting portafilter with grounds on its rim can wear out the gasket very quickly . 
  does your portafilter fully lock ? 
  it should go 90 degrees from the face of the machine . 
  i would clean the gasket , inspect it for damage and try running water through an empty portafilter . 
  if it still leaks i 'd probably go to repair shop or think about replacing the gasket myself . 
  yeah , hope it 'll work fine after that . 
  about that `` swiping off grounds '' bit , here 's an [ example ] ( https://youtu.be/kpdtb4vt5gi?t=26s ) . 
  i try to do the same move every time and it stays pretty clean , required only little cleaning so far . 
  the spreadsheet meme needs to die . 
  am russian , can confirm . 
  combination of snow/ice , dirty roads , use of salt for defrosting and studded tires kills road markings very quickly . 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  this . 
  what is this thread even ? 
  because only a true autist would approach a dev panel spewing profanities like in your first example . 
  and the latter example definitely happened and was taken appropriately . 
  remind me what happened in 119.5 ? 
  oh right , plex was cut in 500 pieces , this sub threw a tantrum and a witch hunt only to forget about it 2 days later like a proper adhd kid would . 
  wow , a 48x16 px menu item that is usually hidden at the bottom of a very long list that is not shown at all in the compact inventory ui mode . 
  such a forced ad !, 
  monitoring stats is not the same as anticheat . 
   the argument is that a jf/carrier/dread could always jump to a station and insta dock . 
  they still can in fortizars + ? 
  edit : downvote ? 
  caps ca n't dock in fortizars now ?
