  are you literally retarded ? 
  lrav on small targets just should not be a thing ( small = smaller than harasser ) . 
  i 'm glad that they 're doing something with fracture that 's been shit for what , 3 years now or something ? 
  but really , anything that looks like a 2x2 pixel spot from tanker 's pov should n't project damage farther than 200m or so . 
  but this probably wo n't happen , infantryside is here for ~ 1.5 years now and it wo n't allow that . 
  falcons oneshot infantry last i checked . 
  i too am voting for dank maymays . 
  default guns are bad example . 
  for everything else this effect is negligible . 
  should 've been a toggle imo , enabled for new players . 
  we already have a similar one with wallet isk counter animation . 
  or , you know , decrease the impression of `` spreadsheets online '' . 
  i know it 's not default . 
  that 's why it 's pointless to compare it 's stats with a default . 
  since there are several neural interface ports on the character 's back and neck like in the matrix , i like to think there is similar `` crotch tubing '' too . 
   electrons can decay into energy or gamma, 
  charge conservation ? 
  afaik electrons are stable . 
  why did amarr ships become white soe offshoots anyway ? 
  op : hey guys , i made this and i love it !, 
  reddit : hey op , fuck you !, 
  the only cheaters i met in the air are blatant 100 % accuracy aimbots . 
  the rest of possible cheats are either negligible or not used . 
  handling lagswitchers is not a task for the anticheat though . 
  the netcode should impose stricter limits on connection quality . 
  no packets received from a client within 2s ? 
  assume it 's dead and kick it . 
  found the cheater . 
  i need 100 more kills on my shuriken and then that pos can burn , i do n't care . 
  but seriously , aurax weapons becoming non-shit would be appreciated , yeah . 
  connection integrity check does n't affect au players . 
  if your connection actually experiences frequent second long outages you basically have no real connection . 
  the first thing that needs to happen with emp is a motion spotter nerf . 
  itt : oh noes , a tank dared to kill a planetman , what on earth are we gon na do ? 
  200ms ping is the new norm on miller for me . 
  you forgot to mention the rotary 's ammo capacity that forces you to play resupply simulator . 
  also i would n't say that coyotes are completely useless . 
  they 're overshadowed by tomcats , yes , but i would be * very * careful about buffing them . 
  ideally ( read : quick and often balance iterations from dbg ) i 'd wait and see how tomcat nerf pans out first . 
  do you want some pepper with that salt ? 
  a lot of things frustrate people in this game . 
  the sarcastic suggestion usually is to make indar/esamir tank only , amerish air only and hossin infantry only . 
  but that 's not how the game works . 
  the hornets part was about tweaking resistances of particular targets instead of flat damage reduction , in part because of challenging and fun a2a hornets playstyle that op enjoys . 
  what was wrong with that ? 
  if only we could get another vehicle that does n't fit any role , the way that valkyrie turned out . 
  am i right ? 
  the implemented iteration of implants is different from first released and heavily criticized one . 
  another undocumented bullshit that kills you instantly and then says `` stop killing yourself '' . 
   as an addenda , the hornet bugs that make the reaver and mossie hornets go off target needs to be fixed ,, 
  https://gfycat.com/famousdecimalhydatidtapeworm i wonder if scythe would 've hit that . 
  actually , that particular room is broken in every biolab . 
  a nice guy told my outfit mate today that you can work around that by * walking * instead of running into the teleporter . 
  quality game . 
  well , you kind of appear in vulnerable area . 
  i wonder how many people are actually aware they killed an unresponsive client there . 
  while it 's true that you ca n't balance by spreadsheets all of these are correct , with exception of max lrai . 
  nc max weapons should be nerfed and/or redesigned to be in line with their counterparts , not the other way around . 
  they warn about exploit status in games news though . 
  that 's an interesting overlay . 
  does it help with leading ? 
  also , downvoted lol . 
  excellent vid . 
  this game does n't need more automated shit . 
  is this a poll ? 
  i logged too . 
  tr had lowest territory control and vs/nc had a single fight at onatha while every tr fight was overpopped with enemies . 
  i actually wanted to play , but looked at the map for 5 minutes and there was literally no playable fight . 
  such fun , much excite . 
   minor fighting with tri in drones, 
  minor fighting as in multialliance coalitions brawling over several regions and several alliances disappearing from the map ? 
  red menace coalition was basically evicted . 
  any actual number-wise comparisons on the `` second largest coalition '' in the game ? 
  most fights at the beginning of the war were pretty even . 
  i 'm not trying to suggest anything other than that south-east had more than `` minor fighting '' this last year . 
  i liked the entirety of bsg , i liked the matrix sequels , i liked star wars prequels about as much as i liked the ot ( except jar jar of course ) , what else ... i liked ocean 's twelve more then the other two , oh , avatar , i liked that too . 
  what does that make me lol ? 
  it 's starting to feel weird :d, 
  i wonder why all performance posts are downvoted recently . 
  is the community so used to eating shit they kinda like it now ? 
  i myself have ~ 200ms ping for about 1-2 months now , and no , it 's not my actual ( network ) latency . 
  well , last i checked ( no more than 10 minutes ago in the carrier thread ) nobody still likes tidi . 
  but somehow everyone wants b-r level fights every month where all of eve is crammed into one system . 
  pick one , damn it . 
  [ relevant ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/hn1vxamejru ), 
  [ racing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plkquqqan0gttytmbnyr7xo3r6jyywfv9k ) was a blast . 
  looking at his streams once in a while , he does look bored and frustrated at times . 
  stream has `` why am i doing this again ? '', 
  vibe at times . 
   give me lockdown, 
  are you even serious ? 
  in case you 're serious : every tank ability has that `` downside '' . 
  but for some reason , anchor has an additional drawback of being stationary * and * requirement of being stationary before you can even use the ability . 
  the other two are more ( shield ) or less ( magburn ) no-brainers that can be activated at any moment for any reason with no drawbacks carried by the activation . 
  quality game design . 
  let me guess , eat decies ? 
   edit : if you like you can have the shield, 
  there 's this thing , it 's called charge . 
  i think you 're taking it too far .
