  i downvote every single one because i want to read about something more interesting than a bunch of people spamming twitch chat . 
  like , you know , more stuff about this ukraine thing . 
  not every russian supports our government . 
  your joke is fucking stupid . 
  vanguard 's iwin bullshit needs to go . 
  this and possibly increased corrosion rates are my main concerns here . 
  otherwise an awesome example of dyi . 
  something something ... streisand effect . 
  this was 100 % expectable tbh . 
  it would be logical and provide some interesting situations . 
  it will probably need a delay ( like overloading a generator ) for balancing reasons . 
  people are comparing this post to human brain and living things in general , but i think brain is in some ways inferior , e.g. 
  way less reliable , than a computer . 
  how often does your computer forget stuff ? 
  how often does it need to sleep ? 
  never , until it breaks and is useless . 
  have you thought about it being not `` self-serving bollocks '' but an actual problem with air balance ? 
  matti can sound harsh and arrogant but 95 % of his points are valid . 
  ca n't counter skill except with dumbing the game down . 
  if you want to go that way ... 
   i 'm thinking the solution might lie somewhere within the resources and timers system . 
  exactly . 
  and they 're going to ( try to ) fix it . 
   currently the quality of ` airgame ' is such , that if it was completely removed from the game ... 
  i would n't miss it one bit . 
  well i would and i 'm nowhere near ` ace ' status . 
  great work . 
  not exactly a great recording used though :\\ i guess it 's due to copyright :\\, 
   `` if you do n't have problems flak it 's because you . 
  are . 
  bad . '', 
  that is true though . 
  now go ahead and click that downvote button . 
  my cat really started going crazy over it . 
  he started running around madly after i merely * touched * the pointer ( it had a chain that did tinkling sound ) . 
  i decided i should hide this pointer and never play with it again . 
  he still became very nervous after he heard that sound when i was putting that pointer to another place . 
  i was also afraid of pointing it directly in my cat 's eye . 
  i was more talking about how you get occasional flak hits a hex or two away . 
  they can even kill you sometimes from that range . 
   life must be tough at the top . 
  oh how i like people getting angry about something i never said . 
  i never implied that i 'm good , but if you think it 's no problem for flak to create no-flight zones extending to whole hex and beyond - then you 're kinda ... weird . 
  suicide run 5 times trying to take out that sunderer and welp , k/d < 1 again . 
  strategic objective achieved though so that 's still satisfying , 
  ( that 's a gif of eve online 's remote armor repairers cycling in overheat ( burst ) mode ), 
  i still want xp loss . 
  it 's traditional mechanic and death would really mean something . 
   fuck you . 
  xp loss was one of the worst things about d2 . 
   it was near impossible to ever get l99 because of that . 
  well , only if you opt to die . 
   a nation where everything is about money ... and suicide . 
  this does n't even make sense . 
  oh what the fuck a room in your attic i literally wtf, 
  oh mpeg how i love thee !, 
  40 bss and 5 carriers lost is a slaughter by today 's standards ? 
  we need more spying little fucks, 
  he has a monocle , nothing of value was lost . 
  what the fuck is this ` shake ' thing everyone is talking about ? 
  i see parents holding their children and kinda gently shaking them up and down all the time . 
  is it bad ? 
  or do people refer to something more like a violent shake in which case all i can say is `` why would you even do that ? '', 
  the previous `` really-fucking-smart '' tracking method actually followed you no matter what you did , copying you trajectory and avoiding obstacles . 
   afterburners and even just fire suppression is enough to nullify the danger of a heavy with a lock-on, 
  multiple heavies ? 
  you 're being silly . 
   optional league type that is reminiscent of really old-school online rpgs where players could kill each other and steal their items . 
  aaand i feel old . 
  i hope this results in more [ eve online-ish hilarity ] ( http://themittani.com/features/alod-go-back-wow ) . 
  does that post really qualify as news ? 
  alerts usually give so little xp though , i do n't even bother anymore . 
  + xp % while on alert yields considerably more . 
  i actually jumped the first time it had shown . 
  so since an assist means that you did less than 100 % damage it means that all assist rewards which were already less than kill rewards now got even lower all across the board ? 
  is this really what designers had in mind ? 
  edit : i saw you saying that you forwarded some feedback to designers . 
  i hope they 'll fix it because right now it looks like small error that was just overlooked . 
  i hope it wo n't be a problem ( from a design standpoint ) to fix . 
  playing solo ( possibly being a part of a zerg ) should n't deprive you of common sense required to redeploy from a completely camped spawn where there 's just no possibility for you to to anything meaningful . 
  so maybe they should go further and balance it around logging out and not logging in anymore ? 
  actually people claiming it 's inflation should prove themselves first . 
  itt : devaluation = = inflation, 
  i make 6 months subscription in what ... a week of work ? 
  and then i may actually not turn the game into a job . 
  those 3-ish years that i paid with plex ... yeah fuck everything about that . 
  so you 're claiming inflation based on one highly speculative position in a market of thousands . 
  okay , you 're not the first . 
  time matters most , really . 
   dmitry kiselyov, 
  * that * guy . 
  i have no more questions . 
  accidentally math . 
  make that about 2 days . 
  still kinda low , but it 's russia :( and i 'm just starting . 
   i 'm a new player and i really love fighting on-foot but i 'm really getting sick of someone coming with a scythe or any air vehicles and just instantly blowing me down . 
  do n't stand in the open , look up more . 
  if you 're interested i tried pvping with friends on my wizard couple of days ago and it felt quite more satisfying than pre-patch . 
  no-cooldown | no-knockback wave of force is really nice . 
  monk 's reflect mantra is op as fuck though .
