  you can watch dogfighting videos to get a better idea of this . 
  in the end you 'll have to go to live anyway and you will lose in the beginning . 
  try to pick your fights , alert/high-pop continents are usually deadly to new pilots . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's implied that travel is instantaneous via temprorary wh that the jump drive creates . 
  so speeds do n't really apply . 
  it is n't 2011 anymore you know , when russians were represented by one unified bloc . 
  hi guys , i 've tried poe many times but made it to maps for the first time only a week ago . 
  my question is about trading : say i have some somewhat good items , like 5 of them . 
  how do i go about selling them ? 
  is it worth/correct to make a shop thread to be indexed by poe xyz for so few items ? 
  an example item is an ilvl 60 + evasion chest : http://imgur.com/mwo2xd5 . 
  i 'm sure it 's worth something but messaging trade1-5 gave no results . 
  and if i make a shop thread i 'm often not online so i 'm not sure that 'll help . 
  on mobile , sorry for an awkward screenshot . 
  moving stuff with a carrier is nice . 
  that 's about it . 
  so tell me how much damage a super managed to apply to your cruiser ? 
  so , great !, 
  let 's have three separate fucking games !, 
  no one can kill anyone else . 
  in fact , they 're all on different servers !, 
  i guess / r/infantryside may have some issues with lack of xp pinatas but oh well got ta give up something . 
  so much fun !, 
  oh look , another downvoted opshield thread . 
   and if you ca n't activate it while being shot at what 's the point of it ? 
  to activate before you got shot . 
  breaching rooms . 
   had better positioning or is a better shot than you, 
  or he simply has 900 more hp . 
   he gives up all of his utility to get a little extra health and you want to take that away ? 
  all those given up medkits , c4s , pistols , rockets , grenades . 
   instead of complaining that ha are op , maybe you could work on your own game and look for the real reason you died . 
  why all classes in the game must work on their game while has can just press a button to fix errors they made in their positioning , accuracy , etc ? 
   heavy shield is fine , you are supposed to lose 1v1 to a heavy as a non heavy . 
  it seems infantryside is evolving into heavyassaultside . 
  is n't there already a csma thing ? 
  i thought you could put your super away there without it hanging for everyone to see . 
  most just work . 
  lockdown is boring shit . 
  pls rework from scratch . 
  until then - pulling lightnings . 
   a2a missiles are not op, 
  they have no real counter , they give more dps for very low skill requirements . 
  they are definition of op . 
  regardless of what tards with 30 minutes in an esf might want to tell . 
  yep . 
  sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . 
   a good pilot will kill you with his nose gun while you struggle to get him locked . 
   if you take two equally skilled pilots ,, 
   it changes nothing about how frustrating the weapon is . 
  in fact it makes it worse . 
  there were sorta dodgeable lockons in the game freelancer . 
  their lockon nature was very balanced and was n't an issue . 
  the issue was spammability that among other ( intended gameplay ) things issued a constant ( unintended ) stream of warning sounds and `` incoming missile '' robo-voices . 
  i still hate those sounds . 
  this needs more visibility ... 
   the menger sponge simultaneously exhibits an infinite surface area and zero volume . 
  now that is trippy . 
  the only good razer things are mice , mousepads and orcas ( discontinued headphones model ) . 
  other stuff is either bad quality or bad design . 
  serious : this would be * infinitely * better than shitstone . 
  it looks like a spaceship . 
  i mean a real futuristic spaceship . 
  it 's a nice change from beautiful but unrealistic models that we have now . 
  i like it . 
  no u ! ^ ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ doing ^ ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ ^ right ? 
  you seem very adamant about defending a broken mechanic , mate . 
  now why would you do that ? ... 
   if that 's the case , why keep playing ? 
  no replacement . 
  this makes you come back once in a while . 
  the amount of `` grrrr pl '' and downvotes in this thread vs. the amount of real talk about risk-free cap movement is either retarded of suspicious . 
  like when they made ap the only viable tank cannon ? 
  i did n't say it was an exploit , i said it was broken because it nullifies risk . 
  some tasks take unpredictable amount of time . 
  these kind of `` progress '' bars of loading indicators are designed for these tasks . 
  #lmb + rmb zoom masterrace, 
  2 from the top or the bottom ? 
  by context switch do you mean switch to kernel mode here ? 
  hey , it 's a dbg 's reminder about a bug that fucks up vehicle game for more than 6 months now . 
  better downvote it quick !, 
  ~ the only advantage ~, 
  positioning and awareness are too hard . 
  `` heavies are main combat class '' , `` heavies meant to be tanky '' , `` heavies are supposed to win agains any other class '' , etc etc. 
  basically heavyassaultside happened to that idea . 
  see : this thread . 
  not having awful awareness and actually trying to improve your positioning instead of pressing a button to nullify the advantage another player gained by flanking you would probably make the game way less `` infuriating '' for me too . 
   the entire point of nmg/adrenaline is to use it as an oh shit button . 
  it is heavies counter to being flanked . . 
  lol, 
  idk it can be pretty fun . 
  much safer than seemingly contagious media-frenzy-induced panic fits . 
  do n't burn it though . 
  shhh . 
  do n't disturb the media circlejerk . 
   to get that much glyphosate exposure from your food you would have to eat several acres worth of crop which would fucking kill you . 
  what is this , logic ?!, 
  get a pitchfork like everyone else and do n't try to be smartass . 
  yeah . 
  i recalled this while watching interstellar .
