  `` we do n't know how to better implement x '' or `` we 'd like to do x , but we are not sure how it would affect y. '', 
  where ? 
  where they * complain * about lack of ideas ?!, 
  i 'm sorry but this is ridiculous and a borderline lie . 
  there are no such quotes that you 're referring to , not even close . 
   ask pretty much any hardcore player in this sub and they have those answers . 
  wow , i must have missed the point when this sub became a meeting place of accomplished game designers . 
  so what was your last project ? 
  it works , and it 's a nightmare to reinstall and set up all the programs i 'm using :p, 
   i do n't need to go find specific quotes for you . 
  that figures lol, 
  i was under impression they said much about the different ways they want to fix certain things and plans they have for other things in the q&a . i guess it was me thinking too rationally . 
  i have read the q&a and liked it , if that was n't clear . 
  i did n't see complaints from the devs ( lol ) about how they have `` no ideas '' . 
  as for me being lazy asshole : it is a general practice in civilized discussions that someone who made a statement also finds facts to support their statement . 
  also calling people assholes is n't advised . 
  but who am i kidding , nobody 's got time for real discussions in anything d3 related , better bash on it some more . 
  it works and it 's free . 
  and they allow you to choose language before you talk to the support guy . 
  they also have working hours and numbers at their site . 
  i mostly see replies about how the q&a sucked , how they did n't answer anything , how it 's a waste of time etc. 
  not really a discussion . 
   if you 're still doing alk runs on act 3 and farming ubers with bis gear , i 'd have to question your sanity . 
  i do that . 
  i do other acts on different mps with various builds as well . 
  if my fun is a problem , well i ca n't help anyone with that . 
  while the game has problems , the discussions where passion/bitterness overwhelms sense and logic lead nowhere . 
  i wish i had access to a forum where a calm discussion with d3 devs was possible . 
  but i do n't , partly because of the replies that flooded this and bnet threads . 
  it 's in my own code so i do n't care . 
  it 's really basic i can rewrite that from memory anytime . 
  and wstos is pretty descriptive to me . 
  maybe ws2s would be better , but i 'm not sure . 
  it means widestring to string . 
  so players spinned some meaningless words into a myth about a set bonuses and then blizzard is blamed for not dispelling it fast enough . 
  oh , this community . 
   vista and windows 7 beat the shit out of xp severely in networking functionality . 
  what functionality ? 
  afaik everyone uses winsock if they need low level networking stuff and 3rd party libraries / . net if they want a ready solution . 
  i recently started salvaging rares and got 3 brimstones from them already . 
  was kinda surprised if you think that i got only one in a couple of months before i started selling them . 
  oh well pace of the game was different then ... 
   the wd , easily the most * high * class in the game, 
  ftfy, 
  my favorite : pvp, 
  my average : crafting , pickup radius, 
  : public games , reflect, 
  my disappointment : wizard and monk changes, 
  while i agree it could be done better - what 's wrong with joining last quest of a1 , or , if you dont know you should do that , asking in pvp/general chat ? 
  oh so it says so ? 
  sorry then , too much speedrun in a friendly party , 
  for some reason i think this was decided much above just the dev team . 
  think project designers and strategy planning managers at blizzard . 
  why ? 
  because in sc2 it 's the same , public games were removed , no answer why , no intent to put them back , and people asked since 2010 . 
  except it 's even worse in d3 , sc2 at least have ( custom ) maps to differentiate players and games . 
  yes . 
  to elaborate on that , chats have multiple instances , and the system is badly tuned so in eu prime time i usually get max 90ppl in average general and < 10ppl in any pvp . 
  i guess many people just do n't know about it , but it 's still easier to just join public game as op stated . 
  kpeuceps :p, 
  i think of such things all the time . 
  it 's called quality assurance ( qa ) . 
  to fix something you must first know how it breaks . 
  i 'm hypnotized looking at it . 
  cure me . 
  that 's just retarded in both meanings of the word . 
  you need to have a medical condition to destroy a steinway piano with that excuse . 
  i actually had a funny thought in my head all the day . 
  that you see this ball of fire flying towards you at exceptional speed . 
  and you realize there is * nothing * you can do , nothing at all . 
  yeah it 's not an optimization problem . 
  but it 's just a bad architecture . 
  forgive me for bringing poe here , but i prefer their way of loading game for 5 minutes with nothing loading after that ( except for locations ) . 
  disbalanced probabilities do not mean ` not random ' . 
  you have most likely mistaken old inferno for 1.04 pre-mp inferno . 
  mp3-4 is like 1.04 , a bit more hp . 
  mp10 is way more hp than 1.01 and a bit less damage . 
  just yesterday , gladiator 's from a resplendent chest . 
  if it really does work on a different port , start your freelancer with, 
  - sip : port, 
  key . 
  i did n't pay much attention to starport lately but last i checked it was very difficult if not impossible to run a server on windows 7 . 
  you might want to try any ( empty ) server you have good ping to . 
   one thing i noticed is that despite the patches the game still shows v1 .0 at the bottom right when in the main menu . 
  is that fine ? 
  yes . 
  oh , actually it 's, 
  - sip : port, 
  i forgot everything , 
  i use light version and it 's awesome !, 
  i did n't realize how bad it was until i played with dogs explosion wd . 
  i barely finished that run . 
  they seriously need to remove shaking . 
  actually i disable shaking in every game that has an option for it . 
  just a dumb feature that 's * supposed * to look cool but instead just irritates you . 
  yeah , i 'm wondering if people will ever stop falling into fits of rage like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wzj5rjdi2y ) whenever d3 is mentioned . 
  people like you are parasites of our community . 
  unsub , and go fuck yourself . 
  rule of thumb is as this : whenever major d3 news are out - do n't visit this sub for a couple of days . 
  you 'll know what 's going on in here anyway : hate trains going back and forth .
