  obs performs fine when i use game capture . 
  stutters only in desktop capture . 
  yet another feature that 's could 've been good but has a fatal flaw in it . 
  pls fix . 
  it does n't matter anyway . 
  you can reset your auth token by logging out . 
  but there 's no way to reset someone 's malicious token and this is really fucking backwards . 
   926 points ( 81 % upvoted ), 
  well , as a russian , all i can say is `` fuck you too '' in case i wo n't get my 30ms ping gateway because of this whining . 
  afaik there are already separate globals for brazilian localised version . 
   ccp leeloo went through and edited dozens of my old petitions, 
  sure , just gon na believe you on this , no further explanation needed . 
  in that case you 'd do fine using restoration kits , for half the cost too . 
  i 'm playing with extra gore again , thanks ggg :d it almost never dips below 50 now , feels much smoother . 
  wtf most people are still on dual cores ? 
  the crack is in churfirsten region of swiss alps . 
  the video is from mont blanc region . 
  the crack also looks differently , it 's shorter and deeper gorge . 
  i do n't know if i 'm burned out but i feel like i hate all of them more or less . 
  amerish used to be my favourite , but now i do n't even enjoy it . 
  indar : different but same bottlenecks . 
  amerish : bottlenecks like ikanam , west-pass , subterranean . 
  esamir : wallamir , biolab bottlenecks , 1 tech plant . 
  hossin : fog , canyons ( aka bottlenecks ) , plants made of concrete everywhere . 
  so ... did i mention bottlenecks ? 
  ( lattice might to to blame here ), 
   yes , and supporter packs cost about $ 50 , for a armour set and a weapon effect . 
  did you conveniently forget that packs come with their ( almost ) full price in points ? 
  so you want free points or some shit ? 
  how entitled can you be ? 
  hey , you can block those skype ads by adding this to your hosts file :, 
  it 's `` we sold out our design integrity '' color . 
  if you do n't want to buy a set - buy a single piece or something else . 
  and stop being entitled bitch . 
  there 's plenty of stuff in lower price tier . 
  whole armor sets are not in that category and if you have a problem with that - deal with it . 
  what caused it : https://gfycat.com/wellwornwearyamazondolphin, 
  seriously , that 's aimbot ? 
  made my evening !, 
  the game for me has devolved into a choice between 1-12s with no spawn options or permanently bottlenecked 48-96 clusterfucks where you get 45 fps and lag . 
  fun fights ceased to exist after construction update . 
  that happens when the victim did n't render . 
  like after they 're forced out of the turret and can kill you while not rendering for you ( if you 're unaware of this behaviour ) . 
   it 's rare , but not impossible . 
  but in the age of shadowplay i 'm probably going to dismiss this as karma whoring attempt . 
  shadowplay constantly records the screen to in-memory buffer using the video card ( no performance hit ) . 
  you can dump the buffer to disk with a hotkey , saving your last x minutes of gameplay . 
  no recording setup needed . 
  perfect for capturing rare/fun moments . 
  there seems to be a 3rd party tool for amd users with similar functionality that also uses video card to encode the stream . 
  considering that shadowplay comes separately ( with geforce experience ) - it not * that * harder to have this kind of instant replay on amd . 
  you can flank on indar , the lattice just leads you to the same fights every time . 
  but you can flank most of those fights . 
  on hossin you either sit in a 10m wide canyon or you drive 2km to try a different angle on a fight that will be over by then . 
  that fly-under was beautiful . 
  oh , so that 's why i see those 1-12 happily taking our empty bases with no way to spawn and counter them . 
  such a smart system !, 
  yes . 
  a2g esf with comp armour is a direct counter to your burster max as well . 
  shocking i know . 
   meanwhile , here is actual footage from the reavers perspective . 
  yeah , show me a recording of you doing the same . 
  for me personally rtst overlay conflicts and does n't work with another overlay i run , and that one is more important to me . 
  rtss ( rivatuner statistics server ) , part of msi afterburner with fps/cpu/gpu / system stats . 
  tldr `` animals reproduct and hunt ewww '', 
  agree , the device and the whole room are just gorgeous but forgotten . 
  it would be cool to be able to trade zana and to have stash there . 
  also to have flasks refill themselves . 
   read the patch notes over on eve updates . 
  those are not patch notes though . 
  that 's patch feature overview . 
  only if you have top-end pc . 
  otherwise , save the frustration . 
   in 3,000 hours of play since 2012 i 've maybe run into half a dozen players that were blatantly hacking, 
  and many more hacking not-so-blatantly . 
   it 's great and i hate it . 
  truer words have never been said . 
  ^ most honest/realistic reply itt . 
  ctrl-q if you 're oldschool, 
  wrong, 
  edit : downvoting wo n't change the fact that i notice something suspicious every other play session . 
  and see cheater report weekly ( on average ) on / r/millerplanetside . 
  i like fighting malachai , izaro not so much ( mostly due to mismatching animations and stuff like essences vs melee ) . 
  still can be fun sometimes . 
  they both feel like a challenge , something the rest of the game often lacks nowadays . 
  killing dominus ( and any act boss ) still gives no reward ( except progress ) though . 
  there are directives for force multipliers , you know , and some of them can be fun . 
  i may get 0.3 kd at one point trying to go for an objective . 
  does n't mean that i did n't help when i finally get that point/gen/sunderer / bottleneck/etc . 
  not talking about points specifically and more about flanking and destroying clumped infantry/vehicles/sunderers . 
  that 's almost like i got on a visit . 
  i did apply some weeks beforehand but did n't make it into the main list . 
  yet somebody else did n't come and i was the next on the list so i went instead of them . 
  itt : `` get an alt you scrub '', 
  good job guys , that certainly helped op . 
  in russia there are no/few trash cans so trash is just lying everywhere . 
  also thawing dog shit in spring . 
  wait ... you can recover ` secret ` from ` md5 ( secret + salt ) ` now ? 
  edit : and i mean ` secret ` not another ` collision ` such that ` md5 ( secret + salt ) = = md5 ( collision + salt ) ` . 
  what the fuck,
