  well , if you do n't play exclusively 12v1 ghostcaps . 
  let me tell you about gd-7f , the best carbine terran republic has to offer !, 
  at least it showed epic combined arms , not gangbanging some poor guy . 
  well you could change capture type to monitor capture since you run the game in a window . 
  it can drive your fps further into the ground though . 
  window capture may work too . 
  also , psa : running non-windowed fullscreen may yield an fps increase and/or less stuttering . 
  with game capture i do n't think it 's possible to capture overlays since they modify the frame after it 's been captured . 
  performance-wise , in my experience , the only way to comfortably stream ps2 without a dedicated machine is to use game capture and nvenc encoder ( streaming preset gave me pretty good quality on latest drivers ) . 
  it 's not primarily about the theme , although i dislike it . 
  the images badly describe the game and do n't do it justice . 
  i 'm not a fanboy and more or less a casual player , almost an outsider here . 
  you guys are just so mad about him it 's funny . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  i do n't even watch him , but please keep raging . 
  oh look , another retarded kill somehow attributed to dailies . 
  downvotes to the left . 
  at least reduce the volume to 2/3 or 1/2 of current . 
  being in a large fight with several basilisk sunderers is alt-f4-inducing right now . 
  seeing these threads consistently downvoted infuriates me . 
  i guess local shit-eaters enjoy legal wallhack in their game . 
  so you mean fuck la just delete it , right ? 
  sensor shield is useless for la since it does n't work in flight . 
  moving most of my stuff in a single ship . 
  with a war on . 
  nice browser engine you have there ... it 'd be a shame if something happened to it . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ythnukm.png this is difference between directwrite and gdi . 
  i could n't make directwrite render same as gdi . 
  does it even honor clear type settings ? 
  post toaster specs ? 
  why are n't people doing this by default when reporting performance issues ? 
   5400rpm hdd, 
   minimum spec, 
  just be aware that minimum usually means `` launchable '' or `` barely playable '' not `` normally playable '' . 
  because fuck flanking even more !, 
  # fuck flanking to death, 
  hey , sorry to bother again . 
  since chromium will remove option to disable directwrite soon i guess my issue with it becomes irrelevant . 
  unfortunate , but oh well :( maybe microsoft will improve directwrite ... 
  now , could you give me a tip regarding my [ first problem ] ( https://redd.it/4k5122 ) since it 's still present ? 
  like which file/folder should i delete so that it resets browser ui state but does n't kill my bookmarks , cookies , history , extensions etc ? 
   but if you get a prophecy for act1 while you 're in act4 it 's just annoying . 
  mid-cruel i just decided to stop doing prophecy stuff until maps . 
  i too got whispering ice and it sold for 1alc . 
  had same experience with cruel frost priests . 
  also having to look up mob names is annoying . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  i wanted to make more example screenshots like this but did n't have time . 
  it goes flat and it still spins with left click . 
  you drag it with right click . 
   lighten the code, 
  except you now need to make sebo and others into toggleable modules . 
  also , eccm is a script now . 
  just do n't make it default and then remove light version like / r/diablo did :\\, 
  okay , i figured it out ( the first problem ) . 
  i used https://github.com/0x00a/levelui to look inside < browser profile  \\ local app settings \\ mpognobbkildjkofajifpdfhcoklimli ( vivaldi chromuim app settings database ) . 
  in that database there is a key panel_state with a json value containing a `` width '' element . 
  for some reason it was set to null . 
  also `` panel_width : null '' or something like that was stuck somewhere in current session/current tabs files . 
  i edited the panel_state json in the app settings using levelui ( i set `` width '' : 399 ) and deleted current session , current tabs , last session , last tabs from browser profile . 
  that fixed it . 
  i did n't lose any settings except opened tabs this way . 
  probably should handle nulls more gracefully imo . 
  happens on ssd pretty often . 
  the game just loads like shit . 
  it started with an update somewhere in winter . 
  load times that were previously 2-4 seconds became longer than redeploy timer . 
  that 's when you started falling through geometry while loading . 
  also spawning facing the wall . 
  it does n't hang ( `` not responding '' ) in the video , it crashes . 
  two different unrelated things . 
  no , it does n't work like this . 
  please show me an actual crash when you call sleep ( ) or something in a ui message handler . 
  that ttk is disgustingly long . 
   a lot of software written in java also tends to be a compatibility nightmare, 
  in my experience it runs the same everywhere ( as advertised too ) . 
  except one is the best shotgun in the game . 
   just about everyone that 's having heinous run-while-loading issues seems to be running an ssd ... 
  running an ssd , no problems so far this patch . 
  no crashes , no hangs , no freezes . 
  populated towns stutter for 5s after entering but that 's whatever . 
  wo n't somebody think of the beetles ?!, 
  i fail to see an analogy here . 
  recovery rate + invuln frames of medkits are incomparable to medic 's regen . 
  regen allowed you to tank 2 hits in this gif . 
  you probably would 've survived regardless . 
  barely , but survived . 
  while 4 medkits on ha will tank 10 hits and maybe even more . 
  reap that sweet ha mains karma i guess . 
  ivi balance is so deep in shit because of you . 
  \\  can not climb slopes, 
  * fps not dropping , effects playing normally, 
  * game fastforwarding after, 
  * latency not fluctuating during lag ( meaning latency is undefined ), 
  it 's a lagspike . 
  not wanting to pointlessly do obsolete content = = give me free 6ls ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  i 'm f5ing this thread just to look at % of upvotes drop . 
  hat pilots grr pilots, 
  i used to play minecraft on `` quake pro '' fov setting , so this looks perfectly normal to me :p,
