  if you ca n't complete the game selffound post-1 .0.5 all i can say is l2p . 
  yes it is slower , but why should i care if i have fun actually finding upgrades ? 
  because other players that for some reason want to sell at lower prices are totally not an rmt company . 
  do you have anything to say to the point ? 
  the point was the game is completely doable without trading . 
  if you do n't want to use ah you might want to try not to , it might be fun for you . 
  well you stated the obvious that selffound progression is slower , and that somehow turned into my suggestion being a joke . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  everyone plays what 's fun , and if it 's fun to find items yourself you should n't buy them . 
  it 's doable and it 's enjoyable for many . 
  he is literally hitler . 
  and blizzard is nazi germany . 
  you bought something in normal ? 
  wow ... why , just why ? 
  actually i find it so funny when someone complains there about trade chat and stupid dealers and lack of search and stuff . 
  but everyone seem too afraid to talk about ah or ( preferably ) web-ah . 
  that 's probably a floating point rounding error . 
  it 's not about the coding but the standard for computer representation of real numbers . 
  maybe you 're taking a bad pun too seriously ? 
  it 's a game in the internet after all . 
  progressing with selffound dh on inferno , super fun . 
  farming and doing public games on my main occasionally . 
  also poe , i like both games . 
  http://pastebin.com/zmzyp9v9 my crafting script for people interested . 
  and also collect questions in half-dozen laguages , translate them , pick most popular , answer , check answers , translate them back into all the languages ( anthough i dont see ru version atm ) . 
  and all that with pax in a couple of days time . 
  what 's lame about that ? 
  why is this upvoted ? 
  it 's a fucking easter egg , it can be anything . 
  in fact , there are number of unique mobs named and titled based on tv shows . 
  it was on this sub some months ago . 
  edit : yay downvote me for asking/not agreeing . 
  my cm wizard experience also tells me that it procs knockback . 
  nightmarish/knockback into base of arcane beam . 
  my hc nightmare . 
   every barbarian has the same shitty whirlwind build , and monks are forced to basically hold down left click until they need to recast sweeping wind , then right click . 
  every sorcerer is stupid if they arent going critical mass , and by the way , fuck you witchdoctors . 
  welcome to 6 months ago . 
  it 's not even that , the way it kills you when you 're actually far away is worrying . 
  it does n't due to alignment . 
  it 's faster for cpu to use variables aligned to it 's word size, 
  well , if someone 's interested in the details :, 
  since until relatively recent most cpus and programs were 32bit the most common variable for number storage consists of 32bits and it 's called int or long . 
  now , each bit can be in one of two states , 0 or 1 . 
  and so math tells us , that a set of 32 bits can be in 2 ^ 32 different states , which , if we do not use negative numbers ( no sign , unsigned ) will give us numbers possible to store in an unsigned long variable :, 
  edit : forgot about the part where we actually get 2 ^ 32 -1 number, 
  for signed numbers ( that can be negative ) computer does this : it divides the range above , and uses half of it to store negative numbers . 
  so the ranges become :, 
  [ 0 ; 2147483647 ] and [ -2147483648 ; -1 ] , and in that last range -2147483648 is represented by 2147483648 and -1 is represented by 4294967295 ( if you want to know why , i suggest [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sign_bit ) , this is getting too long ) . 
  now , when you try to subtract positive number from variable that is zero , the result will be returned in signed format . 
  however if a program is not aware of such case ( i.e. 
  it should n't happen in that place ) it treats the variable as unsigned , and -1 becomes 4294967295 . 
  hope that was an ok explanation , english is n't my native language % ), 
  i actually smiled . 
  then i saw comments here . 
  didnt play characters other than wiz much , except dh which is self found . 
  so i only have archon/cm swap and some trash there . 
  i also cleaned it today so it 's even more empty , 
  those dark mage shades . 
  if you 're into playing ah - probably yes . 
  i 'm just playing the game so i would n't bother . 
  i can laugh at mastercard warriors who wasted money on pixels . 
  that 's something . 
  who said this was the goal of diablo ? 
  because that 's certainly not my goal in d3 or an arpg game . 
  it 's so funny when people talk about p2w , when there 's no universal definition of winning the game . 
  i do look for upgrades , but they dont define whether i ` win ' the game because for me there 's no winning , i just have fun changing playstyles ( incl . 
  builds , classes , acts , sc/hc ) as i like . 
  or i switch to a different game and come back later . 
  and i certainly dont expect bis gear . 
  i mean if they drop ( like my wand ) - sure , awesome , but the way i play - i probably wont have gold or will to watch the ah every 5 minutes for such items . 
  with that in mind , when someone buys gear for real money i dont see it as ` winning ' it 's just a weird ass move to me ( also my family never had much wealth irl , so that adds ) . 
  invulnerable until user action . 
  should be doable i think . 
  nice analogies you got there . 
  there 's a link in that blog to cool d3 art presentation from last year 's gdc . 
  quite amazing . 
  it 's a retarded game mechanic then . 
  lem me just capture my screen 10 times a second , ocr the health globe/readout and send wm_close as soon as hp drops below 20 % . 
  so much for hardcore . 
  oh right , and sometime after that the game will oneshot me to counter use of logoff ` mechanic ' . 
  there 're no boring places , only boring people . 
  i like how morons think he 's trying to ` scapegoat the ah ' , ` make excuses ' , etc. 
  omg , grow up already !, 
  it was n't any sort of acknowledgement either . 
  it was his own talk at gdc where he shared his views on d3 development and outcome intended for other game developers . 
  with the ah being just a single point in the talk . 
  we have n't even seen the whole presentation yet , and i personally looking forward to it . 
  hardwareclass should be 1 or 2 . 
  reduces shader complexity pretty noticeably . 
  kinda same topic , looking for builds for poor-ass default noobs like me -_-, 
  that 's actually a valid thing to do . 
  if you need to do something with your card at a shady place or place with bad surveillance or just any place that 's not inside a bank , basically anywhere you dont trust - try to pull at card receptor and keyboard before using it . 
  if it feels loose - better walk away . 
  no , everyone forgets about wd . 
  i will just hope you 'll read this :, 
  dont use ah until you 'll try to go higher mps or * at least * inferno . 
  or you risk joining a whole bunch of people who say there 's nothing for them to do in the game because they basically facerolled though all the content using gear they bought from ah . 
  the game is very easy now , and there 's so much gear that you can faceroll mp0 with gear worth 1-2mil . 
  take your time , find gear , play with different skills , figure out what 's better , ask and look for builds , but dont use ah at least before inferno .
