  in the thread about a2am ground peasants still continue to babble about antiair and attitude of aces toward them . 
  i knew the tones changed with area 's language since forever , but never noticed they followed the actual notes as they 're written . 
  no matter how glitchy it can get sometimes i 'm buying a 3 months premium after i deal with my exams . 
  because you know what , i owe them at least that much . 
  more _ whoosh _, 
  you know , i tried to think about my favorite and i realized i equally dislike them all . 
  biolabs are cq chokepoint max meat grinders , the other two are hard to get around , especially after amp station redesign . 
  and they only have one point =  camped max meat grinder . 
  points on new amp stations take forever to take , but when they 're taken and hellcamped - the base falls like a minor outpost . 
  oh well i guess i 'll pick biolab for my fav . 
  yay , isk sinks !, 
  those that do n't hold sov ? 
  location of ` stuff ' is probably saved in the central database and it takes noticeable time to change it , let alone from half of the world away . 
   2 ) clauss has been doing some slow indar revamps . 
  i think eventually you 'll see most of the bases touched at least a little bit . 
  the most important change being better spawn placement and spawn teleporter so you have more ways out and it 's harder to camp . 
  ty , exactly what i wanted to hear . 
  falcons just got inifinitely more * epic * for me . 
  honestly , every time i read razer marketing i want to shout bullshit . 
  it 's so cheesy and artificial . 
  and i do n't have anything against their products i own some myself . 
  but this sweetish babbling always gets me . 
  can you seriously justify that last image ? 
  edit : moar downvotes !, 
  and those people demand dev transparency ... / sigh, 
  what ? 
   great at a2a , great at killing armor . 
  great at killing infantry, 
  all using one loadout , amirite ? 
   it 's currently pretty shitty with 99 % of fliers being premade lvl 80-100 people who rape everything except other groups of the same . 
  i see air being raped all the time . 
   there is a reason why a space marine can outrun a battlecruiser in starcraft . 
  err ... what is this supposed to mean ? 
  have you seen a phoenix , an oracle or a mutalisk ? 
  did you miss the point in the suggestion where everyone and their grandma will have a lockon by default ? 
  i 'd say that implies a little damage nerf . 
  let 's see ... 2 people with 250 cert investment each dealing with 1 with 250 resources , 5-10 minute cooldown , multiple thousand cert investment . 
  sounds like those 2 are having it pretty good . 
   2400mhz, 
  1600 and 1333 will do just fine . 
  2 ssds are also an overkill, 
   retreats as soon as aa starts to be pulled in threatening ( as in `` omg , now i have 80 % of my health !, 
  evasive maneuvers !, 
  gtfo ! '' ), 
  numbers . 
  i do n't think you understand exactly how deadly the aa is unless you afterburn out of there , and even then it sometimes gets you . 
   or just fly off somewhere else . 
  it 's almost as if you people want to somehow be able to root aircrafts to the spot while burstering them down . 
  seriously , if you want to remove aircraft 's ability to fly away you may as well just remove them from the game entirely . 
  pancakes w / jam are wtf and repulsive now ? 
  get this shit back to / r/im14andthisiswtf where it belongs . 
  same thing , many friends , all left at level 10-20 . 
  playing alone is boring . 
  i have a hurricane from somewhere around 2011 . 
  i ` have ' a large rigged arbitrator in a titan i no longer have access to :\\ not really my ship , it was given to me when i joined my corp , but i flew in my first null roams in it . 
  i also recently reprocessed a number of bss all ca . 
  was too much : effort : to move them . 
  i recently took a look at the crucifier and damn i really hate this new `` everything symmetric '' meta for ship models . 
  i loved the old crucifier , old scorp ( yes , hang me now ) etc. 
  the new ones look like generic spaceships , the old ones were unique ccp style : /, 
  i figured that tab was unusable 2 hours into tutorial . 
  never ( was able to ) used it since then . 
   then they might as well start from scratch . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  scrap missile formula ? 
  make another special case for ship 's weapons system , except this time not for a class ( titans ) but for a single ship ? 
  i thought that when i started playing . 
  i got used to it . 
  it provides useful information . 
  specialize . 
   he almost ruined one of the most beloved game franchises, 
  let me just tell you that you 're full of shit . 
  that is all . 
  i thought of this kind of video instantly when i watched the original . 
  nice job !, 
  i 'm so going to laugh when all of you realize this feature is actually pretty fun . 
  as it was with death screen . 
  this kind of reaction became the norm in the industry , sadly . 
  ignorant kids think they are 100 % entitled to devs following their half-assed ` vision ' for the game . 
   the game is dying, 
  you can figure out the settings , including privacy . 
  that 's something . 
  in other news water is wet and sky is blue . 
  r u insane, 
  because it 's hard to find cover while being suspended in the air as opposed to roaming between hills . 
  fullscreen ( windowed ), 
  stop spamming your shit in every thread . 
  yeah , it 's like 5-10 fps worse for me , but free instant alttabbing with the game still rendering in background is so worth it . 
  burn the witch, 
  yesterday , 2 hours into a session , i realized i have n't had a single hitch yet . 
  really hope it 's fixed . 
  by hitch i mean a short one second or less screen freeze . 
  now do that for motion spotter . 
  ca n't find the damn things in rocks . 
  wait , what ? 
  you mean really not illegal or just not actively persecuted ? 
  well , fuck you too . 
  it 's okay , i expected to see a brutix model too ;\\, 
  wtf shit answer is this ? 
  obviously vehicles that farm you are much much closer to you than the render distance .
