  * additionally , concentric shape of the blobs is cluttering , see example : http://i.imgur.com/ayhlx4a.jpg ( also note how lines are completely invisible in the new with this zoom level ), 
  * due to gray-ish background the map ( especially lines and empty systems ) has lost some contrast and visibility . 
  elements and maybe labels need more brightness, 
  * side by side comparison with comments : http://i.imgur.com/9dk2s62.png, 
  all that la squad utility . 
  if i buy a 12m sub via steam ( some lucrative offers right now in russian steam ) , can i apply it to my main ( non-steam ) account ? 
   the trick here would be to calculate whether the cost of the plex is lower than the normal subscription cost, 
  yeah , it 's probably not . 
  thanks . 
  typical soe . 
  oh wait they have different name now . 
  after this thread , i knew what would happen in +4 exile zana daily . 
  well fuck that shit , it 's 4 am here anyway . 
  edit : screenshot of the map and my stats fyi http://i.imgur.com/fmqk4to.png, 
  this is so narcissistic it 's hilarious . 
  edit : tl ; dl the only way to play is the way i play , the rest are retard-shitters \u2122, 
  liked the heavy shield idea though . 
   if i am not mistaken , it takes 4 hornet missiles to demolish a skyguard , so he has n't got a chance if an esf shoots first . 
  you people are fucking delusional . 
  a skyguard that dies to hornets alone must be so retarded that it might as well be driverless . 
  thank you for providing context . 
  hornets are maybe too good against tanks , but before buff pretty much nobody used them . 
  i almost auraxiumed them and now i hate using them . 
  you basically ca n't kill anything reliably except lone tanks in areas with no aa , which is no different from rocket pods . 
  and no , getting infantry kills with perfect direct hits or perfect splash double-hits does n't make it a reliable killing weapon . 
  tldr pods are universal , more reliable and just feel better to use . 
  edit : oh i forgot to mention that hornets track and converge worse on mossie and reaver compared to scythe ( covered in numerous threads here ) which makes it hard to get both hits exactly where you want them . 
   simple to use, 
  yeah , right . 
  as usual , people complaining about air have no idea what it 's like to actually use it . 
  are you aware that hornets were buffed and before that they were rarely used because of how obviously better and versatile pods were ? 
  i do n't think there was an increase in missile speed . 
  the damage was upped and pods were made to get an mbt into burning with a mag of perfect hits and i think that 's it . 
   a dalton is unguided, 
  and hornets are guided with precision of an entire esf , that has inertia and tends to fall to the ground . 
  that , divided by hornets own precision and reaction time capabilities ( yes , they too have inertia ) . 
   meanwhile hornets sit far out and pretty much always hit while on top of that being a much more difficult to defend against . 
  why do you people go around here blabbing stuff like that before actually trying to use the thing and getting some experience ? 
  actually you need to stay low at the back until they hit for them to count as rear hits . 
  that 's what the guy above explained . 
  have you actually used hornets ? 
  they are quite more demanding than mana turret . 
   because of their intent to kill maxs in .88 seconds, 
  show me a recoding of someone getting consistent hornet kills on non-awareness-impaired burster maxs . 
  i 'll send them a card for an autograph . 
   harasser goes pop in 2 missiles, 
  are you talking stationary/repairing/solo harasser or something ? 
   you can hold your optics key to disable the built-in laser guidance after firing rockets . 
  and for that you can thank dbg quality code team . 
  not the weapon itself . 
   if you are going head to head with a heavy , you are doing it wrong, 
  yes , because flanking and surprising a heavy [ works wonders ] ( http://gfycat.com/decisiveinfatuatedbedbug ) . 
  fyi , in that video , i was unaware of the infil until shot , i took a couple headshots , and had no nanoweave ( flak armor setup ) . 
  and i think my nmg is not fully certed , because fuck playing the op `` main class '' of this game . 
  [ getting the drop on ha ] ( http://gfycat.com/decisiveinfatuatedbedbug ), 
  if you have n't noticed , buildings have doors . 
  and as it happens , there 's this thing in the game that shows you just which one your enemy is using , real time . 
  stay in spawn . 
  farm tanks . 
  this is my experience with being on the receiving side . 
  anything can kill a tank while being completely safe behind cover ? 
  nobody gives a shit about your paranoia . 
  flying does n't get you much when you 're constrained in where you need to go and your every move is visible to everyone along the entire way . 
  he was downvoted for justifying bugs in their shitty game . 
  mines not rendering . 
   the vast majority of my tank loses are not to hornet esf 's making quick passes past my tank , but are the ones that can hover above my turret elevation, 
  so how did you end up in a situation where an esf could hover above for half a minute with no interruption ? 
  oh , you took a risk that is flanking . 
   wait ... are you ... serious ? 
  he is correct . 
  yes , esf has speed . 
  it also has no hp , no cover and its counters can extend out to 1 km ranges . 
  well , that 's nice to hear , because i finally can put auraxed hornets away and return to farming salt with pods and not feel bad about it . 
   much lower ttk than rocket pods . 
  nope . 
   it requires less exposure . 
  only if you take the risk and have skills to make low passes . 
  otherwise they require more exposure to guide them . 
   more importantly , they ohk infantry and even maxes . 
  only if you 're scoring perfect hits which is close to impossible with aa present . 
   have a lot more range than rocket pods . 
  they are hard capped at 300 . 
  2 g2a lockons/single flak source will solve your problems against single esf . 
  idk he sounds pretty chill to me . 
  i even believe you that there 's something else at play here . 
  but until that is revealed you look smug basically about a guy who decided to fuck over his friend who owned a titan . 
  i. e. not very smart or nice . 
  more like 2 . 
  wtb a recording of that happening . 
  how do you kill a tank in 2 volleys while hovering above ( hint : you do n't get rear hits that way ) ? 
  you 've never took flak from a hex you 're not even in while dogfighting , have n't you ? 
  you probably never had to reload either . 
  but stats are wrong when they tell the story i do n't want to agree with !, 
  drag the slider to see 2 years back . 
  i did n't design tr vehicles to be long range , at which we finally got a weapon to fight . 
  your stuff ? 
  exactly . 
  the game 's basically a cashcow now , selling out last bits of artistic integrity . 
  the game looks like shit for everyone though . 
   but yes the pink camo is happening and everything we 're seeing indicates a lot of folks were interested .
