  nice echo chamber you got here , 
  just the kind of implementation you would expect from dbg . 
  `` stop killing yourself '', 
  i 've recently been hit by vanguard ap while going full ab full transversal around it , retreating from a semi successful engagement . 
  hitting with that shit is easymode . 
  sure , when they are standing still/have no flak armor/have 1 burster arm/are otherwise retarded . 
  starting default is shit but there are some specialized overview presets included by ccp , are they bad too ? 
  ( never tried them ), 
  any idea why oracle is dead ( not updating ) ? 
   reaction time is too slow, 
  reaction time to beep is fucking instant which means your flank has now been shat on by an ai in a pvp game . 
  i do n't click on them . 
  however i have no idea what this one is about since there 's no tag and no clear title . 
  edit : i guess i did n't notice the tag from my front page . 
  the title is still really cryptic though . 
  or just export and backup , together with settings profile . 
  i do this every so often since my settings had become corrupted in 2011 and i had to manually restore every little thing . 
   an item that can not be bought or sold on the market, 
  it 's not like it makes it untradeable, 
   can only be used on characters with less than 750,000 skill points, 
  this kinda does . 
  that happens when you bridge in groups of 20 . 
  that 's not a fucking advantage when you have to steer your entire falling and inertial vehicle that is exposed to every ap in the hex to guide them . 
   falling and inertial vehicle that is exposed to every ap, 
  in case it is n't clear - this is a huge disadvantage vs. fire-and-forget dumbfires . 
  well , from my perspective people , logis in particular , really scrambled to reship and get on the field . 
  because they make you exposed for quite a long time . 
  and that is a bug . 
  as is the broken sound in this game - the reason you ca n't properly anticipate an air attack . 
   press spacebar , or roll to the side, 
  which you ca n't do because you 're throwing your missiles into nothing if you 're doing any maneuver that is actually evasive . 
  show me a video of guiding hornets into running infantry while doing proper evasive maneuvers instead of slowly falling like an xp pinata . 
  proper means using ab because just holding space is n't enough to dodge anything . 
  it 's not like you 're getting exposed only to ap cannons . 
  i specifically mentioned them because their efficiency increases exponentially as esf loses its ability to dodge , e.g. 
  in the time interval when it 's guiding missiles . 
  any non braindead infantry man will have a high probability to escape your laughably small splash radius due to increased aiming error while doing this . 
  well , in my experience ( as you can probably tell already ) , it was very frustrating because rocketpods/nosegun would be so much easier and safer . 
   they still work wonders in smaller fights, 
  the thing is , anything will work in small fights . 
  you will take out infantry in 1-12 or lone tanks with any nosegun or wing mount provided they do n't have aa . 
  i played wow for 3 months around wod release , and holy shit it was horrible . 
  maybe somebody can point out what i did wrong . 
  i ( and some other people , also first time wow players ) decided we wanted to level our first characters ourself to introduce ourselves to the game and the lore etc etc. 
  we had a couple of experienced players with us ( also leveling new characters ) to accelerate the process . 
  at first it was manageable , up to about level 60 where the group kind of fell apart due to leveling taking too much time and not everyone being able to dedicate enough of it to keep up . 
  from that point it was grinding , grinding and grinding the quests which became increasingly boring . 
  the only highlight i remember was an hour of some cool underleveled pvp in some cataclysm location . 
  on top of this , at about level 75 we were recommended to pick up an `` ingame profession '' and the process increased the grind exponentially . 
  it took me about a week of non-stop 4-6h / day grind ( using guides ) to get my tailoring up to last levels ( with a bunch of borrowed gold too ) and at that point i was struggling with my sanity and really questioning myself `` why do i even do this shit ? '', 
  after this we did some lfr/dungeons to gear up for the wod and it was kind of fun , not terribly exciting but i wanted * something * to justify the money spent at that point . 
  then wod came out and our group fell apart almost immediately due to server problems , and different time windows each of us was able to dedicate ( both in duration and time ) . 
  i was playing with whatever person having closest level to me , but mostly alone . 
  it was grind-grind-grind again . 
  i did endure it and made it to 100 in a couple of weeks . 
  at that point i was so burnt out that even pvp did n't interest me : large fights on the `` new island '' looked like mindless laggy clusterfucks , bg felt pretty similar . 
  i did n't have the gear to pvp too and had no desire to grind that . 
  i gave away all my gold and whatever to our experienced players and never logged in again . 
  tldr 3 months around wod release were * the most * boring , unfun game experience i 've ever had . 
  in 6 + years of eve , even when i paid with plex ( admittedly when it was < 500m ) , it was never that grindy . 
  idk if this counts but in `` high school '' ( in russia that translates to being ~ 16-18 y/o ) i was choosing between chemistry and programming and probably knew more about former than latter . 
  but i chose programming . 
  i am getting a cs degree but i started doing it at about the same time i started programming professionally and before that i did a bit of self studying . 
  the thing that helped me most was having a real project with real code to work on ( for me , it was a game server and its supporting system ; it can be some open-source project for you ) . 
  working on that project i learned several new languages , and techniques like oop and multithreading , and just general stuff like writing clean , robust and efficient code , using ides , [ vcss ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/version_control ) , other tools . 
  these things netted me my first job later ; even though i did n't have a degree , i had enough experience to pass interviews and tests . 
  this is not a pve game . 
  you do n't have to fully cert fs , it will only improve your uptime . 
   turn your mouse sensitivity for flying waaay the fuck up, 
  this way you will constantly overcompensate . 
  i do n't think any of the good pilots fly with high sensitivity . 
  spotter nerf is a huge change for me . 
  ew , lockons . 
  striker valk is much more fun . 
  on prowler ? 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  whatever it was in opera 12 . 
  never had problems there , both search suggestions and history suggestions worked the way i expected . 
  vivaldi likes to autocomplete to some crazy long address i visited on that website and also to change the autocompleted address just as i push enter . 
  drag it ? 
  it 's the way it works now . 
  the displayed functionality is obviously bugged and should be bug reported . 
  enjoy your `` grr ccp '' hissy fit karma i guess . 
  [ those , probably , if you 're so inclined ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ouvdmhl.png ), 
  edit : the image itself is on ` ccpgames.cdn.adglare.net `, 
  edit : actually , the screenshot shows the link url , the image itself is hosted on ` ccpgames.cdn.adglare.net `, 
  fake edit : i do n't mind these `` ads '' but i find it funny that ccp actually uses an ad network to embed them in their own launcher . 
  weird choice . 
  fake edit followup : now that i think of it , they 're probably used as ads in other places or generally within that ad network . 
  so it makes sense to reuse them to minimize content management . 
  the only gripe i have with this is that omegas should n't see what alphas can and can not use , that 's useless information . 
  fuck me , i might just get my most expensive t-shirt !, 
  you do n't need to be an `` a2a master '' to gank an annoying a2g esf . 
  just plan an escape option and you will do considerable damage to it for free . 
  \\  whining about he in 2016, 
  lol, 
  population is clearly declining and has reached below pre-construction levels quite a while ago . 
  finding 100vs100 ( aka cancer ) fights is possible more because of bottlenecky zerg-inducing maps . 
   and how is telling players `` no , population is declining '' supposed to bring more population ? 
  that 's not my problem ?
