  * fucking screeeee, 
   you will usually asked for your passport, 
  rarely , in my experience . 
  still , you should always have your id with you , especially as a tourist . 
  and , as is tradition , there 's a butthurt ground peasant mindlessly blabbing away about g2a/a2g in a thread about a2a balance . 
  sky ceiling agains a2a lockons ? 
  like ... 
  what ? 
  it looks sooo washed out with it , it 's a shame . 
  something as informative but less intrusive would be appreciated . 
  it 's broken since multithreading changes . 
  you can use an overlay or a second monitor to look at your actual gpu load using , say , msi afterburner . 
  if you 're losing frames with idling ( not 100 % ) gpu - you 're cpu bound . 
  i may nuke the whole pi line of skills . 
  or i may give it another go . 
  or i may : effort : all of the above . 
   who is going to pay 400m + for 80000 sp ? 
  why are you assuming your only target market is players who will get that sp conversion rate ? 
  and that 's why it was changed : so we could stop waiting for redeploy timers every time we log in . 
  he should 've tried to mess with trajectories with a strong magnet . 
  any videos like that ? 
  just get headshots on that gut spastically jumping all over the place , it 's not problem . 
   how can you be pissed at ha 's & jump on the ha hate train if you play all classes ? 
  because some people can see beyond bias ? 
  * cyber * bullies , even !, 
  but, 
  no emo dark themes pls ty, 
  fyi it 's the same as ** i. 
  **reddit.com/r/something except this format is easier to type . 
  i still shudder when i hear that . 
  i suffered too much as a noob in a low-skill beam omen/harb trying to do lvl2-3s . 
  what a silly idea . 
  so basically you want a walker that you need to lead somewhat in hands of a small disposable unit ? 
  if this game had more purpose and higher stakes in taking bases you would n't be downvoted and spying would be more common . 
  speaking as an eve player . 
  because ap needs aim , positioning etc. 
  ever heard of slugs ? 
  you mean ... an a2g anti-armor specialized bomber versus a tank ? 
  yeah , sounds perfectly normal . 
  i wonder when and who decided that only g2a specialization matters and not a2g one . 
  dalton is ai now ? 
  also all 3 can not be affective in their role with a single pilot . 
  so in the end it 's a specialization . 
   one guy in a tankbuster lib will stomp 1 guy in a skyguard lightning . 
  so again , a bomber with a high-precision ap cannon ( dalton ) and a shotgun-range high damage ap nosegun can win against an aa specialized light tank if they ( the bomber ) play right . 
  what 's wrong here ? 
  with ai equipped you lose a lot of defense against air . 
  duster will not work against tanks while zepher is kind of old heat , can do both av and ai bot not as good . 
  ( before you say anything , i personally was killed by zepher maybe ~ 10 times in the whole past year . 
  yeah . ), 
  i know that justicia usually flies with dalton . 
  and yes , having the dalton matters because then you 'd have to count on * always * hitting the tb in the back . 
  is mbts eating unaware lightnings for breakfast and dinner also `` too much in one in one package '' ? 
  because again , i see no difference . 
  mbt also oneclips lightnings in the back in av/av config . 
  you can swap seats if you want to do it that way . 
  you 'll lack some ai capability , but tanks do n't have that anyway these days . 
  persistent module and lock delay with 10 % tidi did n't feel like a properly rf 'd node . 
  \\  best vehicle, 
  \\  kek, 
  the question was about ai maxs . 
  can you get he and ai noseguns in the same places you can get max to ? 
  ( read : basically anywhere ), 
  what other faction specific lmgs have 0.75 ? 
   the problem was never the guns themselves , it was the class that was using them . 
  i agree though . 
  and these changes seems to make it worse . 
  imo reaver is actually the best for a2g and good , but requires more skill to be good for a2a . 
  can you put it in a room ? 
  yeah right , the invuln mechanic is fine . 
  it 's the people that ca n't hit ( chain headshot even ) the target jumping all over their screen that are the problem . 
  an esf that tries to shoot through windows will be blasted away by any ha , tank , flak source in seconds . 
  he is a problem of base design . 
  it 's nerfed to shit anyway . 
  buffing own hp with a button is objectively less fun than : being invisible + recon , flying + < la tool when , dbg ?  , supporting + reviving , supporting + a ton of tools . 
  ticked off prolif , auras , other = still sad about shotgunning, 
  yeah , op stuff is fun . 
  different kind of fun . 
  gets boring . 
  continue on with abusing . 
  nothing 's gon na change anyway . 
  ha is sacred . 
  anything is whining if you believe hard enough . 
  you said it yourself though : you go for whatever is most powerful and call it fun , even though it 's the most shit uncreative game mechanic ever . 
  it 's okay though , just keep being in denial . 
  that scion needs to shut up when casting though . 
  the highlight of the vod is you trying to click on the name of the cheater and not getting the menu . 
  the last line in the chat window is bugged like that , just typical dbg quality code . 
  the workaround is to say something , then you can click on the name since it 's not the last line anymore . 
  hey , people who know the subject they 're talking about are constantly saying one thing . 
  surely they 're all wrong !, 
  fyi flares actually improve your g2a ability . 
  get a clue , you dumb shit . 
  so you 're saying that ps2 is an untouchable paramount of game balance and can not be improved ? 
  so basically you 're just a sad troll . 
  or jetpack sound . 
  exactly , this was announced several times by ccp and hyped up by csm . 
  the result so far is ` meh ' - at best . 
  what bugs me the most is that besides a feeling of further nerf nothing was said to address the uselessness of caps in sov post-aegis ( except new titan abilities ) . 
  well to me working prototypes did n't seem like `` early stage ideas '' and nobody actually said they were .
