  visibility : visible ! important ;, 
  pointer-events : all ! important ;, 
  it may not counter all ways of disabling , but so far it worked on every sub for me . 
  i do like using subreddit styles though . 
  shadow supers *, 
  like [ this ] ( https://github.com/mrmeee/bumblebee-old-and-abbandoned/commit/a047be85247755cdbe0acce6 ) . 
  may i remind you that tethered ships must not be bumpable at all for citadels to hold feature parity with poses . 
  not really , it 's a very long old github comment chain with memes and stuff . 
  can take some f5s to load . 
  i too believe citadels provide too much safety in many of their aspects . 
  however , if the bumping problem is not solved , then the only safe place to store supers after pos are removed would be a keepstar ant that 's kinda stupid . 
  xwx *, 
  what he said is n't an opinion , it 's common sense for it-literate people . 
  i still do n't understand how isps will be able to track shit ( except ips ) when most of the web is https now . 
  wait ... they are n't 1b ? 
  why , oh why are you using us date format for browsing activity interval ? 
  it 's either system locale or iso standard , no other options . 
  thank you for reminding me of reason # 572 to not log in . 
  for me personally , all expectations went out the window after ( spoiler ? ), 
  they declared their intent to `` reignite '' the dying ( for some reason ) sun using nuclear weapons . 
  it only went downhill after that , just could n't take it seriously . 
  also horror elements felt unnecessary and out of place . 
  yeah , that looked terrible tbh . 
  almost not worth having the new stars at all . 
  nobody forces you to click that tiny list item , that also is at the very bottom . 
  fuck off you bunch of whiny `` grr change '' crybabies . 
  oh yeah m8 , ccp definitely wants to kill their game in a spectacular fashion , e.g : what you wrote there . 
  need some tinfoil ? 
  then those people should probably express their opinions and use cases more clearly instead of piling onto `` hate ` ads ' '' crowd . 
  rachmaninov 's concertos - only by vladimir ashkenazy . 
  a little too much handwaving for me . 
  remember those pictures showing sun 's scale ? 
  where single coronal mass ejection is many times bigger than earth ? 
  now tell me you can still take a plot where humans can do something meaningful to the sun seriously . 
  not to mention that sun will exist for another 5b years . 
  but this one is easier to deal with ( for me anyway ) . 
  while watching interstellar for the first time i was constantly afraid that it was going to turn into sunshine at some point . 
  i was very pleasantly relieved to find that it did n't and also that it did n't use horror moments . 
  because fuck directors that use that cheap trick . 
  the moment stuff like you mentioned appears in the game it will be truly dead . 
  ccp knows it . 
  these wo n't ever increase performance . 
   high shadows , textures high, 
  these may , especially latter . 
  you need to know which knob does what , turning everything to 11 wo n't work . 
  no time wasted for texture transcoding . 
  idk about shadows , they 're unlikely to improve performance too but i 'm not sure about all cases . 
  it stops . 
  textures are loaded directly into gpu memory in a ready-to-use format . 
  of course you need enough of it to contain most of the textures you 're going to be using . 
  not sure about poe , no . 
  this is definitely how it works in planetside 2 though ( forgelight engine ) , and i think it 's logical to assume it may work similarly for other engines . 
   like 1 + m with 10-20 % in cash, 
  wait what ? 
  cash - as in paper banknotes ? 
  who the hell does six-figures deals in cash - except drug lords , that is ? 
  edit : dear mr. downvoter , thank you for your input , but i thought that my three question marks made it obvious that i want some kinds of worded reply . 
  thank you . 
  157 % of statistics are made on the spot . 
   there is an empty canvas . 
   you may place a tile upon it , but you must wait to place another . 
   individually you can create something . 
   together you can create something more . 
  reading comprehension ? 
  sick reference , i 'm watching bsg right now . 
  bsg is battlestar galactica series . 
  there 's a notion there that god has forsaken the planet-birthplace of humanity . 
   writing `` fuck reddit '' in a thread on reddit, 
  regardless of the answer , the iwin shield is stupidly bad design . 
  both for has and vanguards . 
  negative volume \\ o /, 
  itt : nc making desperate excuses . 
  nice d3 gameplay video . 
   i have yet to see him do actually harmful prank, 
  wrecking somebody 's store , probably causing tens of thousands of euro damage comes to mind instantly . 
  30 % equals one core and a bit more for your 4-core 4-thread cpu . 
  pretty much any game will fully consume one core for it 's main rendering and simulation thread , and some more for aux tasks . 
  so i do n't know what 's ridiculous about this . 
  that option is basically a fancy name for vsync toggle . 
  there 's nothing to fix with it . 
  that 's pretty much the same load , since task manager shows overall cpu load . 
  on his 4-thread cpu single 100 % thread is equal 25 % cpu load , on your 8-thread it 's 12.5 % . 
  my 4770k ( 8-thread ) also hovers around 11-16 % cpu load . 
  one thread at 100 % would show as 100 % / 12 = 8.3 % total cpu load for you . 
   as long as special bosses ( breach , guardians , uber ) are n't dying instantly i think we are in a good state . 
  a couple days ago there was a [ video ] ( https://redd.it/64cn17 ) where guy just held rmb on the shaper for less than 10s in each phase and won the game . 
  we 're in a fucking pathetic state . 
  every time i open his steam it 's a `` blob '' salt mine . 
  shame , it can be entertaining at times . 
  i 'm russian , i have good connection , i played all my time on miller . 
  if you suggest moving all russian players to their own `` reservation '' you can fuck off . 
  what this game needs is a ping/loss limit . 
  fuck you . 
  i like that scene . 
  and the fight in general . 
  and the rots in general . 
   much like the memory footprint of the software . 
  i just died a little on the inside . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  i cant help but to call them `` babybytes . '',
