  first , i ** personally ** do n't give a fuck about any sov and will move to npc space at the first notice . 
  what my alliance does is another story . 
  second , who cares about renter sov 2-3 months before fozziesov ? 
  judging by how we let like 5 systems in outer passage drop without any resistance - nobody really cares much . 
  again , just my personal , line-member-with-history , analysis . 
  third , stability issues imply some internal struggle in alliance . 
  the only thing that was kinda close to that was when solar sbu 'd bwf . 
  a lot of new people legitimately panicked , older were like `` yeah got ta fuel my carrier just in case . '', 
  la dual-wielding is suddenly * so much * cooler . 
  somebody , pls , failcascade quick . 
  i do n't think i can endure pics of goons waving their epeen much more . 
  are you suggesting someone should go and properly redistribute someone else 's money ? 
  because they had skills and made right choices and took risks to amass and multiply their fortune ? 
   the manufacturer has to pay microsoft for that machine anyway . 
  as if * manufacturers * ca n't go through the process of assembling pc from parts . 
  fuck dell . 
  why would you buy that . 
   sure , as soon as they nerf maxes . 
  maxes are just heavies on steroids . 
  so , this would be 2 good things in one , right ? 
  no , i 'm just not an entitled oversimplified-solutions-obsessed teenager . 
  i am also russian and i know from the history of my country how these `` redistribution of wealth '' ideas turn out ( see : economy politics and formation of ussr ) . 
   it may not be the same after the patch but seeing as the airgame is based around an exploit turned feature there 's not much more damage that can be done . 
  oh i see , you 're just retarded , nvm . 
   flight controls changes, 
    there will be subtle differences but they should be mostly unperceivable, 
  roughly translated as `` slap some shit together and deploy to live '', 
  will log in just to see how broken it is . 
  what else can you expect when they call for mass testing which show how shitty the system is . 
  then they make some changes and push them to live 2 days later . 
  well you come and say that nothing bad could be cone to these * exploit-based * controls . 
  first , why would you go into retarded area of arguing that rm is an exploit . 
  second , last time i checked the changes were terrible . 
  they also made new untested changes on pts just 2 days ago and now they just gon na go and force that on us . 
  russian oligarchs are a result of corrupt government . 
  but , a ) not all of them are that way : it is important because otherwise you 're just witchhunting ,, 
  b ) in general wealth does n't equal `` corrupt russian oligarch '' ,, 
  c ) afaik the first generation ( 90s ) amassed their wealth through both corruption and the fact that general public was n't aware of how capitalism works . 
  the population were issued `` vouchers '' which represented part-ownership of previously state owned property . 
  most people sold them to ( eventually ) oligarchs at extremely low price because they were not aware of , essentially , what they were selling . 
  this is of course scummy , but hey , * people sold them * . 
  how do you go about fixing that ? 
   fortunately i 'm a european living in a healthy society with decent social mobility and low inequality , not to mention a social safety net . 
  i do n't why anyone would live anywhere else . 
  good for you . 
  i do n't know why you 're implying i would n't want that . 
  in fact , moving to europe is my mid/long-term goal . 
  technically you 're correct but calling something an exploit usually implies the need of fixing and/or punishing users . 
  so i 'd say `` unintended mechanics '' or something . 
  on the pitchforks part , i really hope they wo n't break controls . 
  but the reality is that there was only a single mass-test where pretty much everybody agreed that new controls pretty much fucked aiming and altered maneuvers . 
  after that , looking at pts notes , there were like 2-3 sets of changes that were n't properly announced and tested . 
  the last change was made literally this monday which is laughable . 
  you speak as if there are no billionaires or capitalism in europe . 
  there are many and even more just wealthy people . 
  all the benefits of life in europe stem from hard work and proper and strict government policies . 
  that is , lack of corruption . 
  not because amassing and multiplying wealth is forbidden of some shit like that . 
  that 's what i 'm getting at : people absolutely must look out for how their taxes are spent but should n't place wealthy as the root of all evil . 
  and that 's what you 're doing . 
  why should one not be able to multiply wealth ? 
  if you 're willing to risk a part of it - you expect to get proper returns . 
  the more you risk the bigger the returns are . 
  you say that investing and banking create no values . 
  but investing creates work places , drives innovation and drives economy . 
  banking is just debt management in its highest form . 
  if you have a demand for debt management services - you will have banks . 
  so what 's the problem here ? 
  you say that workers create value for no profits but i do n't know anyone working for free . 
  and why should n't the guy at the top get his share ? 
  he 's the strategist , he orchestrated his workers whether tens or thousands , he looks into and plans for the future . 
  he also , believe it or not , cares about his workers ' demands because of such things as strikes , unions and competition . 
  lastly , you mention russia as capitalism and that 's funny . 
  capitalism is still more or less in its infancy here . 
  old generation still does n't really understand how it works , how markets and banks work , what inflation is , how should unions ( rudimentary in russia ) work . 
  it 's also pretty tough to open a business and that 's kinda opposite of capitalism . 
  this coupled with corruption results in very skewed wealth distribution . 
  so in short , wealth and wealthy people is not the problem . 
  corruption is . 
  the great thing about switzerland and its transport system is that half the country including mountains , beautiful lakes and pretty towns can count as `` activities around town . '', 
  trains can get expensive so you may want to look into halbtax or swisspass depending on duration of your stay . 
  http://sbb.ch/en ( this is also a universal timetable ), 
  destinations are actually hard to suggest because basically it 's hard to choose wrong . 
  just go with your personal preference : cities/towns vs. nature , visiting touristy places ( google/wikitravel will help here ) vs. just going somewhere . 
  have fun . 
   the kind of dogfighting in ps2 is just circling around each other in place and spamming the reverse thrusters , not very unique . 
  please get a clue . 
  like you come in with your pure shit opinion that does n't have anything to do with reality and then you complain that pilots are ~ toxic ~ when i tell you to shut up ? 
   most full-time pilots are toxic, 
  most pilots are tired of tons of bullshit opinions surrounding their game . 
  like that `` the pilots are toxic . '', 
   they 're too busy 1v1ing each other instead of contributing to the fight, 
  what exactly is `` contributing to a fight '' ? 
  rocketpodding ? 
  killing rocketpoders ? 
  killing the guy that kills your rocketpodders ? 
  etc, 
  how is fighting other factions on live server is `` not contributing '' ? 
   the physics do n't make sense and allow all aircraft to flop around and stop on a dime, 
  physics make perfect sense for high thrust-to-weight vtol .
