  pretty * fun * map during the last poe stream . 
  did n't see it posted here , so ... 
  i know , they finally destroyed them by making pausing and preloading impossible . 
  sometimes it 's still possible to watch them by switching quality trying to connect to non laggy server or something . 
   `` if the deputies used tasers and one prong missed , mulligan said , they might be left in a difficult and potentially dangerous situation . '', 
  better call in the airstrike ... wait , what if they have anti aircraft weapons ? 
  no , better launch some missiles . 
  having participated in seti@home, `` tasks '' ( bunches of computation work ) are computed at least twice by different clients . 
  now i really want to run this program but as i remember heat from permanent 100 % cpu gets unbearable in summer . 
  maybe i 'll think again in autumn . 
  i think the first failure was caused by bad magnet interconnection that lost superconductivity and heated which resulted in chain reaction . 
  used to play on 9600gt . 
  in case you 're wondering , you ca n't get playable framerates without cutting render quality ( basically downscaling resolution without changing actual output resolution ( ui stays readable ) ) . 
  regardless of language , is that really appropriate ? 
  i do n't understand upvotes here . 
  nice video , fighting opponents who ca n't aim . 
  because lmgs kill maxes . 
  oh that was justified , right . 
   that 'd absolutely destroy the solo ha players, 
  good . 
   would put too much reliance on medics or engies and wreck the ha 's role as an infantry killer . 
  good . 
  i 'm not glad because some particular faction `` got rekt . '', 
  i 'm glad because they wo n't be op anymore . 
  whether it 's an overnerf or not i 'll trust for devs to decide since i do n't play ha . 
  now they need to just nerf the overshield and i may actually enjoy the infantry experience in the game . 
  wow , how were these news so messed up ? 
  also i want to take this opportunity to remind you that `` logout '' functionality still does n't work when launching using the launcher . 
  there 's no log out button and the hotkey just shuts the client down, 
  great, 
  yes . 
  as an la main , class based on flanking , fuck those wallhacks . 
  they totally nullify any flanking you can do and you can only hope that your opponents are stupid . 
  also fuck spitfire turrets . 
  they should n't be able to shoot straight up and should too cost resources . 
  high risk ? 
  so you put it in spawn or the point you hold and you get all the intel from around it indefinitely -- that 's high risk ? 
  yes . 
  they are another free alarm system . 
   if you put it in spawn room you are fucking camped . 
  in a 12v12 fight ? 
   so , your point is invalid, 
  there was another point where spotter is set on your point or in any other protected area . 
  the point is , there 's no risk in using motion spotter and it 's a free , static , no-interaction nullifier of enemy flanking abilities . 
  are you aware of like ten different semi major ruski groups in eve ?? 
  fuck res fuck you, 
  i 'm a strong independent web 1.0 ui that does n't need no res, 
  xdeath , solar , ra+drf , ge come to mind first, 
  also xdeath is not a single multiboxer , there are * dozens * of us, 
  once they leave the local nobody 's gon na give a fuck about dscan . 
  op is stupid . 
  op here said about high risk for the infil placing the thing . 
  these 's no such risk . 
  it 's a way of saying `` i 'm leet pvp come at me '' . 
  any one of the following would be a good start : activation delay / more movement penalty / overall ha movement penalty / no headshot protection . 
   you think has are op when we have maxes in this game, 
  they both are . 
  nice evasive maneuvers , 
  oh it 's so funny when this shitty community trash talks pilots for `` honorabru '' and `` elitism '' and then tries to impose some kind of honoure standard for classes allowed for use while piloting . 
  such hypocrisy . 
  fuck ccp for replacing 2 squares and a rectangle with an actual set of icons amirite ? 
  this is not everu bro , this is the place for actual * good * shitposting . 
  la is not support . 
  medic can be effectively used not for support . 
  infil can be used not for support . 
  the only pure support in engi . 
  could you , like , not refer to people as shitters ? 
   class that seems to be designed around being op, 
  ftfy . 
  no need to sweet talk it . 
  playing ha only is so much fun though . 
  such engaging `` pess f to win '' gameplay , so many intricacies , choices , so much skill . 
  exactly by 700 points of ... skill !, 
  i , for one , hate op things that have no counter . 
  hey , actually fuck fair fights , what a useless concept . 
  press f !, 
  la is all about support , yeah . 
  hey , op things have better chances , who could 've thought . 
  `` other people must think , i can just press my skill-button . '', 
  yeah sure , he 's totally not trying to justify ha by saying that medic can be good . 
  totally not doing that like a bunch of other ha mains . 
   after all they are the ones running into has environment and expecting to get out unscathed . 
  as la , if this game is a ha environment , i should probably finally uninstall . 
  fuck off , max is a massive cert + resource investment . 
  having 700 more ... * skill * is definitely not op . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
   heavy is the the primary class by design . 
  and just like that , having 700 more * skill * was justified . 
  sometimes i have no idea how you people even do that . 
  medic has other things to do . 
  what is la ? 
  what is la ? 
  i can fly . 
  does this make me support class ? 
  flying does n't help me kill when the other class can press f , turn around and kill me . 
  heavy just shoots stuff and presses f. that 's not enough to be as fun as others . 
  possibly unexpected , i also fly as engi . 
  i find it helps concentrating when fighting till the end . 
  how does it help compete at the main thing in an fps , killing stuff ? 
  people just do n't want to look at the truth : all class abilities help them at killing ( main thing you do in this game ) indirectly ( medic is borderline here ) and require thinking and execution to take advantage of .
