  i do n't want to be rude and unhelpful but did you try moving your mouse sideways ? 
  like for real , flying is hard , but this is just being lazy . 
  go to vr , pull an esf , get some altitude and try moving your mouse different ways  get a feel for controls . 
  if you crash there you can get a new esf instantly . 
  exactly . 
  i mean i can always hop in a tengu and impersonate a forsaken hub bot . 
  but i 'd rather go places i 've never been to and whs are great for that . 
  i actually tend to lose sense of time while doing it . 
  `` i 'll just scan this constellation real quick ... aaaaaand half a day has gone and i visited 3 remote corners of the galaxy . '', 
  [ what a great contribution to this discussion . 
  thank you . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hfyjsqahl0&amp;hd=1 ), 
  lol, 
   most russian people live pretty normally and are n't living in a crisis . 
  yeah right , and food prices are n't 50 % + up . 
  it 's a game . 
  it 's supposed to be fun . 
  this . 
  i always use +3 s and do n't give a shit but i actually never did a remap in 5 + years of playing . 
  too much pita and worrying . 
  really ? 
  someone , please , do the math for losing an unupgraded clone every 2 weeks for a year and not using implants for the same period . 
  i ca n't be bothered . 
  use +3 s ? 
  use 2 instead of the full set ? 
  i say you fucked yourself there and trying to blame the game for it . 
  this sub has a taste of / r/hellokittyonline lately . 
  i do n't have as much of pa problem with flight ceiling hight rather than with the way you interact with it . 
  you just lose all control , including the ability to ** stop ** firing and abing . 
  you can let go of everything and you will continue to consume ammo and ab while system pushes you back below ceiling . 
  this needs to be better . 
  this is why a hate flying close to flight ceiling . 
  peasants ' knee-jerk reactions to anything-air-at-all are always hilarious . 
  this . 
  it 's like a half of normal there . 
  they will fix the rendering distance bug eventually so your point is void . 
  with normal rendering you ca n't hit ground even from the current flight ceiling . 
  this sliding bug was introduced around 6 months ago . 
  why do you want < 1 \u00b0 / s rated yaw on your mouse ? 
   no advantage other than having the sensible controls for aiming . 
  you do n't aim with yaw in this game . 
  you rarely fine tune with it . 
   mouse pitching is too slow , so why is it ok to have that on the mouse ? 
  mouse pitching is perfectly fine and can be used to for any maneuvers ( including reverse ) * and * aiming . 
  yaw is too slow to aim and it 's rarely used for fine tuning . 
  since i 'm saying yaw explicitly i 'm talking about the air game . 
  can you not understand that yaw is unusable not because of controls but because of it 's low speed ? 
  `` you are no longer necessary , human . '', 
  is it me , or you talked more about remaps than attributes ? 
  i meant that it 's remaps that are problematic , not attributres/implants . 
  mwd stabber , 3 overdrives , 2 lses . 
  cheap and efficient . 
  you do n't need excel experience if you do n't feel the urge to do trading or production for some reason . 
   ( move mouse forward or backwards ), 
  this is pitch . 
   your cpu is very unlikely to be the real bottleneck in any event . 
  5k brackets on screen would like to have a word with you . 
  do n't they do that except on larger time scales ? 
  well , and no one is there to rebalance or remove mining methods/sources . 
  playing sov you may have these situations every other day . 
  well 5k maybe a bit of exaggeration if you remove drones , capsules and other trash , but it 's not anything unexpected especially if you count brackets in the overview ( those are even worse because they also update all the data in your overview columns ) . 
  and personally i try to always have all ship brackets in space and minimal overview , usually tacklers . 
  because as a logi and even as dps you can go without overview . 
  meanwhile with space brackets ( and tactical overlay ) you can actually see where the fuck you are relative to your fleet/allies/enemies / bombs/whatnot . 
  this saved me personally numerous times . 
  just knowing where to burn before your anchor does it is huge . 
  anomalies were nerfed , it did n't go well . 
  space needs buffs , not nerfs . 
  there 's still not much connection between price ( time primarily ) of conducting sov war and payoff in case you are successfull . 
  sov is shit . 
  oh yeah , inflation myth again . 
  i do n't see any there https://imgur.com/a/corfk, 
  inb4 `` but prices rose there '' : not every price increase is inflation . 
  edit : another graph http://cdn1.eveonline.com/www/newssystem/media/65910/1/indices_2014-02.png, 
  i 'm not even sure that there is consistent price growth . 
  all prices in general ( talking primarily about ships and mods here since they are primary mineral consumers ) * grew * when ccp removed drone alloys thus shortening supply . 
  after that , i believe , there were only fluctuations caused by balancing ( e.g. , recently , curse ) , meta shifts ( bss , ishtars , tengus ) * , large coalitions making new fleet comps , etc. 
  * - for quick self check i used http://www.eve-markets.net/ and looked up 1200days of history for maelstrom , lachesis , scimitar , basilisk , tengu , ishtar . 
  as i said , these are just for quick self-check . 
  in the end , the graphs you want if you 're looking for inflation are the ones i already linked : general indexes and basic mineral dynamics . 
  in case of ( often cited as inflation ) plex i believe the recent 1b spike showed that a lot of its price is speculation and a lot of it are the same old supply and demand . 
  plex-wise you can actually say that isk is/was devaluing relative to usd but technically this still is n't equal to inflation especially since the exchange is one-way and heavily influenced by ccp . 
  keep in mind though that i 'm not a specialist in this field , this is more like a hobby . 
  if you mean us ( xix ) , we started to rot long before the alloys removal . 
  the actual removal was even after our eviction . 
  they rebalanced it , yes , sometime before they decided to remove it . 
  yeah i remember that , it was at his last fanfest or something . 
  it 's weird because several years in a row before that he usually talked about small deflation which was actually reflected in the graphs , and i personally do n't see inflation in them right now . 
  of course they have more and finer data so maybe it did turn into small inflation . 
  or maybe it was a seasonal thing at the time of his talk . 
  economy updates are too rare these days to say :(, 
  regardless of this people blaming inflation for plex or ship prices should really look elsewhere . 
  thank you , / u/putininwork , that 's a real good advice . 
  so let 's help him by spewing the hate everywhere so no one can remain oblivious to his existence . 
  i wish there was a reddit-wide filter for kardashians . 
  it 's actually impossible unless they specifically patched the call via whatever means of communication with the host ship he was using ( if any ) . 
  it is very difficult to have radio comms through a lot of water . 
  i bought one of each and put them into the container with ccp gifts , 
  it 's not like a part of his country was devoured by large and more powerful neighbor . 
  and now that neighbor makes its own demands of that country .
