  so day before yesterday we had a cta , and after deploying subcaps to the system we 've used a carrier to rf a tcu . 
  like ... 
  what ?? 
  yeah , it wo n't get alpha 'd ( probably ) and wo n't get jammed in triage , but fuck , we have 150 dudes in the system on the low-entry gate . 
  surely we can hold it for ten fucking minutes instead of making everyone wait for 50 . 
  i sat like this - / o \\ - for 5 minutes and then alttabed into path of exile . 
  fun times !, 
  e : i 'm actually so mad at them i want entosis completely removed from caps now . 
  just to fuck with their nullbear brains . 
  this is suspiciously close to the actions and butthurt ts of x.i.x last night . 
  using caps for entosis , comparing it to mining etc. 
  dear dbg , thank you for making me log off yesterday after being killed by overshield 3 times in 5 minute session . 
   all you can do is take cover anyways, 
  you could n't do that before . 
  that 's what they meant by dodging . 
  there are more fun income activities besides anom ratting . 
  i really want them to improve character turn rate at early levels . 
  characters feel so clumsy at the beginning and it 's very offputting to new players who do n't know to counter that with move/attack speed . 
  they made me do it by not fixing their game . 
  i want to play , but if they repeatedly tell me `` your class/playstyle is not allowed here '' then fuck it . 
  wow , mr. serious internet business . 
  i clicked the button . 
  i did it because the game is shitty . 
  was that sufficiently clear for you ? 
  somebody get this guy the damn gold medal !, 
  case closed , you did it , the only thing left to do is to remove all other classes . 
   fractures, 
  are you high or something ? 
  jesus , can you people stop trying to blame one or the other and acknowledge that they 're both retarded ? 
  because by arguing you 're making yourselves look retarded . 
  your fozzie-hurt is showing . 
  yeah , from what i see no * real * fighting or conflict is happening . 
  i have a tempest character in a4 normal but a friend asked me to play warbands with him and now i 'm too scared of a4 bosses to continue hc  no time too . 
  tldr : space-lawyers win again ? 
  that 's what i meant too . 
  and it 's not just cfc , people in general have become too risk averse and there 's too little benefit to war . 
  this ca n't be fixed just by sov , the mentality needs to change and imo new sov encourages that . 
  at least it seems to bring some new smaller groups . 
   oh come on , if you get that glitch then just relog . 
  this stopped being funny back in 2014 . 
  esf can not sit behind a corner . 
  mine just used to go through the slit under it . 
  more like do n't give it to any animal . 
  do you have that image of the merged wraeclast map in the last scene ( ziggyd gaming guides ) ? 
  yeah , thanks , it 's so cool !, 
  edit : lol , [ lake constance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_constance ) , i wonder whether that 's a reference and why it 's there , 
  actually what does work with blood rage ? 
  does manaleech work ? 
   crazy, 
  adhd is real . 
  filthy skyknight bailassault farming poor noobies !, 
  i understand reflect works poorly with new leech and can be very unexpected but now you 've basically removed it . 
  removing complexity and depth is sad :(, 
   most of the complaining is coming from groups who had no content before fozziesov or in bls case farmed their content to death . 
  or blued up their content just before release because * muh precious sov * . 
  ( referring to my alliance ), 
  playing around stuff is fun, 
  nerfed by lockstep though . 
   of course many pilots are n't , we 're talking about `` skyknights '', 
  so let 's start with a definition and a list shall we ? 
  i never had pilots ragetelling me . 
  not for proper a2a , g2a locks or flak . 
  plenty of ragetells from a2g though . 
  because a lot of a2a fighting comes down to dueling ? 
   i do n't care what the pilot thinks , if it 's a stationary target , i do n't care how far away it is , i 'm shooting at it . 
  which is why flak range is broken . 
  i 'm not blaming you . 
  1v1s at flight ceiling should not be interrupted from 1km away . 
  in case you 're not aware , the maximum infantry render distance is 300m in this game . 
  for vehicles it is 1km . 
  scythe can not hit you from render range , nor from half render range . 
  the bug that broke render distances has been fixed pretty long ago . 
  and apparently is an excuse for broken weapons . 
  the more you know . 
  wo n't you be a little frustrated when your hard and nerve racking fight gets decided by some irrelevant dude hundreds of meters away who just looks your way and pushes a button ? 
  it 's almost as if the range of the weapon is overtuned . 
  thanks , higby !, 
  remember that `` reducing lethality across the board '' ? 
  yeah , me neither :\\, 
   tanks can kill infantry, 
  not really , not efficiently . 
   5g connection, 
  if you actually knew what you 're talking about , you 'd know that you do n't play anything hardcore on any wireless connection . 
  mine is 75 with ping and 90-100 in game ( higher than 105 for me means server lag ) . 
  he 'd have more credibility if he would n't use 1.5 y/o coalition map . 
  [ current one ] ( http://go-dl1.eve-files.com/media/corp/coalitionsov/coalitioninfluence.png ) is quite different . 
  and as it is with all rants , there 's the truth part and there 's the overblown bullshit part to it . 
  yes , people are risk averse , but everyone is taught `` do n't fly what you ca n't afford to lose '' since beginning and for good reason . 
  he was basically donated isk that boosted him to bittervet level with multiple characters able to fly anything and then he talks about other people having `` infinite '' money ( which nobody has ) which for some reason they do n't want to just throw away . 
  all i can say to that is `` lol '' . 
  the game needs better conflict drivers and more fun warfare , but by its and human nature there always will be a lot of risk aversion and tendency to group up . 
  edit : nice silent downvotes lol . 
  like it or not he did get donated enough to get couple of characters to ~ ~ fc ~ ~ welp fleets with . 
   this game currently and in the recent past has had zero, 
  that 's the thing , what 's changed in the last 2 years that sov war has suddenly died ? 
  i have a feeling that b-r5 , as amazing as that was , scared blocs from fighting each other . 
  i would n't blame pl for instance for being risk averse after that . 
  ... in the game called infantryside 2 . 
  should n't be a problem for eve players . 
  i 've never used a remap ( too much of a hassle ) and always fly with 2 +3 / +2 implants .
