  do you realize that you 've just fucked yourself in regards to streaming one of the major gaming titles ( gta ) ? 
  edit : like what the fuck is this ? 
  flares still do n't work sometimes . 
  been hit by a g2a lockon 3 seconds after flaring . 
  you know , every time people say this i 'm thinking : should n't everyone highlight whatever they want ? 
  it 's a game where people have fun after all . 
  so make your own video . 
  this is very familiar from eve online : people pointing fingers and saying - propaganda !, 
  instead of writing their own political articles or whatever . 
   in russia the law is more like a set of guidelines . 
  as a russian : it 's not a good thing . 
  i * hate * it and i mean it . 
  for science , you know . 
  i can understand disabling location history but search history ? 
  that 's some special paranoia . 
  it saved me hours that i 'd have to spend looking for stuff that i have previously found . 
  also disabling it probably does nothing anyway except not showing it to you . 
  i have a fucked up sleep schedule % ), 
  that 's pretty nsfl . 
  it was n't a reactor at all , it was a storage container with failed cooling system . 
  if someone did n't get it this is a troll post . 
   and game is done , gratz , no reason to play anymore, 
  you can buy new builds in poe ? 
   ggg deletes all concerns and complaints, 
  now you went straight delusional . 
  i played self-found and it was good fun . 
  so many people here are mad about the natural process of market working itself out . 
  i enjoyed the read and i 'm glad for your success , 
  i thought it was intentional because armor rarely gets that far up . 
   lockdown 200m out . 
  he 'll just have to run, 
  he 'll just have to not miss . 
  as is said i think it 's intentional . 
  not giving twitch any money . 
  this is a pretty helpful document and it has costs section too . 
  i honestly do n't understand how this has so many upvotes . 
  mediocre `` ideas '' with nurf a2g now . 
  i guess * peasants * like it . 
   russian sphere of influence - which is nothing but decay , stagnation , corruption , and misery, 
  well put . 
  ( i 'm russian ), 
   i 'm honestly impressed that he 's letting people pull the isk out . 
  this . 
  after all these shitstorms i would 've probably said `` fuck you all , i 'm done '' , and tried to cash out some time later using more ... widespread ways . 
  light theme ? 
  i was using it . 
  especially since in every cell phone 's manual there 's a line about it not being a suitable emergency call device . 
  this was just asking for aa vanguard imo . 
  i agree , after infantry-to-vehicle ttk nerf . 
  comments = git gud . 
  but seriously i can easily and differentiate between different factions ' noseguns and somewhat even between their types ( esp . 
  antares/locust/nc one , vortek sound is like an alarm too ) . 
  i estimate that i can clearly tell them from at least 500m . 
  same is true for engine sounds with more difficulty in telling which faction 's sound it is at long ranges . 
  practice , practice , practice as usual , and listen closely while at it too . 
   it was yanked almost immediately and replaced with a notice explaining it was a draft article by an independent author -- something the firm 's founder eugene kaspersky reiterated . 
  do you people even read ? 
  mine too was deleted . 
  sure we had only 10 people but come on ... 
   not-shit grenades, 
  planes in general started lading a bit differently . 
  it 's kinda like they land on sharp pins now instead on round wheels . 
  causes them to really want to flip on inclined surfaces and even on ammo-pads . 
  bugs . 
  all of those sites work for me , at least their front pages do . 
  they load fine too . 
  opera 12.14 /, 
  actually , the only site from the top of my head that just * does n't work * in opera 12 is new google sheets . 
  there are some weird hitches here and there ( i.e. 
  on twitch viewer count tooltip ( and only that one ) makes the whole browser slow as hell for several seconds ) but not enough for me personally to switch . 
  that was painful to watch . 
  i often nearly ragequit after being killed just with lockons . 
   farming esfs, 
  dem needler farms, 
  i always wonder how much of an effect do those 3 pixels have ? 
  like i see a lot of people angry about this so it must be a problem but i 'm still not sure how much of a difference news scopes will make . 
  i personally never notice this deviation . 
  point and click weapons dealing 40 % of target 's total hp in a single volley are not fine on several levels , just saying . 
  a ) boring & stupid, 
  b ) op ( possibly because flares are up but there 's still ( a ) ), 
  c ) i 'm sure you can think of more, 
  can you say anything to the point though ? 
  is r/conspiracy leaking or something ? 
  i want to shoot people , not to use transport . 
  yep , in 2009 i booked like 2.5 months in advance and barely managed to take place of some guy who did n't show up . 
  jump into 2k + local . 
  experience tidi and soul-crushing lag . 
  link pls, 
  e : nvm , that was easy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmq4f4gsg5e, 
  the amount of peasantry tears in this thread is staggering . 
  maxed dogfighting frame, 
  high sensitivity, 
  which is water solution of ammonia . 
  which is just ammonia as gas . 
  someone wanted to use some fancy words and failed . 
  everyone should have 16gb ram and disabled swap file anyway . 
  why the fuck is this downvoted ? 
  the amount of butthurt , poisonous sarcasm and downvoting over simple high-skill practice session . 
  makes you wonder who 's really the elitist here . 
  if this is a joke i 'm sorry but it 's rather clueless .
