  people raging about a video that says literally * nothing * on the topic . 
  how unusual of you , / r/diablo, 
  what stats ( specifically aps breakpoint ) did you have for a complete stunlock ? 
  afaik you need to have insane aps ( 3.03 + ) and good ping to the server to stunlock ubers . 
  otherwise they can unfreeze for small amounts of time because of diminishing returns on cc . 
  is it me , or leoric 's whirlwind attack hurts much less now ? 
  more dmg , more aspd , more movement speed with each elite mob killed . 
  maybe the effect is capped , i dont know . 
  i dont know why people think dh is bad . 
  my friend has 150k unbuffed dps dh , he clears mp8-9 pretty fast , mp10 possible , and also rarely dies . 
  [ this ] ( http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/profile/vermilion-2668/hero/18040910 ) is his char . 
  well , if * you * say so ... obviously i must be an evil liar . 
  and no , not 10 mins per elite . 
  more like 1.5-2 ( which is still long but ok ) . 
  that 's a fair point , and expected too . 
  i 'm not sure though which one is more expensive for effective mp8 + farm : wizard or dh . 
  you need insane gear for endgame cm , or crazy dps for high mp archon . 
   effective mp8 + farm, 
  edit : i guess i meant ` efficient ' . 
  oh well there 's still room for improvement with my english . 
  victory victory, 
  or something like that :d, 
   rarely dies, 
   40something times per second, 
  40 times per 6 seconds ( duration of effect ), 
  if you 're going to take trains to other cities every day - swiss pass is definitely worthwhile . 
  do n't know how it competes with a car though . 
   hey lylirra : what are the reasons we should trust you ? 
  i 'm sure they 're begging for you to trust them . 
  so what exactly do they need to do ? 
  sacrifice jay wilson and swear on his blood ? 
  then everyone will believe everything they say ? 
  yeah , wanted to comment on all the lying accusations here , but not even gon na bother doing that . 
  no point , everyone just want circlejerk . 
  you have great fantasy , that 's for sure . 
  meteor fits nicely into cm build , especially after buffs . 
  you probably didnt play for sometime . 
  i 'm curious what would they say about that cm wizard hurts your hands and may lead to an injury ? 
  yay free moneys !, 
  wtf, 
  apparently keeping game logic and ah logic separate and on different servers is garbage architecture in your books . 
  well , looks like common sense to me . 
  you should n't design distributed high load systems , just saying . 
  it 's not that simple, 
  also , think about what goes into comparison function . 
  also very good for new plans if you want them selffound . 
  cydea -  raka that is . 
  i bought one just because . 
  not really plan on crafting , but that 's because i 'll buy a tal 's chest for cm build . 
  load the location on sc , kill a couple of elites , load all skills . 
  have to do this before every hc session . 
  i really hate the fact that d3 has a hidden ssd/ramdisk requirement :(, 
  it 's not even bandwidth , it 's more access time problem . 
  can we stop with this bullshit ? 
  you probably have different locale files ( like engb , enus etc ) , my mpqs are 12gb . 
  i removed my ruru and dede files since i do n't use them . 
  you also need to remove locales from . agent.db file ( json format ) in appdata/battle . net and d3 folders , otherwise it will re-download them . 
  also there 's like 100mb difference between d3 and mpq folders , so you probably have some temporary files taking space there . 
  if you ca n't be constructive , maybe try posting in a place where you can be ? 
  i used mindblast on baal runs , why is this bad ? 
  170 buffed , mp2 . 
  mp1 is easier , dont know about efficiency after the patch , but it 's too boring anyway . 
   especially in heavy combat, 
  if you 're talking about lagging when thousands body - and environment parts fly in all directions - that 's just physics engine cracking under pressure . 
  my friends who have high-end computers also have this , when we kill like 40 monster simultaneously also destroying a whole room of furniture . 
  because fun . 
  after 700 + h on a wizard i finally got my hands on dh and i love it so much . 
  fucking vault and multishot !, 
  anyone who tried kite-wizard and wanted that play style will understand how much i enjoy it . 
  also i , like other people , have personal achievements to do : 250 + k dps cm wizard and plvl 79 ( because it 's halfway xp-wise ) . 
  as i said in previous dh thread [ my friend ] ( http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/profile/vermilion-2668/hero/18040910 ) does mp10 . 
  he can kill goblins , he kills elites in couple of minutes time . 
  he rarely dies . 
  of course he 's not cruising through with 10s/elite or something , but guess what , you need to dump insane gold in any class to do that . 
  i would say that dh is hardest to control and has some problems with resource but it 's not a road block like with wd . 
  downvote away because in my previous post people said i lie , oh well , ca n't convince you . 
  first page for those who do n't want to download 8mb pdf : http://i.imgur.com/oj7utvz.png, 
  slow time or mitigation . 
  slow time not only slows projectiles , but also separates the hits in time allowing you to regain hp with loh . 
  for instance , 3 uber-maghda 's swarms are a guaranteed death for me . 
  in a bubble i can tank them by moving different ways just a small bit . 
  this picture brings a smile to my face for some reason :d, 
  comments there though are just ... wow . 
  foreach ( ship_equipment_cargo ), 
  if ( fitted_rig ) continue ;, 
  if ( integer_rand ( 0,1 ) ) drop ;, 
  else continue ;, 
  seems right . 
  yes . 
  depends on the build . 
  for instance with requirements of cm wizard achieving ehp and dps to farm mp10 costs a lot . 
  you need somewhere about 250 + k dps to do mp10 with ok speed . 
  try to achieve that with cm gear that also requires 2.74 + aps and 50 + % cc . 
  because you bought your first item on ah and now it 's too good to find an upgrade in next 3hrs of playtime ? 
  what a surprise . 
  play self found from the start , it will surprise you . 
  for farming , join a3 last quest or any a3 public on your preferred mp . 
  for pvp , join a1 last quest mp0 . 
  for trading , i prefer ah . 
  did you try it to say that ?
