  well , i guess enjoy while it lasts . 
  dying to stupidity will get stale though . 
   you are providing constant input that was not asked for . 
  well , too bad you posted on public forum for everyone to see . 
  they do n't affect dorito markers though and that 's what matters . 
  [ we are happy to announce that battleye will shortly be introduced in the popular mmo planetside 2 ] ( https://www.battleye.com/2016/05/17/battleye-coming-to-planetside-2-and-the-isle/ ), 
  three months later ... 
  still waiting . 
  seriously , could they just do * something * about master leveling ? 
  so many ideas were presented , just pick one . 
  lol who are you, 
  a 3rd party anticheat they already use in h1z1 . 
  -- experimental-frame-optimizations ? 
  i for one dislike this current gigantomania trend in eve design . 
  lockstep never felt bad with 70 ms but 30 feels so much better !, 
  you usually die while picking a loadout to spawn . 
  the client connects to a server hosted by http://www.colocat.ru . 
  yeah , seems to be that way unfortunately . 
  there should never be a moment in any game where you want to watch netflix while playing on autopilot . 
  and they 're talking about this like it 's a good thing . 
  this actually made me stop wanting to support the game . 
  this direction is at least partly wrong . 
   able hit from range, 
  which one is it ? 
  eq was melee ? 
  i though it was a delayed ice nova cast by extra large staff/wand/sceptre . 
  does the whole game consist of just the uber ? 
  it 's been used lately as excuse for everything op in the game . 
  there 's other content too , you know . 
  content that more than 0.1 % of players get to do . 
  grr change hat change, 
  even if you hit harder you still ca n't do better than move to pack + oneshot . 
  whereas ranged can just oneshot , and not just a pack but several screens of mobs . 
  that 's why imo melee problem right now is a part of a bigger clear speed meta problem . 
  the only way you can bring melee skills up to ranged levels is by also making them * de facto * ranged , see eq/reave . 
  this is what u / jovialisk is talking about . 
  i do . 
  `` hey , that 's a blob of battleships landing , they have those battleship-y icons . '', 
  `` hey , that 's a dictor/t2 dessie closing , got ta keep an eye on it . '', 
  each option adds development and maintenance costs . 
  some add more than others . 
  and they tend to multiply when added uncontrollably . 
  ccp , if you 're reading this , i suggest that neocom buttons should stay monochrome but different shapes can be worked on , e.g. 
  map/market , inventory/assets ( my personal pain ) . 
  glad to see i was n't the only one triggered by that tv thing . 
  i hope they 'll get the message . 
  exactly , there is some challenge in the game , i just do n't have time to grind to reach it . 
   it 's a melee skill . 
  you still get in a monster/bosses face with it, 
  is shock nova a melee skill too ? 
  ( or more or less any spell ) it works exactly the same way mechanically , only without delay . 
   this allows you to move out of range of all the one-shot bs ggg loves to put on everything before the second hit goes off . 
  ahh i see . 
  `` everything that forces me to pay attention to the game is bs . '', 
  do n't forget to turn on the tv , the way ggg wants us to play these days . 
   it 's not actual range like bows have . 
  they can kill everything from 2 screens away . 
  and it 's fucking bullshit . 
  a lot of current perceived problems stem from trying to shoehorn everything into bullshit meta . 
   you might not like it but a lot of people like playing poe while watching some show or movie ( me included ) , some would play it a lot less if this wasnt the case . 
  thanks for ruining our game i guess . 
   also the stuff he said about uber atziri that she was easy ? 
  maybe 500-1000 players complete it even in leagues ? 
  you make a specific build and semi-oneshot her . 
  it 's just not many people feel rewarded by this to make the build . 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm currently shopping for an ac ( split system ) and majority of them have heating function , and i mean heat-pump heating function ( judging by that they give more heating power then electrical power they consume ) . 
  i 'm in russia but they 're all made in china anyway so i do n't think this matters . 
  about $ 500 . 
  try harder . 
  which brings us , again , to the point . 
  it 's either `` melee '' or `` de facto ranged '' . 
  you either keep melee `` melee '' , or you turn it into spell copycat ( see lightning strike , reave , eq ) . 
  i personally do n't see a way to solve this , and if you want to be `` melee '' that works as ranged/aoe `` spell '' instead of being actual melee - why not save the trouble and just use a real spell ? 
  and leave real melee to ( admittedly , few ) players that * want * the experience/challenge ? 
  top argument . 
  good . 
  why do n't you go and design a unique that levels you to t15 maps while you make a coffee ? 
  top end content should not be trivializable in any way , yes . 
   thanks for ruining our community . 
  seriously toxic players who try and pit one part of the community against another are the absolute worst for any game . 
  i 'm not trying to to toxic or anything . 
  i 'm just saying that with this recent interview the game seemingly approaches ruined state for me . 
  in part thanks to the new wave of players that want an easier game . 
  i 'm not trying to blame them personally but they are inseparable from the issue . 
  i apologize if my previous comment was too harsh , it 's a bit emotional . 
  i 'm not talking about the notes but rather the notion of watching tv instead of being engaged by the game . 
  this is not the kind of game i want to play . 
  the notes are kinda interesting but they do n't overcome the fact that this interview feels like a turning point , where devs are n't afraid to say that their goals are n't what older part of the community has in mind . 
  i kinda ca n't believe he said that . 
  feels like betrayal . 
  why wo n't you use a spell then ? 
  you 'll end up with a similar experience , different damage nodes on the tree and somewhat different items . 
  why make all this `` buff melee '' noise ? 
  so basically we need a melee mtx . 
  i used to agree with design of the game . 
  i used to love the difficulty . 
  now it 's all about appealing to the `` new wave '' of players . 
  the game was advertised as super hardcore at the time . 
  death was waiting at every corner .
