   main point of ha overshield, 
  yes , main point of being op is a bad one . 
   taking away motion spotters because you ca n't flank ? 
  imagine that . 
  when all you class does is flank - you remove either the class or the motion spotter ( or nerf it ) . 
   if they did n't see how broken they are in a somewhat competitive fps ( they 'd be totally fine for mmorpg or rts though ) back in the design stage , they wo n't ever see it . 
  they did want to nerf them ... like a 1.5 years ago ? 
  guess what , there 's too much money in all the ha players . 
  so basically useless on la. 
   las and infiltrators both need to play under the assumption that they are always visible and their position is always known . 
  even without sensor shield you should be getting into good flanking positions and torching people , unless you 're in zergball fights where those opportunities just are n't present . 
  what is the point of flanking if you assume that enemy knows your every move and stares right in your face when you act on your flank ? 
  what is the point of a flanking class in a game where everyone can see through walls ? 
  everything is balanced if your glasses are pink enough . 
   the game is heavyside because ha is the grunt class and everyone else is utility/support by design . 
  * but heavy is * *** supposed *** * to be op !, 
  heard it like a million times already . 
  you have a game about killing stuff . 
  one class has a 50 % advantage in killing stuff . 
  one class is 50 % better at the primary game activity . 
  balance , how does it work ?!, 
   the utility of spotters is in helping to id targets in chaos , esp . 
  at a smaller player count , as at smaller scales you generally already have looks/angles - removal of spotters helps zerglings more than it hurts them . 
  that 's what recon darts can do perfectly . 
  motion spotter is a borderline wall vision . 
  i realized i 've never compared performance of weapons cross class . 
  [ what i found out ] ( http://ps2oraclestats.com/?stat=br100kpu&amp;weapon1=79&amp;weapon2=43&amp;weapon3=14 ) will totally shock you !, 
  does it work when you 're flying ? 
  recon darts exist . 
  they are balanced . 
   and of course you completely ignored that i said `` it 's okay if the overshield is nerfed . '', 
  just `` ha overshield 's main point '' can trigger me a bit . 
   if you ca n't take the time to crouch down and flank, 
  i am a fucking light assault with jetpacks . 
  i do n't flank by crawling because that not how the class is designed . 
   honestly , your argument comes down to `` well recon is too powerful . '', 
  i 've never seen a spot where i ca n't get to a motion spotter and strike it down or its operator, 
  you were given concrete example : a point room with scatmaxes , has and medics . 
  there 's no way you get rid of a spotter there without spending resources . 
   and the people around it are also usually not attentive enough to make good use of its information . 
  so we 're relying on people being bad now in balancing ? 
  i guess that was before my time . 
  out of curiosity , do you have a patchnote ? 
  wiki does n't , unfortunately . 
  i am complaining about wall vision . 
  emp cost resources and are on a class that i might not want to use at the moment . 
  frag grenades are shit and good luck removing a motion spotter with one in a more than single storey building . 
  you need to spend a couple of minutes just looking for that small turd . 
   you seriously ca n't crouch down for fifteen meters and then continue flying ? 
  i seriously use flying to approach an enemy position from an unexpected angle because that 's just how you do it . 
  that is , unexpected as long as they do n't have a spotter . 
  do you even play la/play in  24 fights ? 
  crouching is just a sure way to get rekt . 
   simple - not at a 1v1 level . 
  another hilarious comment . 
  that 's exactly how balance works . 
  because when you deconstruct the gameplay to it 's basic parts , everything is decided by 1v1 balance . 
   people think every game that have classes needs to have perfect class parity - they do n't . 
  heavyside , what a fun game . 
  [ would you look at that ] ( http://gfycat.com/seriousterribledolphin ) , all that mobility and flanking sure helped me against a motion spotter and that 50 % more * skill * against a guy who has worse stats than me . 
  but surely i 'm just bad , and the game is perfectly balanced . 
   if you want , i can upload some clips tomorrow of me going around destroying motion spotters , because it 's honestly not that hard at all . 
  please do . 
  never was there . 
  hence shit balance . 
  at least for an fps . 
  they 're maximizing profits by recycling a good , non-race bound , gun for the most used class in the game . 
  because , you know , classes . 
   if your faction earns the required number of victory points , then the continent is yours !, 
  is it me , or did they forget to include the actual number in the notes ? 
  6w release cycle was/is pretty agile . 
  some bad programming . 
  as a programmer , it really is . 
  the way that minor changes introduce far reaching bugs tells of code smell and bad designs . 
  they way they constantly go into production tells of bad qa ( not that we do n't know about that ) . 
  there also were guesses about bad version control and/or build process since stuff regularly goes into production when it 's not supposed to . 
   you should know that you can have fantastic code , change a single line , and fuck up the whole thing . 
  that 's entirely dependent on your design . 
  unless you 're writing #define true false or something like that . 
  bugs happen and everyone has to do hotfixes . 
  what 's different is that companies like blizzard or ccp do n't introduce core issues like random crashes and hitching when changing something basic like tweaking weapons stats or facility bonuses or changing a continent lock condition . 
   too many people not realizing the fact that a game the scale of planetside 2 will break by merely blowing on it . 
  next tuesday eve online deploys the full skill , attribute and effect system rewrite , basically changing how * every value in the game * is calculated and stored . 
  check out / r/eve to see how it goes then . 
  but i doubt there will be major breakage . 
  and that game is more complex , older , and has more legacy code than this one . 
  and it 's written in fucking python ( that seemed like a good idea in ~ 1999 ) . 
  ` the issue ' does n't exist . 
   kill report timestamps are now recorded with precision up to the second instead of to the minute . 
  the future ... is here . 
  they became less visible which is bad . 
  like the usual tracers overlapped with some dark shade of gray tracers . 
  looks really weird too . 
  do you call everyone you meet irl a shitter too ? 
  what a pleasant person . 
  i do n't actually mind the leveling ( except vorici 's missions ) but another thing is that only yesterday , in standard , i met my * first ever * zana . 
  high level characters that i have are 75 and 82 . 
  i play casually and still i think that that 's * too * rare . 
  i have no hope of ever finding her in a challenge league and i was starting to doubt whether i 'd do so even in standard . 
  i think it stops the next time you 're locked one .
