  you know ... maybe ... to warp ? 
  as with any science fiction there are boundaries and unexplained rules . 
  this is one of the better attempts at tying loose ends . 
  unlike , for instance , star wars ( the force = magic ; not that i do n't like that universe ) . 
  also known as 07fffffffh, 
  the dimming signifies a modal dialog . 
  modal dialog does n't let you focus outside it anyways . 
  i like it ( the effect , not the abundance of modal dialogs in eve ) . 
  ** the dimming is a graphical effect , the dialogs were always modal , nothing has changed . 
  so i guess it 's not just me . 
  every time i play , and i mean * every time * , i 'm fucking furious . 
  zergs , lags , bugs , lockons , maxes . 
  yet when i 'm offline it does n't seem too bad . 
  favorite : pvp , large scale pvp or small scale with a group of friends . 
  hate : multiple-hour-long formups . 
  dislike : farming forsaken hubs ad nauseam . 
  blitzing missions or exploration is much more enjoyable income source . 
  this is correct . 
  6mo sub is still 1899 too . 
  very nice on ccp 's part . 
   if you buy from legion of xxdeathxx or other fellow countrymates, 
  are you implying rmt or am i just not getting it ? 
  well this palce reads just like eve-ru . com now . 
  logged into imgur specifically to downvote all the spreadshit sim bullshit . 
  / r/infantryside ----- , 
  everyone is saying i should flank as la. 
  well , no shit sherlock !, 
  except 50 % of the time the ha will put the shield on , turn around and mow me down . 
  press f to win . 
   heavy assaults , in general , feature relatively low firepower, 
  and then they kill you . 
  nah it 's pretty much the same , except the fight with ha lasts like a third of the time of a tank vs vanguard fight . 
  is the update this week ? 
  it 's weird how last two are different from first two . 
  but seems fine anyway . 
  i only had latency issues ( not server overload issues ) one time and fixed them by rebooting the router . 
  usual ingame latency : 90-110ms . 
   but this seems to suggest that i 'd actually be better off playing on my bt line using wifi ... 
  occasional packet losses and ping jitter are fare more detrimental than 10ms overall latency difference . 
  based on previous experience mainly in freelancer ( space shooter ) i 'd take 100ms more latency over 4 % packet loss . 
  the reason for the difference is in your traces : they go through different backbones . 
  the connection between your first provider and equinix.net is faster/shorter/less loaded then that between the second one and level3 . 
  erebus is the penis one bro . 
  avatar is the `` startled mushroom '' . 
  it still felt good to pilot one though , 
  why the fuck ? 
  at least contract that shit to a random in local . 
  i regularly see armor columns being pushed back and eventually destroyed by pure max/infantry . 
  where 's that `` reducing lethality across the board , including av lethality , '' soe ? 
  i bet you hope we 've forgotten about that thing you said when you nerfed everything except ap . 
  guess why it 's better than ' 98 ? 
  oil prices . 
  guess why we 're plunging back ? 
  oil prices . 
  we probably have resources stockpiled but it still is going to suck hard . 
  i also hate the uncertainty . 
   putin has 90 % approval rating . 
  that 's a local joke for `` it 's what he says it is '' . 
   people would start using liberators to farm more . 
  that 's a good one . 
  i also live in central russia and i say you ( or your buddy ) just made that up . 
  as a russian , the only thing i 'm truly sad about is my summer vacation :(, 
  but in general the leadership and the larger nationalistic brainwashed part of the population deserved this `` slap in the face '' . 
  forming up to defend a system in your space is sad ? 
  solar did 2 attempts at bwf , the last one was more than a week ago . 
  now we deal with some of those drone region timers , e.g. 
  right now there 's a cta . 
  i 'm going to bed though , fuck these early am timers . 
  thanks , dominion sov , i guess . 
   pfr is an indication of how inept and derelict xxdeath has become . 
  welcome to 2011 ( or whatever was the year ) . 
  that was n't a friend . 
  as long as it 's  1 , no . 
  if it 's < 1 it usually means that the session is shitty and unfun and i should do something else or play something else . 
   i do n't think the game uses all of the cores well because soe dun goofed . 
  no game uses even 4 cores to the fullest ( if there is one , prove me wrong ) . 
  it 's just not that parallelizable , in principle , each step of simulation depends on the result of the previous one . 
  the only cpu parallelization you can do is offload auxiliary tasks like sound . 
  and really parallelizable things ( rendering ) are done by gpu anyway . 
  seems like [ misleading title ] but bookmarked for later . 
  it 's ananas , what the fuck is an apple ? 
   obviously hypotheticals are useless here but i 'd bet a pretty penny that had pfr been able to field equal numbers of caps, 
  what caps ? 
  5 or whatever structure grinding dreads ? 
  as far as actual fight go there were no caps . 
  well , it 's a huge problem among the natives of yakutia , chukotka , etc and afaik they really are very susceptible to alcoholism . 
  that said this program is a really fucking retarded piece of shit . 
  for instance this explanation of circumcision on prime channel in the midday timeslot : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo-awe3wsdi, 
  make it special too , i.e. 
  not like any other bracket . 
   and then i dumped a few thousand certs into a fury and realized that the fury did the job of the new ppa better and was a more flexible weapon to boot . 
  fury is better than marauder too and in can do some damage to armor . 
  eve : totalhelldeath, 
  aka, 
  eve : at-fucking-last, 
   the russians are taking the drone regions from xxdeathxx but this is not really news, 
  `` russians ! '', 
  we ( xix ) are russians , solar are russians , total absolution , red alliance , dream fleet , gorgon empire are all russians . 
  call us by our fucking name , not our nationality/spoken language . 
  back to chill now , seriously though i 'm fucking tired of me , my alliance , and tens of other completely different alliances being generalized as a russian blob .
