  goddamn , if i will hear this one more time i think i 'm gon na literally explode with laughter . 
  somewhere in the pl alliance accounting spreadsheets there must be a whole page titled `` hero tears '' . 
   well it was n't intended, 
  that 's why people are giving them shit . 
  another soe fail . 
  most cablecars/funiculars are discounted by 50/25 % , 
  afaik the clone isk sink was a minor one . 
  heh ... about that risk aversion . 
  my kind of pvp for some reasons ( and in many games too , although it 's most prominent in eve ) is trying to * save * myself in a tight spot . 
  like getting that slow-ass drake though before the gate camp was established , or even jumping out a titan with a sabre burning at you :d, 
  it 's not the kills but the thrill of surviving that mostly gets me going . 
  the only downside is that i never solo and pretty rarely do small-gang pvp . 
  i always want to but end up thinking `` naaah let 's do this another time '' :(, 
  please , more irrelevant comparisons between a2g noseguns and a2a lockons . 
  also , pull a fucking burster max . 
  no , not a stock one , you idiot . 
  also , / r/infantryside, 
  also , nobody complains about getting shot with a2am while doing a2g , this is expected , and it is expected to lose any fight with any a2a config . 
  what everybody complains about is a2am ruining a2a fights , oneshotting you while in ganksquads . 
  also those same ganksquads pave the road for * their * a2g esfs to start the farm . 
  your shitty opinion just shows how many clues ( none ) you have . 
   but what about a squad of ai esfs as we see these days ? 
  you 'll need more then 2 or 3 bursters to stop that . 
  is that not logical ? 
   then they complain when some other pilot uses easy a2a weapon like coyotes or tomcats to take them down . 
  no one complains about this . 
  you * expect * to die in * any * encounter with any a2a esf while in a2g config , it does n't matter if they use lockons . 
   if you encounter a ap lighting ( g2g ) while you are using skyguard ( g2a ) you are pretty much screwed up , so why it should be any different on air ? 
  god , if only there was a tank/infantry lockon weapon that can not be dodged , with bad/gimping counters and that passed through obstacles . 
  then you 'd understand . 
  it also would be fixed instantly because soe actually listens to non-air complaints . 
  this is also true , far more often i will die to flak while doing a2g . 
   but i do n't think it 'd really be worth it, 
  it is . 
  report all harassing scum in starter systems , new player experience is very important . 
  i like eve map , it has great eve-is-real-galaxy feel to it . 
  if you want dotlan - open it on a second monitor , i often do . 
  my question was , if there are more than one a2g esf farming should you also have more than one player doing aa ? 
  what exactly does a newbie need that the map does n't provide ? 
  it shows route in the left corner , it shows connections between systems . 
  it also shows a ton of info if you look at the settings . 
  i used ingame map only until i moved to nullsec and at that point you 'll have a lot more 3rd party utilities . 
  a2g aircraft can not realisticly `` do other things '' except go eat same flak in some other place . 
  it can not even * switch loadouts * ( what a concept ~ ~ ~ ), 
  if you 're bad/caught off guard/bad , yes . 
  this is what it usually looks like : http://www.hitbox.tv/video/329355?t=43m50s, 
  he noticed me , started the engagement from a proper range and had the correct loadout . 
  nearly killed me . 
  if you 'll watch further a sudden appearance of the second aa max kills me with no chance in a similar run . 
   lock on are extremely easy to dodge by just flying low near terrain, 
   flares are effective counters ,, 
  yeah right , let 's cut through this bullshit and see your main pilot character . 
   it can equip an a2a weapon in its second slot . 
  well if you 're into * that * kind of shit ... 
   it can go to a different fight . 
  to face the same flak as in the other place . 
  or farm , you know , if they let you . 
  it is . 
  those were the days ... 
  that `` warp drive active '' label brings so much relief sometimes ... , 
  anyone else instantly reminded of freelancer by this ? 
  them days ... 
  the first few hacks i did i honestly thought `` why does n't this minesweeper-thingy show the number of adjacent ` mines ? ' '', 
  this . 
  as someone who got into the lore with this rhea madness : just what in the fuck is going on/will happen ? 
  eve online ... that 's pretty much it at the moment lol . 
  i played since 2009 with occasional breaks . 
  i guess it had and still has somewhat unintuitive ui that was initially ( 2003-2005 ) made by programmers ( not ui designers ) . 
  but i 'm a programmer too so i got it with no problems , 
  the game mechanics do have a learning curve but at core they 're actually pretty simple , only vast and with a lot of possible choices and variations . 
  i recommend you try it in a group of people . 
  chances are you 'll find * that * game that you 'll think about day and night , 
  do n't forget to add that it 's like this only if you choose to play like this . 
  / r/eve is turning into cancer . 
  i think i might throw up from all the shitposting + chestbeating + crying itt . 
  totally won by rags too . 
  4770k@4.5ghz - cpu bound in most fights . 
  tbh it 's not that surprising given the mmofps scale of things and the amount of stuff to process ( not talking about rendering here ) . 
  an interesting way to think about this is that that 's just * a lot * of hydrogen . 
  this + not everyone needs/wants to fly in 2k local clusterfucks or participate in sov . 
   remove all direct combat abilities , replace them with non-stacking force multipliers . 
  reading shit like this i 'm starting to kinda miss the fucking tracking titans . 
  bandwidth is also very limited . 
  the primary purpose of all the cameras is technical data . 
  great views are a nice bonus . 
  is that a job ? 
  wtf, 
  headshots on me drop me even faster because no win-button . 
  it 's an hp buffer either way , just like with vanguard . 
   ha are - the - anti-infantry class . 
  what is the la then ? 
  why does ha has all those av capabilities then ? 
  `` wow , that guy must be too poor to have flak armor . '', 
   ah requires close range, 
  nice myth you have there . 
   a competent banshee pilot just does n't give a f * about burster maxes . 
  9000m , it is known !, 
   instagib maxes at long range, 
  care to point out my incompetence in this clip ? 
  my approach angle was based on no aa present as it was before .
