  there were test videos of fights between players of similar ( high ) skill . 
  the conclusion is , lockons  coyotes ( as you 'd expect with a weapon with 40 % hp alpha strike ) . 
  nobody realistically talks about realism here . 
  everybody is just tired of a shit weapon . 
  while i very much appreciate this point on a2a lockons i want to ask a question : why do we need skill equalizers at all ? 
  do tanks have them ? 
  yes , air has higher skill requirements , but still why do we need to address that via negating somebody 's higher skill level ? 
  seems like buttmad peasants are already here . 
  i want a * `` skill equalizer '' * for tank gameplay . 
  flares literally do n't do anything against coyotes , you dumb fuck . 
  it has been said literally a thousand times . 
  i too want 25ms latency . 
  and pray my opponent does n't have 500ms . 
  so apparently we need coyotes for lightnings because right now it only makes sense to pull ap / s, 
  who said anything about 1v1 dogfights ? 
  you sure judge a lot , mr. nobody . 
  nobody said anything about a2g but mad peasants always bring it up for no reason . 
  what people are talking about here are skilless weapons driving fun out of the game . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ammonium_dichromate decomposition ( volcano ), 
  in vr . 
  it 's good to have a wingman . 
  i 'd suggest running hover frame first . 
  do n't bother with dogfighting ( frame ) , it 's pointless . 
  the rest is for you to decide , but the standard is firesup + repair , default nosegun , fuel pods . 
  while there 's a lot of sarcasm in this post it is actually a good way to learn hover mechanics and handling . 
  but be prepared to get rekt by anything airborne and , to a lesser extent , ground . 
  some people consider a2g not fun but i suggest trying it before making up your mind . 
  and reaver has the trait of powerful ab and acceleration . 
  yaw is n't fit for aiming except for fine tuning . 
  that 's why it 's on the keyboard . 
  roll and pitch do most of the work - they are on the mouse . 
  get used to it . 
  i just always felt really uneasy when walking with cars rushing towards me from behind . 
  til it 's an actual rule . 
  they stopped autoflagging it a while ago i think . 
   but on the ground you 're much more vulnerable . 
  in esf there 's nothing but the air around you for several hundred meters in all directions . 
  is this supposed to be safer ? 
  it bailing bothers you so much - shoot them after they bail . 
  when i bail from tanks in any terrain but a flat plain i survive more often than not . 
  i do n't bail from air because i ca n't be bothered but i do shoot down bailers regularly . 
  it 's fun to do it too . 
  so , i do n't know , this is my experience . 
  imo bail assaults became perfectly fine after they made vehicle kills count . 
  twitch or not , does n't he have a point ? 
  reminder : chromium is still shit . 
  so i guess more opera 12 for me until it breaks into unusable state . 
  ** teams . 
  i honestly believe it is until they can no longer milk the stream for money . 
  somebody here actually watches kripp in his current state ? 
  lol nice joke, 
  i personally want something that wo n't allow me to lose anchor in a fleet fight . 
  it 's way too easy to accidentally double click and fly off ( not into a ball of enemies if you 're lucky ) . 
  this forces me to be very conscious about every click i do which is kinda bad experience . 
  no sarcasm . 
  i do n't want to be afraid of accidentally clicking on like 70 % of my screen space . 
  this is not related to `` hardcore eve experience '' or something . 
  it 's basic user interface experience . 
  shitty , like those sites that make their whole background a huge ad link . 
  i too heard downvotes solve problems !, 
  station trading alt ... that i probably wo n't use . 
   2 ) esfs with hornets - why the hell these are capable of insta-gibbing infantry is beyond me . 
  the fact that they 're already powerful av and still capable of insta-gibbing infantry is ridiculously frustrating . 
  you need 2 almost direct hits for that . 
  because this is not ksp . 
  this . 
  lockdown is very boring and basically forces you to be a camper-sniper tank . 
  but i doubt that we will get a rework so at least make it usable without having to mash the button . 
   its because back then we didnt have tidi , which is a huge bandaid that `` he that will not be named '' ( ccp greyscale ) implemented . 
  ccp veritas aka genius with a haircut made the tidi as well as a lot of optimization work . 
  maybe you should n't talk shit about stuff you do n't know . 
  also as someone who witnessed a whole white noise fleet blackscreen and die back in lxq local record in 2010 - i will take tidi any day . 
  compared to that it was ** really fucking amazing ** to load grid in the recent i6-syn fight where the attackers had 4 full fleets w / drones and fighters at our in-gate . 
  i actually did n't believe i would load and i was totally prepared to die instantly and go to bed/reship . 
  instead of this , thanks to the tidi , we waited in the jump tunnel for ~ 1 minute and started fighting and could actually do shit as a fleet . 
  do n't talk shit about tidi . 
  it 's awesome compared to alternatives . 
  your butthurt is showing . 
  victims ' br in order of appearance : 62 100 88 100 89 37 52 30 90 100 29 100 33 71 100 44 6 31\u00a0100\u00a0100, 
  crazy fights at the beginning there . 
   why should it be buffed in any way ? 
  it would simply then outperform the other mbts even more than it already does . 
  i do n't see a purpose to that tbh . 
  because it 's boring , stupid and sucks to use . 
  pulling lightnings is much more fun ( and can be done anywhere ) . 
  this needs to be fixed because it kills server performance . 
  not because some retards die to a source of damage that takes several seconds to apply . 
  gj standing at one spot ? 
  sorry kinda forgot about this thread . 
  so they said that i ( as a russian ) could apply for the year + halbtax card with required photos , passport etc. 
  no online application , i must order it at a counter . 
  i would then receive a '' * transitory abonnement for two weeks * '' which '' * will subsitute the original card during two weeks and will offer you the same conditions * '' . 
  i would then buy a 1-month travelpass using the said abonement and the pair ( pass + abo or pass + card ) would be equivalent of a 1-month ga ( or swisspass , i think their terms are equivalent ) . 
  the card would arrive later at the sbb station i specify . 
  prices can be seen there : http://www.sbb.ch/en/travelcards-and-tickets/railpasses/half-fare-travelcard.html, 
  1-month travelpass price is in the additional offers tab . 
  hth, 
  i still have n't decided which option i 'll go for , swiss flexi pass or halbtax + travelpass . 
  maybe i wo n't even stay longer than 2 weeks this time , who knows . 
   there does n't appear to be a way to roll/bank,
