  lets settle for a dread shall we ? 
  define ` fun ' universally . 
  read the wiki article . 
  said wtf out loud . 
  inferno has been nerfed by ( at least ) an order of magnitude ( combined nerfs ) . 
  the only shield uses now are : pvp , hc , experiments for fun . 
  drop rates for legendaries have been increased ( i remember ` doubled ' change , maybe there were more ) . 
  drop rates for rares have been normalized to inferno a3 as long as you have monster power ( mp ) ( google it ) on and/or play a3/a4 . 
  affix rolls are still completely random except for they now roll regardless of ilvl up to mlvl of the monster that dropped an item . 
  all mlvls are 63 with mp on and/or in a3/a4 . 
  also with introduction of paragon levels you tend to have a lot of mf which statistically makes your loot better . 
  you need to farm a lot to notice much difference though . 
  this kinda sums it up . 
  don know about farming gold because i never did it . 
  edit : self found is valid though , both sc and hc . 
  side info :, 
  mp is a system that increases monster damage and hp and increases your mf , gf and % xp bonus . 
  these mf and gf values stack above 300 % cap . 
  hp scale is far more steeper than damage scale . 
  paragon levels are 100 levels above 60 . 
  each plvl gives you 3 % mf&gf and little base stats . 
  these mf&gf values stack towards 300 % cap , so at 100 plvl you 're mf capped . 
  yep . 
  actually i 'm not sure what it means . 
  that mob can not reflect more than 10 % of it 's hp , or that final blow crits ( especially like sever 's ) capped at 10 % of hp remaining ? 
  or what ? 
  blizzard ( and game developers in general ) should understand that such dumb mindless bullshit time sinks easily can and ** will ** be bypassed by simple autoclickers . 
  so many of these threads lately . 
  shows how many people are annoyed but this ( and id delay ) stupidity . 
  i hope cms reading this sub understand what needs to be done . 
  call . 
  get an authenticator . 
  physical , mobile or just a program : http://code.google.com/p/winauth/, 
  last one is not too secure though because it runs on the device you use for access to bnet as well . 
  it 's more a mean to not get account locks like this . 
  better use the mobile one if/when you can . 
  the point of this being ... ? 
  a number with a coin next to it ? 
  to enjoy the gameplay maybe ? 
  not to convert your rl values into a number in the database ? 
  15 '' 1024 * 768 until 3 years ago . 
  that was tough lol, 
   ilvl 63 items have access to an assortment of affixes depending on the item type . 
  once again , ilvl does n't have anything to do with affixes as of introduction of monster power . 
  just about anything i usually listen to . 
  electronic ( dubstep ) , classical ( especially baroque ) , rock ( 70s-80s ) . 
  how about people just be careful with selling their own shit ? 
  because pretty much the only thing blizzard can do - is add spaces to denote thousands , millions etc in the gold number . 
  otherwise its a standard trading system , everything else can be checked only by trading parties . 
  the login screen music in one of few tracks that actually are music in d3 . 
  for the most part the tracks are some ambient background rumbling and wailing with no clear melody . 
  1 , many shared :p, 
  well this is still up , so ... 
  exactly . 
  it 's not unspoken really , it 's in the linked bluepost . 
   how adults deal with things . 
  really ? 
  it 's an online game damn it . 
  some say people stupid enough to be scammed should be . 
  i bring up eve online too often in this sub , but it seems people really should play it to become more careful and a bit paranoid . 
   if i can get him into voice , he 'll give the items back -- that 's how good i am . 
  or maybe he 'll laugh for a bit and then leave . 
  planetside is a fucking mess right now . 
  no surprise . 
  a lot of them actually, 
  chantodo 's wand ( yeah couldnt believe when it dropped ), 
  hf ring obviusly, 
  trifecta-life % ring, 
  * found by a friend : *, 
  vile ward, 
  chantodo 's source http://i.imgur.com/tyneljf.png ( use it on cm ), 
  ** so 2 found , 1 crafted , 3 found by a friend . 
  you can call wizard a meele-magic to a certain extent . 
  do you run your game from a harddrive ? 
  yes , that might be the case , because big patches combined with little free space would result in high fragmentation . 
  if during your stutters the hdd led is constantly on and if you can hear it reading data ( if yours is a loud one ) - it 's most certainly the case of effects loading during the game worsened by fragmentation . 
  and again . 
  why pick up archon spaulders and razorspikes , and skip palliums and armplates ? 
  just because of a fancy name ? 
  blizzard employee takes time to post on the forums for his own pleasure - and his words are picked apart in search of hidden meanings and prophecies . 
  how unexpected . 
  but seriously even though missing set bonuses on bnet are suspicious i do n't think it 's time to jump up and start running around screaming about set changes . 
  ok , fair enough , 
  they explicitly said that this q&a was 1.07 related , yet people rage about how they answered 1.07 qs . 
  aaaaand ... bitching ensues !, 
  how very unexpected !, 
  this community can not take anything in a civilized discussion way . 
  keeping in mind that this was a 1.07 q&a , while * some * answers were vague , in general i am satisfied . 
  i 'm glad that they acknowledged and stated their plans for problems they were asked about that fit into the main topic ( 1.07 ) . 
  they could of course give more concrete information on the plans different plans they have ( and in some places they should ) , but in general that would be speculation leading to more speculation . 
  i even probably would 've liked it , but i think it 's better for me to wait for and evaluate the real results of their work . 
  and on a related note it 's also nice that they released their different ideas for owe for open discussion , i hope community will give some good feedback on those . 
  imo it 's a good way of doing things : keep the details to yourself when you 're formulating and working on them and release them to public when you need feedback on different well formulated ways to deal with an issue . 
  um , and i was under impression that there was no unicode support lol, 
  it just wont accept anything i type into chat in russian . 
  everything else works fine in that regard on my system , no problems with typing russian . 
  so i do n't even know where to look to try to fix it . 
  i have windows xp , might that be an issue ? 
  this solves most problems on windows for me , 
   they constantly complain about a lack of ideas and creativity .
