  same with cm wizard scripts , their basic variants just bind 3 ( or w/e ) keys to 1 . 
  same trick with glue and wood would work . 
  yay i 'm not alone !, 
  also , accidentally do whatever is bound to that key while playing a different char . 
  collecting potions and gems . 
  if i have to use a potion in a tight spot i feel like i somehow damaged my efficiency . 
  thanks this actually works better than mine . 
  monster damage-wise 1.02 inferno is slightly harder than current mp10 . 
  monster hp is way overscaled on mp10 though . 
  kill mobs . 
  a lot of them . 
  each kill is a try on your luck and a chance to get * that * item . 
  bashanishu - does n't work with some blades . 
  here 's an idea , buy a full bag of sweets and eat one when you get a legendary . 
  how does that sound ? 
  you know , actually playing ? 
  yeah i know . 
  dont you like sweets though ? 
  rl money for rl goods imo . 
  as someone who just crafted a perfect star ruby , i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i like this game but for some reason it has a lot of small bumps and problems like this all over it . 
  for instance item id ` ing , exactly the same problem . 
  i crafted because i had a shitton of rubys ( and tomes ) in my chest and also had all designs learned . 
  and although i wasted time clicking it still felt good to convert that pile of rubbish into something of my own ( as funny as this may sound ) . 
  according to the spreadsheet i once found i spent 5mil on it . 
  while i agree with gpus , what the hell is ` gaming processor ' ? 
  cpu architecture standards are far more strict , so there ca n't be any noticeable difference . 
  umm , you mean their multiplier is locked ? 
  because op on the d3 forums said that he did overclock them ( with bus frequency , or whatever those new cpus have instead i imagine ) . 
  otherwise i 'd really like some proof ( just curious , not implying anything ) . 
  apoc doesnt roll up to 15 , max ap does . 
  and you forget about hardcore when you 're talking about stacking dps vs. defence . 
  i 'm sure they have it in logs , but i think to pull logs database and search the whole log index with this purpose would be bad for performance . 
  yeah if you want to get any passes you should probably do it right at the airport station to save time . 
  i dont understand how people consider rakkis inefficient ... 
  yeah that sucks , forgot about that thing that some have . 
  i do this : http://hohohod3.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/slaughter2.jpg , thaken from there : http://hohohod3.wordpress.com/2012/11/19/farming-efficiently/ , and also kripp 's hc stream . 
  and still sometimes lose it . 
  the only place where i lose the archon more often is the core of arreat . 
  ontopic : which i replaced with skycrown as op suggested and it works pretty well . 
  i 'm not a barb , but i 'm sure you need to up your mp . 
  you dont want mobs to die instantly , this way you will never get enough procs . 
  since i switched to scramble + tele-archon ( and also lacunis help ) on mp1 i rarely lose archon there , maybe now and then closer to the end where i can kill the rest with healing blades and tp out anyway . 
  i personally always lose archon in core and i hate it . 
  it 's nice to replace it with skycrown , didnt lose archon ther ein a couple of runs i tried . 
  i 'm really positive about this game , but this lack of interaction and slow pace of development really is starting to annoy me . 
  makes me miss eve online , where you get an expansion every 6 months and , more importantly , tons of small patches and hotfixes after the expansion and approx . 
  one middle-sized patch a month . 
  also devs actively posting and interacting and spilling & gathering information on forums and in devblogs . 
  as i understand it 's not blizzard 's way of doing things , but it still sometimes seems like most of the d3 team was shifted to hots/expansion/wow / something ... 
  builds are not really the point here . 
  i actually can say that this is not a bad ring , but cant tell if it 'll sell either . 
  yeah i know , but it 's still one huge patch in like 2-3 months , that no necessarily fixes even only the small things ( i.e. 
  achievments ) that players talked about . 
  this and almost no communication with devs , it 's almost like dead silence . 
  coming from eve online this feels ( and imo is ) really wrong . 
  there 's a difference between high damage-high hp mode ( 1.0.3 ) and average damage-stupid hp mode ( mp10 ) . 
  first is at least somewhat a challenge , second is boring as fuck and a pure gearcheck . 
  yeah , would 've loved to see mp6 as say 1.0.3 mode and mp10 as 1.0.2 . 
  first i see people telling blizzard to not say what 's fun and what 's not . 
  but then i see other people doing exactly that . 
  nothing to see here , just a * jump bridge * ( in npc space yea ), 
  this community needs to grow up a lot tbh . 
  and do constructive feedback instead of screaming at any announced change , though it is kinda hard with lack of dev interaction that we have now . 
  fyi red alliance has passed many transformations in those years and it was essentially a different alliance at different times shared only by their name and mostly russian playerbase . 
  the red that is there now is very different from the one that was a year ago , and that red is very different from the one from 3 years ago . 
  as i said in another topic in this sub i know they are interacting but it 's almost nothing compared to eve online ( i spent a lot of time there that 's why i compare d3 devs to theirs a lot ) . 
  ccp guys often post on the forums , about specific things , announcing previews to changes they want to do , discussing them with interested players in a constructive way . 
  another thing that i find great is `` a thousand little things '' initiative where one team of devs reads through the forums and compiles a list of small fixes that are easy to make but make some aspect of the game more comfortable ( like bugfixes , ui changes etc ) . 
  of course we have trolls , ragequitters and crybabies there , but no one takes them too seriously because the community is more mature and generally inclined towards constructive and logical discussions ( at least in regards to the game , let 's not talk politics here  so i understand that it 's very hard if at all possible for blizzard to become that transparent and open in their communications . 
  so that 's more me talking bitterly wishing to see more open information :(, 
  holyshit did i write all of that ? 
  tldr blizzard 's transparency and community make you appreciate those in eve . 
  yeah . 
  the reference to a personal blog at ign is most funny . 
  2.57 as ( w / stretch time ), 
  60k hp, 
  900ish allres ( w / prismatic ), 
  tanking mp8 ubers just fine . 
  maghda + leoric can be tricky , but i just have to pay close attention to leoric 's whirlwind , arcane sentries , dont forget to recast slow time and change positions to not get hit by many swarms at once . 
  the other two fights are pretty easy . 
  ghom - i can just tape down my macro spam key and eat something with that free hand . 
  kulle can be annoying with his own slow times and occasional teleports but ususally no big challenge ( at mp8 ) . 
  my problem is dps ( only 86k ) , that 's why i have to do ubers with my dh and wd friends and we still ca n't make it till enrage on mp9 . 
  next time i 'm there certainly going to order some cats !, 
  schubert 8, 
  especially tchaikovsky 6 it is , well ... special . 
  you can mitigate incoming damage by clever tactics to a certain point . 
  you can mitigate stupid mob hp only by getting more dps . 
   proc coefficients on everything, 
  are you that `` wiz dead class 1.0.5 '' guy ? 
  because it 's funny how much rage was there on wizard forums about proc-nerfs and how class is made useless etc. 
  and now cm wizard is a great addition to your uber-farming party . 
  some would even say essential . 
   magic find on chests, 
   quest rewards . 
  because they were exploitable ? 
  at first i though that the title was a joke . 
  but if not i 'm sorry for you , op . 
  userflair set .
