  * the election winner ( the psd/cds-pp coalition ) controls around 46 % of parliament ( 107 seats out of 230 ) * the runner-up ( ps ) controls around 37 % of parliament ( 86 seats ) * the two far-left extremist parties ( be and pcp ) control , respectively , around 8 % and 7 % of parliament ( 19 and 17 seats ) * to ensure a stable government , the president has only two options : either appoint a prime-minister supported by the election winner , or appoint a prime-minister supported by the runner-up . 
  * the two far-left extremist parties ran election campaigns based almost exclusively on how they would sabotage anything that the winning party would do . 
  * the runner-up party has been for the past two weeks trying to negotiate with both far-left extremist parties , but has failed to reach any agreement . 
  he needs the support of both parties to guarantee the support of parliament ( 86 +19 +17 = 122 seats out of 230 ) * to make matters worse , at least one of the far-left extremist parties ( be ) is trying to take advantage of the opportunity to force the runner-up party into irrelevance , copying the strategy that syriza followed to squeeze pasok out of greece 's political game ) . 
  that far-left extremist party even stated that they would refuse to offer any support beyond passing a political program during the first year alone , and they would continue opposing the runner-up party . 
  last week , be even organized a press conference announcing that he forced the runner-up party to accept a populist reform that he always refused to implement , thus portraying themselves as benefactors and the runner-up party as the evil anti-people party . 
  * the president , when he addressed the nation regading his pick for the prime-minister spot , was direct in asking the two main parties to reach any agreement regarding a government option ( any option ) instead of forcing unstable options that serves no one . 
  so , knowing this , who exactly can blame the president for nominating the winning party , in spite of its simple majority ? 
   in denmark , it 's the job of the queen to accept the prime minister candidate who can assemble a ( majority ) coalition . 
  if she instead gave the prime minister job to the candidate with the smaller coalition , monarchy would end about 10 minutes later . 
  what if there was n't any coalition , and the only tangible option there was would be to either nominate the winning party or the runner-up party , none of which are supported by an absolute majority ? 
  because that 's precisely what 's happening in portugal . 
  there 's this strange reference regarding this mysterious `` left coalition '' that some people keep parroting around , but back in reality nothing of the sort has been formed at all . 
  and no coalition exists in spite of the runner-up party having been trying to negotiate with two far-left extremist parties for two weeks now . 
  dude , give it a rest . 
  again , there is no left coalition . 
  that does n't exist . 
  the left dude has only about 80-ish deputados out of 230 , and it is n't even sure if all support your imaginary coalition . 
  for the left dude to get the support of 122 deputados , he has to cut deals with two far left extremist parties , and until now he failed to even get a single party on board . 
  do you understand this ? 
   are you seriously suggesting a native can not be disagreed with on an issue of portuguese politics by a non native ? 
  the native happens to be experiencing the events first-hand and exposed daily to multiple sources of information , including the political players themselves . 
  you , on the other hand , only claim to have access to a single news clipping of a story that contains allegations that are patently wrong and , at best , mistranslates reports and quotes hearsay distorted by the author 's own personal pov . 
  it 's like complaining that a poorly written tertiary source is as good as any primary and secondary source . 
     i 'd have thought that here a coalition implied a `` temporary alliance of distinct parties ... for joint action . '', 
  the bit you 've failing to notice is that these distinct parties have failed to agree on anything regarding the new government . 
  therefore , based on your definition alone , there is no coalition . 
  in fact , if there was one then you 'd be pasting a link to a public announcement regarding the establishment of that coalition instead of resorting to dictionaries . 
   maybe because he said that democacy must come second to the eu and the bankers . 
  i admire your creativity , but next time use your imagination to invent allegations that are at least somewhat similar to reality . 
  they are trying to negociante since the election but they failed to reach any deal at all , even regarding the passage of a governent program . 
  furthermore , the end-game of one of those parties is to force the elimination of the runner-up party , copying the page straight out of syriza 's playbook , the one they used on pasok . 
  they already started boasting how they forced the runner-up party to pass popular measures against their will , portraying themselves as populist liberators while everyone else wants to keep the poor in shackles . 
  so , contrary to what some people made up , negotiations between the runner-up party and any of the minority extremist parties is n't progressing that well . 
  that 's essentially what these far-left extremist parties are pushing right now . 
  one of those parties even spent part of their propaganda budget putting up billboards demanding that the state should confiscate private property , both money savings and real-estate property , to spend on their political goals , and they reiterate that they not only want portugal out of nato but they also want nato to be dismantled . 
  hence , the president of portugal saying what he said . 
   your argument is just pure bullshit , a post election coalitions has the same value and legitimacy than a pre election coalition , for example in 2011 there was a coalition post elections beetween psd and cds and no one cried . 
  yes , a post election coalition has the same value and legitimacy . 
  but the thing is , there is n't one . 
  the runner-up party is still , right now , trying to negotiate with the two far-left extremist parties , but negotiations have stalled . 
  so , the only options available to the president at that time were either to appoint the leader of the winning party backed by a simple majority , or the leader of the runner-up party backed by a simple majority , and in the process make a public push for them to work out any agreement that establishes a stable government . 
   his speech , in selecting a government , did not appear to give primacy to the will of the people . 
  this is simply wrong . 
  he appointed the winning party . 
  that 's pretty much the basis of any democracy . 
  furthermore , the runner-up party never had any agreement with any of the far-left extremist parties elected into parliament , let alone both . 
  in fact , they are right now still negotiating , and still failed to reach any agreement regarding any support for a ps government . 
  the best offer that any far-left extremist party made was promising that they would n't automatically reject a government proposal out of the runner-up party , as long as it accepted a long list of conflicting demands that represent a political mine-field . 
   i do n't know why people are so upset about it , it 's common knowledge that he 's conservative the far-left extremist parties have an axe to grind with the current president of portugal since he , a social democrat , managed to form the first stable government in portugal after the carnation revolution ( was elected for 3 consecutive terms ) and was responsible for undoing some hardline communist policies imposed during the revolution , such as the nationalization of the banking sector . 
  as they never forgave him for opening the economy , they always jump at the opportunity to take a jab at him , whether he 's right or wrong . 
   the problem is that the president decided that people he does not agree with did not have the right to form a government . 
  this is simply bullshit . 
  the winning party did n't had an absolute majority , nor did the runner-up . 
  together , they represent over 80 % of the portuguese electorate . 
  the runner-up party did try to negotiate with two far-left extremist parties that , each , barely received 10 % of the votes , but they failed to reach any agreement . 
  in fact , one of the far-left extremist parties even threw a press conference announcing that they would n't support a government led by the runner-up party ; they would only consider not rejecting the government in parliament , but they would still oppose it and their program . 
  furthermore , both far-left extremist parties ran election campaigns on the promise that they would reject any attempt to negotiate with the winning party , and would do everything in their reach to reject them . 
  so , the president had only two options : appoint either the winning party backed by a simple majority , or the runner-up party backed by a simple majority . 
  thus , the president addressed the nation explaining his decision , basically stating that portugal is a democratic and european nation which complies with international treaties , and for this reason he expected the parties that received over 80 % of the votes to come to terms on a government solution that they believe is acceptable . 
  in practice , either the runner-up party accepts the winning party forms government , or he rejects it and proposes his own government , either backed by a simple majority or negotiating support from the far-left extremist parties . 
  the paf coallition won the elections . 
  the far-left extremist parties , being the radical extremists they are , announced even during the campaign that they would reject the social-democrat 's government and refuse to even negotiate with them . 
  the question was always whether the ps ( socialists ) or the psd/cds-pp coallition ( social democrats + christian democrats ) would win the election , and rule with a minority government . 
  no one expected the ps government to open its party to the extremists , as that represented essentially the worse move available for them as they risk the pasokization of their already fragile party . 
  but the ps leadership started negotiating with them to tryt o get some leverage in their negotiations with the psd/cds-pp coallition . 
  now the coallition called their bluff , and are sitting idly by to see if the ps leadership will throw themselves into harm 's way and in the fast track into irrelevance . 
   there comes a point where countries need to regain their sovereignty and not being dictated to by banks and `` the market '' i agree . 
  but that means that first these countries need to put their affairs in order so that they cease to depend on banks to cover their basic state expenditures . 
  complaining about past debt and debt services does n't do them any good either . 
  in fact , when the far-left extremists in portugal started to demand that the portuguese government should imitate syriza and threaten to default on their debt and instead go bankrupt , they were quickly informed of the fact that around 10 % of portugal 's sovereign debt is held by small lenders and one of the main institutional lenders is portugal 's state pension fund . 
  therefore , if far-left extremists are so keen in not depending on lenders to cover the state 's deficits , first they need to reform the state and reduce its spending and structural deficits so that they can actually make realistic demands . 
   i felt my level of compassion for the man drop drastically when i got to that point . 
  it quickly went from `` it 's a shame they 're doing it '' to `` it 's a shame they 're doing it without broadcasting it '' . 
   money is n't worth shit if you ca n't spend it however you like . 
  imagine this brand new concept : a ) you go somewhere to earn a shitload of money . 
  b ) you get the hell out of there and proceed to spend it however you like . 
  why do you believe members of iceland 's government should be jailed ? 
   the usa tells everyone their account 's are insured too . 
  [ deposit insurance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deposit_insurance ) is a thing , but only covers a limited amount of the deposits . 
   and screw over foreign icesave customers . . 
  the private companies did the screwing , not iceland . 
  consequently , iceland refused to bail them out or waste money refunding their clients . 
   they 're not unless you use the teaparty definition of socialism you 're seriously trying to argue that the socialist party , the party who created the nation 's national health service and the minimum guaranteed income scheme , is n't socialist . 
  and you 're accusing anyone who does n't agree with your absurd and made up version of reality as being somehow associated with a us political party . 
  you 're too delusional to keep wasting time with . 
  if you have any trouble ackowledging that ps and psd are socialists then you must be one of those illuminated individuals who believes lenin was a moderate center-left politician . 
   wow , all your three points are actually fallacies : s only if somehow you have problems facing facts and instead prefer to escape reality . 
  that 's good advice . 
  why do n't you follow it ? 
  first of all , these measures have all been negotiated and agreed upon by the prior socialist government ( ps ) . 
  furthermore , even tsipras ' syriza is following the same path . 
  this does n't mean they are any less socialist . 
  lastly , making sane management decisions is n't ideological . 
  when the money runs out , the sovereign debt explodes , and the nation faces bankruptcy , it is n't possible to fix problems by increasing spending . 
   the social-democrat party in portugal only has that name because they wanted to appear more left-wing after the end of the right-wing dictatorship ( where right-wing = fascism ) . 
  this is bullshit . 
  one of the historical founders of partido social democrata is [ francisco s\u00e1 carneiro ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francisco_de_s%c3%a1_carneiro ) , who had a long track record of defending deeply socialist and social democrat ideals , some of which nowadays would pass off as extremists . 
  the truth is that portugal is deeply socialist , and the regime 's political spectrum varies between hard-core stalinists and social-democrats . 
   why do you guys call a right-wing party `` partido socialdemocrata '' ?
