what a bullshit title . 
  it 's impossible to force catalonia out of the eu , because catalonia is n't even a member of the eu . 
  spain is . 
  the spanish government signed the treaties and implemented the reforms . 
  if these catalonia politicians want to force catalonia out of spain but wish to make it a member-state of the eu then they will have to apply for a membership and go through all the states , just like croatia did . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  i went here to say just that . 
  it 's pure bullshit to insinuate that only rajoy would prefer catalonia to cut the bullshit . 
  even a high number of catalans do n't want anything to do with their politician 's secession bullshit . 
   pretty vague article . 
  no location of the airstrikes except which country . 
  do you really expect them to announce beforehand , and to the whole world , where and how they will carry out these strikes ? 
  suspending a police officer during the investigation is the right course of action . 
  this does n't mean the woman who was shot is automatically innocent . 
   they will probably segregate themselves based upon sex and age . 
  yeah , particularly as women do n't tend to enjoy being raped at will . 
   `` which is n't the berghain look , '' he continued . 
  `` i mean sure , they looked surly and depressed , which would normally guarantee them entry but when they started weeping for drinking water we felt they were layering on the moody hipster shtick a little bit too heavily . '' how can anyone miss it ? 
  the article mentions that the drones were flown near latakia , which is a coastal town that appears to be disputed by everyone , including daesh . 
  i really do n't understand what these `` serious questions '' might be . 
   they are relatively poorer , yes . 
  that is the definition of the wealth gap . 
  your `` relatively poorer '' is just plain bullshit . 
  you 're whining that in spite of your assertion being complete nonsense , as we 're all actually far richer and with far higher standards of living , you can find someone that is richer than you . 
  thus , somehow that is bad . 
  you prefer that everyone would be dirt-poor , all equally , instead of having people that are richer than you . 
  you do n't care that you nowadays live far better than most kings lived some centuries ago , simply because you envy and find entirely unacceptable that someone out there may have more cash in the wallet than what you have right now . 
  therefore , you put these bullshit claims that things were never this bad . 
  why ? 
  simply because you believe someone out there lives better than you . 
  pure pettiness . 
   it worked so well that somehow , you only mentioned agreements passed through collective bargaining and avoided to point any direct and immediate consequence of falling for the `` class war '' bandwagon . 
  stuff such as imposing totalitarian regimes that enslaved the nation 's citizens , not to mention all the political assassinations and mass killings . 
  i mean , no communist regime established on this `` class war '' propaganda ever did anyone any harm , right ? 
   but then again , what is n't when you 're a marxist . 
  well , when they managed to get to power , somehow those conspiracies cease to exist in their mind . 
  instead , somehow these conspiracies start to flourish in the opposition side . 
  and they are all ~ ~ trying to steal their fish ~ ~ organizing coups to depose them . 
   we have seen in the last decades how the wealth generated has increased but has not been distributed among the society . 
  are you actually trying to assert that the average net income and the overall quality of living did n't improved at all since the turn of the century ? 
  it 's a socialist propaganda trick that worked well in the past . 
  it worked well in the past . 
  therefore , it 's played to exhaustion until someone comes up with a better one . 
     the entire point of a mortgage is that the obligation ends when the debt is repaid or the property is repossessed . 
  this is n't exactly true . 
  the mortgage is a collateral on a loan . 
  even after a debt is executed , if the arrested assets do n't cover the debt then that debt does n't go away . 
  the retarded aspect of spain 's mortgage law is that banks have been systematically granting loans that are n't covered by the collaterals . 
   great . 
  worked fantastically well in the uk . 
  check out how these state-owned public companies worked fantastically well for portugal , particularly how they ended up exploding the sovereign debt , and then let 's talk about the uk 's experience . 
   there is nothing that points towards public services beeing organised in a more efficient way by yprivate companies . 
  you have no idea on what you 're talking about , and in the process you 're trying to pull the wool over everyone 's eyes . 
  these companies have been a cesspool of inefficiency for decades , and have been hindering the nation 's growth due to sheer incompetence and corruption . 
  the state has been designing and developing the subway network to cater to the socialist party 's election calendar , wasting huge sums of money extending lines to neighboring municipalities that have no demand for traffic while leaving the core of the network unserved . 
  in the process , they 've ballooned the company 's debt to well over 10 billion euros . 
  meanwhile , the same sort of services explored by private corporations not only turn a profit but also get the railway operator to pay back dividends to the state . 
  only fundamentalist fools believe that there is any virtue in having the state controlling these sort of corporations . 
  the pressure to under-perform and create giant money pits is always present in public-held companies . 
  the main reason to sell off these companies to non-state companies is to get an independent organization to properly manage them , without being tied to political cronies and other corruption schemes . 
  the reality is here for everyone to see , and only those blinded by fundamentalist beliefs in the state being a flawless , quasi-religious entity believe corruption and waste is n't the natural balance of these corporations . 
  those public companies were a hive of corruption and have been managed disastrously for the past decades . 
  they managed to even be responsible for skyrocketing portugal 's sovereign debt when the troika forced the portuguese government to account the debt amassed by these companies as the state 's debt . 
  if anything , privatizing these companies will force the political cronies to stop using these corporations as their private playground . 
  these privatizations were a part of the bailout agreement signed by the previous socialist government [ way back in 2011 . 
  ] ( http://www.dn.pt/inicio/portugal/interior.aspx?content_id=1847315 ) even so , socrates ' government was already preparing the privatization of ml and carris since at least 2010 , [ when they announced their plan to privatize the state 's public transportation services . 
   i was amazed how cheap taxis are there compared to where i am from ( germany ) i suppose you had a german salary to cover the cost of living in portugal . 
  to put things in perspective , the minimum wage in portugal is around 530 $ , and the national median income falls somewhere between 700 $ and 800 $ . 
  paying 10 $ for a short trip in a taxi is n't exactly expensive , but for a median portuguese salary it is n't cheap as well . 
  nevertheless , the taxi fares are far from being the problem . 
   more so than japan or germany . 
  are you serious ? 
  after the us and russia/china , half of the world 's submarines are made in germany . 
  the type 209 and type 214 are the submarines of choice . 
  * [ submarines of europe ] ( https://i.imgur.com/taak0iw.jpg ) * [ submarines of the asia-pacific ] ( https://i.imgur.com/7ly23uo.png ), 
   but our leaders see that there is no external pressure to invest into the army . 
  the thing is , when there is external pressure to invest in an army , it 's already too late to get the army up and running . 
  ww2 taught us that . 
   so it 's really just an anecdote that gets attention because it validates opinions people already have . 
  if the poster child that was picked to show off your integration policies ends up being an extremist operative behind a string of terrorist acts then i 'm sorry to tell you that this is a bit more than `` just an adectode '' . 
   they entered portugal via morocco i never heard of any of that . 
  do you have any source ? 
   it was called the race to the sea if i remember correctly . 
  [ til ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_to_the_sea ), 
  perhaps there is no agenda . 
  perhaps they are just morons who get their kicks stirring up shit through these public displays of [ dissent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organizational_dissent ) . 
   just thought it would be easier to smuggle it at a closer distance . 
  in 2013 a group of syrian refugees succeeded in entering european soil with false passports by going from syria to turkey , and then to morroco , and then to guinea-bissau , and then to portugal . 
  the leg of their trip from guinea-bissau to portugal only succeeded because these so called refugees managed to bribe a bunch of guinea-bissau 's ministers , one of which ( the interior minister ) personally ordered the airplane to abandon guinea-bissau to force the crew to transport passangers that they knew carried fake passports . 
  once they reached portugal , they dashed towards spain and just dissapeared . 
     the concepts of jihad and martyrdom come straight out of the koran / hadith . 
  christianity also served as a basis for numerous military campaigns , and nowadays you do n't see any european christians or even the pope inciting military actions . 
  religion is just a tool to manipulate useful idiots . 
   so it 's worth showing that the person who turned him in is also muslim and that it 's not just muslims vs the west or some daft shit like that . 
  this . 
  although there is a strong correlation between a specific religion and this particular blend of terrorism , it 's of utmost importance that everyone is aware that it 's not the religion itself that 's the motivating factor of these terrorist acts . 
  religion is just a tool that the people behind these attacks use to convince the most idiotic and moronic individuals within society to act as [ useful idiots . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) the world plays right into their plan if other morons keep on believing that the religion itself is the cause of these terrorist actions . 
  it 's not . 
  this woman does an excellent job pointing this out , and we all should take notice .
