  i know people who lived in africa who say the exact opposite . 
  in fact , all the terrorism and insurgency problems were centered in africa , not in the mainland and even less so in asia , and pide 's action managed to thwart foreign insurgency in angola and mozambique in spite of the freedom they enjoyed due to the vast unpopulated emptiness and very permeable borders . 
  that 's obviously bullshit . 
  the estado novo regime was a single-party system since the constitution reform of 1933 , with the [ uni\u00e3o nacional ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_union_ ( portugal ) being the only legal political party in portugal . 
  elections for the national assembly were nominal , and contrary to the myths and legends regarding the estado novo regime , the people in fact elected pro-democracy and anti-estado novo deputados , which were later known as the [ liberal wing of the national assembly ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/ala_liberal ) . 
  among the liberal wing politicians listed people such as francisco s\u00e1 carneiro , which later became one of the first prime-ministers of democratic portugal until he was assassinated . 
  all the propaganda around political persecution comes mainly from political organizations which were controlled by authoritarian regimes such as the soviet union or ben-bela 's algeria , and actively engaged in military and espionage campaigns against the portuguese state . 
  we even had a career politician running in the portuguese presidential elections which had a long career working for ben bela operating an anti-portugal propaganda radio channel dedicated to demoralizing portuguese troops fighting soviet-backed terrorist groups in africa . 
   denouncing fascist trolls you 're blabbering on about pedophilia in issues which have nothign to do with it , and you 're already a well-known troll in / r/portugal . 
  you 're no freedom-fighter . 
  you 're just a childish troll . 
  i ca n't talk about your uncle or what he did or did n't do , but the fact alone that he `` had to flee to angola '' , which was in a different continent but still portugal and still under the jurisdiction of the so called `` secret police '' , and particularly a region where pide operated quite extensively and was well aware of who went where , means that the story has some holes in it . 
   who had a secret police the so-called `` secret police '' was in fact a security agency dedicated to counter-espionage and counter-insurgency , which tried to counter terrorist groups controlled by dictatorships such as the soviet union or algeria . 
  we 're talking about a time where communist agents cooperated with soviet military not only to equip , train , and finance military campaigns against portugal but also in spying on nato . 
       you mean they ( democratic elected multi-party representatives ) want to censor pedophile websites ? 
  yeah , tragic . 
  if you are any sense of decency and were capable of being honest , you would acknowledge that the vote calling for internet censorship has absolutely nothing to do with any of that . 
  instead , your posts throughout this thread make it quite clear that you 're a troll who is personally invested in harassing others with a constant stream of shit-posting . 
   however , in portugal , as late as 1973 , a quarter of the population was still illiterate . 
  that means that the estado novo regime was responsible for raising the literacy rate in portugal from zero to 75 % . 
  do n't you agree that this fact alone goes against the rhetoric that the estado novo regime forced the nation to remain illiterate ? 
   propaganda and nepotism ? 
  no , mainly because the current regime is plagued with corruption problems and incompetent government officials . 
  the estado novo regime had a rigid hierarchical organization which mimicked in many aspects the soviet-style apparatchik-based public servant organization , where public servants served the state , were held accountable by their higher-ups in any decision , and any mishap meant an end to their career . 
  in fact , salazar was known for personally inspecting the balance sheets of each municipality to keep a tight control on the nation 's finances and , of course , the power that came with deciding where to invest the state 's resources . 
  with the end of the estado novo regime , the dictatorship-style authoritarian structure was dismantled and replaced by elected officials , which are not appointed based on technical merits , are n't held accountable for any of their actions , and even act with total disregard for the public good . 
  as an example , a former economy minister ( manuel pinho ) is currently being investigated for suspicions of corruption , and he stated to the press that it 's absurd that he is even the subject of an investigation because somehow his role in the corruption case was scrutinized in an election , and if his party won an election then the judiciary should n't even be looking into his affairs . 
   we 're now a democracy considering that in this very week we saw the portuguese parliament approving a recommendation that the state should actively censor the internet , that 's a bit debatable . 
  in fact , the estado novo even had national elections , which served to elect not only the president of the republic but also parliament representatives , which were responsible for nominating or firing the head of government . 
   of course progress could have been faster but portugal 's problem in that regard really comes from the xix century . 
  exactly . 
  although the estado novo in fact was the first political regime in the history of portugal which created a public education system and invested in it as a way to structure a society , the fact is that the massification was too slow . 
       portugal is to this day the european country with the lowest literacy rate . 
  prior to 1928 , portugal did n't even had a literacy rate . 
  education was seen as a luxury that could only be at the reach of nobility and religious elites . 
  the estado novo radically changed that by jump-starting a public education system . 
   kept the vast majority of the population uneducated and controlled by catholicism ( something that persists to this day ) this is n't true at all . 
  although the modern public education system established after the carnation revolution led to a true massification of public education , the estado novo regime was responsible for jump-starting the nation 's education system ( which , prior to 1928 was non-existent ) and invested heavily on all levels of education , including creating a network of primary , preparatory , and secondary schools , including vocational schools . 
  in fact , as part of the estado novo 's investment in portugal 's public education , the regime was responsible for doubling the number of portuguese universities in a couple of decades , having given priority to the creation of universities in the so-called `` prov\u00edncias ultramarinas '' ( overseas territories ) which included the creation of the [ university of luanda , angola , in 1962 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agostinho_neto_university ) and [ university of maputo ( mozambique ) in 1962 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eduardo_mondlane_university ) , as well as the creation of the [ universidade nova de lisboa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universidade_nova_de_lisboa ) in 1973 , which now ranks as one of the top schools in the world . 
  the man responsible for the estado novo 's heavy investment in public education was none other than [ adriano moreira ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adriano_moreira ) , who was since then a prominent member of the current democratic regime and even vice-president of the assembly of the republic between 1991 and 1995 . 
   story time ? 
  he suffered a stroke . 
  there 's also another debating chamber in the same building which iirc in today 's form of government does n't have any official use : [ the senate room ] ( https://www.parlamento.pt/visitaparlamento/paginas/senado.aspx ) . 
  during the estado novo regime , that chamber served as the [ corporative chamber ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporative_chamber ) , which was a sort of senate composed by representatives of the nation 's civil society . 
   i was taught that two died as salazar 's guards shot into a crowd outside his office that 's awfully wrong . 
  the carnation revolution took place in 1974 , oliveira salazar ruled until 1968 and died in 1970 . 
  marcello caetano was in charge when the carnation revolution took place . 
  furthermore , iirc state security ( [ pide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pide ) ) agents shot at a mob which formed around pide 's headquarters in rua do carmo . 
   unless you actually , you know , look at data and stuff . 
  could you actually provide any of that data ? 
  after a quick google search , [ this new york times article ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/08/opinion/the-american-dream-quantified-at-last.html ) and [ this the economist article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/7055911 ) point out exactly the opposite of what you 're claiming . 
  the proof is in the pudding , and visir 's pudding has a heavy taste of tabloid . 
  again , can you find any other source for these allegations ? 
  if there is any truth to them , i 'm sure plenty of publications would be eager to cover them . 
  the tabloid articles you 've linked date back over two weeks . 
  i really doubt that if any of the allegations were remotely true the whole world would fail to find any basis for those allegations after two weeks of continuous research while a tabloid presents itself as a real news factory on that particular case . 
  if only a single tabloid newspaper is capable of finding any basisfor this story while the whole world fails to even get a shred of support and even when no judicial system is bothered to look into it , they are certainly ahead of others in some aspects , but investigative reporting is n't it . 
   i do n't think you understand just how difficult it is for anyone to admit to others that they have been abused . 
  people do n't accuse others of abuse for no reason . 
  that does n't explain how a single tabloid manages to be the only publication in the whole world who discovers an open secret , particularly when it fails to substantiate any claim and there are zero charges filed in any justice system . 
  are you able to find any source other than that particular tabloid ? 
  i mean , the man is a global star staring in a hit tv show , and is consinuously stalked by paparazzi . 
  yet , only that particular tabloid publisher manages to find those claims . 
  does n't that strike you as odd ? 
   when four different women all describe physical and mental abuse by their ex-boyfriend haf\u00fe\u00f3r ( the mountain ) the case seems very solid . 
  if the accusations are indeed solid , how come they are never materialized in court ? 
  i mean , has anyone ever filed charges against him ? 
  at all ? 
  was any complain ever presented to a judicial system ? 
  or are there only tabloid reports on alleged abuse charges ? 
     but when i say i am being very liberal with my finances what would you imagine ? 
  economic liberalism always meant cutting takes and cutting spending . 
  if a political party talks about being fiscally liberal then that 's precisely what comes to mind . 
   the correct term is economic liberalism you 're confusing things . 
  more specifically , you 're confusing the noun which refers to an economic system with an adjective which provides a description of the actions someone is proposing . 
  your argument even fails to make sense grammatically . 
   incorrect , it 's a tax to people that have any type of electricity generation at home and wants to be connected to the grid at the same time . 
  that 's not what the bbc article , nor the el pais newspiece , state . 
  they are quite clear that the tax is levied on storage . 
   i was looking at some websites but if you do n't believe me , here you have the real decreto 900/2015 , in page 27 , after the `` se aplicar\u00e1n cargos fijos en funci\u00f3n de la potencia , en $ / kw , ( ... ) thanks for providing a link . 
  there 's nothing like reading the actual law to actually get an idea of what the law actually is . 
  until now , the discussion was centered on biased propaganda hitpieces and tertiary sources , and this leads nowhere . 
  back to the real decreto , the bit you 've mentioned refers to line access charges , and precisely on the page you 've quoted it says the following :  tanto para la modalidad de autoconsumo tipo 1 como para la modalidad tipo 2 ** la aplicaci\u00f3n de dichos cargos fijos se realizar\u00e1 sobre la diferencia entre la potencia de aplicaci\u00f3n de cargos definida en el art\u00edculo 3 y la potencia a facturar a efectos de aplicaci\u00f3n de los peajes de acceso . 
  the definition of `` potencia de aplicaci\u00f3n de cargos '' provided in art\u00edculo 3 states that it consists of the power used by the consumer on a specific tariff period . 
  in short , you 've quoted the bit of the law where it states that those who install solar panels have to pay for the power they actually take away from the national power grid . 
   fiscally liberal sounds more like pouring money down the drain . 
  ... or simply not taking money out of people 's pocket , so there is less of it to pour it down the drain . 
   the guy that gets people . 
  yeah , like any populist demagogue . 
     those that have a completely isolated installation from the grid , yes , are not forced to pay any tax . 
  naturally , as it 's a tax levied on energy storage . 
   but those who wish to connect their solar installation to the grid , are forced to pay ( aprox ) 9 $ / kw+vat . 
  i 've seen that value floating around from time to time , but oddly enough there is never a source to back it up . 
  meanwhile , neither the bbc article or the el pais article mentionit . 
  or does that kw refers to energy storage capacity ? 
  can you provide any source that mentions that $ / kw fee ? 
   the whole process of photovoltaic installation requires a long and complicated legal/bureaucratic procedure created specifically for discouraging people from going for that . 
  i do n't believe that 's remotely true at all . 
  what i do know was that the solar power subsidy program created by spain to encourage investments in solar energy which ended up creating a massive nation-wide wave of fraud . 
  we 're talking about fraud in such a massive scale that included cases where people were using diesel-power generators to generate energy to be sold back to the state as being solar energy just to cash in on the solar subsidies , or even solar plants that alleged they have been producing solar power at night .
