  if market forces are left to operate naturally , things end up balancing out for themselves . 
   am i crazy for lying in the sand when i 'm at the beach ? 
  that is madness !, 
   if people fight over beds , it means more beds are needed . 
  no , it means that demand is greater than the supply . 
   people who are willing to get up at dawn are probably also willing to pay a little to an entrepreneur renting them out and then it is legit reserved . 
  ... except that of a beach is public property then no one is in control of the supply , and its first come first serve . 
  however , this does show that there is a market for this sort of service , which opens the way for investing in boat rentals , floating pontoons , waterparks , etc etc etc. 
  in short , whatever people need this bad , there is a market for it . 
   so why are n't enough entrepreneurs bringing beds ? 
  this is a good question . 
  as a purely theoretical exercise , perhaps there is money to be made by occupying beach spots with seat fillers , who then vacate their spots to make way for a paying customer . 
   lol , how common is this ? 
  so common there 's a youtube video with over 80k views showing off how ridiculous this is . 
  the video : [ here come the germans !, 
  the beach towel brigade . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9s8wppmwhk ), 
   trump is like 6 ' 3 '' https://i.imgflip.com/yuegp.jpg, 
   it 's amazing how many people do n't bother thinking of the consequences . 
  it 's like argentina does n't exist , nor the country 's economic collapse . 
  this , and inflation also lowers the debt volume just by waiting it out . 
   there is no recompense for trying hard . 
  where else , other than the ecb , would greece receive a constant stream of soft loans on such a massive scale ? 
  it 's like reconciling between people who do n't care what you eat and believe you are free to pick anything from the menu , and those who believe that anyone who does n't eat their very specific type of beef should be assassinated in public to serve as an example to everyone . 
   the issue with sagrada familia is that the masonry work was insane for the time . 
  now they are using cnc machines to lower the cost and make the work faster and cheaper , but the idea of those machines would have been unthinkable when it was started . 
  the sagrada familia has been built out of reinforced concrete since 1918 , and since then it has also incorporate prefabricated reinforced concrete structural elements . 
   historically is not uncommon that a cathedral takes 1 century to be completed . 
  that was the case back in the days where buildings were constructed brick by brick , stone by stone . 
  those days are long past , particularly now as parts of the sagrada familia are prefabricated concrete structural elements . 
  truth be told , the sagrada familia is being kept under construction just to milk all the notoriety they can out of it . 
   governments are appointed by parliaments , not by appointed governments . 
  in general , governments are approved by parliaments , and appointed by the head-of-state . 
   it 's not more representation its underhand nepotism behind closed doors . 
  all governments are appointed , after a negotiation process . 
  that does n't mean all governments are formed out of nepotism and behind closed doors . 
   this is a perfect example of the mentality that time and time again undermines the functioning of the union . 
  the amount of commissioners should be reduced to a number best fit for the task , and should be picked by the european parliament based on their merit , not shoved upfront due to their nationality and underhand politics . 
  ... and then , just wait for the conspiracies on how the eu is controlled by a specific member-state from where a scapegoat commissioner comes from , and the subsequent torrent of propaganda on how the eu is out to keep the < insert member-state  - man down . 
   sch\u00e4uble is doing his job , a minister of finance is supposed to keep the finger on the money and work on a balanced budget . 
  that 's precisely the point of schauble 's proposal , because some ministers of finance somehow fail to recognize the main requirements of their job , and then everyone else is left with the bill . 
   sch\u00e4uble just happens to be one of the most influential and respected politicians in germany ... particularly because all the cash-strapped nations somehow expect schauble to be the one footing all the bills . 
  then , somehow , schauble 's critics get all their panties in a bunch when he suggests that some reform should be put in plate to avoid that these senseless economic collapses are again forced upon other member-states . 
   there is a difference between publicly funded and state funded , you know . 
  is there , really ? 
   you 've got ta admit it is really depressing that the biggest argument for remain was `` the eu will fuck us out of spite '' . 
  you 're confusing spite with giving the uk no special treatment handling the outcome that the uk leaders have been threatening with and insisting on for the past years . 
  the argument made by the brexit supporters was that , as they were awesome and magical creatures , they would swoon eu member-states into giving them preferential treatment while asking nothing in return . 
  pipe dreams . 
  and now , once they 're faced with the outcome they specifically asked for , they are somehow whining that not being pampered with fast-track , tailor-made treaties granting them all the special treatment they dreamed of is somehow spiteful vengeance . 
   it clearly states that it is the leaving country that decides when to trigger the clause 50 not the rest of the eu . 
  did that small print catch you out ? 
  the leaving country already decided to leave , once the referendum votes were all counted for . 
  now , they need to follow through on their decision without dragging their collective feet . 
  it 's their decision , it 's their initiative , it 's their commitment . 
  no excuses . 
   if the others would have won , would you have said the same about their propaganda , or is their propaganda the correct one ? 
  of course . 
  junkers , for starters , should take a long hard look into what he has been doing , preferably while looking for some other job . 
  yet , the remain vote had by no means the same level of critical impact on the world than the brexit . 
  voting to remain just means that everything stays the same and nothing would change for the time being . 
  the brexit , however , is a complete break from the last 50 years of history , which jeopardizes a project which single-handedly is responsible for half a century of peace and prosperity in europe and the world . 
  are both outcomes even remotely comparable ? 
   why would spain veto scotland ? 
  spain did n't veto scotland . 
  spain vetoed a fast-track , nearly automatic membership process for scotland . 
  spain 's position was that there is only one type of membership process , one which takes many years and many international agreements being signed gradually , just like what lead to the last [ eu enlargment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_enlargement_of_the_european_union ) . 
   i 'd love to know why , i do n't understand their decision one of the striking misconceptions about democracy is the assumption that voters are sufficiently informed to decide how to cast their vote . 
  they do n't need to be , and very often they are n't . 
  the decision should be , obviously , through a large consensus , and a gradual process which ensures that everyone is either completely on board or ok with the change . 
  a qualified majority is , obviously , the way to go . 
  it 's utterly idiotic to lay the course of a whole nation on a simple opinion poll where , depending on the time of the month or the margin of error , the whole decision could be swayed one way or the other , forcing half of the nation into a path that , quite possibly , everyone will regret in the near future . 
   i think for important matters such as this , a 2/3 majority should be needed . 
  exactly . 
  essentially , this referendum boils down to two choices : either everything stays the same , or the foundation of the entire nation is changed over night . 
  that 's something that everyone in the nation should , without any question , be on board to carry on . 
  if not , they could still consider it somewhere in the future . 
  forcing half the country into a chasm just because the populists pulled a successful propaganda campaign is absurd . 
   they do n't have to , the government could tell the 51 % to fuck off and remain , which would be a victory for common sense but a loss for democracy . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i do n't understand why a decision to change the whole nation in such a fundamental and profound way was n't decided with a qualified majority , and instead with a simple majority . 
  i mean , it 's that sort of stuff where everyone needs to be on board , and no questions must remain whether everyone was on board or was against it . 
  now , britain is stuck with a decision to force a reform on half the nation who voted against it , and only due to a marginal difference in votes . 
   sort of childish . 
  iran is deeply conservative society and is n't eu role to reform it . 
  it is n't the eu 's role to condone the oppressive nature of iran 's regime as well . 
  in fact , i find the eu 's initiative to be pretty much the ideal one , as it clearly states what is expected out of iran as a very basic requirement to make these diplomatic ties a reality . 
   that 's because the iraqi army did n't fight and instead ran . 
  so , does n't this imply that the gdp does n't mean much ? 
   because realistically , if they 're going to use ten times as many men , they 'll just lose ten times as many men . 
  that only remains a realistic scenario if nato members invest in their readiness , through initiatives such as the military exercises in eastern europe . 
  ... which the german foreign minister is , somehow , criticizing . 
   a little bump and we crash . 
  that holds true for pretty much any developed nation on earth . 
   automation is not that widespread yet are you serious ? 
  there is n't a single factory in essentially the entire west that has some form of automation in place , and production engineers on the payroll . 
   if increased efficiency was bad we would all still be subsistence farmers ... luddites are still pretty pissed about this sort of changes , though . 
   it 's one of the contradictions of capitalism , that all businesses try to reduce the cost of production ( e.g. 
  salaries ) while increasing demand for their product . 
  what contradiction ? 
  production costs are lowered , prices are lowered , hence more people can and do afford their products .
