   the only person to have benefited from the political career of yanis is mr. varoufakis . 
  and what a benefit it has been , by [ charging $ 60.000 just to appear somewhere and make one of his speeches ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/europe/article4596596.ece ) . 
   he 's clearly passionate about ~ ~ politics ~ ~ the spotlight . 
   no , most politicians resort to pragmatism to the point that the vision is lost . 
  you mean , like calling for a referendum that , once your side wins , leads you to pragmatically jump ship to avoid being the one left out to do the dirty work of actually implementing your grand vision ? 
   the whole rigamarole is based on extend-and-pretend . 
  the whole rigamarole is based on the assumption that once greek officials recognized greece 's real problem ( running two-digit deficits paid for by massive loans ) they would actually do something to fix it . 
  yet , here we are . 
   why , though ? 
  because if they are fighting a war , each side has a vested interest in manipulating the media to their advantage . 
  come on , do n't be that gullible . 
   can they not accurately report on events that happened to their own people until this report is corroborated by a trustworthy third party , this report is worth what it 's worth . 
   did you expect the bbc to get there before the locals ? 
  no , but i do n't expect armenian sources to be impartial and unbiased . 
  those are n't `` math equations '' . 
  those are algebraic expressions . 
  i found a reference in a portuguese newspaper [ here ] ( http://www.dn.pt/portugal/interior/reparticoes-de-financas-atacadas-com-cocktails-molotov-2145774.html ) . 
  in short , it was the day of a general strike , 5 months after the [ portuguese legislative elections of 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_legislative_election,_2011 ) , and someone under the auspice of that event firebombed two tax offices to protest the appointment of the newly elected government . 
   basically abusing the tolerance by the intolerance . 
  recommended reading : [ paradox of tolerance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) . 
   msf is not a political body . 
  it is independent and neutral . 
  an organization that makes political statements such as this one is , obviously , not neutral . 
   for the first time in 6 years sorry , that 's bullshit . 
  the wikipedia article on the [ syrian peace process ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_peace_process ) lists numerous peace negotiations and initiatives from 2012 up to now . 
   for the first time since civil war start there is a chance to stop the war . 
  actually , assad 's regime was on the brink of defeat until putin decided to intervene directly and push the syrian opposition out of damascus and away from the coast . 
  if anything , putin 's intervention , and subsequent retreat , ensured the syrian civil war will go on indefinitely . 
  it does n't matter how anyone wishes to call it . 
  they are still uk territory . 
  does it come with blackjack and hookers ? 
  exactly . 
  because there is no better way to get access to nuclear power than to buy the cheap power from those who spent their cash building the infrastructure , maintaining it , and managing the spent nuclear fuel . 
  in fact , perhaps sometimes you may actually ask yourself why spain spent their money building a nuclear power plant so close to portugal and in [ a region that 's virtually a desert . 
  ] ( https://scienceinvestigators.wikispaces.com/file/view/spain-population-density-2005.png/497680192/861x586/spain-population-density-2005.png ), 
   how 's portugal 's nuclear industry going ? 
  [ pretty awesome , actually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almaraz_nuclear_power_plant ) . 
  oh , and by the way , portugal does n't actually need nuclear energy , as it 's a [ world leader in renewable energy ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-18538813 ) . 
  it seems portugal could be a lot worse . 
  it could be russia or a former member of the soviet union . 
  but you do agree that your nuclear energy comment is completely irrelevant to the discussion , do n't you ? 
   that 's the point , russian current health care is worse than it was in ussr you have to ask russia 's current government why it dropped the ball on its people . 
  the ability to do just that , alone , is something that was unheard of in ussr times . 
   my family went from illiterate farmers to nuclear engineers in the space of two generations , not bad for a dick bread so did the entire world , without needing a genocidal dictator or a repressive totalitarian state . 
  it also contributes to this mess the fact that podemos is a populist protest party , which based its political action in a hardline approach to any issue in their political agenda . 
  if a political party is built on an uncompromising approach to any problem , then you get an organization that 's fundamentally unable to negotiate and to reach compromises , even in internal politics . 
  consequently , an organization that 's fundamentally unable to negotiate and unable to concede some points to reach compromises is also unable to get things done in a democratic regime where they do n't hold an absolute majority . 
  are you serious , or just a poorly thought-out shill ? 
  in portugal , when the portuguese communist party tried to overthrow the constitutional assembly in their attempted military coup of 25th november 1975 , no one was arrested and iirc the president of the national assembly even addressed the nation stating that the portuguese communist party was an invaluable member of the newly democratic regime . 
  in retrospective , if the communist party elites were prosecuted and punished for their crime , the country would inevitably fall into a civil war . 
  one way to appease a rebellion is to guarantee that the cycle of revenge and punishment ceases or does n't even start . 
  nelson mandela is a good example of how that strategy does benefit everyone involved . 
   both sides killed people , your comment it 's out of place . 
  i do n't believe that your assertion excuses anyone of committing mass political assassinations . 
   question is : was the haircut bigger than the interest they got ? 
  the haircut covered around 50 % of the private-held debt . 
  some banks were even forced into economic distress due to the haircut . 
  in fact , the greek debt haircut forced some portuguese banks were forced to get emergency loans from the state of portugal to avoid going bankrupt themselves , and iirc a couple of them are still declaring losses today due to the hit . 
  the portuguese national health service is organized as a 3-tier service ( primary , secondary , and tertiary care ) , and although it 's possible to go to a primary care appointments by just dropping by a health center , the national health service employs an appointment-scheduling service . 
  the moderation fees are only in place to moderate the influx of people saturating the tertiary care services , and provide an incentive to get them to first go to primary care services . 
  there were already plenty of cases where irresponsible people dropped by emergency rooms to try to get vaccines or change bandages . 
  once the national health service raised the moderation fees in tertiary care services , the availability of tertiary services increased without any impact on the level of service provided by the national health service . 
  after all , if you were in a car crash or broke your leg , you would n't mind paying 20 $ to get all the treament available to you in a central hospital , but if you only want to get a flu shot then you think twice before spending 20 $ for it when you can have the exact same service for 5 $ and somewhere closer to home . 
     what i find laughable is the completely disproportionate attention paid to this relatively insignificant state . 
  spying on eu meetings is pretty serious , no matter which state did the spying . 
  saying otherwise is a blatant attempt to whitewash this provocation . 
  i 'm curious to see from where exactly you pulled your `` moral relativism '' complain . 
   yet the latter gets remembered as the worst person of the 20th century . 
  the latter lost , and was n't able to rewrite history and purge those who had a dissenting view . 
   while understandable , it 's not like keeping the borders open fixes that issue . 
  the problem just moves elsewhere . 
  this is true , but it does mean that the problem ceases to affect greece directly , and right now there 's a whole logistics network set up by human trafficking networks that rely on greece 's open borders to provide their service . 
  it 's not like the human traffickers in turkey can simply pull a switch and direct their rafts to italy overnight . 
   spending years telling a country to go full austerity i suppose the bankruptcy , the mass accounting fraud , and the all around lack of money had a bit more to do with it than someone telling greece to cut spending the cash it did n't had . 
  after all , how do you expect greece to keep spending money it does n't have ? 
  in portuguese , `` bosque '' is also used to refer to forest , albeit it 's not used as frequently . 
   the left-right spectrum exists as a gauss curve it is n't a curve at all . 
  just because you hold an opinion regarding the current illegal immigration problem , it does n't mean you 're also nationalist or racist or fascist or any other thing . 
  it just means you have a particular opinion regarding the current illegal immigration problem . 
  but somehow , those who repeatedly resort to hate-based accusations to berate and humiliate those who hold a different opinion into being silence ... to them , somehow having and expressing an opinion they find inconvenient is automatically a valid reason to bundle all these labels and go into the offensive . 
   i personally wonder a bit about how credible a no-first-use guarantee is -- the problem is that a nuclear first strike is something one would use when worried about losing a nuclear war . 
  not quite . 
  the general plan that the urss drafted for the invasion of western europe consisted essentially of [ a huge invasion force spearheading through a valley ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fulda_gap ) , which would also be accompanied by a preceding volley of nuclear launches by the soviets . 
  faced with that scenario , the best option available to stop that advance would be to neutralize the soviet invasion force by employing nuclear weapons where they would be concentrated : on that valley . 
  this was the necessary move to gain enough time to mobilize and reorganize nato firstly within europe , and ultimately get themselves moving to fight the third world war . 
   because they sold spain 's sovereignty and pissed in his honor and that 's the 2 things you have to do to be treason that 's precisely what podemos has done by accepting their mission of being iran and venezuela 's lapdog in spain . 
   corbyn is off in his own little world . 
  as he was elected as the leader of the british labour party , that little world is also of the majority of labour party supporters . 
  quite right , and podemos is particularly egregious in this regard , as it was also caught being funded by venezuela 's regime . 
   if your opinion correlates with another does n't mean you 're a shill that is true , but it does n't mean you 're being played as [ a useful idiot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) . 
  hence , russia spending their resources to raise the volume on the megaphone held by these useful idiots . 
   well , its a spectrum , but russia is financing right wing / nationalist parties across the board through europe . 
  actually , russia is financing any organization that can play a role in destabilizing any pro-eu sentiment within any member-state . 
  right-wing parties are prone to serve as useful idiots in this regard as they promise to offer the most returns ( throwing shit at any fan , populist propaganda ) for the same investment . 
   is a sure way to make people love you . 
  love was n't the reason why russia invaded crimea , and it wo n't be what will force russia to hand it back . 
   do you really think the illegal immigrants are not doing anything to enrage the locals no , i do not . 
  what i do know is that there are so called `` calais activists '' who already have a long history of organizing propaganda-minded protests where they use and abuse the illegal immigrants in calais to try to advance their personal political goals . 
  i 'm referring to idiotic political actions [ such as this one ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11791987/calais-migrants-bemused-by-demo-calling-for-britain-to-open-its-borders-to-all.html ) . 
   imf is a criminal organization .
