  the municipality of pedr\u00f3g\u00e3o grande even included a map in its urban plan stating that the whole municipality was in extreme danger of experiencing a massive forest fire , and yet it failed to even enforce the mandatory 50m safety clearance between houses and forest area . 
  it 's absurd to even single out an entire tree genus as the culprit of a major disaster when the problem is clearly caused by the systematic failure of an entire political regime to tackle such a fundamental safety issue affecting an entire nation . 
   well eucalyptus is native to australia , not portugal . 
  the forest fire problem has absolutely nothing to do with eucalyptus forests . 
  that 's a pathetic scapegoat that has been pushed around to try to divert attention from the political problem and in the process vilify private companies and private ownership of rural property . 
  meanwhile , virtually every single expert in forest fires in portugal already stated quite clearly that forest fires are only a problem in portugal because portugal acts as a failed state in providing no answer to the known problems that enable massive forest fires . 
  in fact , the recent 64 deaths in a forest fire took place in a national roadway which for years received absolutely no cleaning or maintenance to the point that trees grew in the roadside in spite of , by law , roads must be kept cleared of any vegetable mass to at least 7 or 8 meters off the roadside . 
   we bought 5 fucking planes for this . 
  those military transport planes were not purchased to perform fire-fighting missions , nor can they perform any fire-fighting mission . 
  that order was just a formality enacted by the current government to finalize a deal that took over a decade to implement , which even included setting up a factory to assemble parts of the plane . 
  that announcement regarding fire-fighting missions was pure propaganda intended to fool people into beliveing that the current government did anything , although it decided to do absolutely nothing at all . 
  that 's how propaganda works . 
   buy some planes planes do absolutely nothing to contain , let alone control forest fires . 
  their main value is to put on a public show to create the illusion that something is being done to fight a raging fire , thus protecting politicians in charge from any political backlash caused by the feeling of helplessness . 
   what changes you propose ? 
  for the past month , numerous experts in forest fires , including representatives of state commissions , have already stated quite thoroughly what should be done by the government of portugal to limit or even erradicate these forrest fires , and in fact how little it would cost and how much money it would save by implementing even minor reforms . 
  case in point : [ expert accuses government of lacking courage to enact spacial planning reforms ( article in portuguese ) ] ( http://www.dn.pt/lusa/interior/incendios-perito-acusa-legislador-de-falta-de-coragem-para-ordenar-floresta-8640556.html ) the problem plaguing portugal is purely political . 
  we have a myriad of experts in forest fires and urban planning precisely stating exactly what should and could be done by the portuguese state to eliminate these problems , but the current portuguese government has been politicallly invested in disregarding any educated opinion , including those of state expert commissions , and instead took the political decision of doing absolutely nothing . 
  neither the current acting government nor parliament pay any attention to the expert 's findings , some of which have been continuously warning about the impending problem for years . 
  the current state of affairs has reached such levels of absurdity that the current acting government decided to paint the purchase of 5 military transport planes that has been planned by the state of portugal for over a decade as being a political measure intended to fight forest fires , when the planes do not serve in firefighting missions . 
  that 's why portugal is burning : because over the last four decades politicians , although well aware of the problem and their solutions , are personally invested in doing absolutely nothing . 
   wowwww , 2.5 euros per day ? 
  what a crime . 
  how much do the entitled `` locals '' pay for their stay ? 
  zero ? 
  how can you possibly claim that `` recognizing bias '' is evena remotely sound hypothesis when you 're actively engaged in censoring any facts , figures and opinions that an economist may have on the current state of a specific economy ? 
  you 're fooling yourself if you believe that your prejudice and ad hominem attacks have any rational basis . 
  that 's obviously not it , as their nationality is being used as the single excuse to avoid even checking out what their position actually is and simply disregard their opinion altogether . 
  i mean , heavens forbid that economists who understand the economy of germany actually have anything to say about germany 's economy . 
  let 's , instead , listen to the likes of trump , because the us economy is so healthy and well managed and a clueless politician has more insightful things to say about germany 's economy . 
  tourists are charged a hefty fee for the privilege of passing through the city . 
  in case of barcelona , we 're talking about a tax that charges each tourist as much as 2.5 $ ** per day ** just for the right of being there . 
  just by that fact alone , tourists have as much rights , if not more , to be there as permanent residents . 
  then there 's the fact that tourists are being charged to provide revenue for local governments to improve living conditions throughout their territory . 
   let me guess , german economists do n't agree ? 
  so , let 's ignore all the facts and the data provided by economists arguing in favour of a position . 
  why ? 
  because of their nationality . 
  ad hominem must trump facts , i guess . 
   not only for the local but also for the environment ( see barcelona 's beach at the end of august ) that 's a very poor example , imho . 
  barcelona 's beaches are quite small and they are right in the downtown/city center of a massive city . 
  people flock to the beaches only in the peak of summer . 
  therefore , with or without tourists you 're referring to the only time of year where people go to the beach . 
  pinning all problems on tourists is is n't exactly fair . 
  that would be like pointing out that camp nou is a mess after any champions league game , and proceeding to pin the blame on the massive influx of foreigners that watch the game . 
   actually you 're but one of its many inhabitants , some of whom run tourist related business and pay a whole lot of tax as a result . 
  that 's an excellent point . 
  according to wikipedia , venice has a population of around 260k , while the article mentions that only about 2k participated in the protest . 
  that 's less than 1 % of the entire population . 
  furthermore , another newspiece linked in the article mentioned that the estimated 2k protesters already included the participation of 45 protest groups . 
  when we watch the official cherry-picked [ video coverage of the protest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=43&amp;v=kmsmn1gd0hq ) , it 's patently clear that this was an initiative by very vocal but residual militant groups . 
  their opinion should be respected , but the opinion of an insignificant minority should not be held as representative just because the militant groups scream a lot and invest a lot of resources marketing themselves . 
  nobody asked me if i wanted to see my hometown become infested with tourists . 
  i   ( ... )   tourists feel fucking entitled oh , that 's rich . 
  unintentional comedy . 
   considering no spanish government of recent history has showed the slightest interest for r&d . spain has been experiencing an economic meltdown since the inception of the world financial crisis , and has been dealing with a  25 % unemployment rate for years . 
  i 'm sure that spending loads of cash on research grants that have a marginal effect on the economy is low on the nation 's priorities , as they can spend the same budget on other public spending programs that help far more spaniards . 
   it is embarrassing to everyone involved and does not belong in a scientific journal . 
  if kissing up to financial backers to thank them for their support belongs in scientific journals , i do n't see why criticism for the lack of support should be censored off . 
  the problem is worse than that . 
  for people working in r&d , every single cent spent on r&d is automatically defended as being vital spending but also grossly insufficient , no matter how many research institutions are created and how many projects are funded , or even how irrelevant and unjustified the current research projects are . 
  this problem becomes progressively worse as investment grows , because the number of researchers also increase with the amount of work being financed . 
  due to the short-lived and unsustainable nature of the job this means the number of critical voices is also bound to increase . 
  this creates a scenario where the people in charge of deciding the research budgets are compelled to cut their losses due to the amount of resources being wasted in inconsequential research which could be invested in public investment projects which are more politically friendly and directly improve the lives of far more citizens , accompanied by the people whose livelihood depends on the research budget being compelled to demand increases in spending to not only ensure their livelihood but also to increase their standing and improve their metrics . 
  we should keep in mind that some lab equipment costs more tax money than some social housing projects , and salaries in research institutions are higher than the average national salary . 
  government officials are well aware of this fact , as they are well aware that some investments in research work essentially as expensive social programs custom-tailored to cater to a small percentage of the population which is highly educated . 
   also speaks volumes about the state of research in spain ... 
  it worries me more the amount of papers who have more authors than pages . 
   especially when its contaminated with medicine not fit for human consumption free meds with the purchase of a fat , juicy steak ? 
  sounds better than some health insurance policies . 
   tolerant liberals do n't care about skin color or ancestry you know . 
  ... unless the person happens to be a certain shade of orange , and does n't cater to their political whims . 
  in that case , the authoritarian national front side of some of those tolerant liberals starts to show really fast . 
  flattering . 
   the logo of the tax agency . 
  so , the tax agency 's logo is a vortex created by a sink hole . 
  how appropriate . 
   i 'll give you a hint to what i mean : anarcho-capitalism . 
    go ahead , i 'm sure you 'll find out by yourself . 
  i 'm not sure you are aware of how high must the level cognitive dissonance be for someone to think , let alone say in public , what you just said . 
  if you believe that property is `` a core concept '' of anarchism then you do n't even know what anarchism means . 
  and apple says that macbooks are n't pcs , when you look at the hardware you see x86 cpus from intel running on ibm pc-compatible motherboards . 
  it is what it is , even if you claim that someone said it was n't . 
   anarchocapitalism is not anarchism the only minor difference between anarcho-capitalism and other anarchism variants is that anarcho-capitalism recognizes the right to private property . 
  that 's it . 
  you have to pull the whole [ no true scotsman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) deck of cards to be able to make any claim on how anarcho-capitalism is n't anarchism . 
   it made hamburg look like a failed state . 
  no , it only made these anarchists look like uncivilized spoiled brats who insist in breaking stuff and causing all sort of mess just because they believe they are so entitled that the world needs to meet their absurd demand , or else they have the right to destroy it . 
  clearly . 
  or do you actually have any basis for your claim that education is `` the worst thing he did '' ? 
  it 's so true that you decided to ignore all the facts and instead simply reverberate baseless assertions . 
   protecting colonists that wanted to keep slavery going then there 's the annoying fact that virtually all leaders of portuguese africa 's independence movements were all highly educated individuals which studied in top portuguese universities , with the notable exception of angola 's jos\u00e9 eduardo dos santos who studied in the soviet union . 
  after all , nothing screams slavery more than enrolling in coimbra 's medical school . 
   and a budget so lopsided almost 50 % of it was for the fucking war i believe that the only nation in the entire history of the world that remains economically healthy while actively engaged in a war is the us . 
  fighting a war obviously drains the nation 's resources . 
  however , this problem was indeed caused by the estado novo regime . 
  the dictatorship refused to even engage in political talks with insurgency groups and their backers to find a political solution for a political problem . 
  ultimately , this was precisely the reason why the estado novo regime died off , as the carnation revolution was motivated mainly by the fact that marcello caetano , after being informed that the war in guinea was unwinnable ( the portuguese armed forces were actually fighting a war against the republic of guinea and the soviet union ) stated essentially that the armed forces should keep fighting an unwinnable war until their eventual loss , with all the death and bloodbath that goes with it , just because the political leaders wanted to avoid a political loss . 
  faced with that decision , the armed forces personnel involved in the war in guinea tried to overthrow the estado novo regime twice , until they succeeded in april 24th 1974 . 
   the colonies were much more lax than the main country dude .
