  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror_%28spain%29 somehow , i 'm sure communist dictators and people associated with communism and communist dictatorships wo n't be covered by this whitewashing . 
  can you point any example of domestic terrorism in europe , and compare with the number of terror attacks and interventions motivated by islamic terrorism ? 
  because i suspect that the ira or eta are n't posing the same threat level by far , particularly in switzerland . 
   not elected . 
  appointed by a parliament that was previously elected . 
  just like in spain . 
  and let 's not forget that the members of parliament are representing the italian people . 
  these claims that any form of democracy other than direct democracy is somehow not democratic is becoming rather tiring and silly . 
  the people making these claims should simply state what they actually want to say : that appointing any candidate other than the one they 've personally chosen is somehow not fair . 
   i guess the ira and the basque nationalist movement never happened . 
  i assume that the odds of the ira or eta launching a terror attack in switzerland are a tad lower than a fake asylum seeker doing the same thing . 
  heck , how many times in the last 5 years have ira or eta lanched a terror attack anywhere in the world ? 
   the americans trashed the south in their civil war when did that happened ? 
  because communism kept scarring these nations until the 1990s . 
  a large number of people living in those countries right now happen to have experienced communism first-hand . 
   however , it is true to say that austerity is seen in places where it hurt the economy as a tool of the creditors . 
  from a macroeconomic pov it works to enforce trade and current account surpluses in creditor states at the price of contraction in debtor states . 
  what exactly leads you to believe that putting a stop on debt increases and balancing the books so that a state ceases to be dependent on creditors is something that serves the creditors ' interests ? 
  it seems to me that it actually serves the nation 's interests , do n't you agree ? 
  i mean , is n't austerity unavoidable in bankrupted nations with decreasing access to affordable credit ? 
  these blind and baseless complains about everything labeled as `` austerity '' would make sense if there was a never-ending source of cash to bankroll high spending levels . 
  but what about reality , where cash is scarce ? 
   no they are n't , they 're bare unit costs you quoted . 
  how exactly are you able to make such an assertion if you do n't even know where those numbers were taken ? 
  you 're desperately trying to force your baseless assertions . 
   about three point one four tea river that 's weirdly specific . 
  sounds like pi river ? 
  they are n't the bare unit costs . 
  they are the unit costs , which represent the whole cost of equipping the nation with those systems ( including training , maintenance , infrastructure , etc ) divided by the number of units that are actually operated . 
  the reason why these costs vary is because different deals are brokered . 
  meanwhile , the f-35 is repeatedly presented as a far more expensive option . 
   we need that extra survivability to be able to use our air-launched cruise missiles effectively on russian high value targets . 
  it seems that the f-35 costs around 100m $ a pop . 
  the rafale costs about 70m $ . 
  the super hornet costs 60m $ . 
  the gripen costs between 30m $ and 60m $ . 
  survivability is important , but the cost/benefit ratio says that all other alternatives should give finland between 60 % and 200 % the capability for the same cost . 
  for example , will finland be better off operating a single f35 or , for the same cost , operating 3 gripen ? 
  that , assuming that the f35 actually performs adequately as a fighter , which supposedly it does not . 
  it did n't , but all the cool kids complain that merkel is evil incarnate and responsible for all problems in the world . 
  therefore , merkel must 've done something , right ? 
  otherwise , what else would anarchists and socialists from pigs nations have in common to complain about ? 
   why does reddit have a fetish for stiglitz ? 
  stiglitz plays the role of an authoritarian source in attempts to pass [ arguments from authority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority ) to attack any sound fiscal policy targeting european economic woes . 
  in short , he 's an economist , he was awarded the nobel prize in economics ( in a field that 's unrelated to macroeconomics and fiscal policy , but that seems to be irrelevant ) , and he is very vocal and loves the limelight . 
  therefore , anti-establishment types love to drop stiglitz ' name and sometimes even quotes to try to support their assertions . 
   well that 's exactly what austerity is : a set of economic policies aimed at keeping the budget deficit below the 3 % threshold imposed by the eu . 
  so we have been very good at it  i see you tried moving the goal post again . 
  let 's face the facts : running large deficits for decades is not austerity . 
  piling debt is not austerity . 
  refusing to cut spending to refrain from worsening the financial situation is n't austerity . 
  it 's the exact opposite of austerity . 
  it 's simply bad economic policy . 
  i really hope that those trying to quote keynes as the answer to all problems should really learn what keynesian economics actually mean , particularly the bit about active fiscal policy and kenesian counter cycle policies . 
   it 's pretty damn obvious that they 're making smugglers jobs easier and more attractive . 
  actually , they are human traffickers themselves , as they actively cooperate with smugglers to take over the transportation across most of the mediterranean route . 
   ... and found legal grounds to do so what we 're seeing here is nothing more than a cardinal richelieu thing . 
  `` if one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man , i would find something in them to have him hanged . '', 
  well , greece 's establishment managed to find minor procedural issues to hold on to . 
   caesar 's wife must be above suspicion . 
  being targeted by a politically-motivated persecution and a slander campaign does n't mean caesar 's wife is below suspicion . 
  it only means that roman senators feel so threatened by caesar 's wife that they try their best to get rid of her . 
   giving someone your phone number should be illegal ? 
  i like where this is going . 
  actively engaging in human trafficking , and being part of a criminal organization , tends to be frowned upon by the law . 
   basically , they are not waiting till the people drown but instantly take them on board ? 
  it 's more than that . 
  the video recorded by the italian police shows the ship operated by jugend rettet meeting precisely the same trafficker multiple times in the middle of the sea , even in the same day , to transfer people to their ship to proceed the human trafficking operation . 
  jugend rettent is doing far more than collaborating with human traffickers . 
  the ngo is actively engaged in human trafficking . 
   they did n't `` hire '' goldman sachs . 
  goldman sachs does whatever the fuck it wants . 
  so , you actually believe that goldman sachs can simply parachute itself into a capital , restructure the sovereign debt and deficit of a government without a governmente or the nation 's parliament being aware of it , and proceed to mindbend governments to pass off state budgets that implement that debt restructuring plans , and this without a single politician being aware of any of that ? 
  wow . 
  that must mean that the old `` royal family are shape-shifting alien reptilian race '' conspiracy theory must be true , because they must be a mind-bending alien race to be able to pull that off . 
  ... or , perhaps , the story you 've made up is complete bullshit . 
  i 'm sure the truth lies somewhere in the middle . 
     if you think that greece will pay its debts to germany , then you 're being naive . 
  it should be noted that nowadays the ecb is providing loans at rates that stay below inflation , and in some cases even negative interest rates , which means that lenders are expecting to lose money with these investments . 
   so the debt should have been restructured but it was indeed restructured . 
  over half of greece 's sovereign debt was pardoned off , which caused some private banks to go bankrupt . 
   and the resulting loss in confidence would have meant that greece would not have been able to borrow irresponsibly that 's precisely why the eu/ecb/imf troika are the only lenders in the whole world that still pay any attention to greece , and strangely enough are willing to provide massive soft loans way below greece 's market prices . 
  strangely enough , the eu/ecb/imf troika provides those loans and all they ask in return is that greece gets their budget under control . 
   the solution ? 
  we gave the greeks more loans and the european tax payer took the hit for the banks ... 
  the `` more loans '' were provided to avoid greece from having to slash 20 % of their state budget overnight , which would be far more catastrophic than the soft approach taken since 2010 . 
  it 's as if the main goal was to ween greece off its addiction to cheap loans that ended up bankrupting the nation and collapsing its economy . 
   except for how the creative accounting was manufactured by goldman sachs the then acting government of greece decided to hire goldman sachs to execute their own political plan to falsify greece 's accounting and hide away the nation 's debt and massive deficit , and now somehow it 's all goldman sachs ' fault . 
  it 's as if goldman sachs , or any other financial company , could simply arrive at the airport of any random nation , proceed to falsify the records of any state against the government 's wishes , and accomplish it without having anything to gain or letting any government or state official know they were there to begin with . 
  it 's a convenient story and all , but it flies in the face of reality . 
   i knew this was n't the whole story right away when reading the title . 
  that does n't explain why the sun felt a need to publish falsified reports of the ordeal . 
   there ca n't be any plants within 7 meters of a road ? 
  i 've just checked and in portugal it 's actually 10 meters off the road side , and 50 meters off any house . . 
  that argument essentially boils down to stating that dried wood burns well . 
  yet , that fails to be remotely relevant in this problem . 
  we 're talking about a scenario where we have vast forests that receive zero maintenance or even safety corridors or forest roads , where the ruling regime decided to get rid of the nation 's forest services , and where some laws have been enacted but central and local governments decide not to comply or even enforce any of them . 
  i mean , let 's look at the infamous pedr\u00f3g\u00e3o grande fire that , according to official figures , claimed 64 lives . 
  the majority of the forest fire victims died while trying to run away from the fire by escaping through the en 236-1 national road . 
  by law , the road should be kept clean , free of any vegetable growth , to at least 7 or 8 meters off the roadside , and yet pine trees enclosed the road with trees even growing right next to guard rails .
