  portugal is a deeply socialist country . 
  since the carnation revolution in the 70s , only socialist and social democrat parties have managed to elect representatives . 
  someone has to sit on the right side of the bleachers . 
  that 's the only objective meaning of `` left vs right wing '' . 
  the us was already [ intervening in the syrian conflict for a tad over a year now . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american-led_intervention_in_syria ) now russia just dropped in and told the us to fuck off , and started to bomb the hell out of the people the us was aiding . 
   lavrov lives in the same parallel universe where putin is . 
  perhaps it 's the same universe where the us just stood idly by while watching russia do whatever he wanted in syria . 
   ah , these are probably some of the humanitarian rockets sent with all the other `` humanitarian '' stuff ... russia has a long history of providing humanitarian aid in all sorts of conflicts , which includes generous examples such as [ molotov 's bread baskets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov_bread_basket ) . 
   they hold a territory the size of ukraine !, 
  they hold a desert with sparsely , non-strategic dwellings along the euphrates . 
  it seems like a large territory because it 's all desert without any population . 
  the only reason daesh `` holds territory '' is due to the fact that the real fight is between assad 's forces and the syrian rebels , which are closing into the coast and to damascus . 
  no one bothers with a bunch of daesh grunts controlling some huts near a well in the middle of the syrian desert when the civil war is brewing near the very capital of syria . 
  the only reason daesh has that presence in syria is due to the fact that every faction in the syrian civil war has better things to do than bothering with unimportant , non-strategic assets . 
   i think its more of a cost and usage issue . 
  precisely . 
  the uk spent # 1.2 bn to produce a drone that has a fraction of the capabilities of a reaper drone , which sells for 17 million a pop . 
   these stats ignore what each drone is really designed for . 
  if you are just surveying an area , you dont need to be as big as the predator . 
  you also do n't need to spend billions to end up with a far less capable tool . 
  the biggest news is that the reaper is somehow leaps and bounds beyond any competing tech . 
  if this news report has n't been commissioned by general atomics , it 's a very impressive display . 
   in fact , it 's an obvious and unavoidable result then how do you explain why in general european democracies end up electing representatives for their legislative bodies from half a dozen parties ? 
   sanders also carried on a fairly upright and honest campaign , and proved to be a person of at least reasonable personal integrity . 
  then he lost . 
  see how hillary actively tried to sabotage bernie sanders and force him out of the race with a series of smear campaigns and dirty tactics . 
  if the ruling elites take away all the relevant candidates , they are left with awful candidates that disfranchise the electorate . 
  or does anyone actually believe that the best leader and political representatives that the us is able to muster from within their ranks is people of the likes of donald trump and hillary clinton ? 
   on the bright side we should get interesting political studies on how we got here . 
  let 's see : * corrupting a democracy to force it to work as a two-party regime * enforcing a stranglehold on each party so that only the candidates chosen by the ruling elites get to run for office . 
  * artificially restrict election options to the official candidates imposed on the nation by the ruling elites , based on the assumption that no candidate gets media access and cash to validate an election campaign * hope that the electorate is unable to break from that choke-hold . 
  * in the process , disfranchise the whole nation ( or in the very least the majority , represented by the lower classes ) and limit their say to token participation on public matters , limited almost to the role of rubber-stamping choices imposed on them by the ruling elites . 
  once a black swan event , such as trump , pops up and succeeds in using the corrupt system to his favour , this happens . 
   not in parliament but it 's pretty consistent in the street rhetoric . 
  it 's not shocking when it boils over . 
  podemos ' thugs even accused psoe 's leadership of being fascists . 
  to podemos , it seems everyone is a fascist . 
  well , oddly enough with the notable exception of those who bankroll podemos , such as venezuela 's dictatorship or the iranian regime . 
  says you . 
  you somehow assumed that this outcome has n't been discussed , or anticipated , by all elected parties . 
   as he is slowly drifting off into being irrelevant so , what 's the problem ? 
   that 's like the minimum amount of democracy needed to call the outcome fair . 
  things not going according to your personal opinion does n't make them automatically unfair . 
  the people of spain casted their vote , their representatives negotiated a government , and ultimately one was formed . 
  the same thing happened in portugal and the portuguese counterparts of psoe and podemos , as well as the portuguese communist party , managed to negotiate support to form a government , eventhough none of those parties won the election . 
  that 's democracy at work . 
  perhaps its time to take democracy seriously instead of relying on de-facto dictatorships running the show . 
   and any decision will have to be backed but at least three parties . 
  so in other words spain is finallly settling into a working democracy . 
  so , the second most-voted party in a national election decides to break an idealogical dead-lock and enable the party that won the national election to form government . 
  `` democracy is such a sham '' . 
  ok , then . 
   anti-austerity crowd ? 
  you mean almost every professional economist ? 
  please do point out who are those `` professional economists '' who advocate that overspending is n't a problem , nor should it be fixed by controlling the deficit . 
   if you cared enough to actually listen to them , you would know that they did n't say germany would be punished unless the whole financial system crashes . 
  if you paid any attention , you would be aware that germany was n't the target of those anti-austerity attacks . 
  in fact , germany 's government was actually attacked for its support of responsible public finances , including their political decision not to overspend . 
   much of the existing debt came about due to the fact that the ecb was n't allowed to be lender of last resort for two years , and that sent their interest rates skyrocketing , are you really trying to argue that greece 's incessant borrowing spree and subsequent massive debt only became a problem because a central bank was n't forced to abdicate their focus on monetary policy soon enough to start being an unending source of soft loans ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that greece 's sovereign debt is the result of taking a series of massive loans after loans throughout the years , which is something that greek governments decided to impose on the greek state out of their own political will . 
   thats mostly because this sub is dominated by anglo press and anglo press is mostly crap . 
  let 's not forget the anti-austerity crowd , who decided to vilify germany , insist that any form of spending cuts cause disastrous consequences , reducing deficits is a sure way to destroy the state , and the only people who advocate in favor of responsible spending must be colluding with some evil conspiracy theory to keep the man down . 
   also , please note that this was only 2 years before putin openly threatened to invade ukraine and georgia during the 2008 nato summit in bucharest . 
  what about romania and poland ? 
  should we mark the calendar for another invasion by putin 's regime in 2018 ? 
   was it putin that named ukrainian civil war as anti-terrorist operation or was it the ukrainian regime ? 
  [ putin accuses ukraine of plotting terrorist attacks in crimea ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/11/world/europe/putin-accuses-ukraine-of-plotting-terrorist-attacks-in-crimea.html?_r=0 ) . 
   is n't regime also a loaded word ? 
   the word `` terrorist '' is so completely overused that it 's lost almost all meaning . 
  the word is overused because its a [ loaded word ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loaded_language ) which can be used effectively to manipulate the audience . 
  putin 's regime throws it around like confetti because they desperately seek any semblance of a moral justification for their interference and out-right aggression . 
  so we see putin 's regime pulling out all the loaded language they can come up with to attack ukraine for actually not rolling over when putin and his cronies decide to invade and take over a part of ukraine 's territory . 
   it 's ukrainian forces which are ready to move out move `` out '' where ? 
  into parts of ukraine where russia is keeping under attack ? 
     and at the end of the day , so long as is inspires these attacks , are they really lying when they lay claim to them ? 
  the daesh morons are so starved for attention that they would even claim responsibility for a flat tire in a freeway if it managed to get tv coverage . 
  they inspire nothing . 
  they just lay claim to the actions of morons acting like morons . 
     sounds like the worst of both worlds tbh . 
  what 's the added utility of such a contraption ? 
  increased loiter time carrying a heavier payload at a low operational cost . 
  the article somehow misses the fact that the loan was granted to [ ford otosan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ford_otosan ) , which has n't sprung into existence after the ukip decided to divert attention away from their responsibilities on the brexit disaster . 
   the eu lent ford the money to move the factory to turkey . 
  i 'm sure you 've noticed that the article was written based exclusively on statements from ukip 's nigel farage . 
   not necessarily , many european states also fund their christian churches . 
  giving subsidies to organizations that apply for subsidies is a whole lot different than a state keeping a whole department dedicated to train and deploy religious authorities . 
   because demand  supply is not like the literal definition of `` more needed '' ? 
  not necessarily . 
  the `` more needed '' interpretation assumes that the value of the service must be kept constant and the supply must be manipulated to follow the demand at a specific level . 
  instead , the supply can ( and should ) remain as is , and the value increase to meet the demand . 
  that 's why some people pull all sort of stunts to reserve a space on the beach : because it becomes so valuable to them that pulling silly stunts suddenly becomes an acceptable way to guarantee the access to the supply . 
   however it is just generally easier and more flexible to let privates do it and collect a rent or taxes on it . 
  who owns or operates these services is entirely irrelevant . 
  local governments can put up a tax to restrict access to the beach , or fine abusive behaviors such as reserving beach spaces . 
  heck , local governments may even lease public space to someone else . 
  the key aspect is that demand is greater than the supply . 
   every time demand and supply gets out of synch people get angry at each other . 
  not really . 
  problems only arise if supply or demand are kept artificially at a specific level .
