   that 's why automation is such a big problem , because if everyone creates their products via automated means , then who is going to buy them ? 
  production is only automated if the investment is economically sound . 
  that means that the decreases in production cost enable the company to sell them at lower costs , if needed . 
  that 's essentially why some decades ago companies such as ibm were announcing that the global market for computers possibly had about half a dozen potential clients , some decades ago only middle class families could afford one , and nowadays everyone owns about half a dozen computers . 
  heck , there was already a magazine sold for about 10 $ which shipped with a fully functional computer that was being given away as a promotion . 
  that 's what you get with automation . 
  i 've just noticed / u/respect _ my_slavspace is a days-old account which has been using incessantly to troll . 
  have a good day . 
   how does it work in the rest of the eu countries ? 
  sweden has been gradually reducing their sovereign debt since the 90s , where it peaked at around 80 % gdp . 
  germany has also been reducing its sovereign debt down to the limits established by the stability and growth pact since it peaked at 81 % gdp in 2010 . 
  the trick is not to overspend , cut government spending , and plan on amortizing the nation 's debt . 
  crazy thing . 
   you do realize that every time you do that you add interest to your already existing debt right ? 
  tell that to the nations that emit debt at negative interest rates , or have been replacing expensive short-term debt with exceedingly cheap long-term debt . 
  not to mention that nowadays interest rates have been far below inflation . 
  contrary to what you 've claimed , refinancing debt can and does lead to cheaper debt , and even leads to the reduction of the overall amount owed . 
   greek people are complaining that the bailout money was not used for the good of the country but was to `` pay back debts '' . 
  it 's like [ debt refinancing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refinancing ) does n't exist . 
   how you turn a country into rubble without a single bomb being dropped . 
  easy . 
  just pile up years of double-digit deficits , rack up a massive sovereign debt , cook the books to hide the financial crater , and then just watch your country 's economy collapse due to the financial hole the long sequence of democratically elected governments created for the country . 
  the next step , of course , is to try to pin the blame on some scapegoat . 
  an evil foreigner always does the trick , particularly if somehow you can associate them with ... say ... nazis . 
   because we 've got a very long history of pp/psoe manipulating everything in order to make the competence look dirty . 
  for your conspiracy theory to hold any semblance with reality , either the transaction records are fake or they are real . 
  and i 'm yet to see anyone from podemos coming close to claim anything remotely similar with regards to the evidence collected by spain 's anti money laundering system . 
   yeah why do n't you try find a judge that agrees with you because judges are bound by the laws of their jurisdiction alone , they need to comply with each and every technicality , they are compelled to respect loopholes , complex criminality is n't simple to investigate , and they are forced to follow the output of the investigation that is possible with the limited resources at their disposal . 
  and receiving a payment for a service is n't illegal per se if the real motivation behind the money laundering scheme ca n't be proven `` beyond a shadow of a doubt '' . 
  spain 's anti-money laundering system may have uncovered series of shady payoffs between iran and podemos ' cronies through offshore accounts , but if they are laundered as a series of payments between shell corporations through offshore banks which are outside of spain 's jurisdiction and therefore are out of reach from spain 's judicial investigation ( that 's precisely why they are picked , right ? ), 
  then the only info that the judge can evaluate is that podemos ' gang was paid off for some sort of service whose details are immune from any investigation . 
  consequently , the only info on the subject is this damming evidence that iran has been caught paying off podemos through offshore accounts , which in turn is justified like all criminal organizations involved in organized crime claim : they are only honest businessmen doing honest work , and they ca n't recall any detail on questionable practices . 
  as a result , all judges have no alternative but to give up on the case . 
  this is precisely why organized crime succeeds and complex crimes involving corrupt political organizations are impervious to this sort of investigation . 
  otherwise , this sort of criminal organization would n't use this scheme . 
   i guess when your current ruling party has been exposed of taking bribes * does this mean that podemos and other corrupt political parties with ties to organized crime and foreign dictatorships get a free pass ? 
   you forget that said commission is 90 % made of old affiliates and friends of the pp and psoe even if that was true , why do you believe your conspiracy theory trumps the transaction records ? 
  i mean , either you believe these financial transactions are fabricated , or you 're trying to intentionally turn a blind eye to the facts . 
  and the truth of the matter is that some of podemos ' cronies already were compelled to resign from podemos ' leadership due to their direct involvement in illegal funding schemes involving payments from venezuela 's regime . 
   these allegations have been taken to court many times and nothing has come out of them . 
  the same can be said , and is frequently said , about any trial involving organized crime and complex criminal cases . 
  the main reason why `` nothing has come out of them '' is due to the international nature of these criminal networks , the difficulty of unraveling money laundering schemes such as the ones put together by podemos ' cronies , limited time and resources allocated for each investigation , and the loopholes these organized crime groups exploit to allege that `` technically '' they did nothing wrong or illegal , and are nothing more than honest businessmen . 
  for a very concrete example , the former prime-minister of portugal is currently being investigated for being involved in a similar criminal organization as podemos ' cronies , but instead of receiving payments from iran or venezuela he received payments from construction companies . 
  investigators already caught him receiving cash payments from the companies , loans , was hired in a fake high-paying job by a pharmaceutical company setup to launder payoffs from the construction companies , his personal chauffeur already testified he personally delivered cash payments sent between members of the organized crime network , etc etc etc. . . 
  in fact , the former prime-minister was even living in a luxury apartment belonging to the ceo of the construction company , and his ex-wife was found paying off her country estate with cash from the criminal network . 
  what does the former prime-minister say in his defense ? 
  that everything is legal , he only has very good friends who are very generous , and he and everyone around him are honest businessmen who worked for everything they have . 
  pretty much like podemos ' cronies have been saying from the start . 
  in both cases , everyone expects that `` nothing comes out '' of these cases for the exact same reasons . 
  and in both cases , the diehard supporters of each party opt to blindly believe in absurd conspiracy theories , fueled by this notion that `` nothing has come out of them '' which ignore all the technicalities and loopholes these criminal networks exploit to circumvent the judicial system , and pretty much repeat exactly what you said in your comment . 
  it looks like they have a very peculiar way of tackling rampant corruption , which involves doing the exact opposite of what they preach . 
   geez this is the millionth time this type of thing comes up before it 's unreportedly dismissed as false by some judge or something . 
  the article states that the announcement was made by spain 's very own [ anti-money laundering commission ( sepblac ) ] ( http://www.sepblac.es/espanol/home_esp.htm ) . 
  i do n't believe it makes any sense to brush aside the findings of spain 's anti-money laundering commission as mere conjectures , particularly as they provide ample evidence and list money transactions from , to and between podemo 's cronies . 
   these types of attacks from government institutions are making me believe less and less in democracy . 
  do you actually believe that it is absolutely impossible that a political party is involved in corruption cases like the one reported here , and instead you prefer to keep believing on unfounded conspiracy theories instead ? 
  i do n't believe this has much to do with being self-managed . 
  from the article , the company is managed like any run-of-the-mill private for-profit company . 
  the co-op members act as small shareholders , all decisions are made by the board , production is pushed to third-world countries to cut manufacturing cost , etc etc etc. 
  perhaps the main difference between regular private for-profit companies is the fact that the workers of this co-op were more willing to accept wage cuts , which is always depicted as a criminal suggestion with companies structured in any other way . 
   but automation in and of itself means reduction of workforce not necessarily . 
  automation means that goods may be cheaply mass-produced . 
  mass-production enables more people to afford purchasing a good that otherwise would be too expensive to purchase . 
  nowadays anyone has about half a dozen computers within their reach , while only a couple of decades ago a rudimentary computer would be sold for the same price as a used car . 
  this revolution happened due to the fact that computers became cheaper to produce due to the huge investment in automation . 
  scissors are a penny a dozen while in the not so distant past they cost over a month 's wages . 
  clothes would cost mont 's income , and fabric as well . 
  people would actually be compelled to weave their own fabric and produce their own clothes to be able to afford them . 
  but nowadays you can purchase an entire wardrobe for the same price you would pay for a stake dinner in a not so fancy restaurant . 
  all that thanks to automation . 
  even if that means hand-making scissors ceased to be a profitable activity . 
   let the poor pay if the vast majority of a country is `` poor '' , and the poor hold the bulk of the nation 's cash , where else would your government get the cash it needs to pay its overspending ? 
   we have more debt because `` restructuring '' destroyed our gdp there 's this little detail that greece had been running 10 % deficits for years , which previous governments tried to hide by forging greece 's accounting , and once greece was forced to admit it was bankrupt it had no alternative to simply stop overspending . 
  oh yeah , because he never was a leading politician in his whole life and [ never was a fan of publicity stunts . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwz1dk3lbm4 ) in fact , he did n't played his part as a tv personality to advance his political career at all . 
  no populism . 
  none at all . 
   you do n't know him , and already assumed that he is a shit person . 
  he is n't , stfu . 
  he 's right , though . 
  marcelo rebelo de sousa dedicates himself to self-promotion stunts like this one . 
  he does his best to do everything in front of a camera crew and a conveniently friendly reporter . 
   what is the path forward for greece here ? 
  would n't it have been better to declare bankruptcy and work from the bottom up ? 
  argentina suggests that that path is a whole lot worse . 
  additionally , starting over does nothing to fix greece 's underlying problems , particularly as defaulting on its debt would cut greece 's access to foreign loans . 
  you seem to be trying very hard to confuse things . 
  we 're taking about the voters , and what they actually believe and want . 
  you 're either intentionally missing the point or completely oblivious to the issue being discussed . 
  i mean , are you actually aware of the topic being discussed ? 
  the bit about gays and jews voting to push anti-immigration policies ? 
  are you still yet to understand that they do hold an opinion , but their opinion is n't dictated by a political party and instead are resorting to tactical voting to defend their personal interests ? 
  is it that hard to understand ? 
  i hope not , because otherwise there is no auto-translator to help you with that problem . 
  it may seem that way to you , but only if you miss the point . 
   like they do n't eat awesome jam\u00f3n looked at / u/coolanteater 's flair . 
  spain . 
  naturally . 
   the biggest problem with democracy imo is that the best manipulators of human emotion are the most likely to win an election , rather than the most qualified/person with the most agreeable policies that is n't a problem at all , considering that democracy is designed to maximize satisfaction instead of efficiency . 
  if the world cared for efficiency , the world would run by technocratic regimes .
