  do you not understand that people do decide where to vote based on political programs , and more often than not voters do compromise on minor issues to favor their priorities ? 
   it 's a baseless belief that anti-immigration parties tend to be anti-gay ? 
  are you illiterate ? 
  we 're talking about individual people 's beliefs . 
  blindly assuming that anyone who expresses any doubts regarding europe 's current immigration policy must be a raving anti-gay , anti-semitic fascist brownshirt is stupid , and devoid of any rational basis . 
  is it that hard to understand that a very liberal homossexual may not be at all comfortable with the idea of a sudden influx of radical anti-gay militants who advocate barbaric policies intended to target him for his identity ? 
  is it also that hard to understand that a woman may not be too keen on borders being open to droves of people who advocate that she should have no rights and whose role in society should be relegated to a glorified male servant ? 
  is it also unthinkable that a jew may not be very open to the idea of having brigades of religious extremists advocating for violence targeting him and his family ? 
   why else would they be obsessed with homosexuality ? 
  fabricating a common enemy has always been an effective tool to mobilize and manipulate your followers . 
  precisely . 
  radical islam is as fascist as it gets nowadays , from the cultural/racial supremacy view to the expansionist agenda . 
   there is not a single anti-immigration party with progressive liberal views in my country . 
  that 's completely irrelevant . 
  political parties do n't dictate what the people want or what their thoughts are on any specific issue . 
  in fact , lack of democratic representativeness is a well known problem , as is the political party 's detachment from the mass public . 
   they may be making a poltical statement in the hopes that the left moves towards the centre in order to regain some voters lost to the right . 
  i perhaps it 's time to face the facts and acknowledge that all issues ca n't be neatly classified in a `` left '' vs `` right '' false dichotomy . 
  i mean , perhaps a liberal homossexual does n't want people from a violent gay-hostile culture to drop anchor on their country and start to eat away their rights , or perhaps a jew does n't want foreign antisemitic mobs move next door . 
   because the far right tends to include that ? 
  you failed to anwer the question . 
  instead , you 've just repeated the same baseless belief . 
  do you actually believe that anyone who has any doubts regarding the current immigration policies in europe is automatically antisemitic and racist as well ? 
  it 's quite possible that some people actually do n't want their borders to be unconditionally open to people who are not only antisemitic and anti-gay but they also follow a very authoritarian belief system . 
   voting for the same people with the views closest to those you do n't want in the country seems counter productive . 
  why do you assume that anyone who is anti-immigration is automatically also anti-gay or anti-jews ? 
   that was before he was ever elected though . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  the discussion is on podemos ' so-called salary limits , and the fact that the people in charge of podemos are in fact one of the richest politicians in spain . 
  setting symbolic limits on the salary of someone who is quite possibly already a millionaire is a weak attempt to pull the proverbial wool over spain 's eyes . 
   podemos in spain limits their salary to three times the minimum wage is n't podemos led by a man who [ had 700.000 $ spread over multiple bank accounts ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/02/10/inenglish/1423576216_801266.html ) ? 
   desired maximum . 
  desired by who ? 
   except he got caught also known as having conclusive , solid evidence of his plots and motivations . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you believe that this future agreement is magic and has an retroactive effects on the greek economy ? 
   how do you guys feel about that ? 
  feels like ensuring freedom . 
  thank you for your service . 
  sounds like an effective way to lose an arm as well . 
   i blame the tsipras goverment for plenty , however they have been saying that the debt is unpayable in its entirety from the beginning . 
  ... and now they 're saying it while ramping up discretionary spending on unplanned and unexpected measures just as a populist propaganda gimmick . 
  i can see how all other eu member-states might be in disbelief regarding greece 's inability to pay off their debt , or inthe very least stop perpetrating the same type of fraud which past greek governments used to cook their books and hide their debt . 
  if you 're begging for money , a semblance of honesty is the very least that 's expected of you . 
  failing to meet that requirement does n't magically shift the responsibility of not getting your handouts onto someone else . 
   greece did n't `` intentionally break their promise '' . 
  the state income overperformed projections this is clearly bullshit . 
  i mean , syriza 's government is on the negotiating table complaining that its sovereign debt is too high and at the same time finding ways to increase its debt by ramping up spending because `` the state income overperformed '' ? 
  where do you come up with this bullshit ? 
  i mean , are you seriously trying to claim that syriza is simultaneously spending away their new found riches because they are flushed with cash , and begging for help because somehow they do n't have the cash to pay off what they owe ? 
  if you 're complaining you 're bankrupt , you do n't go on a spending spree in front of your creditors , lie to their face , and still expect a big payoff . 
  after all , the people on the other side of the negotiating table are sovereign governments as well , all of which would love to spend their own cash on populist gimmicks . 
   however i still think the overall situation is absurd and that it 's not sound economics for an entity to control a country to this extent . 
  greece went bankrupt and begged other european member-states to bankroll their recovery . 
  those european member-states agreed , provided that greece actually balanced their books , complied with their national budgets , and actually tried to fix greece 's finantial problems . 
  except that , as syriza 's government did in this instance , they intentionally break their promise and start to overspend on a whim without making any effort to compensate their overspending . 
  so , why should all other european member-states respect the agreement that greece begged for if they intentionally and consciously violate it on a whim ? 
   they just canceled debt relief because greece decided to spend their taxes on the poorest pensions instead of on the unemployed . 
  this is patently bullshit . 
  debt relief talks were canceled because syriza 's government decided to throw a balanced budget out the window . 
  syriza 's government decided on a whim to throw away the budget they created themselves and promised they would follow , by spending the cash they do n't have and did n't planned on having on populist policies without any compensation . 
  if syriza 's government instead decided to increase their spending on pensions by balancing their spending elsewhere , nothing would happen . 
  but no . 
  they threw their budget out of the window , decided to ramp up discretionary spending just to feed their populist needs , and somehow all other member-states should just foot the bill . 
  yeah , it must be the eu 's fault . 
   is ruled by insanely corrupted tyrant in the other side was n't a model democrat either . 
   france being of course inhospitable for most life forms or minerals , the migrants will eventually evaporate under the extreme conditions . 
  ah , that must be the final [ solution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solution ) everyone was talking about a while back . 
   to keep the immigrants inside ? 
  i guess he must 've read the instructions upside-down . 
  i get that problem all the time when i try to plug usb cables . 
   but isnt that true for any label ? 
  liberal , leftist , alt-right . 
  yes , it is . 
   humanity has a strong affinity to put anything into a box , to make the world easier to understand these labels serve a different purpose : avoid discussing and debating the issues , and divert attacks to strawmen arguments based on tribalism and political allegiances of that moment . 
   apparently that makes me a part of some powerful neonazi organisation now ? 
  if you ever disagree with the established socialist/communist narrative , of course it does . 
  that 's precisely the purpose of the alt right label . 
   so its bullshit ? 
  yes , from day 1 . 
   nobody knows who the `` alt-right '' is because it doesnt exist ? 
  it exists only as a label to use as a blanket statement in ad hominem and strawman arguments . 
  and anyone who disagrees with me is a raving uneducated racist . 
  see how it works ? 
  i would say more : it 's a stupid angle . 
  spain runs on the same time zone as france , poland and sweden . 
  is it because of franco as well ? 
   but german banks gave out money they gave nothing . 
  a sovereign nation with apparently balanced book-keeping asked for loans , and they received . 
  later , the world learned that greece has been falsifying their books for years . 
  if someone falls for a con job , the victim is n't the one to blame . 
  even so , it 's stupid to pin the blame of greece 's structural overspending on the existence of a banking sector , and the silliness is compounded by the assumption that greece 's mismanagement of the state 's structural deficit is caused by giving greek governments the money they borrowed over time . 
   i do n't know ... but somehow you 're eager to dismiss the only possible option as `` pure evil '' . 
   but i would not personally have lent them any money that does absolutely nothing to solve greece 's problem of overspending its tax revenue . 
  yet , you 're quick to point how cutting spending to balance the books is somehow `` pure evil '' . 
   germany 's austerity is pure evil . 
  how would you tackle greece 's double-digits deficit , which greek governments tried to hide by cooking the state 's books , in a time when no one in the world was willing to lend greece any more money ? 
   nothing more patriotic than murdering millions of your own civilians . 
  please do tell who exactly in franco 's regime murdered millions of their own civilians . 
  oddly enough , the communists fighting in the spanish civil war managed to assassinate tens of thousands of civilians just because communism .
