what about a preemptive strike . 
  maybe some nukes on moscow as a warning shot . 
  if your your parents are from different countries you can keep both passports in germany . 
  germany will never devaluate its currency . 
  a constant inflation rate around 2 % has always been the first condition for germany to join the euro . 
  many countries like spain and greece also benefited from less fluctuation in the exchange rate and used it to lend a lot of money which lead to a lot of dept. 
  do you suggest that now the inflation should increase so that the south of europe can decrease their dept ? 
  it says in the second sentence of the article : `` the madrid train bombings in march 2004 left 191 people dead . '', 
  but germany has / had east-germany, 
  never in my life have i seen any women wear a `` burkini '' . 
  how commen are they in the cannes area ? 
  many rich arabs spending hollidays in france ? 
  why is denmark relativly low ? 
  i could need some of this stuff . 
  the weed my friends in berlin smoke is just way too strong for me . 
  when i went to brazil people where smoking weed which was way more relaxing especially for people who do not smoke regularly . 
  love those bmw police bikes in the first picture !, 
  so what about estonia ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  but i believe it is save to say that the usa and the uk helped destabalizing iraq . 
  if every world leader is in your opinion a failure you might want to think about if it is acually them or if it might be you who has the problems . 
  so in your opinion the dutch have a positive trade balance due to the rotterdam harbour ? 
  this sounds very wrong . 
  products produced in germany and shiped to china via rotterdam should not count as a dutch export . 
  but i just googled a bit and found this article which agrees with your point : https://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/news/2015/29/netherlands-has-the-seventh-largest-trade-surplus-in-the-world interesting i did not know this . 
  yes make germany great again !, 
  and you know what i mean with great . 
  ( looking at you poland ), 
  in germany we do n't joke . 
  hey , i feel that we should critique is always welcome . 
  but certain people just always criticize specific type of religion / people . 
  my post is on purpose a little bit controversial to make a point . 
  i 'm still more afraid of the average polish drunk . 
  i also like how poland joined the usa in their war against iraq and fucked up the country without and good reason . 
  a war that costed probably more than a half million people . 
  they agree to fight some country 100s of km away but when the conflict comes to them they are too scared . 
  sorry but i have no idea what you are trying to tell us . 
  have you tried it ? 
  no they do n't . 
  there are 3 different types : garlic , spicy and herb . 
  i have never seen curry in 30 years . 
  why phobia ? 
  maybe there are many other reasons to decide against nuclear energy . 
  not just the safty issue . 
  ** renewables !, 
  did you sleep the last 10 years ? 
  make ^ coal ^ great ^ again ^ and ^ maybe ^ renewables, 
  no ! ^ thank ^ you ^ very ^ much, 
  boooooam !, 
  could you explain what she did that makes you want to leave the eu ? 
  but turin is not a southern european city . 
  i love how you get downvoted for that . 
  so sad what this subreddit has become ... no idea what some people believe . . like you could just put all the people in a plane a send them straight back to al-raqqah . 
  so what happens during the two weeks ? 
  go listen to your abba heros but leave us alone you dam swede !, 
  okay i do n't understand what being in nato has to do with the fact that the poles helped significantly destabilize the region in the iraq war . 
  i guess the people in iraq should be more scared of the poles than you should be scared of some refugees . 
  its also funny that the poles are the ones fleeing their own country to work in the west but are not willing to accept any foreigners themself . 
  i always love when the poles complain about the refugees after they started fucking up the iraq with their american friends . 
  constantly crying for help because they are afraid of russia and enjoying eu benefits but when it comes about helping people which are in need they act like it is not their concern . 
  sorry , but i 'm just so sick of people posting stuff in / r/europe before starting to read / think . 
  do you consider the poem as satire ? 
  i just think it is racist . 
  yes i like it gold but since usually this ugly mustard yellow is used it just looks not as cool . 
  why germany ? 
  never likes our flag very much . 
  nuclear is not cheap . 
  and wind and pv are alternatives . 
  beer, 
  this is what people do that did not get enough love in their childhood . 
  hey that was a very well written commend which i appreciate . 
  however , my comment was more about it getting boring to read a ww2 joke in every discussion about germany . 
  i mean i like to make fun of germany / nazis but i personally believe that it was a quite lame comparison ( and i believe your comment was hinting at ww1 / ww2 ) . 
  its just that there is a certain recipe how to get a lot of karma on reddit . 
  in posts which deal about germany the recipe that will grand you the most karma is making a quick nazi joke . 
  as a german i do of cause click more often on german related contend and believe me i 'm just getting tired even though these jokes might have been funny in the beginning . 
  however your comment is 1 right know so maybe its just my lame german humor . 
  `` america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests '' henry kissinger . 
  okay do you want to add any insights to the the discussion or do you try to be funny because if this is the case you failed . 
  yes , the nato has not been involved in the korea war or the war in iraq . 
  also i believe the nato is not active in the fight against the is . 
  this is also why i find the title a little confusing because it implies a `` trade '' of military help . 
  however , nato is not even involved in syria in the fight against is . 
  what have korea and iraq to do with nato ? 
   this is a perfect example of why poland will never die . 
  i do n't know . 
  i believe poland can die . 
  however , poland is like a phoenix that will rise again and is constantly reborn . 
  these two guys are heads of the central banks and not politician . 
  their job is the safty of the euro and the money supply in the euro area . 
  why would they push for : `` a centralized identity , an hymn , an actual european constitution , a well structured form of government suited to an actual confederation , more democratic participation from the european citizens '' ? 
  the deutsche bundesbank was the first central bank to be given full independence , leading this form of central bank to be referred to as the bundesbank model , as opposed , for instance , to the new zealand model , which has a goal ( i.e. 
  inflation target ) set by the government . 
  i do n't understand why you are so critical . 
  its just two guys which are working in the finance field who are thinking about possible solutions to a problem . 
  tegel is an awsome airport !, 
  you drive with your car to the gate and need maybe 7 meters to the check in and than maybe 20 more meters to the airplane . 
  very easy to pick up people . 
  also you can come really late and do not need to walk trough a whole shoppingcenter with overpriced crap . 
  the problem is that the airport is very inefficient and labour intensive because every gate needs its own security check ... and it is getting way to small .
