it is very easy to avoid getting drafted in norway . 
  you will often be let off by telling them that you do n't want to . 
  the military has no wish to draft people who absolutely do n't want to be drafted . 
  where did he get this bargain ? 
  shit americans say . 
  i have 7 headmates but none of them are poc :(, 
  to a certain degree this exists in norway . 
  some chicken farmers focus on exceptionally good animal welfare through organic feed , larger areas to roam , and so on . 
  this chicken tastes better in my experience . 
  it might just be placebo , though , because professional chefs always tell us it is supposed to taste better . 
  the nationalism aspect is limited , though . 
  there was recently a huge marketing projected which advertised argentinian meat products . 
  they were advertised as being healthy and organic and so on . 
  norwegian sheep and fish definitely has more nationalism connected to it than others , because of history and tradition . 
  all in all , there is a bigger focus on animal welfare than national identity , although national identity is sometimes used . 
  some people want ( and rightly so ) to buy local meat because of environmental reasons . 
  i 've watched a lot of stand-up on bbc `` live at the apollo '' . 
  a lot of american stand-up videos are also often upvoted on reddit . 
  i enjoy the self deprecating style of english comedians a lot , contrasting the ( in my opinion ) very loud , swearing american comedians . 
  the fact that his analysis might be wrong does n't bother me the least . 
  i still had fun . 
  i was simply trying to get a discussion going on whether the analysis was correct or not , because it might be correct . 
  i meant that he tried to link free healthcare with lots of fighting . 
  i have no doubt in my mind that englishmen fancy a little brawl . 
  while i usually find european comedians funnier than americans , this guy was alright . 
  the `` do n't beat up ambulance drivers '' - thing was great . 
  we receive free healthcare in norway too , but there is little fighting where i live ( also norway ) . 
  i would disagree with the point of the video . 
  it is not unlikely that it would be old people , because members of royal families rarely die at a young age . 
  thus , newly crowned kings or queens ( or most prominent pretender ) would often be 50 + years old . 
  it is not unlikely for it to be white people , because very few members of european royal houses are not ethnically european . 
  it might be unlikely that they are only men . 
  teachers in norway have holidays when their pupils have holidays . 
  3 whole months of summer holiday ? 
  do schools there really give their pupils 12 weeks off during summer ? 
  right-wing norwegians on my facebook do not take lightly on this decision . 
  `` he fucked up norway for 8 years and now this pussy gets a promotion '' i hope he will do a good job . 
  hurra !, 
  just accept the burn . 
  romania is part of the eu . 
  a lot of emphasis was put on how the building and improvement of roads is very slow in norway , while better roads are being built fast in albania . 
  in the larger counties of norway , many roads are often in a state of disrepair because they are remote . 
  the cold climate and soil also makes it difficult to construct roads fast . 
  i think the article was proven wrong at some point . 
  a team of norwegian journalists recently visited to write an article on how the roads down there being better than norwegian roads . 
  this was printed in norwegian newspapers to show that our roads are * really * shit . 
  just read an article on the norwegian subreddit / r/norge about people who were addicted to pepsi max and other cola-related products . 
  one man would get withdrawal symptoms without his daily 6 litres . 
  that was my baader-meinhof phenomenon for today . 
  kurdistan as a country could sound like a really good idea . 
  your second idea , on the other hand , is backwards . 
  industrial tomatoes are particularily shit . 
  the obesity of the uk is not due to take-out , but rather because of processed frozen food . 
  now it is listed classified as jewelry . 
  you are over-estimating the number of calories burnt by exercise . 
  can you tell us a little bit about yuor experience ? 
  you can impregnate neither chips nor fish . 
  yet not one picture shows cheap alcohol - the main reason to go there . 
  i do hope this opinion is mostly popular with fanatics . 
  can you expand on this comment ? 
  i 'd like to hear more about this . 
  that is a coincidence . 
  [ anton aus tirol ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x14tf7_dj-otzi-anton-aus-tirol_music ), 
  become a muslim , and then a hindu . 
  my answer to you is tounge-in-cheek and it seems that the point did not reach you . 
  i try again : this is not my argument . 
  it is the argument of you and the guy you originally answered to . 
  your quoted sentence is not meant to be taken seriously , but rather to fuck with your absolute disregard of my original comment and its purpose . 
  i am not discussing with you . 
  i am trying to clarify the discussion between you and the person you first answered to . 
  are you done now ? 
  i am not involved in this discussion and even if i were , i would not defend those who attack ambulances . 
  go somewhere else if you want to troll . 
  what are you trying to get out of this ? 
  this is not our argument - it is / u/kopian and yours . 
  if you 're trying to get my opinion on immigration , i could tell you that i am in favour of it because i like eating food from different countries and learning about every other aspect of other countries . 
  we can learn from bad policies of integration and make better methods of integration for the future . 
  the person you are replying to never discussed whether is acceptable or not . 
  he said it was an overstatement , which it is . 
  he also said he found the actual situation sad . 
  in many khanates , the title of khan is hereditary . 
  your post has the correct conclusion - the title of khan was borrowed because it was different from the native word . 
  yet , your reason for drawing this conclusion - how hereditary the title is - has no sources . 
  if you could provide a source that the turkic peoples , from which the ottoman empire came to be , had an elected khan , i would agree . 
  if it were a hereditary khanate , your argument does n't hold . 
  in english , many monarchs have different names for their title . 
  why ? 
  i believe it comes to tradition . 
  why do the turkish people call a european king a krol ? 
  i believe it might be because they came into contact with slavs and came to use their word for king as the general word for the king of other ( relatively similar through christianity ) european countries . 
  i believe the differentiation is not due to a huge difference ( as you suggest ) in what the title is about , but rather between the cultural differences . 
  you wrote that the turkish people did n't have a name for such a position as a king . 
  i do n't quite see how the position of a khan is different from that of a king . 
  the word ` khan ' has been in turkish since before they adopted the word ` king ' . 
  your original post looks rather speculative , and could possibly convince other people that turkish has adopted the word ` kral ' because the turkish have no word for the leader of their people - which is simply not true . 
  a very good point , and i 'd still be mad if my job introduced such training . 
  hopefully such training will not be needed in 50 years . 
  you do n't need to try to convince me . 
  your first sentence is absolutely correct . 
  the worldview has to be altered , and i think that this is a good way to do it .
