  follow the thread for more information . 
  that 's irrelevant , she 's still a vucic marionet . 
  tele2 does . 
  balkans ? 
  croatia would have the gdp of serbia , but we still have less population . 
  as i said , i do n't think your post is bad , but you posted the same thing i did ( european countries ) and just subtracted the ones that are n't in the union . 
  from my perspective that looks like `` oh yeah , your european data is nice , but here 's something with * less * countries '' . 
  again , you did n't post anything wrong and i do n't think you had any intentions of ignoring non-eu countries , but it looked that way . 
  sorry if it looks like an attack on you but i assure you it is not , i 'm just a bit peeved by the overwhelming western european bias this subreddit has . 
  it is n't propaganda in this case . 
  croatia had a bad case of nazi collaboration in wwii which makes our relationship with israel delicate . 
  our foreign secretary made a slightly pro-palestinian statement the other day which got a harsh reaction from israel after which we solidified our abstaining vote . 
  as i see it this vote does n't have anything to do with the eu , every country has its own reason to vote some way and it 's all about foreign policy and national interests . 
  i do n't see that a pro vote would be more or less eu than the one we made . 
  that 's why i quoted the european part , not the world , which is obviously wrong . 
  the fact is people in cities and younger than 40 speak english in most countries . 
  in my own for example , you learn english in school before age 10 , and continue to until the end of your education , which will make the population gradually more fluent . 
  i 'm not going to defend obama , but you need more than a president to change a crucial part of foreign policy that has been standing for half a century . 
  it 's not that i would n't , but krattr gave eu results and just acted like anything else does n't exist . 
  this subreddit is pro-eu ( and so am i ) but sometimes acts like europe equals eu , and the post i commented on goes by the same logic . 
  not that i think your post is bad or anything , but this is / r/europe , not / r/eu . 
  so is poland and in the end the uk , which abstained . 
  if i remember correctly , czechoslovakia used to sell weapons to israel , but that was way back . 
  because culture is tied to a language and i 'm not a fan of whole peoples becoming grey mushy beings with no identity . 
   also , if you actually travel around europe , english is utterly useless outside of scandinavia , benelux , germany , switzerland , austria , and of course the british isles . 
  [ wrong ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_european_union#knowledge ) . 
  european countries against : czech republic abstaining : albania , andorra , bosnia & herzegovina , bulgaria , croatia , estonia , germany , hungary , latvia , lithuania , monaco , montenegro , netherlands , poland , moldova , romania , san marino , slovakia , slovenia , macedonia , uk . 
  did n't vote : ukraine what is up with the czech ? 
  bullshit excuse since it does n't cost much in the first place . 
  and is n't poland doing well ? 
  radaway said there are no alternatives , while there clearly are . 
  so you 're saying economists like krugman are full of shit :, 
  do they even lift ? 
  sorry to hear that , but if the right wing ca n't handle it , then too bad . 
  and i say that for every side here . 
  the sentence does n't say the crimes did n't happen , just that marka\u010d and gotovina are n't guilty for them . 
  i 'm for punishing the guilty as much as anybody , but you 're barking at the wrong tree here . 
  not really , but the right wing loves to use the church in their favor when they feel like it . 
   for the families this is like a confirmation of knowing they did n't die in vain . 
  did serbian civilians not die in vain too ? 
  i 'm talking about bodies on both sides . 
  i 'm not gon na celebrate . 
  they are free and not guilty , but hundreds of victims on both sides still have n't seen justice , and just because gotovina and markac are n't guilty does n't mean the bodies , burned houses and refugees go away . 
  i hate this nationalist fervor . 
  the map is missing slovenia . 
  croatia , a commando force during wwii , on vis iirc . 
  in slovenia probably at the end of wwii , since the british got to austria . 
  i had no idea about the zrinski family . 
  there 's no way you can compare 2000 serbian civilians in kosovo ( and 500 in the nato bombing ) and 33 thousand bosnians , 7 thousand croats and 10 thousand albanians . 
  that 's 2500 on one side and 50 000 on the other . 
   there were more serbian civilian casualties i took the liberty of combining all of the civilian casulties of the ten day war in slovenia , croatian war of independence , bosnian war and kosovo war including the nato bombing . 
  bosnians lost twice as many civilians as the serbs did . 
  then albanians , then croats and then 6 slovenians . 
  irish have a rare case of left nationalism , which muddies the traditional left-right alignment we have . 
  a ) they wo n't . 
  b ) [ check out ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_freedom_party#coalition_government_.282000.e2.80.932005.29 ) what happened in austria in 1999 . 
  political geeks i guess ? 
  she is well respected in foreign policy circles and was the first woman in her position . 
  that 's pretty naive of you . 
  fear of a central government is preventing them to see the benefits of a national id card . 
  they are in hundreds of databases and even have concrete evidence of a central one ( social security number ) but overwhelmingly fear having to carry a card with you . 
  fuckin ' saved . 
  you guys are awesome . 
  great lists . 
  he has a point about kosovo . 
  the us had to step in to end all of the 90 's wars in the balkans . 
  you really could n't call eastern european countries sovereign nations at that time , the same way you could call internal violence and soviet intervention a massive threat to peace . 
  hungarian revolution , czech uprising , the invasion of poland , german uprising ... that 's just off the top of my head . 
  syria has some long range missiles which it may use as a desperate attempt to blackmail the west , but none of them would reach athens . 
  my guess is ... 
  it does n't matter . 
  they should get tested from time to time . 
  and that 's why i have a tendency to support humanitarian interventions . 
  also , minor point is that after 1991/1992 it was n't a civil war anymore . 
  croatia was in the un by 1992 and the war ended in 1995 . 
  nato , whatever . 
  it does n't matter since european nations did work in peacekeeping and air strikes , politics is what matters . 
  it took the us to make something happen . 
  it 's a shame the us had to come and deal with a war that happened hours from the eu ( ec ) border . 
  it was their sphere of interest , period . 
  my first idea too . 
  trade promotes peace . 
  notice how china an us are n't nuking each other ? 
  but you can shame european powers because it took the us to fix it . 
  something correlation something something causation . 
   muse , iron maiden , deep purple , led zeppelin , the rolling stones hmmm yes , muse . 
  the premier cultural export of england . 
  can someone from spain comment on the military aspect of this ? 
  is the army still a big component of spanish society ? 
  balkan countries are very religious , but we have a lot of juicy swears involving god , christ and mary . 
  it reminds me of dozens countries , and none of them make it ok . 
   despite flaws of gaddafi regime the flaws you did n't mention really do n't matter when you kill civilians abroad , start wars with your neighbours , sponsor terrorism and rule with an iron fist . 
  also , most of your post are just myths that got forwarded after the civil war and are untrue . 
  \\ - said no one , never . 
  women make up most of the workforce , more women get degrees than men . 
  with that in mind you do n't have to regulate , it will come up by itself . 
  i would boycott the hell out of israel , but considering the amount of high tech they make that is n't possible . 
  thank you , your reply two years ago was awesome , that 's why i remembered it so well . 
  the still need to ratify it , [ which they did n't yet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_accession_2011#ratification ) and there is speculation in croatian press that there might be trouble . 
  as i [ asked you two years ago ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/cbr3n/elections_in_the_netherlands_party_preferences_by/c0rik0i ) , what are the chances the winning coalition would block ( not ratify ) croatia 's accession to the eu ?
