  congrads as well , but i sense a shitstorm incoming . 
  i 've been reading about sweden 's economy recently and here 's the article which describes it best : http://www.economist.com/node/18805503 the economist leans too much to the free markets , so mind that slight bias . 
  even ignoring the price , i would n't want to be in a club that has to have a list of banned clothes . 
  no * we 're * not , and that 's what the problem is in the first place . 
  religion was just a practical rallying point in the whole nationalism jungle . 
  i love to take my foreign friends to the zagreb mosque . 
  it freaks them out that you can get some of the best balkan food in town in a community center that is attached to [ this ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/thumblarge_455/1258899800i1hun4.jpg ) . 
  religion was tighty connected to the national identity , so it was n't about killing catholics or muslims , but killing croats , muslims and serbs . 
  i guess * someone * is a little butthurt . 
  i enjoyed all the `` usenet discussions '' he mentioned . 
  reminded me of better times . 
   just more ... colored , i guess . 
  that 's racist yo . 
   can anyone help me ? 
  visit your nearest hospital , even the people who live here do n't really want to . 
  but seriously , we have a lot of places with western tourists , and some bars , festivals and clubs are owned by foreigners ( british mostly ) so you could get a job there . 
  i 've got a spare one from monaco ( i 'm from croatia ) so if you do n't mind the croatian stamp , pm me your info and i 'll send it . 
   croatians were aligned with the nazi 's in wwii a shameful spot in my country 's history , yes . 
  but then again croats made up the majority in the partisans , the first and only european country to free itself from the nazis . 
   and the ussr during the cold war . 
  nope . 
  croatia was a part of yugoslavia which was on the brink of war with the ussr after tito said to stalin he can go and fuck himself . 
  our armed forces were full of both us and soviet gear , we were getting loans and importing/exporting with both . 
  there 's a reason tito was the founder of the unaligned movement . 
   i mean . 
  remember norway last year ? 
  and andhers breivik ? 
  aurora ( and columbine and arizona and ... ) are just blips . 
  i was pointing more to 30 thousand people killed by guns every year , a statistic not heard of in the rest of the western world . 
  even with utoya , tolouse and wherever that was in germany , all of those countries have 5x or less gun deaths per 100k population than the us . 
  no he does n't , you can read the submission again where he wrote he was confused that a lot of people do n't even think about blaming guns , not necessary gun laws . 
  [ about 40 % of us teenagers know somebody who has been shot ] ( http://scienceblog.com/community/older/archives/k/2/pub2814.html ) . 
  i did n't sum it up , i just noticed that a lot of people almost religiously avoided any gun discussions . 
  it 's condescending to think that mental health is the prime cause . 
  breivik was declared sane , right ? 
  also mass shootings are only a small part of the wider issue - absurd homicide rates . 
   in germany , where we have fairly strict gun laws , a member of a gun club recently went on a killing spree not unlike the one in aurora . 
  sure , but the us has more than five times the homicide rate per capita , so even if we forget about mass shootings for a second , the us has more than 10 000 homicides per year than the eu which has 200 million people more . 
   its just that you are assuming that laws are to blame for the shooting i 'm not . 
   other countries , like neighboring canada for example , have even higher gun-ownership rates [ no it does n't . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country )  switzerland is another example switzerland is being thrown around even though it is a very specific case , which a lot of people do n't even try to understand , but insist on saying `` over there you get a rifle when you 're born and they have the lowest crime rates where is your god now . '', 
  although i agree with a part of what you are saying , gun laws are extremely tied with gun culture and the culture of violence . 
  get your shit together , italy . 
  in some countries they see it as pandering and just prefer honesty . 
  in denmark and sweden people mostly prefered if i went to english right away . 
  i hate anti us bias as much as pro us bias . 
  oh , this again . 
  it 's a complicated matter . 
  if by geography , croatia is mostly in central europe , but then again it was in yugoslavia . 
  but yugoslavia was n't behind the iron curtain , then again we did have a dictator , but you ca n't forget the habsburg influence ... 
  i can give a solid argument for central , eastern , mediterranean and if i try enough maybe even western europe . 
  edit : yugoslavia is lowercase because my keyboard is broken , nothing political . 
  via michelin has that info . 
  i do n't know why the sarcasm . 
  i 've been in some of them and they are lovely , beautiful places to live in or visit . 
  i 'm on my phone so it 's tought to link , but check out dutch army ads . 
  i watched hundreds of them and they are some of the best . 
  so i mistyped the name of a dictionary and my argument is invalid ? 
   but there is no `` merriam webber dictonary '' dictionary is n't spelled `` dictonary '' so is your argument now invalid as well ? 
  stop acting childish and tell me what pacifism is then . 
  i cited three sources while you gave zero arguments and just said that i 'm wrong and you are right . 
  i guess you should contact the merriam webber dictionary and dictionary.com and inform them they 're wrong . 
   the fact that you trust this definition and propagate it tells a lot about your state of mind . 
  insulting my mental state is a good way to start a conversation . 
  pacifism is a different thing than loving peace . 
  i would bend over backwards to keep peace , but i would use violence to protect myself . 
  do n't be dishonest , because that is n't pacifism . 
   pacifism is the opposition to war and violence , even to the point of allowing self-harm rather than a resort to violent resistance . 
  so you do n't believe in self defense ? 
  have you lived through a war ? 
  i have , so has silence_hr . 
  direct democracy has considerable [ flaws ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/18586520 ) . 
   bin laden was a mass murderer . 
  he had a large part in thousands of americans being killed . 
  i did n't say he was n't . 
   what did you expect ? 
  i did n't expect much , i am just noticing how most redditors are well aware of the post 9/11 madness that got them ( and most of the world ) into a shitty mess , but ignored the same kind of hysteria when bin laden was killed . 
  yes he is , but remember reddit when they killed bin laden ? 
  the old `` america fuck yeah ! '', 
  parody that everyone uses sarcasticly suddenly was used very seriously . 
  it reminded me of the post 9/11 euphoria when the us could n't do no wrong in a lot of people 's eyes . 
  cute video , but allow me to be anal . 
  how about croatia who is to become a member in less than a year ? 
  on 0:34 , [ you forgot slovenia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xkkrx.jpg ) . 
  opera ( a european browser ! ), 
  has irc embedded . 
  i spent the last hour reading this blog . 
  i like it . 
   with english is quite the same : it 's open a window on a particularly reality : the english of the rich . 
  even within the anglosphere , how many times did you happen to read an indian magazine ? 
  reading a nigerian writer ? 
  the point is that i can and when i wish so - i do . 
  even though it is a german magazine and a japanese writer , both of them are far away from me if it were n't for globalization . 
  but i do understand your point . 
  my main point is that my local culture is poor enough that i have to reach for foreign ones , and a lot of small countries share that problem . 
   listening to philippines music ? 
  music is something i left out on purpose , since i find lyrics and context very important . 
   we europeans are often happy to give up your language ( in international institutions , in academia ) or your cultural productions ( music , cinema , books etc ) for mediocre american stuff . 
  why ? 
  because i speak english , and that gives me a window to a cultural world far bigger than anything my country can produce .
