austria quietly expanding towards france . 
  yeah , i 'm talking nonsense . 
  i do n't know where this is coming from , my complete mistake . 
  i wrote something brief about the history of gay rights in yugoslavia for / r/askhistorians , if anyone 's interested . 
  it 's complex . 
  serbia has tight bonds with russia but wants to join the eu as well and both sides have expectations from them . 
  in fairness , all balkan countries preach peace and reconciliation but only for diplomatic and economic purposes . 
  the only destabilizing factor right now is bosnia and herzegovina which is in complete economic and political shambles and the absence of peacekeepers could one day spark unrest . 
  the circumstances are more complex than that . 
  putin is visiting belgrade on the first military parade since yugoslavia . 
  serbian pm is a former football hooligan and held a place in milosevic 's government . 
  just a few years ago mobs torched the us , croatian , slovenian and other embassies when kosovo proclaimed independence . 
  there was no catharsis after the wars , no big change or a reason to go hug an albanian/serb . 
  in north america teams riot when they win or lose , why do you expect better from a peninsula known by war and ethnic tension ? 
  albanians from kosovo and serbs fought a messy war 15 years ago . 
  we need a eli5 up in this mofo . 
  you sound like a pleasant person to have a discussion with . 
  a republic in action . 
  the government was also elected . 
  a right wing group forced a referendum in croatia which passed . 
  not long after that the government passed a law giving wide rights to gays . 
  everything except marriage and direct adoption i believe . 
  can we please separate the issues of saving people and letting them live in the eu ? 
  a lot of folks are dumping these two together and suggesting that our navies and coast guards should watch people die so they do n't take our precious ~ ~ white women ~ ~ social nets and culture . 
  so what you 're saying is that promising a good life kills people ? 
  that 's some fucked up warped logic . 
  i 'm pro-palestine and i agree as well . 
  this step has no tangible advances and only complicates things . 
  copenhagen is excellent , but the mermaid is just a small statue far from anything interesting . 
  [ les alpes et les pyrennees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt3p-f2x7ry ), 
  like crimea was n't an invasion . 
  yup . 
  i completely agree , but you would n't be able to get half of the nation to say that without mentioning the other guy like he was his communist twin . 
  croatia is too divided to come up with one . 
  it 's hella expensive to build a fast train there , but the line could go south from zagreb to split , sarajevo , podgorica , tirana , skopje , athens . 
  this is the funniest shit i 've seen . 
  beside that , croatia had around 400 foreign fighters in our ranks . 
  some were classic soldiers of fortune or criminals , but a lot of them had ties with croatia and wanted to join the fight . 
  serbia getting shafted by their orthodox brothers . 
  not really , the official report was published today and the dubrovnik area experienced a 7 % visit growth from last year ( 2 % more stays ) , compared with 3.5 % for the national average . 
  growth has been 12 % before game of thrones , in the 2011-2012 period . 
  oh you 'll see soon enough . 
  sure , just not across the whole city , a skyscraper for every neighborhood . 
  most of these will be hyper expensive toys for russian oligarchs , not sorely needed affordable housing . 
  european cities had a nice tradition of putting skyscrapers out in some business end and london has always maintained limited high rises in the core of the city . 
  now , rich people 's toys will be littered all over the place . 
  nope . 
  [ sky office ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sky_office_tower#mediaviewer/file:sky_office_tower_01.jpg ) should have been higher but it was revised so eurotower is still the highest . 
  there are dozens of skyscrapers planned in the near future and one of them will surely pass it . 
  europeans were n't big on us style skyscrapers until recently . 
  the boom london is experience is disgusting imo . 
  anyway , croatia 's tallest building wo n't get much taller since zagreb city authorities limit the size so it would n't get larger than the cathedral . 
  warlords use cheap assault rifles and anti-tank weapons , not fighter jets from sweden and uav 's from israel . 
  cheap shit comes from the black market . 
  so what are the borders based on ? 
  what 's the basis of its independence ? 
  republika srpska is a product of cleansing muslims and croats out of `` serb '' regions . 
  retroactively rewarding genocide , the war and ethnic cleansing . 
  you lost , deal with it . 
  croatian troops will probably be involved in the training , at least some parts . 
  do n't forget where most of our officers got their training . 
  oh you 're a discrete one mirko . 
  sorry , but the balkans win this one for carnivores everywhere . 
  language is the largest sign of a national culture and bigger languages eating up smaller ones leads to less culture and diversity . 
  i 'm not against english , but i 'm against cultural imperialism , even if it is voluntary . 
  [ serbian national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-ysvb156f4 ) . 
  my bad , i just copied the share url below . 
  man , fuck 2009 . 
  there was an amendment , but this would n't be voted in with adoption . 
  compromise for now . 
  [ google translate version ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=hr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tportal.hr%2fvijesti%2fhrvatska%2f342766%2fpovijesna-odluka-hrvatska-ima-zakon-o-zivotnom-partnerstvu.html&amp;edit-text= ) a right wing church sponsored referendum banned gay marriages a few months ago so this is as far as lgbt rights can go forward in this country . 
  i 'm a bit proud since croatia is a conservative country with a large role for the catholic church and this is a big step forward . 
  drank a shitload of `` danish classic '' with my spare kronas . 
  a ) why is croatia in the shitter ? 
  b ) why does n't canada get in on the fun ? 
  look at a yugoslav map . 
  draw a line from triglav in slovenia to vardar in macedonia . 
  as you trace the line from north to south the gdp per capita falls from 15 thousand ( today 's ) dollars in slovenia to 4 thousand in macedonia and probably lower in kosovo . 
  ljubljana had 260 % gdp per capita than the yugoslav average , rijeka 213 % , zagreb 188 % . 
  that 's one of the reasons that yugoslavia could n't continue , the average slovene did n't have much in common with a macedonian which he had to transfer a lot of money to . 
  history . 
  woop , croatia advanced two places and is now among the dark green peeps . 
   i was under the impression that ethnic tensions in this part of europe had diminished , but it only come from seing less bad news from here . 
  you are talking about milions of people on a huge area . 
  op is talking about a bridge in a small country . 
  do n't confuse us . 
  we already have a few locations but not enough capital to get anything started . 
  one plant that was talked about would be near erdut to be used with serbia and the other in albania . 
  also there 's the old yugoslav moratorium until 2015 . 
   a while a research showed that villages not that far apart from the same countries have different perceptions of corruption depending on whether they were in the austro-hungarian empire or under turkish rule . 
  that 's just a single obscure factor , history makes thousands of it . 
  source : http://www.voxeu.org/article/habsburg-empire-and-long-half-life-economic-institutions, 
  wow , do n't know how i missed it . 
  thanks . 
  i believe the law is a step in the right direction . 
  any new government could n't repeal it without getting a stern warning from the eu . 
   constitutional ban = croatia nope . 
  there was a referendum that passed but it was n't entered in the constitution and a law giving practically marriage rights is going to be voted on in a few days . 
  reading your comments it seems you , to use your language , do n't know fucking shit about geopolitics , history , economy and diplomacy and do n't want to know but would rather be belligerent than educated about something . 
  suit yourself .
