  belarus and russia , it 's slowly happening as it is . 
   separatists of the island of bol in croatia tourist joke . 
  zero serious ideas about that one . 
  how about temperature ? 
  absurd roaming fees are stealing and they should be heavily regulated . 
  nuts , statistical regions in the eu . 
  nobody wants to be in eastern europe . 
  croats insist we 're in central or southern europe . 
  i find this more funny than revelatory . 
  radical differences on the balkans there . 
   there is also a christian custom where small boys visit other family members and friends ' homes and wish em merry christmas , etc. 
  and , in return fort that , get money ( a lot of it - i used to get 100-150 $ ) . 
  i should start being religious . 
  the church is n't stupid , they know more people go to konzum than mass . 
  they 're very cold . 
  serbia is beginning to accept kosovo but at the same time relations with croatia are getting worse . 
  but i would n't blame the verdict on that as much as the election in serbia which brought former milosevic 's spokesman as pm and a hardliner as president . 
  he had some unfortunate statements which made croatian politicians just ignore him . 
  the funny thing is i went to see a serbian band in zagreb the other day and the club was full . 
  a serbian movie ( not * the * serbian film ) had a great reception . 
  the biggest croatian band that has a patriotic reputation brought 13k people in belgrade last night . 
  it 's weird . 
  not really . 
  there 's only one far right party in the parliament with one representative out of 151 . 
  and she 's a woman . 
  just minutes ago i saw a right-wing populist politician talking about how there 's no dilemma over having dual languages in towns where serbs form 30 % of the population or more . 
  also , i do n't get where i mentioned extremism of any kind ? 
  in croatia : - deteriorating economic situation in the country - church resistance to sexual education in schools - partial census results - police wiretapping journalists during the last administration, 
  which part ? 
  i have a soft spot for vlado gotovac who was never elected and ivica ra\u010dan who never had a chance to translate his idealism into firm leadership . 
  that 's post 1990 croatia , before that ... tito was a badass but i could n't say he was best . 
  what 's up with scandinavia ? 
  i was like `` wut ? 
  i did n't hear anything about this '' and then i realized it was for women . 
  i do n't get how people in other countries get by without vegeta . 
   militias and overthrowing an oppressive government and so on , you know . 
  in the time they overthrowed their dictator , tunisia had the lowest firearm rate in the world , one gun for a thousand people , while the us has 890 . 
  sweden , always one step ahead of the rest of us . 
  i agree with the comments here . 
  this case is a strong evidence that this certain religion is n't compatible with this continent and we should just evict 40 million muslim out of europe . 
  also let 's replace bosnia , albania and kosovo with israel . 
  as someone from the balkans - fuck you guys . 
  i 'll be deep in the cold ground before i recognize [ missurah !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjonkjr9gei ), 
  the aegean sea . 
  to be fair , greece has a lot of area to monitor and drones may be better and cheaper for that than fighter jets . 
  i do n't follow sports at all , but holy crap i cried when goran ivanisevic won the wimbledon in 2001 . 
  [ so fucking tense ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hecnfj5g_s ) . 
  of course , 1998 world cup bronze medal and beating germany 3-0 . 
  janica kostelic and her medals , basketball in the 1992 olympics in barcelona . 
  closing the border is too radical but i agree that something needs to be done . 
  serbia ca n't just dump people on our border , hungary ca n't just pretend the problem does n't exist and germany ca n't call thousands of people in and then watch them spread chaos on the way . 
  you 're missing your flag , which would more glaringly point out why this is biased and not completely true . 
   those centres would only be to determine whether they can stay or not . 
  then they would be redistributed . 
  or in case no deal is made they 'll get stuck there , something those countries and those people do n't want . 
   i fully support large asylum centres in greece , italy , hungary , croatia and spain . 
  why not in germany ? 
  why should border countries or poor countries be forced to deal with the crisis by themselves ? 
  that 's because you 're incapable of thinking why they need a parade in the first place . 
  need , not only want . 
  gay prides have a proveable result in furthering gay rights . 
  51 % of refugees in croatia are syrians . 
  more croats were forced out/killed by serbs , if you wan na play the numbers game . 
  jerking off to the military is very 90s . 
  we have a large and capable police force . 
  hard mode : no british films . 
  high speed rail is hella expensive and croatia has all the nice new highways to use instead of the train . 
  you guys are missing the best part . 
  he tweeted hillary clinton among others during the whole ordeal . 
  it 's the family fridge so not me personally but yeah . 
   sigh , i had to get up from my couch country flag related . 
  15-ish countries . 
   even when they eagerly joined the axis in wwii surely you know that croats made up most of the partisans , the opposition to the axis ? 
  i 'm sure you also know that antifascism is enshrined in our constitution as the basis of this country . 
  in the ass - vrit, 
  if i 'm not mistaken , greeks can open accounts in other countries , transfer money there and then withdraw the money that way ? 
  ashamed of my countrymen . 
  but proud that thousands of us marched through zagreb for equality without incidents and that gays have de facto marriage rights , stopping at adoption . 
  not bad for a country with 90 % catholics . 
  i have n't met an italian who spoke better english than the croatian elementary school standard . 
  one guy did n't know where croatia is . 
  i very much hope that / u/crnaruka does n't get re-added . 
  it would be a strong symbol about the way this subreddit is going to be handled . 
  you being dutch should understand that comments denouncing anything happened at srebrenica might be considered a problem . 
  crnaruka made those . 
  oh yes . 
  croatia 's wikipedia has been infiltrated with well organized right wing radicals , it was a national subject a few months ago . 
  he made dozens worse than these all around the place , not just polandball . 
  i would usually agree , but he 's far to the extreme to the point where i ca n't guarantee for the person 's sanity , and not just regular ol' political beliefs . 
  plus , [ there 's this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37uf10/mod_post_announcing_some_more_new_moderators/crpxube ) . 
  there 's a reason for that http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_party_ ( kingdom_of_croatia ), 
  you 're embarrassing yourself with these comments . 
  hns is the third largest party in the parliament and really the only liberal option in the country . 
  while i despise cronyism there really is n't another civil/urban liberal party that has a rational program . 
  wait until the anniversary of the srebrenica massacre , he downplays 8 thousand dead people every year . 
  i 'm very disappointed in the mod 's decision . 
  we dun goofed and built up more highways than romania and bulgaria put together , way before the sweet eu cash . 
  most shipbuilding outside of korea/china is dying . 
  there was a thread about this on / r/croatia ...
