  why is poland seeing so much activity over acta ? 
  much less than other countries . 
  reminds me of the library in [ zagreb ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_uvnmjhrkkz4/tbzl-kldrwi/aaaaaaaaa3o/4o-e783seri/s1600/nsk.jpg ) . 
  the lights are a bit too much . 
  i think they counted both serbian and croatian , which have about 15m combined . 
   take this with a grain of salt you mean pinch of sugar ? 
  i changed it to dozens in croatia . 
  it was extremely popular in the 90 's , i 'm surprised you have n't seen any . 
  yes . 
  germany and others did it on the same day , but there was a eu-wide moratorium so it was official on this day . 
  thanks iceland , but germany did a lion part in international recognition of croatia . 
  that 's why you have dozens of cafe bars named `` danke deutschland '' and '' [ genscher ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans-dietrich_genscher ) '' in croatia . 
  sometime in 1995 i think . 
  we had a mutual recognition , and normalised relations around 1997 i guess . 
  not sure . 
  belgrade is cool , check out kalemegdan fortress . 
  novi sad north of belgrade is also a nice city to see . 
  yugoslavia united with bulgaria ? 
  tito is dancing in his grave . 
  interesting username op . 
  nope , it does n't mean anything . 
  you have three peoples in a single country , that were until recently killing each other . 
  they ca n't agree on anything and the only thing holding the country together is eu , un and nato . 
  what do you do then ? 
  do you force people to behave and try to make something out of it ? 
  since 1995 the country is barely run because you ca n't make people who were killing each other yestarday to work together today . 
  why bother anymore ? 
  croatia recently curbed expat voting rights so now they can only vote in embassies and consulates . 
  99 % of them still vote for the same party . 
   usa can still import the drug from sudan or syria . 
  this is only move to make american death penalty internationally visible . 
  importing barbiturate from sudan ( instead of germany ) is going to look like something more shady . 
  well of course . 
  they can always electrocute people , or use a dozen other methods if needed . 
  the point is to raise international awareness . 
   i see no problem there . 
  between 30 and 45 % of the population is being denied usage of their native language in government matters . 
  that is a massive problem . 
   i would learn the language of any country i was living in for any appreciable amount of time out of basic dignity . 
  i regard people who do not do this as not worth my respect . 
  i completely agree . 
  not only is it insulting and lazy , it just plainly is n't practical . 
  but again , this is respect and dignity , something which you ca n't regulate and force on people . 
  you are taking this way emotionally to be fair and tolerant . 
  which is natural , but not just . 
  they should learn the language , i agree . 
  but i do n't agree that they should be forced to do it . 
  it is between 30 and 45 percent of the country , that is too big of a minority to ignore it . 
   besides , all of them who have any dignity whatsoever already did exactly that . 
  you do n't earn rights . 
  you are born with them . 
  good . 
  very good . 
   speaking from experience , that is exactly what the population should be told . 
  you do realize that latvia is a modern democratic country , based on human rights , and a member of the eu ? 
  forcing them to leave is ethnic cleansing , forcing them to assimilate is cultural genocide . 
  i do . 
  any local government unit in croatia that has more than a third of the population a minority uses that language as official . 
  czech , hungarian , italian , ruthenian , serbian and slovakian are official languages in some places . 
  but that 's 0,5 % of the population . 
  you ca n't ignore 30 % of your population . 
   they all were sent to latvia during the soviet occupation and the long term goal was to make everyone russians . 
  but 50 and 500 years are the same because you ca n't send them back or force them to assimilate . 
  i get that latvia is trying to get away from russia and resist political ties , but curbing liberties is n't the right way to do it . 
  so you are ignoring 50 years of history ? 
  you are going to tell 30 % of your population to assimilate or leave ? 
  they are latvians and have a right to speak and use their language . 
  i have no opinion on said law , but i have an opinion on nationalism and revenge . 
  i 'm all for using open and cheaper software . 
  but if it 's a good piece of software , while openoffice is crap , and certainly worse than ms office . 
   why are you giving him credibility ? 
  by mentioning him ? 
  that 's not credibility , that 's curiosity . 
   last time i checked , he is n't even european , so why even bother ? 
  that 's just backward thinking , i would n't disqualify anyone 's take on this just because they 're from another continent . 
  i would disqualify idiots like bill . 
  ca n't wait for bill o'reilly to connect this to the sexual orientation of the new belgium pm . 
  this sound just * so * german . 
  until you have to bail one of them out . 
  take your time , do n't rush it . 
  you have no doubts that belarus , the last european dictatorship , ruled by the gentle and loving lukashenko , beat them into submission ? 
  their help pages are n't completely helpful . 
  i found out the . co.uk policies by sending them an e-mail . 
  amazon.co.uk , the one i regularly use , sends [ only books , music , dvd and video ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_sib?ie=utf8&amp;nodeid=524836 ) . 
  and if i translated [ this part ] ( http://www.amazon.de/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_cn?ie=utf8&amp;nodeid=505014#land ) right , so does amazon.de . 
  yup , forgot to put a disclamer there , i 'm sure not all of their cities are like that , but i would bet that cities made for humans are in a small minority . 
  theoretically i can too , but two are more than 60 km away . 
  slovenia is 17 kilometeres from my workplace so that 's not impossible . 
  i do n't want to be the snotty european , so i 'll reduce my arguments to a single one : number 13 on the list . 
  us cities are made for cars and everything is a huge sprawl and far apart . 
  i 'm in love with standard central european cities where ( even in bigger places ) everything is accessible by reasonable public transport or on foot . 
  walking an hour , hour and a half to work is something i like to do from time to time , and in the us sometimes driving has no alternative . 
  superior ? 
  no culture is superior , but i guess most people prefer their culture to other countries ' . 
  i remember an article on some uk website looking for comments : `` where were you when thatcher gave her resignation '' . 
  this looks like a similar moment for italians . 
  i 'll drink to my neighbours tonight . 
  he sued the economist multiple times . 
  they had around 4-5 covers with berlusconi through the years . 
   i could understand such ignorance towards this date from an american , but from an european it 's pretty embarassing to say ` nothing extremely important happened on this date ' .
