  politicians stepped aside to celebrate nobel prize winners , inventors , poets , writers and scientists . 
  it was nice and moving . 
  eh , croatia was and is more stable than bulgaria and romania , for instance . 
  before the 2008 crisis we were richer than poland or hungary in gdp per capita . 
  it 's the political reasons why we did n't join . 
  punch was served !, 
  it 's beautiful and the article is true , but i would recommend [ \u0160pancirfest ] ( http://spancirfest.com/ ) instead . 
  the city is bustling with energy and there is an event on every corner for days . 
  i 'm a big fan of vara\u017edin , but i 've never heard anyone call it little vienna . 
  zagreb gets the `` little prague '' or `` small vienna '' treatment , but never heard vara\u017edin get it . 
  goddamnit , i would love to live in such a boring country . 
  i 'm wondering what the internal processes are , how exactly are they trying to play this out ? 
  in a week they managed to piss off most of their demographic . 
  there 's a flagpole , it 's a part of the parade . 
  the cathedral one ? 
  this one is mine , uploaded from my phone to dropbox minutes ago . 
  a lot of people came because the right wing church supported groups are getting organized and plan to force a referendum on changing the constitution to include a marriage clause that would effectively ban same sex marriages in case a government would want to introduce them . 
  that may be a reaction to same sex registered partnerships being introduced soon . 
  15 thousand people is a big deal in a conservative country where the church holds a lot of power and 86 % of people call themselves catholics so this is a big win for the community . 
  it was beautiful , the weather was a bit hot , but we processed through the city to a park , passing a lot of people who waved and clapped , even some tourists joined in . 
  when we passed the turkish embassy some people chanted `` gezi '' and `` taksim '' so that was nice as well . 
  we arrived to zrinjevac , a park in the center where there was a small concert , some speeches and the declaration of the homofriend and homophobe of the year . 
  people sat on the grass , played games and drank beers and the atmosphere was excellent with zero incidents which is a great contrast from 2002 when 300 people were pelted with ashtrays , tear gas and 20 people got beaten . 
  24 sata are the worst , but none of the national dailies are good ( novi list being the exception , but it 's almost local ) . 
  jutarnji is on a race to the bottom , adding more and more sleazy pics and news translated from the daily mail . 
  vecernji is conservative and a mouthpiece from the right and sometimes goes into full fox territory . 
  i 'm being funny . 
  sweden once again takes freedoms from open minded individuals . 
  the same reason i 'm not looking forward to the croatian one . 
  falco !, 
  yup . 
  it 's legal , and the government announced a new law regarding registered partnerships , which is everything a marriage is except in name . 
  you guys are still occupying zagreb , prancing around in your kilts and being all happy , drunk and getting along with the locals . 
  i hate it . 
  just to note that split is somewhat conservative . 
  the gay pride parade has been going on in zagreb for years with thousands of participants and no serious incident in the last few years . 
  this year i 'm betting on a record participation . 
  it 's not always on . 
  there 's no country being fucked over by politicians as much as bosnia and herzegovina . 
  it 's almost always a mistake to put the whole balkans in one pot , whatever that pot is . 
  italy is about what ? 
  stupid bullshit explanation . 
  there 's only one reason why we watch the eurovision song contest : it has been on for decades and when it first began it was n't to make fun of people , but a genuine contest . 
  stfu sweden , it 's denmarks week now !, 
  it 's on every popular torrent site . 
  the version i 've got has hardcoded english subtitles which is practical but the font has a blue outline so it looks ugly and i ca n't get used to it . 
  denmark made some very exceptional tv in the last couple of years . 
  check out forbrydelsen or broen made in cooperation with sweden . 
  there was a thread here about local tv shows worth watching , i 've got ta find it . 
  nobody is saying that we were forced , but ex-yu countries form a voting bloc which means that we 'll vote for each other a lot of times . 
  without any country making it we are ridden of any regional or ideological feelings and can vote our minds . 
  not really , i have a fixation with denmark , that 's why . 
  none of the balkan countries passed this year so we were free to give out votes outside of our bloc . 
  i 've been watching [ borgen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borgen_\\ ( tv_series \\ ) ) all day so my denmark addiction just continues . 
  egypt , jordan , tunisia , morocco , lebanon and a handful of other non-european countries are members of the european broadcasting union , meaning they can join in . 
  i do n't know what story would be for croatia . 
  probably the only thing that ties the whole country together is our love for not doing anything and sitting down for coffee for hours . 
  - the economy . 
  - there will be a big may day protest and the public sector unions are trying to build up a full shutdown of government services until they get pay raises or the government resigns . 
  the masses are n't very sympathetic and it all smells of opposition scheming . 
  - local elections are soon so all of the classic pre-election press , with a particular focus on the hdz ( center-right ) [ posters ] ( http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/tko-ce-izaci-kao-pobjednik-u-ratu-plakatima/674888.aspx ) in sisak : `` the choice is simple , for a better tomorrow '' that got them a law suite . 
  - there was a referendum in dubrovnik about repealing a golf course and apartments project in the hills above the city . 
  about 80 % of people voted against , but the turnout is n't big enough so the project is going ahead . 
  if i had to guess , i would say you 're greek , right ? 
  i 'm aware . 
  it 's complicated . 
  you could divide serbia into central and eastern , and croatia would easily be cut up into southern , central and eastern . 
  if you ask anyone east of the iron curtain , there is no eastern europe . 
  the baltics prefer to be northern , the balkans southern or central , like slovakia and the czech republic . 
  a habit they should have used for their prime ministers . 
  us redditors keep progressive and quiet , but when bin laden got killed people were shouting `` murica ! '', 
  without irony . 
  they crucified obama when he tried to institute more gun control , the threads were full of upvoted people saying things like `` fuck you liberals '' . 
  i could n't believe my eyes . 
  and now the police are saints , tomorrow they 'll be pigs back again . 
  led zeppelin , rolling stones and deep purple visited yugoslavia , most on more than one occasion . 
  former yugoslavia had a very rich music scene even when compared to most western countries . 
  edit : i was wrong about zeppelin . 
  but everyone from louis armstrong to eric clapton did show up so it 's ok . 
  the relevancy is that they are getting a one year mandate , until regular eu wide elections . 
  awesome . 
  how did ireland get so liberal in the last few years ? 
  the falklands are n't a part of the eu . 
  public access is `` javni pristup '' the link on the left after checking the box . 
  cool . 
  but it does n't have to mean shit . 
  kosovo is n't the only one , croatia has guaranteed minority seats as well . 
  not necessary . 
  people took weapons after their service . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jat_flight_367 not proven . 
  it 's not about bilingual signs , it 's not about serbs or nationalism . 
  it 's a political game to destabilize the government and force elections , but it makes no sense because the leader of the opposition is currently the most unpopular politician by a large margin . 
  there is only one far right party in the parliament and it has one seat . 
  snow rain rain rain rain snow a glimmer of sun people use to drink a cup of coffee outdoors and then rain rain rain again . 
  it 's fucking awful , i feel like i 'm english but without the good music . 
  yes . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we 're neck deep in a recession and the people that welcome our eu membership are n't the ones that would celebrate it on the streets . 
  you should come regardless . 
  plugging / r/croatia if you need help with planning .
