  most said no . 
  by `` far '' you mean `` second '' since only the f-22 is more expensive . 
  my bad , i go every year so i mistook the numbers . 
  the general point is that in 2002 they got attacked by rocks and pepper spray and in 2014 walked freely and without incident . 
  the police was standing one street away doing exactly nothing since there were no problems . 
  it 's fully established that some parts of the country are more liberal than others . 
  yes , we need mental gymnastics because the plausible outcome is that a very popular politician with worldwide influence has trouble finding facebook likes . 
  great updates . 
  here 's a good writeup about the background http://balkanist.net/op-ed-how-low-can-he-go/, 
  most of croatia is conservative but the legal framework is solid and gays have increasing rights . 
  being gay is no longer a security issue in most large cities in liberal parts of the country ... 
  the same year people threw rocks at the gay pride in split , 15 000 people marched in an incident free gay pride parade in zagreb , rubbing shoulders with celebrities and politicians . 
  very sadly , i could n't recommend two guys holding hands in split or zadar , which is why the legal part is unfortunately very separated from the practical side . 
  you ca n't change a mindset in a few years . 
  and i 'll volunteer my children to fight that atom until the bitter end . 
  south slavic - just serbia and montenegro , who have old historical and religious ties . 
  croats are tied only to russian tourists , and that 's not a big number . 
  it 's not a rational connection but more historical and religious . 
   shots fired what is this , a us school ? 
  crap . 
  who do i petition over this ? 
  the ebu had a crucial role in developing a lot of modern radio and tv standard and technologies , along with constant work with member stations to enhance cooperation and tech interoperability . 
  then there 's news exchange , content management , media rights ... 
  it 's a very important organization that 's more than any event . 
  a lot of people here are n't aware that the ebu is much more than the eurovision song contest . 
  the rockets are actually genius and have a lot of anti-earthquake features . 
  stuff everyone calls socialist or soviet is also seen in western countries . 
  there 's a 50 % chance one of them would be called triglav . 
  an event that singlehandedly confirms stereotypes about both austria and balkans . 
  strmopizdio is a better way to say it . 
  eastern/central europe is safer than most western countries but it 's not pooular to state it . 
  novi zagreb is mostly high density buildings made after wwii for the working class that flooded the city . 
  some new neighbourhoods are popular now and in the last few years they got two shopping centers , cinemas , a massive modern art museum etc. 
  it 's getting better . 
   over the years , the goat has been run over by a souped-up volvo , attacked by a team of santas and gingerbread men wielding bows and arrows , and burned down by a gullible american tourist who had been convinced by his swedish hosts that doing so was perfectly legal . 
  he served ten days in prison . 
  how about milan pani\u0107 ? 
  also pharma , also struggled with the language . 
  that depends on the battlefield , it 's certainly not a first strike possibility . 
  literally hundreds of thousands yugoslavs lived and worked in germany since the 60 's so i doubt that there are any insane expectations . 
  it is possible but not likely . 
  his entry was a refugee camp and the exit zagreb airport . 
  and in a lot of western countries , but they do n't call them commie . 
  ireland is only recent but yeah . 
  life for a skilled worker is great here . 
  if you make solid money life in croatia is pretty good , a lot of stuff is cheap and depending on the city life can be on the same level as a lot of western european cities . 
  we do n't use mounted police . 
  are you aware that both tumblr and facebook can and very often are used as blogging/video/photo platforms ? 
  banning facebook is the equivalent of banning youtube , and tumblr like banning blogspot . 
  you 're banning content just because of the medium it 's submitted on , which is very wrong . 
  i 'm referring more to the public outrage . 
  our politicians are n't doing much because russia is used to this , and shooting down a civilian airliner simply is n't a big deal . 
  we as citizens should be outrages , every russian embassy should be littered with candles and requests to apologize for their part in the downing . 
  i suspect that would be the case if there were americans on board . 
  is any discussion possible without it ending with [ and you are lynching negroes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) ? 
  yet we still have ambassadors in moscow , our mp 's are visiting crimea , people are applauding putin 's moves and russia is still considered a country we can talk to . 
  wtf europe . 
  the part with the leaves is pedestrian . 
  and the pic is one year old . 
  it 's interesting that you focused on a small disclamer ( you call it fear ) and skipped the fear he was talking about . 
  small rise in shoplifting and children are n't free to play outside anymore ? 
  that 's paranoid and strange , not the fact that he does n't want to sound like something he 's not . 
  i visited last week . 
  such a weird city , but i guess the luftwaffe is to blame for that . 
  if you take a map of yugoslavia and start tracing from triglav in slovenia to vardar in macedonia , with some small exceptions , gdp per capita slowly goes from 30k in slovenia to 20k in croatia , 10k in bosnia , about the same in rural serbia , kosovo and macedonia . 
  unfortunately it was n't fully in english when i visited a few years ago . 
  hopefully that changed . 
  what 's wrong with croatia ? 
  along with slovenia , we were the more prosperous part of yugoslavia and eastern europe in general . 
  the war came , which left 1/4 of the country occupied , decimated any tourism and triggered a specially crude form of privatization by the leading nationalist party which did almost immeasurable damage to the economy and permanently destroyed hundreds of thousands of jobs while creating a corrupt wealthy ruling class . 
  once the war ended the ruling hdz was deemed too nationalist and the country was under unofficial sanctions which limited foreign investments in the scale poland or the czech republic got . 
  all the while we got limited growth but it was mostly based on inertia . 
  we got a more liberal government in 2000 , after that a european faced hdz , all maintaining solid growth , mostly by doing nothing to tackle structural issues the country had . 
  la-la land burst in late 2008 , when it did everywhere else , except we never had good foundations for an economy anyway so we never came back from it . 
  so today we have massive unemployment , rampant corruption , huge public sector , big taxes , bad demographics , sinking education and health care and 20 % of the economy depends on the weather forecast during the summer . 
  not to be debbie downer here : it 's safe and clean , we have more highways than bulgaria and romania had combined until recently and if you have a good job your quality of life is high . 
  anyway , kudos to romania . 
  like [ an idiot abroad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/an_idiot_abroad ) except this guy really is an idiot . 
  a grand total of four buildings not in western or northern europe on the list . 
  uk intelligence used the guy as a honeypot for years , he 's unwittingly responsible for dozens of identified radicals . 
  [ belgium ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34871872 ), 
  and yet most illegal guns in europe come from belgium . 
  single ? 
  seriously , not one ? 
  or more correctly , montparnasse . 
  a term used in countries that abuse their city centres with skyscrapers . 
  like it 's comparable , come the fuck on . 
  did n't want to start anything , it 's just trivia about a ship that will probably never again be mentioned anywhere on reddit . 
  but thanks for the downvote and antagonism . 
   the flagship of the yugoslav navy was the destroyer split . 
  also a [ later ship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_frigate_split ) , known for shelling the city it was named after . 
  the whole germans digging holes in beaches thing is hilarious . 
  thanks , now i know . 
  i got that part but what is a christmas peace ? 
  you fell for a media campaign and sure that could happen anywhere . 
  but i expected more from the system . 
  brexit is going to be messy and expensive because you have no idea how to handle it . 
  all info is being translated and emergency info for tourists is being posted every few minutes . 
  meanwhile facebook has actived the safety check for split so you can check if anyone you know is affected . 
  just a quick update - the situation in split has now stabilized but there are still hundreds of firefighters and volunteers on the scene .
