  i was a bit drunk and cheered for you guys in a cafe in the middle of zagreb . 
  that 's for submissions , not comments . 
  he looks like a troll , i would n't bother . 
  screw you . 
  the church supported the referendum and pushed it through but the moment it passed a popularly elected government headed by an atheist made a law that gave gays every right except adoption . 
  we are a fucked up country that was last independent a millenium ago and was torn between rulers and wars and it 's a fucking miracle we 're not in deeper crap . 
  and now you badger the few normal folks on reddit who fight homophobe right wing asshole every day , pinning that shit on us . 
  fuck you and fuck your self righteous attitude . 
  we should utilize that / r/croatiagonewild idea we had a few days ago . 
  yes and no . 
  croatia is a conservative country and the church supported right wing has the whole `` family values '' thing , even forcing a referendum for banning same sex marriages ( even though we did n't have them ) . 
  in the mean time , the zagreb gay pride has over 10 thousand participants that march without incidents , there are gay clubs all over the place and the government is pushing legislation to give same sex couples all the rights except adoption . 
  exactly the feels i experience on the festivals i go to . 
  beautiful thing . 
  oh man , vienna is always such a sweet place to visit for a. . .  as someone who lives in vienna oh . 
  [ r/croatia contributing a female cop at the gay pride parade ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4yupqiv.jpg ) . 
  ~ ~ what movie i must know ! ~ ~ edit : hi friend . 
  i was just wondering what the title of the movie or show it might be . 
  a montenegrin talking about work ? 
  how strange !, 
  what was the union of serbia and montenegro ? 
  i must be ill informed , thinking kosovo and montenegro left by their own wills . 
  because that went well the last time around . 
   we do n't pay for university . 
  read your comment and say that again . 
  yes we do pay for university and everyone except the very best are being punished and the arbitrary way every university sets this up means that a very good student can still pay a lot of money . 
  cold hard stats say that 51 % of croatian students pay for higher education and the average amount is 1170 euros per year . 
  i 've always said that it 's not that much , but if i 'm giving half of my paycheck to the state i do n't want to pay for my university , museums , national parks , passport , massive fees for my driver 's licence , hospital bed and any other thing they think of . 
  not falling for that one again . 
  sure , but we are taxed up the wazoo and hemorrhaging money through mismanagment and corruption . 
  we have to pay additionally for university , healthcare and everything else . 
  one of the highest taxes in europe and yet nobody cares . 
  [ one ] ( http://www.thelocal.ch/20130704/croatian-banks-ordered-to-convert-swiss-franc-loans ) of the rare english language links i could find . 
   truck containing 15 tons explosives explodes in uncivilized area of mosj\u00f8en , killing none . 
  what was the truck doing there with all the explosives ? 
  fortunately we have more than enough of those , that 's why we can send them to bih and greece when they need more capacity . 
  shhh !, 
  do n't let the serbs hear you !, 
  that 's low number of planes for a country that big . 
  unlike hungary , croatian and serbian courts ruled in favor of the customers . 
  maybe they 'll pull a china and we 'll see gripen knockoffs in a few years . 
   i 'd just like to add that some people in vukovar do n't see it the same way you do . 
  i hate to use that kind of language , but i do n't care . 
  laws are n't passed because of emotions or feelings . 
  surely , i would feel differently if i lived there and lost somebody close to me in the war , but i 've got an advantage of looking at this with a cool head . 
  of course i empathize ( though not the same way you are , of course ) but i do n't think there will ever be a moment when something like that will happen organically or by itself . 
  by your post i am guessing that you see putting up cyrillic signs as progress , but have an issue about the way that will happen . 
  that 's the way every human rights fight evolves , as we saw with woman 's rights , african-americans and now gay rights . 
  the argument that a lot of people have is `` i 'm not against gay rights , just adoption , it 's just not the time now '' . 
  when is the time ? 
  if we sit and wait until a war torn region with no economic perspective and a rigid right wing attitude gets liberal enough for that - it never will . 
  and that 's without counting in the fact that this thing is a political play aimed at the government . 
  my mistake , but my point still stands , the town is n't croatian , or serbian or german . 
  it 's a town of its inhabitants , whatever their script is . 
  yeah , they 're called skinheads . 
  every country has them . 
  well i hate it . 
  i 've met an australian travelling europe who went to every last village he could find in places like spain or germany , but did n't cross even into prague because it 's eastern europe , and it 's a place of nightmares like the pics above depict . 
  i 'm fed up trying to explain to people that they 're safer in poland , estonia or croatia than almost any western capital . 
  because there 's not enough stereotypes about those countries ? 
  the point is that a script is just a script and a country is n't a country for some people , but for all of them . 
  until 2001 croats never made a majority in the city and being a dick to a third of the population in the city is no way a winner acts . 
  to me , there 's a certain satisfaction seeing that we 'll protect even those who acted against us , that we 'll put that script on our government signs that say `` republika hrvatska '' and not `` republika srpska krajina '' . 
  vukovar was mostly razed by jna troops , which exclusively used latin script . 
  direct democracy sucks and these dumb referendums are just proving my point for me . 
  also , the british killed thousands of civilians there 20 years ago . 
  fyi i am strongly against this referendum , but there are tons of nuances here that should be considered in any comparison . 
  western nations would be hard pressed to find an analogy . 
  about as many croats live outside the country as inside but the uk is n't our thing . 
  we 're more the colonies kind of people . 
  wikipedia is built in a way that small interest groups can get in charge and in croatia that was a very nationalist and misguided bunch of people who were n't just right wing but completely batshit conspiratory insane . 
  yeah , those countries * must * be shitholes right ? 
  the events in croatia were sickening this week so i 'm leaving it to someone else . 
  damn . 
  loved riga and latvia when i visited a few years ago . 
  ** croatia ** - seven of eight medical unions signed the collective agreement to end the doctor 's strike but one did n't budge so the minister issued a work order . 
  not sure how to translate that but it 's the kind of orders that are issued during wartime to workers necessary for the functioning of the state . 
  sidenote : i 've spent a few hours in the hospital this week , it 's slow but manageable . 
  - a referendum about making marriage a union between a man and a woman has been called for the first of december after the constitution court said that there are no issues with having a referendum dealing with this kind of rights . 
  the whole situation is screwed up and chances are that the poll will pass . 
  - we played 0:0 with iceland with a new football coach and if we do n't win the home game , we are n't going to brazil . 
  less and less people care about football . 
  - it 's the anniversary of the [ fall of vukovar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vukovar ) where the aggressor shot about 250 people in a pig farm , along with a thousand others in the town . 
  usually it 's a standard affair of speeches and marches , but veterans are pissed because public signs have been put up in serbian cyrillic as well as croatian because serbs constitute a third of the population of vukovar . 
  they 've been destroying the signs , discreetly calling for arms and even starting collecting signatures for a referendum , without * aaaany * help from the rightwing opposition and the church , like the other referendum / s. 
  - the chairman of the croatian economy chamber ( and [ george clooney lookalike ] ( http://gracija.ba/slike/vidoevi1.jpg ) ) was arrested for misuse of funds . 
  he was always presented as a fair businessman but turns out that he was using the money for tons of illegal stuff including a hidden taxidermy basement , a stable of horses and the usual cars , houses and siphoning money to friends . 
  all paid for by the chamber . 
  we 're mostly done with our secession business but there are a few leftovers . 
  all of those languages have differences within themselves that are as radical as any two languages . 
  austro-hungarian empire . 
   apa kola which was a replacement for coca cola which were n't available during the war , one bottle cost 18 pfennigs and it was very expensive . 
  one word . 
  cockta . 
  i 'd love to see a pre-2008 version of this map and also using nuts regions . 
  i also have some doubts over slovenia and croatia but that 's for another post . 
  kinda . 
  croatia was never in its history in the same form as today so zagreb is technically the first and only croatian capital ever . 
  we would have to split some hairs to find the first one that could be called croatian . 
  i presume you got this from [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_former_national_capitals ) page which notes * former * capitals , not first .
