  it was a joke , since it is 9/11 in european calendars , what americans call their 9/11 disaster . 
  not a good joke it seems . 
   crotia obviously needs to improve its educational system . 
  no need for insults . 
  sorry , i have n't . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  some european countries too . 
  depends on the local filler . 
  i will never defend the current government and hdz , but natasa srdoc is an american mouthpiece , with her phony institute funded by us conservatives . 
  this article smells of a planted pr piece . 
  also our gdp per capita is larger than bulgarian or romanian when they entered . 
  actually it is larger than any new member state since austria and sweden in 1995 . 
  of course , corruption is something to work on , but the whole ruling party is soon to be indicted and our former pm is on trial . 
  so things are going in the right direction i guess . 
  does anyone like the system ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was sarcastic . 
  read `` the case for goliath '', 
   `` we had a great relationship with kfor ( nato 's kosovo force ) before this . 
  i do n't know what happened to them , '' a red flag the article is full of crap . 
  i love to read stories like this , but the cynic in me is just too worried that it 's a planted pr piece . 
  the shipping is cheaper than . co.uk , but they do n't send hardware to croatia , only books and dvd 's . 
  [ fear , uncertainty and doubt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear,_uncertainty_and_doubt ), 
  looks like a bunch of fud . 
  german is not my thing . 
  such a long article just because he felt threatened by a woman who said he was a jew . 
  gosh , some people need to relax more . 
  the chance to improve human rights and the economy in turkey means less radicals on european borders and less immigrants pouring over them . 
  i 'm not talking about letting turkey in the eu , but just normal ties between the two . 
  we had discussions before where people insisted that only european flags be allowed , but now you can have any flag , right ? 
  so you backed out on only european flags or is it just a script thing ? 
  also , i ca n't get one for croatia , something about an invalid message . 
  i understand that turkey is working hard to become a regional leader . 
  their economy and diplomacy are getting stronger and more independent , but they 'll get hurt once they cross a line too much . 
  the thing with israel was a huge step , but turkey depends on the eu , and hurting economic ties would have an effect neither side would want , but turkey would regret more . 
  church elections ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i 'm not sure you shake his hand . 
  probably kiss it . 
  the pope 's hand . 
   nato killed 4 times more innocent civilians than soldiers with their bombs source on that ? 
  human rights watch says that twice more soldiers were killed than civilians . 
  was n't the burial itself controversial ? 
  if i remember correctly , some people did n't want to attend ? 
   do n't offer to pay , that 's not the spirit . 
  but pay your travel with a kind , open , honest and entertaining conversation . 
  or alcohol . 
  seriously , just some local liquor , sweets or a souvenir is a great way to thank people . 
  it should n't be expensive but is a great token of appreciation . 
  americans ca n't wait to accuse europeans of racism . 
  which is generally true , but it is a very broad statement considering they have a huge ethnic minority for hundreds of years and are build out of immigrants , while europe is fairly homogenised . 
  we needed hundreds of years to stop fighting ourselves : mostly white , christian nations , and expecting from people to accept new people overnight is a bit much . 
  we should at least get the benefit of a generation . 
  anyway , am i alone in thinking that gypsies really are a long running problem without a solution anywhere near ? 
  are we just racists or is it an issue that 's not just in our heads ? 
  ( spare me from godwin 's law please ), 
  similar article from [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/dailychart/2011/06/europes-left?page=1 ) . 
  i heard the same thing . 
  croatian news report that a croatian army helicopter has been fired upon by the serbs . 
  slovenian forces as well are stationed on kosovo . 
  i do n't like the smell of this . 
  i remember the first reports ... no dead , two dead , seven dead , the the island shooting . 
  i went to sleep and saw 80 when i woke up . 
  depressing . 
  i 'm disappointed as hell . 
  only 5 euros ? 
  the latest information says that the girls gave a statement at the pore\u010d police station and the case is being investigated . 
  police is n't commenting and customs says it 's disgusting and their employees would n't do that . 
  right . 
  good . 
  the border is n't continuous enough to guarantee a village populated with both wo n't try to throw the other one out . 
  not to mention that republika srpska is a political victory for milosevic , karadzic and mladic . 
  the rhetoric from both sides say that a single country is n't realistic anymore and that the independence of republika srpska will not be tolerated . 
  whether or not there will be an armed conflict there : your guess is as good as mine . 
  but i 'm always remembered by the fact that nobody expected a war in 1989 . 
  imminent ? 
  but if we continue to sit on our asses , we could see a conflict in bosnia and herzegovina . 
  [ the european union is failing to confront a new breed of bosnian serb nationalists and unless it does so bloodshed will return to bosnia , paddy ashdown has warned ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/serbia/8541578/bloodshed-to-return-to-bosnia-paddy-ashdown-fears.html ), 
  as always , proud to be a croat . 
  yup , we regularly have a dip in unemployment during the summer , but as with regular jobs , a lot of them go unreported . 
   end of discussion . 
  very mature of you . 
  not serbian but i can help . 
  the support is n't widespread and indeed it 's a very vocal minority that loves publicity . 
  one sign of that is only limited protests when he was arrested and extradited . 
  you do n't have to go that far . 
  german troops are keeping peace in kosovo and bosnia and herzegovina right now , and without killing people , something eleitl does n't seem to understand . 
  ah , the seselj defense . 
  looking forward to the youtube clips . 
  what about un and eu sanctioned peacekeeping missions ? 
  not every soldier abroad is an imperialist invader . 
  anyone in the same room with her would be . 
  and apparently our pm 's have [ something going on ] ( http://www.advance.hr/bizadvance/image_dump/vlada-potvrdila-susret-kosor-pahor-iduceg_109876.jpg ) . 
  i doubt slovenia will make trouble anymore . 
  there will be issues in some countries that are more anti-eu than anti-croatia , but overall i doubt any will reject it . 
  enjoy your newfound knowledge : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_islam, 
  no , it 's both since it measures military capability and sophistication , number of heavy weapons , military imports and exports , military expenditure , relations with neighbouring countries ... 
  of course it 's not , but you know how it is , nationalists , patriots and right wingers love their military . 
  reasonably , half of europe can abolish their military forces , but situations can change very fast and who knows what will happen in 5 or 10 years . 
  did anyone expect the last war on the balkans ? 
   he level of militarization of east-south europe is insane .
