  i can now read any popular book from anywhere in the world , because it is likely translated into english and sold on amazon , the same way i can watch any movie that has english subtitles . 
  globalization made everything flat and i do n't have to look in my own backyard if i do n't want to . 
  call it cultural imperialism if you want , but my country produces the same amount of movies in a year that i watch in a week . 
  after the eurosong thread the other day and this today , / r/europe is proving to have an excellent sense of humor . 
  anybody want to compare this to [ birth rates ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:birth_rate_figures_for_countries.png ) ? 
  i 've written this one down and will be using it . 
  besides food , sports and genocide , this is the only thing we 're good at . 
  it 's funny , but lousy as news . 
  maybe because it hits home , but it is n't the same level as his us coverage . 
  i feel the only winning move is not to play . 
  many lols were had at this comment . 
  immigration can come from culturally similar countries as well . 
  and * that 's * why polandballs are n't really for this subreddit . 
  can norway into space ? 
  i refuse to further embarrass my country by posting music that is currently `` hot '' . 
  good . 
  every war criminal from every side should have a fair trial and face the consequences . 
  morocco actually applied once upon a time . 
  there 's a discussion going on about this in / r/croatia . 
  it is in croatian , so if you know it , [ check it out ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/croatia/comments/s5xqc/zabranjen_skup_ekstremnih_desni\u010dara_u_zagrebu/ ) and leave a comment . 
  personally , i think free speech has a limit and letting organizations who think that we should give up parts of our territory protest in the middle of our capital is behind that line . 
  also , i 'm proud that thousands of people were revolted and announced a counter protest . 
  i would vote the shit out of the pirates . 
  but in my country they are a bunch of neckbeards that subscribe to alex jones and have zero knowledge about politics and how they system works . 
  their official facebook page posts memes and conspiracy crap . 
  i do n't want to deal with people like that . 
  and liberia . 
  as an atheist , i celebrate good food . 
  as a journalist , i have no free days . 
  which does n't mean he 's not a nationalist . 
  i read an article yesterday that had some of the same quotes , points and data as this one . 
  i was surprised to see the author , because i knew tim was writing for the economist . 
  [ ( b ) rouge nation on foreign policy ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2012/04/03/brogue_nation?page=full ), 
  related : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_in_the_water_match, 
  croat ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  yugoslavia was between the blocks and we had a balance between capitalism and communism . 
  comparing the yugoslav ruling party to the ussr one is an insult to the people who suffered in the soviet union . 
   jewish people integrated into the european culture very pleasantly note that it is only recently . 
  jews have been through hell and back on this continent . 
  basic rights like that should n't be voted on in a referendum , but the harsh reality is disappointing so this is a step in the right direction . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not pushing for it . 
  what i am hoping for is that europe will remain the worlds living super power , the beacon of human rights and lifestyle . 
  that european countries will in their differences find the common energy to become and remain the best places to live on earth . 
  to be the safest , most tolerant places for their citizens to raise and educate their kids . 
  i 'm being idealistic , and a lot of countries in europe are n't going in the right direction , but i 'm more interested in using `` our '' power for a good life for europeans , and not projecting it like the us does . 
  depends on the context . 
  within my country i 'm from zagreb , within the continent i 'm a croat , when discussing on reddit i 'm a european . 
  on 4chan a eurofag . 
   technically germany does n't have a constitution either . 
  someone should tell that to the germans . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but did the uk sell iran military equipment in 2009 ? 
  anyone wants to translate this into humanese ? 
  how about a charlemagne ? 
  all of zagreb 's public services were united into one megalomaniac company so public transport is now insanely expensive so it can cover the costs of other departments . 
  balkanska posla . 
  other prices are n't that much expensive from serbia . 
  i was on exit two years ago and most things in a store were around 10-15 % cheaper , more or less . 
  i got the impression stuff was cheaper , but never the whole `` omg cheap ! '', 
  feeling . 
  i checked out a menu ( i do n't eat out much ) and margharitas are about 30-40 hrk ( about the same dkk ) . 
  bigger and better pizzas go at about 40-50-60 and more if it 's a better place . 
   i would like to have some statistics of how much family of four has money left for leisure in different countries . 
  anyone ? 
  disposable income maybe ? 
   a margharita will cost you about 50 kr . 
  at a pizzeria . 
  at a restaurant , maybe 70 . 
  the average wage in croatia is around 5000 dkk and we still pay that much for a pizza . 
  bigot towards what group ? 
  my wording may be wrong but i stand by my opinion . 
  it does n't hurt the equality and well being of other people is what i meant . 
  i 'm sure you know that as well but ca n't find other arguments . 
  do n't be obtuse you know what i mean . 
  i 'm sure animal welfare is sarkozy 's [ major concern ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foie_gras ) . 
  the system should accommodate them all if possible . 
  today they are defending their culture from muslims , tomorrow they are calling vegetarians non-patriotic for not supporting the meat industry . 
  conservatism would be the cause of both cases . 
  this thread and the comments make me fucking sick . 
  if there is any equality then french muslims are equal to french christians or french atheists . 
  giving them halal meat , or vegetarians vegetarian meals does n't hurt anyone else , and anybody saying otherwise is racist . 
  denying them for `` cultural '' reasons is pure xenophobia . 
  seperate pool hours for males and females is exactly opposite . 
  this is where the muslims want to deny equality and this is the thing to fight . 
  this is just proof that racism is the main cause of the issue : opponents are fighting muslim ideas , not defending the principles of equality and liberty . 
  any chance of getting results for languages spoken ? 
  i 'm wondering if anyone here is pro-intervention ? 
  in croatia we have [ krafne ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krafne ) , stuffed with marmelade , chocolate or just depressingly empty . 
  had one offered to me 20 times today and i have n't even seen my grandma who surely has a hundred of them waiting for me . 
  but i 'm sure we 'll be hearing dumb stereotypes about the dangers of the balkans for decades to go . 
  the differences are more political than linguistic . 
  nationalism on both sides is denying that the languages ( or nations ) have anything to do with each other . 
  recently a croatian tv station was ordered to translate and subtitle serbian shows and movies , since it is a foreign language . 
  there was an outcry of common sense , but some still insisted on it , even though serbs , croats , bosniaks and montenegrins can understand each other almost perfectly . 
  like my country for instance . 
  but that does n't mean people ca n't have an opinion on that . 
  - german influence in the eu - do you identify more with your city , region , country or continent ? 
  ( or something similar ) - uk role in the eu , positive or negative ? 
  - future enlargement ( croatia , iceland , turkey ) - what non-native language except english do you speak ( this should be interesting ) .
