  no , not really . 
  i agree with the article , but insane is n't the right wording . 
  greece still has beef with turkey and bad relations with some other neighbouring countries . 
  not to mention a big coastline , a lot of islands and proximity to the middle east . 
  the global peace index puts greece in europe 's lower end , but above the us and 6 other european countries . 
  so while you might say it 's too much , it 's not insane . 
  burn !, 
  that 's a good step in a good direction , but just a minor cog in a big machine . 
  the iraq war was n't that long ago and just imagine the situation again . 
  how could a unified eu policy be formed if some members are stronly pro-war ( uk , spain , poland , italy , netherlands ) , and some very against ( france , germany , sweden and others ) . 
  how do you deal with that ? 
  terrorists ? 
  i 'll agree that every side had its fair share of crimes , but the fault for the war and a huge majority of victims stands on one side . 
  the aggressor is obvious . 
  also , although they were fairly impotent , un forces stopped some killings and it 's a big stain on europe that the us needed to step in to bring peace . 
  i 'm watching it again to refresh my memory so i 'll get back to you . 
  i actually saw this one . 
  was thinking it 's another one . 
  thanks anyway . 
  i 'd love to watch it . 
  are there any subtitles available ? 
  common foreign and military policy is almost impossible to make . 
   no one outside the area cares . 
  this is a big point . 
  i 'm all for cooperation and exchange , but after four bloody wars , a lot of people shudder at anything yugo , and see through `` adriatic '' and `` balkan '' associations . 
  we should use our similarities to work together and having a bigger market would be a massive gain for every country , but some time will pass until cultural and historical differences are taken cared of . 
  i watched a serbian band in zagreb two days ago and the friends i made in belgrade are coming over for the summer . 
  we are okay with that , but when will our parents be ? 
  depends on the airport and the ryanair staff there . 
  on most of my flights it was ok . 
  he has a couple of facts right , but his conclusion is weak . 
   in yugoslavia the difficulties of drawing up policies that would satisfy republics with widely differing levels of economic development was justified by calling the country an `` asymmetric federation . '', 
  in yugoslavia , money from slovenia and croatia ( two richest states ) was being transferred to kosovo , montenegro and other poorer states . 
  the same thing essentially happens in every country , not only federations , so it 's not the first reason for secession . 
   and , just as there is no legal mechanism for a country to leave the euro zone , constitutional lawyers found cause to question the legality of slovenia 's withdrawal from yugoslavia on the basis it agreed to join twice , first in 1919 and then again in 1945 . 
  yugoslav constitiution of 1974 gave a right to every republic to leave so the legality questions were quickly settled . 
  no , there is no way it could happen . 
  you ( and greeks ) are taking this way too seriously . 
  check out nationalism pages on wikipedia . 
  every ex-yugoslav country has a `` greater '' version that has some pretentions on a neighbouring country and nobody is suggesting incidents , conflicts or anything else . 
  you really think the world is out to get you ? 
   claiming a `` ancient macedonian '' heritage is a rhetoric argument of the macedonian nationalists who 'd like to invade greece . 
  reminds me of the great serbian rhetoric which thinks albania/serbia/turkey is out to get them . 
  macedonia invading greece ? 
  seriously ? 
   there are people from fyrom who think aristotle spoke slavic i seriously doubt anyone thinks this . 
   ( well , i guess you can , but it 's never been done before ) . 
  homosexuality was n't much of a problem before . 
  there were gay clubs and cafes in zagreb , and homosexuality was legal since 1977 . 
  even today , gays have a right to donate blood , they are protected against discrimination in the workplace , they can serve in the military and couples are recognized under law . 
  with nationalism in 1990 , people started taking religion too seriously and as an important thing that seperates `` us from them '' . 
  only since then did it become an issue . 
  every zagreb pride parade has been with less incidents than the year before . 
  the new one is this week , and the main square in zagreb is flying a lgbt flag . 
  hope zagreb will prove to be more liberal than split . 
   was it always like that though ? 
  this is the 1 . pride in split , and a few incidents still happens year-to-year even in zagreb . 
  yes , every gay pride in zagreb is surrounded by protesters , but it is going softer every year . 
  i doubt it will be a western-style parade in my lifetime , but i 'm optimistic that zagreb will be more liberal . 
  the zagreb parade has members of parliament , former government ministers ...  ... though only 67 % believe in a god . 
  and 25 % go to church . 
  we have the worst religious country ever . 
  - a local priest condemned homosexuality as a deviant sin the day before , stating that he accidentally watched a gay porno in a hotel room and saw what evil it is . 
  - there were 400 police officers protecting the parade so there was no fighting , which did n't stop them from throwing stuff into the crowd . 
  - on the upside , the violence was universally condemned , and there were a few politicians present in the parade . 
  zagreb pride is 9 years old and much bigger with less incidents and more support from the city and politicians . 
  - despite being 89 % catholic , we elected an atheist pm and president and our current president is agnostic . 
  i thought it meant something but obviously it does n't . 
  the answer is a bit complicated , the political situation changed rapidly in 2000 , and only after that it became an option . 
  we have a higher gdp per capita than 7 eu member states , but had other problems that blocked us , and after romania and bulgaria came in the standards are set higher . 
  we have work to do on corruption and other fields , but meet most standards for some time now . 
  i like the big title : the man who screwed an entire country . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  maybe you can elaborate ? 
  do n't think we have the fiscal predispositions to join the eurozone . 
  good . 
  now if we only pushed with reforms and be worthy of entering . 
  yup , i do the same in a lot of cases , ma\u0111arska was one of them . 
  it looked funny so i checked it out . 
  buuurn !, 
  you gave exactly zero arguments for that . 
   there was n't one for nato , so i do n't see a reason government would n't `` dodge '' this one too nope . 
  nato did n't need a referendum , the eu needs to and nobody in the whole political spectrum is denying that , so the chances of any government dodging it are very small . 
  i do n't know or want to get in the root of greek problems , but you guys got a hefty package from germany that bailed out your asses , and you just keep shitting on them and blaming somebody else for your problems . 
  my country is about to go down the same shitter , but there 's nobody to blame but ourselves . 
  thanks to regularly scheduled media panics , i 'll believe it when i 'm walking over diseased cadavers to the store . 
  to get some cornetto , but that 's another movie . 
  which still does n't change my point . 
  op linked to somsthing that 's not a web page and most browsers do n't handle that smoothly . 
  i for one am not going to change my browser just for one feature that i 'm rarely gon na use anyway . 
  ... is used by 5 % of people ? 
  i may have formulated my senteces wrong . 
  here goes : since wwii , europe has been more peaceful than in the centuries before , even if you count in the bloody balkan wars in the 90s . 
  not really , no . 
  that 's what i 'm refering to . 
  since 1945 europe enjoyed a peace not seen for a long time . 
  even if you include the balkan wars in the 90 's , europe has a peace streak not seen in centuries . 
  warning : pdf link . 
  someone please correct me if i 'm wrong , but when exchanging dollars you may have to show your id . 
  i think your lense is distorted by the fact that there are a lot of disappointed americans on reddit , but there is a point to be made .
