  i know this comes as a surprise but things can be of benefit to you without directly depositing money into your pocket . 
  was the king popular before his recent affairs ? 
  excellent point . 
  not that it 's important , but there was also rtv pri\u0161tina and rtv novi sad . 
  i 'm not gon na let some stinky slovenes , serbs , macedonians , montenegrins , bosnians and possibly albanians get their ugly hands on our masterpiece . 
  [ riva - rock me baby , 1989 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guf2z-nxeuq ), 
  i 'm dumb , look at my edit . 
  look at my edit , you 're right . 
  surprised about croatia . 
  we have a shitload of tourists coming in by cars . 
  edit : i 'm a dumbass . 
  thought this are accidents and just looked at the colors . 
  here 's the serbian red cross link that some would find more comfortable : http://www.redcross.org.rs/arhiva__2441, 
   i 'd rather have another war than this shit . 
  not the time to talk about your hobbies , r_s_2k . 
  ships for croatia . 
  after that something like chemicals , oil products , pharmaceuticals . 
  welsh . 
  there should be a similar one about eastern europe . 
   and when you pass the danube and enter the eastern part of vienna , you are now in a desolate wasteland called eastern europe . 
  and then over 9000 comments from 20 nations claiming they 're actually in central europe , not eastern . 
  germany has the bases and infrastructure , the troops are ' t there to defend us from the reds , but are used as a logistics hub for this part of the world . 
  moving them 300 km east means nothing but huge expenses and making poland sleep better at night . 
  is it me or do most titles really make sense thanks to putin ? 
  that time is always right !, 
  like most tenders these days the americans will offer almost free f-16 's , the swedes will offer the gripens , the french will plug the rafale and whoever will try to sell the eurofighter typhoon . 
  there 's also a chance that someone tries to sell them some vintage russian planes but they 'll reject that . 
  i 'm not sure that they 'll buy anything , it 's expensive and countries do n't like sharing military equipment ... 
  if they combined their budgets and bought or leased let 's say 6 gripens per country , that would eat a third of their military budget over 10 years , and that 's just for the hardware and some support . 
  the current geopolitical situation could force them to unite their budgets and get either cheap gripens or a donation of f-16 's . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the baltic states would love to have their own air policing but it 's an expensive sport and something that would need to be closely coordinated with other countries . 
  if anyone has a good source on a potential procurement please let me know . 
  communists wan na fuck up your precious bodily fluids , right ? 
  nice logic . 
  except croatia was built on foundations a bit older than 1941 , i 'll quote the croatian constitution below . 
  if you know your history ( and it does n't seem that you do ) you would notice that modern day croatia was built on the partisan movement in wwii , that started in croatia and for a large period has croats as a majority . 
  croats were killing other croats during that war , and those who won established the borders we have today . 
  republic of srpska never existed in any form until they banished bosnians and croats , lost the war , and got the borders in an accord that establishes that they ca n't be a country . 
   the formation of croatian principalities in the seventh century ;  the independent mediaeval state of croatia founded in the ninth century ;  the kingdom of croats established in the tenth century ;  the preservation of the identity of the croatian state in the croatian-hungarian personal union ;  the independent and sovereign decision of the croatian parliament ( sabor ) of 1527 to elect a king from the habsburg dynasty ;  the independent and sovereign decision of the croatian parliament of the pragmatic sanction of 1712 ;  the conclusions of the croatian parliament of 1848 regarding the restoration of the triune kingdom of croatia under the authority of the banus grounded on the historical , national and natural right of the croatian nation ;  the croatian-hungarian compromise of 1868 on the relations between the kingdom of dalmatia , croatia and slavonia and the kingdom of hungary , grounded on the legal traditions of both states and the pragmatic sanction of 1712 ;  the decision of the croatian parliament of 29 october 1918 to dissolve state relations between croatia and austria-hungary and the simultaneous affiliation of independent croatia , invoking its historical and natural right as a nation , with the state of slovenes , croats and serbs , proclaimed on the former territory of the habsburg monarchy ;  the fact that the croatian parliament had never sanctioned the decision of the national council of the state of slovenes , croats and serbs to unite with serbia and montenegro in the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes ( 1 december 1918 ) , subsequently ( 3 october 1929 ) proclaimed the kingdom of yugoslavia ;  the establishment of the home rule ( banovina ) of croatia in 1939 , by which croatian state identity was restored within the kingdom of yugoslavia ,  establishing the foundations of state sovereignty during the course of the second world war , by the decisions of the antifascist council of national liberation of croatia ( 1943 ) , as opposed to the proclamation of the independent state of croatia ( 1941 ) , and subsequently in the constitution of the people 's republic of croatia ( 1947 ) and all later constitutions of the socialist republic of croatia ( 1963-1990 ) , on the threshold of the historical changes , marked by the collapse of the communist system and changes in the european international order , the croatian nation by its freely expressed will at the first democratic elections ( 1990 ) reaffirmed its millenniary statehood . 
  by the new constitution of the republic of croatia ( 1990 ) and the victory in the homeland war ( 1991-1995 ) , the croatian nation demonstrated its will and determination to establish and defend the republic of croatia as a free , independent , sovereign and democratic state . 
  after slovenia , croatia , bih and kosovo , will you start another war ? 
  history says that you 're not gon na win , methinks . 
  denying the killings of 8000 people should get you not just banned but a kick in the face . 
  you 're a fucking disgrace . 
  republic of srpska was built on genocide and expulsion of non-serbs and has no basis for its borders . 
  the integrity of bosnia and herzegovina is protected by the dayton accords and guaranteed by germany , uk , france , russia and the eu , as well as serbia and croatia . 
  i 'm sure most european countries have a `` greater homeland '' map . 
  russia probably sees their 's as a guidebook . 
  it 's a bit different because belarus is a dictatorship and under some sanctions , but still has a functioning economy . 
  their gdp per capita is higher than a few other european and hovers around serbia , ukraine and bulgaria . 
  when the economy cracks and if lukashenko puts his foot down too much , putin will replace him with a softer strongman . 
   it 's odd to me that belarus , probably russia 's staunchest ally , apparently has the smallest russian population . 
  russian is spoken by 72 % of the population with 11 % for belarussian , they 're practically russians . 
  we do n't need to , really . 
   some say that the protest leaders were being trained by ultranationalist croats . 
  i 'd love sources on that . 
  mostly because our far right is piss poor and got one member of parliament in the last two elections . 
  they are impotent , unorganized and i 'm not sure how or on what they would train anybody . 
  millions of people protested that wars , were you blind at the time ? 
  zoom out . 
  take glasses that have 50 year resolution , not 10 years . 
  take a look at russia 's relationship with europe , take a look at putin 's moves , at the price of oil and shale exploration , pipelines , russia 's warm sea ports , german green energy failures , europe 's gas imports ... connect all the dots . 
  i 'll remove my own geopolitical analysis . 
  except it did . 
  kosovo and vojvodina got de facto republic status and republics got a right to leave in the 1974 constitution . 
  not that it matters , after what happened from 1980 onward . 
  give me a few hours and i 'll do libya 's former flag . 
  i 've got some absinth-variant in stock . 
  cyprus is n't exactly massive so those 45k would make a dent in the local population . 
  libya . 
  every major nato member contributed , and germany withdrew all of their forces from the med and denied diplomatic support in the un . 
  germany has been sitting on the fence far too long . 
  i applaud germany for not getting involved in iraq , but they were n't the only ones and it 's a damn shame that nato ca n't count on one of our wealthiest and strongest member in times of crisis . 
  denim pants were * the * youth accessory in the east , even if they were readily available . 
  my mom still talks about her first salary , she bought a pair of expensive jeans and a record player . 
  that 's why the ( summer ) olympics go to big cities that would have some use from that infrastructure . 
  london is a good example since the olympics were a redevelopment project in disguise , as the mayor said :  i did n't bid for the olympics because i wanted three weeks of sport . 
  i bid for the olympics because it 's the only way to get the billions of pounds out of the government to develop the east end - to clean the soil , put in the infrastructure and build the housing . 
  shit happens when cities and countries spend the money badly and in places where the facilities will rot, 
  for most european countries that position is just politics as usual , managing administration and procurement , for which you are being advised by people specialized in those fields . 
  one might say that the distance from the military is a good thing . 
  the department of defense should also be a watchdog on the military clique that loves to be detached from the civilian eye . 
  somebody to keep them in check . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  if you wanted to know you would know . 
  it is so simple to find out anything these days that it 's lame to blame the media . 
  everybody know about bloody sunday right ? 
  that 's because it happened in their lifetime and it is in popular culture - it is n't the media 's job to educate you about events that happened a hundred years ago . 
  this is already true in some regards , nato forced smaller european armies to specialize themselves . 
  nice flag ... secessionist . 
  i 'm not going into scottish independence , but kosovo has a basis for independence in the 1974 yugoslav constitution . 
   hungarian bank otp bought croatia 's bpc . 
  they have many foreign investments and aim to become a regional power in the sector . 
  never heard of it . 
   dankort , our national debit card system , was down for hours this monday . 
  we 've had the system since 1983 , it 's free to use and i like many other never have any cash on me . 
  so any breakdown can really be felt . 
  is it true that the card is used almost as a national id ? 
   denmark is hosting , and will be in the final ( vs france ) of the 2014 european men 's handball championship .
