  we have both kinds , sometimes in the same pekara . 
  our banking system is solid . 
  what / r/anirdnas said , plus nationalist serbs see muslims as enemies and orthodox christians as allies . 
  russia and greece on one side and albania , kosovo , bosnia and turkey on the other . 
  enough of what , turks ? 
  both serbia and croatia were occupied and attacked by dozens of countries through history , should we abhor everything coming from austria , germany , hungary , bulgaria , greece ... ? 
  i predict a sad life for anyone who holds grudges for 196 years . 
  i always wanted a pony . 
  i like my burek the way i like my women . 
  with meat . 
  these `` blame everything on germany '' articles are so 1945 . 
  gosh , putin 's enemies should stop shooting themselves three times in the head and throwing themselves off bridges . 
  it makes him look bad . 
  oh but how are the markets reacting ? 
   while a town with ~ 30 % of serbian people ca n't have almost ** any ** human rights any ? 
  the only single right that is in question is dual language street signs , and not to mention that the whole thing is blown out of proportion , the government said that if vukovar has 30 % of serbs they will get the signs . 
  i 'm on the side of following the law and giving serbs ( or italians or hungarians ) their rights , and i 'm glad that the current government is planning on doing the same . 
  what pisses me off is people taking all of this very lightly . 
  vukovar was completely destroyed , its population killed or banished and people were taken from the hospital to be shot on a pig farm . 
  after the war ended there was general amnesty and the town is still full of people who were shooting at each other not that long ago . 
  it 's not as simple as `` oh croatia get out of the middle ages '' when tensions and feelings are very high on both sides . 
  it 's a delicate issue and not one that can be defused by simply passing a law . 
  greece is n't small . 
  in size , gdp and population it is in the top quarter in europe . 
  europe is huge . 
  you have a lot too see in every country and without knowing details we really ca n't give you much info . 
   according to the european strategic intelligence and security center , this is the only islamist terrorist act in the history of europe where international islamists collaborated with non-muslims . 
  who were the non-muslims ? 
  what 's that font ? 
  it 's funky . 
  i review laptops among other things and it 's awesome . 
  fresh windows boot up in a couple of minutes and i just choose opera or chrome without downloading ie first . 
  i do n't have anything against ie , it 's a good browser in newer versions , but i use others for testing . 
  no problem . 
  pm me if you have other questions . 
  in cities and tourist areas people speak english and nobody expects you to know more than a few words of croatian . 
  german and italian are a plus , but english is popular enough . 
  the only gay related issue i can see is smooching in public or holding hands , you should n't have to worry about tourist workers or waiters in restaurants . 
  i 'm from zagreb so i 'm a bit biased but i would spend my time between here and somewhere on the seaside . 
  a day in zagreb , stay in zadar for a night or two , and on the way to hvar check out split . 
  good idea . 
  zagreb is vibrant and fun in june and there 's a lot to see and do . 
  visit the upper town , walk around the center and visit the museums . 
  i hate trains in croatia with a passion so buses might be cheaper and faster , not to mention that the bus network is very developed . 
  istria is liberal and has an italian vibe to it . 
  look up rovinj , pula , maybe smaller places like motovun . 
  they all have old towns to walk around , although motovun is a bit inland . 
  hvar is n't a bad option either , it 's practically an english colony during the summer and the old town is very nice , although expensive by croatian standards . 
  dubrovnik is a tourist trap , but a nice one . 
  zadar is n't as conservative as split and it has beaches and a nice old town . 
  the islands are mostly sparsely populated but a lot of them have their charm and since they depend on tourism they are very welcoming . 
  the article you posted is five years old . 
  not a lot changed , but homosexuals are definitely safer than they were . 
  a guy punched two lesbian girls and it was national news next day so such incidents are rare . 
  it 's still a conservative country full of old people so regardless of sexual orientation people avoid french-kissing in public , dressing over the top and being loud or obnoxious . 
  you should feel safe in zagreb , tourist cities on the coast , istria and rijeka . 
  split does n't have the reputation for being gay friendly so keep a low profile if you go there . 
  shame , because the city is nice . 
  what kind of things are you interested in ? 
  i feel it 's almost the opposite in croatia and some neighboring countries . 
  the prevailing attitude is you should do the minimum amount of work expected of you and skip as much as you can because it 's not your job , or somebody else will do it for you . 
  there 's a saying `` you ca n't pay me as little as i 'll work '' and it still sticks , particularly in government work which has always been well paid and hard to lose . 
  it could be just my traditional negative perception of my country , but statistics back me up . 
  out of 3,7 million work capable population , 2 million are inactive . 
  out of 1,1 million pensioners , 73 thousand are younger than 49 and only 12 % worked 40 years or longer . 
  the aflotoxin limit in the us is 0,5 . 
  i nominate myself and as my first move promise to ban all the pesky englishmen that keep invading our fair subreddit . 
  love it or leave it !, 
  ` rope !, 
  the eu is literally hitler . 
  second cheapest wine . 
  every region has its own stupid problems , do n't blame it on everyone . 
  i love showing racists maps like this and percentages that play with their stereotype . 
  `` that 's a fucking lie , everybody knows 50 % of americans are black , not 13 % ! '', 
  what is the correlation with the number of sunny days ? 
   which is allso why our top league ranks 28th in europe . 
  one spot behind croatia . 
  our league is crap , but the national team is always in the world top 10 , something that pisses me off . 
  mali means small in croatian and other languages . 
  so the headline is suggesting hollande has got a tiny penis . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  shocked i say . 
  then use off the shelf technology like satellite phones to send the location back . 
  culture capitols are n't won , they are assigned years ahead on a country basis . 
  how will they communicate with satellites that are around the world ? 
  why not just use gps ? 
  without knowing regional differences and details it 's a bitch to make a map . 
  in a geographic sense you seperated italian alps and put them with southern europe , as well as serbian and croatia panonian plains which are the same as hungarian ones in central europe . 
  politically , you put rich north italy together with typically poor southern countries . 
  the whole task is tough . 
  i started doing my own but it 's impossible to make it right . 
  some parts of germany are typical central europe , some western . 
  estonia would be pissed if i put it in the east ... my own croatia could be made into central and southern , my hometown is west of vienna and north of rome yet most people would put it into eastern or southeastern europe . 
  there are geographic , political and cultural issues here which is why making a map would be futile . 
  let 's find some good ones : - instruktor was good . 
  - bitange i princeze had excellent jokes . 
  - po\u010divali u miru had its first episode yesterday and it looks good . 
  yup , it 's a bit idealistic to think that way . 
  language is one thing connecting people , but there are thousands of things to seperate them . 
  slovenia , croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , macedonia , montenegro , serbia and ... oh just two ?
