as someone who also went to one of these `` elite '' schools i support progressive tax . 
  those that will get a higher tax would continue to live comfortably and it would make life easier for those who do n't have much . 
  the system would need to be good though , none of that ridiculous 80 % tax some places have . 
  i have knowingly one in my lifetime . 
  so at least one i suppose . 
  i walk across the park to school , takes maybe 2 minutes . 
  i 've shot the following weapons : imi galil ar ( military training ) , ak-74 , glock 18 , remington 870 , 357 . 
  magnum , desert eagle , super redhawk revolver , ruger 22/45 , sigsauer sp2022 . 
  i 've never seen someone use a gun outside of a firing range , but my female friend once told me a story where one guy at the bar showed that he had a pistol in his belt . 
  i would n't want to own a gun ( mainly because there 's a lot bigger chance something bad will happen than without it ) but i would like to visit the firing range more often , unfortunately this shit 's expensive . 
  as you can probably tell i like guns , a lot but i am only interested in destroying inanimate fucking objects with them . 
  well as horrible it would be it would solve the problem . 
  more like english , the language where nobody can pronounce anything phonetically . 
  i know these people in real life , you have no idea . 
  oh really ? 
  i am not that surprised . 
  a lot of young guys drown or crash while driving drunk which leaves more women for us . 
  well duh when we get paid 3 times as much for less work in western europe . 
  we do n't hate children , where did you get that bullshit ? 
  my family has 3 kids , my parents grew up in families with 3 and 4 kids respectively and my best friend has 4 siblings . 
  besides you do n't need children , you need hard working young people and there 's no shortage of us . 
  but it is n't now , eastern europe has plenty of very qualified people who would work for a lot less than most western europeans . 
  what you needs is qualified and hard workers , you wo n't get that from syria . 
  i 'd let you know that a lot of people in eastern european countries have n't gotten a raise since their wages were dramatically reduced in 2009 . 
  that 's not really xenophobia looking what is happening in sweden . 
  i went to kyrgyzstan recently , that 's about as much room as i often had . 
  same here , unless i know someone personally or it 's someone who 's life i 've followed for a while ( certain athletes , actors etc ) i just shrug , say that sucks and i move on . 
  if i cared i 'd be in a shitty mood all the time . 
  it is these days , but you still live in 1994 . 
  and it is now called edgariania . 
  i feel like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh63n0gyvxm ) is a good guide on finnish swearing, 
  he was clearly joking around . 
  i 'm the same height , can we really properly stand anywhere on public transport ? 
  he 's a balt , not a slav . 
  no , a true slav wears adidas . 
  because that place is ridiculously depressing . 
  we are already depressed enough over here but at least we occasionally have some snow and some sun . 
   it grives me that we did n't go through the same lustration process that iron curtain countries did . 
  there are still politicians with a shady past in finland . 
  it is n't any different for us . 
  our previous prime minister was an important man during soviet times , essentially a commie . 
  kapo ( basically our version of cia ) keeps covering up stuff , constant money laundering scandals and much more . 
  i do n't even bother to look further into this stuff anymore , i 'm just convinced that any politician who has been in the game for many years is very very dirty . 
  i happen to believe in both of them . 
  judge me . 
   2 ) they 're probably not sweating their balls off holy shit it got hot this week no , we have our radiators working like it 's november . 
  finns do n't stab people , russians are the ones who usually do the stabbing . 
  i. . . do n't even know what to say to that . 
  i still am baffled . 
  when i was there they could n't read my handwriting at all . 
  why do call it as if it 's a separate thing . 
  do n't we write in cursive almost every time when we write with a pen ? 
  neither do i , i 've tried to write without it but that makes sure that 8 year olds write faster than i do . 
  so just because you do n't take it up the ass from russia we are ` russophobes ' ? 
  that 'd be your pubs then . 
  over here paying with your card is usual . 
  of course if the pub is very crowded then you better have cash . 
  only recently huh ? 
  i use cash a few times a month . 
  and country 's most money transfers are cashless . 
  i collect all of those into my little hippo . 
  i get like 5 euros from just 1 and 2 cent coins in one year . 
  borders do n't disappear with schengen . 
  just the border checks . 
  they still check coaches , trains and of course if they find a group of random black people near the border they will get checked . 
  it would n't . 
  i drove on a coach from estonia to berlin once . 
  the bus was stopped soon after the border with latvia , poland and germany . 
  one man was even escorted off if i remember correctly . 
  you do n't have the appropriate id you are in trouble . 
  schengen does n't make it legal for everyone so yes they would still be trying to get into trucks to cross the border . 
  i remember when the biggest bag of chips cost around 1.45 . 
  it 's now at 2 , sometimes more than that . 
  on another note fuck those greedy companies . 
  for example cheetos big bag used to be 100g . 
  then it went down to 90g , now it 's down to 85 . 
  lays was at 90 and is now at 75g i believe and the cost has increased . 
  there are some cheaper beers and he occasional discounts but for the most part it 's something like 80 cents . 
  one beer in a pub you mean . 
  in a store i can get 4 and a half beers with that . 
  i used to go shopping with that amount of money 10 years ago . 
  a very good job , our version was made by a child . 
  not really . 
  what i miss is the pre-euro prices . 
  if you want to watch a spanish movie , then definitely watch [ celda 211 ] ( http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/cell-211/ ) . 
  there is a good reason why it is rated so highly . 
  [ for those who do n't know ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziqt9y4bhou ), 
  i can actually thanks to my danish friend ruben . 
  but can you say j\u00fcri\u00f6\u00f6 \u00fclest\u00f5us ? 
  and occasionally rape all the women in the family . 
  one thing is having classes ( the do n't really do shit ) the other is actually following the news . 
  i probably knew more about politics at 16 than i do now 3 years later because i ca n't be bothered any more , or rather i do n't want to upset myself reading about it . 
  i started seriously following what was going on in politics when i was 15 so it sort of makes sense . 
  that sounds like a good idea , fuck israel, 
  my mom used to say i was positioned like a greek e. 
  you do n't get 25 hours day with dst . 
  90s were fucking nuts everywhere in eastern europe i think . 
  damn russians pulling our safety ranking down, 
   corruption almost eliminated i would 've laughed if it was n't so sad . 
  which means by the time i 'm 70 there is no retirement age .
