the usa has areas with a lot of spainish radio, 
  rayonnement as well, 
  thanks i 'll check it out !, 
  thanks , ill check it out !, 
  where 's here !, 
  come portsmouth now !, 
  or granada between the 19th to 28th for a beer !, 
  communism or no communism , cuba would be similar either way with the embargo, 
  when you lived in romania did you keep both leu and forints ? 
  becoming more and more needed to ensure the defense of europe , america is looking less and less trustworthy to look after us ( especially is someone like trump is elected ) , so the only and best way would be to create a system of common defense and co-operation . 
  if done properly it can reduce costs , increase efficiency and bring the continent closer together, 
  because its a shit picture, 
  i plan to visit them all but least like is belerus , do n't know of anything really interesting there , and their democracy / human rights etc is terrible, 
  to american media ? 
  united kingdom ? 
  the winchester is an invaluable asset, 
  islands get bonuses because migrating hordes that could come from asia , africa and the rest of europe are unable to enter with ease we do n't have much in the way of weapons so we lose points , but we do have a very respectable military force extremely densely populated so we start with a lot of zombies . 
  fast food culture means we should have a fair bit of food which lasts for a long time , and with no cfa anymore our fishers can feed us well . 
  i think we 'll be one of the better off nations, 
  always felt the healthiest way for the eu to operate is with more smaller states made from the current , or less larger federations ; creating more equal states in terms of population, 
  j'aime france < 3, 
  ohhh , glasgow shower to me is when someone is downing their drink and it goes down their front, 
  italian shower : using lots of perfume in lieu of showering pardon my french : apologies for swearing . 
  irish exit : to leave a night out without informing anyone, 
  we call that an italian shower, 
  seconded !, 
  lucas is probably the best , but we have a very bad bunch, 
  voting for parliament and also coming in your internal elections , which forms the council , as they both have co-decision in legislation and the elections of the commission . 
  i 'm all for a federal eu but that would be too quick and would destroy markets etc , has to take a while or it could be a diaster, 
  [ spinnaker tower ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/spinnaker_tower ) at 170 metres et [ tour perret ] ( https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_perret_ ( amiens ) ) a 104 metres, 
  preferably both, 
  the grand some of nobody !, 
  there is n't a party that represents my social europhile ( hate that word , sounds derogatory ) views, 
  you are in erm ii though, 
  uk : i would like to join the euro !, 
  british federalist here , life is painful right now ; just a few years ago i was hoping for schengen , euro , greater military cooperation , etc etc, 
  the world wide web probably, 
  are you french ? 
  witcher has given me endless hours of entertainment, 
  albania , serbia or montenegro will be next . 
  bosnia is some distance away , though with the application finally coming in the first step has been made, 
  iceland has issues with the ice save dispute , mainly against the uk and netherlands ; as well as issues with fisheries and whale hunting . 
  i disagree though , it 's not out of the question for public option and circumstances to change quite rapidly, 
  peep show and shameless too, 
  [ ditto ] ( http://cdn2.theweek.co.uk/sites/theweek/files/styles/gallery_adv/public/2015/06/princess_charlotte_-_gallery_02.jpg?itok=mwmllfor ), 
  any use of violence or death targeted against innocents is entirely inexcusable, 
  ohh bit early for me , though miss french had been teaching since the 70 's, 
  good old fashioned mission civilisatrice . 
  into which depth did you learn about it ? 
  where in buckinghamshire ? 
  how long ago ? 
  we might have had the same teacher, 
  custom flairs with strict guidelines please . 
  damn son, 
  the only word i recognize is where . 
  always got to have at least 10 euros or pounds on me . 
  just in case i see something where they do n't take debit . 
  all the cypriot and greek people i know have the same attitude , `` people who swear are malakas '' . 
  it seems to be every other word sometimes, 
  4 \u00d7 france . 
  3 \u00d7 german 1 \u00d7 spain, 
  or not too much, 
  if its for the good of the monarchy , he 's really unpopular compared to his kids . 
  that 's only if people really hate it, 
  so-so , we have one official republican party , which has thus far gained 23 votes in its existence . 
  but we do have a fair amount of republican politicians , most high profile being jeremy corbyn , as well as various other labour and lib dem politicians . 
  there are various pressure and lobby groups too , least of which is ` republic ' . 
  i think charles will abdicate or pass it on when his turn comes to his much more popular kids , postponing the day we can become a republic :(, 
  yes, 
  sant\u00e9 in france , or literally health . 
  \u00c0 votre sant\u00e9 , or too your health more formally . 
  \u00c0 la tienne too , which means to your ( health ) but that 's more rare in my experience eye contact and drinking immediately afterwards is a must , and no crossing arms . 
  which was a bit of a culture shock at first because in england we look nowhere in particular, 
  turkey , leave said and they do n't lie, 
  ante meridiem et post meridiem , before and after midday . 
  not in the uk , is it used in belgium too ? 
  a wesh wesh if you use that word too, 
  we might finally have peace on this continent, 
  got ta be careful wishing for a billion people on your doorstep , china and india are scary demographically, 
  not quite european , not quite middle east/asia . 
  though they are moving more towards the middle east now, 
  trade switzerland for north korea, 
  sounds like a prank , but also something that could be true , i should have made this thread : what 's a phrase which is rude or unusual in another language, 
  yeah , but i 'm bored and i 'm asking europe, 
  only if canada can join, 
  federal republic of germany, 
  uk will probably strong arm itself , at least that 's my hope . 
  eu has n't shown any sign of trying to stop the exit , think they realise it will put off other exits , and remove a major obstacle to closer union . 
  depends on events , eu army or closer battle groups seems to be the next step , again without the uk i think it 'll he accelerated . 
  if they match rhe accession criteria set out in the treaties i could see many countries joining ; former yugoslavic countries , ukraine , et al. 
  very very very very very very very very etc etc far away . 
  the biggest threat is terrorist nuclear attacks by non state actors , even north korea have enough self-preservation to not do so , and it 's a very limited nuclear club, 
  yeah the frg, 
  international !, 
  seems an excellent link that will reduce ground travel time considerably , reducing the amount of pollution considerably . 
  will be expensive but these projects get me so i 'm all for it, 
  [ 3000 ] ( https://youtu.be/tu7hogzaspo ) , not much has changed but farage is a cyborg, 
  east germany, 
  uk : would n't mind getting rid of them to be honest, 
  what about norway , iceland or the swiss , developed countries on a similar standard to the north/west,
