wo n't someone think of the bankers !, 
  the uk has been better off without the euro . 
  i agree , its somewhat to late now , but middle eastern regime changing games are what helped birth isis . 
  a lot of isis commanders , were ex baath party ( sadam 's party ) which was dismantled by the us invasion . 
  by taking out saddam and the bp , a political void was left for isis to exploit . 
  the more we meddle out there , the more it will continue to blow up in our face . 
  the answer is too difficult for some to accept , and far too politically risky for most centre left / right politicians to enact . 
  it would be two fold : 1 . 
  cease all international military engagements in the middle east , and stop meddling in their political sphere ( by-proxy regime changes etc ) . 
  stop all migration from those countries - until the risk is shown to no longer be present . 
  now for point 2 ; this is of course controversial / trump like and is not a panacea solution to stop terrorism , as some attacks are committed by migrants born into the host country they have attacked . 
  but it will at least reduce risk , by not adding more potential terrorists . 
  nations can then start to deal with those already present by means of national security and social outreach . 
  not the best solution , but i honestly can not see another one available , other then seeing matters escalate until the far right takes power and again europe ends up with ethnic cleansing happening on its lands again . 
  we are talking about legal protection in employment law for individuals , and you 're bringing up the iraq war ? 
  at this present time , the uk is still in the eu and so therefore falls under eu employment law . 
  well you should report them then , as its illegal . 
  unless of course , you just made it up . 
  we are jealous of your music , that 's all . 
  maybe on ebay , but i am to lazy to start my vpn and bring up an incognito tab to check it out . 
  we have taken over that role now . 
  this is true , but deeply unpopular at the same time : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/newsnight/4442010.stm, 
   and scotland would be too , eventually . 
  they already are . 
   the eu promotes the idea of open borders for a reason . 
  the may well do , but the rest of the work ( namely the uk / ni in this instance ) do n't have open borders . 
  that 's a bad example , as currently both ireland and the uk are in the eu . 
  building a border between ni and the ireland is an even bigger possible fuck up as it will flare up war and secretariat violence again . 
  around 30 years were spent removing the checkpoints there and finding a peace agreement . 
  you think it , sure , people think all sorts of things , but without facts they are nothing but platitudes . 
  how are your banks going over there ? 
  any economic growth yet since the last major recession ... ok , well enjoy the euros that you can not devalue to resurrect your crappy economy. , because it would not suit the needs of the master ecb bank . 
  putting up a boarder is going to be very complicated , and short of commercial shipping , how would free trade work with the eu , if the trucks need to first drive through the uk ? 
  well i live in the rural uk and there is a large agricultural community here and its business as usual . 
  they were all pro brexit too . 
  is he qualified , certainly yes . 
  suitable ? 
  well that is another question and only time will tell . 
  comment credit to user/fuckjeah see , a single currency meant nations that had higher risk were able to take out credit at rates of countries with lower risk , and this then lead to all sorts of problems , including the inability to use quantitative easing to offset debt problems and local spending ( because the currency is managed from a central authority who has other concerns ) . 
  then there is the fact that jobs shifted across borders because the single market does n't equal a single tax authority , so that , combined with alternate work cultures lead to higher youth unemployment than other developed parts of the world . 
  there have been brain drains on several places in europe . 
  then there is the protectionism of certain local industries that can very often be at the behest of people in alternate industries and lower competition which slows innovation and is worse for the consumer , who now seek american services as opposed to european ones because we just ca n't compete at that level due to some of these problems . 
  europe is n't the worst part of the planet , but it is far from prosperity , it is an extremely low growth area and there is not much more room for key industries to expand , we already have 3 meals a day and gadgets and clothes . 
  no its not , stop making shit up . 
  it has nothing to do with nationality , nor religion . 
  its based on one race believing it is superior over another ( why am i even bothering to explain this ? ), 
  hey , do n't bother mate . 
  it 's like trying to rationalise with a crazy-ex . 
  park a van outside google offices with a message ` dear google , keep calm and move to london ', 
  what people need to keep in mind , is boris was a successful journalist known for opinion pieces ( think jeremy clarkson ) . 
  these folks do n't get attention on their writings by being nice to everyone . 
  rather dramatic . 
  second part of the paragraph . 
  i ca n't see any mention of his name at all ? 
  gove has just gone ( yay ! ), 
  - and jeremy hunt too !, 
  this has been a good morning . 
  not going to happen , read the article and to add the latest news on the matter : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/philip-hammond-brexit-single-market-eu-referendum-theresa-may-cabinet-chancellor-a7136101.html, 
  what do you mean by special ? 
  if we get single access market , without freedom of movement , sure we will take it . 
  but realistically both the eu has said no , and the new uk government is saying ` no ' to any sort of freedom of movement , so its more likely trade deals between the uk and the eu will be approached on the same basis as any other country outside of the eu . 
  the whole ` special treatment ' rhetoric needs to go now , we are leaving . 
  crushing austerity , but hey the banks are being bailed out , so its all good . 
  his own words contradict himself then . 
  what choice is left though , when a european council president uses punishment rhetoric ? 
  just sit back and take it ? 
  the uk is not greece . 
  you do know that nigel farage and his german wife are both white ? 
  you 're confusing xenophobia and racism . 
  so some crappy 4chan made paintshop pictures negate facts now ? 
  ok .  maybe you 're right and he changed his mind / wo n't turn out racist . 
  he is married to a half indian lady , you 're just slurring someone to meet an agenda , which is really low man . 
  it is like watching a crazy ex girlfriend post on facebook . 
  so you do n't have any facts then ? 
  just assumptions ? 
  i dislike boris , but how are you claiming he is racist ? 
  for wanting to leave the eu ? 
  better to leave them to the circlejerk then speak of facts . 
  oh it is , she has appointed a cabinet member to handle brexit . 
  boris will be sent out to china and india to entertain them like some sort of cheesy sales man . 
  boris has nothing to do with brexit , that will be david davis who has been giving his as a sole role . 
  boris will be no more then a sales man sent out to china , india etc where they like his bafoonery . 
  david davis is in charge of brexit , boris will have nothing to do with it . 
  he will be sent out to china , the us and india etc to do his baffoon act out there . 
  david davis is in charge of brexit - its his sole purpose in cabinet . 
  boris will be sent out to china and india to cohort there . 
  it 's not as crazy as you think , when you consider boris wo n't be let anywhere near the eu ( that will be the more sober david davis ) , instead boris will cohort with the china , india , the us etc , which is where he is at his best . 
  this is like a mother giving a kid a rattle so he stays by her side and she can keep an eye on him . 
  lets dig up old news from three years ago , to fight a fight that no longer exists . 
  move on man . 
  that would be the route that you apply , if you 're already overseas . 
  and it 's also people already living outside of the uk in the eu . 
  nothing to see here . 
  some nice platitudes there stavros . 
  me personally or the entire united kingdom ? 
  so you saw a few kids chilling on a beach during your holiday and so everything is ok ? 
  right . 
  yes , wealth inequalities certainly need addressing with a re-balancing to the north , but we are far beyond the horrendous disparities in the eu . 
  well that is because the others dropped out . 
  theresa may had a huge majority during the first round of voting by the party , that the others realised they had no chance against her , and it was instead better to drop out and support her leadership .
