  the same is the case for rackspace too . 
  at most we are talking web hosting companies . 
  unfortunate for some fringe cases , but its hardly going to tank the it industry , to the degree that some are rubbing their crutches over in the above comments . 
  most data is stored with cloud providers now , so migrating to another zone is pretty trivial , even if its in terabyte range . 
  viva la europe then, 
  so you think 40 % youth unemployment is typical ? 
  it looks far from that where i am . 
  people just going about their daily lives . 
  so 2014 is news now ? 
  also very different when you read the full context of what was said :  `` as an operator , but not as a human being , i would say putin , '' he replied . 
  `` the way he played the whole syria thing . 
  brilliant . 
  not that i approve of him politically . 
  how many journalists in jail now ? '' i personally dislike farage , but it reeks of desperation to post this for want of a slur . 
  and yet now its recoverying to pre brexit levels https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=%5eftse, 
  the eu ftt put laid to any of those plans , especially now with its main challengers out of the way , and its new date coming up again to push it relentlessly forward . 
  spain too , millions of disillusioned youth seeing no future ahead of them . 
  erm ... 
  immaterial until we find out if the government will continue the funding themselves ( which they were already doing in the first place , by proxy of the eu , so no reason to see they would stop ), 
  careful what you wish for . 
  this is likely to hit the eu perhaps even harder then the uk . 
  if you want a clue , it starts with greece , hits spain and ends somewhere around italy . 
  let 's see . 
  no one really knows for sure . 
  its actually middle class english who are footing the bill , if you really want to look at it in such a limited view . 
  i would hazard a guess countries that are suffering under austerity , and seeing entire generations disenfranchised with unemployment levels near 50 % . 
  nothing , but the folk you 're calling chavs , were once the industrious working class and the likes of coal miners , steel workers . . you would be pushed to find a harder worker then those men and women . 
  they had a future , social cohesion and community . 
  those industries were ripped apart ( no fault of the eu ) and replaced with a service industry , where people are offered temp contracts / zero hours and no security for the future generations . 
  the once former industrial towns have now collapsed into poverty , crime and drug abuse . 
  rather then fix the issues , the government opened up for a plentiful supply of cheap labour . 
  the kind of folk who wo n't mind sharing eight people to a small family home and work for minimum wage , with next to little no job security . 
  i ca n't blame them , as they are making good money compared to the poor former eastern block country they left . 
  but its left the broken communities with a bad taste for globalization , and they see it has no benefit for them at all . 
  this is why they mobilised and got us booted out of the eu ( which is even more of a shit state to be in ) . 
  thanks man , hope it works out for you too . 
  this is a myth that needs to die . 
  the lazy , fat people you refer too are the working class . 
  formerly some of the hardest working people you could find . 
  we are talking coal miners , steel workers , people who would do an honest hard day 's work . 
  well their industries were decimated due to the fault of are own government and globalisation . 
  they went from strong communities , centred on the pillars of work and family to unemployment and social strife ( crime , drug addiction etc ) . 
  the uk forgot them , and having a job for life and a certain future for the next generation , became minimum wages and zero day contracts . 
  these new temporary , unstable poor paying jobs , were then scooped up by the influx of cheap workers from the eu . 
  folk who were happy to share a small family house with 8 strangers , with a tiny wage that carries weight back in their own poor country , thereby tapering demand for a workforce , and keeping wages flat . 
  so what happened next ? 
  the fat , lazy folk you referenced realised globalisation and free movement of labour , had nothing for them . 
  it 's great for a worker from the former eastern bloc or some multi national that needs people to pick orders from shelf 's , while they pay zero tax from having a hq in brussels , but the locals its a shit . 
  with all this in mind , they ca n't be blamed for taking the opportunity to vote leave , as things really can not get anymore worse then they already are for them . 
  you also have the european union financial transaction tax ( eu ftt ) , which already scared them off . 
  the banks wo n't move to the eu as they know the eu will enforce the european union financial transaction tax ( eu ftt ) , where the city of london held group . 
  if anywhere they would head to asia . 
  why would they be forced to move though ? 
  you 're not making much of a convincing argument here . 
  you do n't understand british politics if you think ukip has even a sniff of getting any power . 
  we would need to change voting systems for that to happen . 
  you forgot greece , followed by the domino style spread to portugal , spain and italy and beyond . 
  you 're whistling in the dark if you think it 's just going to be case of just moving on . 
  true , and it 's also time for the eu to reflect or just blame bad old uk . 
  it has member states with vast inequality , with around 50 % youth unemployment , terrorism , poor economic performance and a looming unresolved debt crisis . 
  my country has likely gone to shit now , i realise that , but hearing from others who want to punish me and my kids future , suggests to me something is very wrong and it 's maybe better the relationship is at its end . 
  hyperbole which in no way pertains to my comment , but sure , you carry on with your party ( german pop music by any chance ? ), 
  you just contradicted yourself in the same paragraph . 
  i actually voted remain , but i am amazed by the eu mob mentality here , like a snubbed crazy ex spouse . 
  hey , come and join , just do n't ever think about leaving or we will punish you and laugh at your misfortunes . 
  i am actually starting to reflect that leaving , while as insane as it seems now , may in hindsight prove to be the right decision . 
  it 's certainly a better discussion over there , then the neurotic hand thrashing underway on / r/unitedkingdom, 
  fuck , the vote was only this morning . 
  it 's also possible they may look back and be grateful they left when they did . 
  minimum wage jobs do n't yield much tax in the first place . 
  ok , but we take our music with us too . 
   `` from a legal standpoint , there is a lot the u.k. can do in terms of scoping and negotiating new trade agreements while still in the eu , '' said shanker singham , director of economic policy at the legatum institute think tank in london . 
  `` the eu obviously wo n't like that . 
  the question becomes , does the u.k. lose a lot by annoying the eu or are they sufficiently annoyed already that it does n't make a difference ? '' they are sufficiently annoyed already , its all we ever hear about now . 
  we are yet to see where this train next arrives , but parts of the eu are still clearly upset and reading in far to much rejection into the uks decision to leave , so i do n't think its going to be simple at all . 
  eu - `` if you do n't like it , leave . 
  stop expecting special privileges '' uk `` ok we are going . . '' eu `` do n't expect to retain single market access , without accepting the four freedoms !! '', 
  uk `` ok , we will leave the single market too . . '' ... 
  related to trump , but captures it so well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glg9g7bcjks, 
  so what are you talking about then ? 
  trade sanctions do not equal confiscation of an individuals capital . 
  if a russian , syrian or libyan arrive in the us , customs do not proceed to asset strip them based on their nationality . 
  i must be ignorant then , can you name a country that strips innocent citizens of their capital outside of failed states ? 
  cancer = different view to me ? 
  so you have no proof , its just an opinion . 
  thought so . 
  the burden of proof is not on me ... 
  i asked you for proof on the british public following the daily express more then the bbc ? 
  that might well be the case , i am really not here to defend the express , its a pitiful piece of crap . 
  the uk would not escalate , we would just end up again being the ones to deal with the situation and clean up the mess . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  you 're talking about banning people from entering or seizing their capital based on their country of origin . 
  that sounds very fascist to me . 
  there is not a single country in existence that strips citizens of their capital based on their country of origin ( omitting isis occupied areas in syria / iraq ), 
  i might have got that completely wrong then , i though it was the german tabloid equivalent to the express . 
  pretty much in the same useless manner she will try to keep people from watching porn . 
  its the bbc , the express is as relevant to this as spiegel.de, 
  so we are becoming the next set of jews now ? 
  that would be tantamount to a trade war and could well escalate to world war three, 
  they call it ` point of sale ' .
