  the last one standing against her , dropped out today , which is why she became pm . 
  time will tell economically too , and brexit may well turn out to be a blessing in disguise . 
  then you might get what we had before , a coalition government - conservatives ( cameron ) and liberal democrats ( nick clegg ) , both in government . 
  they would motion the parliament act , a general election would happen , and if get a majority of seats , they power share . 
  yes , as you elect a party , not a pm . 
  the party elects its leader , who is pm ( if that party has a majority of seats - see below for what constitutes a seat ) . 
  so in my town , i will have about 5-6 candidates , who each represent a party and stand for election - labour , conservatives , greens , ukip , liberal democrats , and maybe an independent . 
  they put forward local policies on why to elect them ( `` i will promise to reduce crime in this town , by increasing local police and getting them new cars '' ) . 
  i vote one of them in as the mp of my town . 
  each mp / town ( constituency ) has a seat in parliament . 
  the party with the most seats , has majority and is the government in power . 
  if they do n't have a majority , they do a deal - which is why we had nick clegg and cameron in power as a coalition government . 
  this means the pm then needs to insure he has consensual agreement with his party ( which was elected to power ) , or they can motion a vote of no confidence and elect someone else . 
  when you vote in the uk , you vote for an mp within your local constituency , who belongs to a political party . 
  you never vote for a prime minister . 
  each constituency ( town ) has a ` seat ' in parliament . 
  the political party with the most seats , is the majority , so they are in power , and the leader ( who they elect ) is pm . 
  the question is more over if such a thing as a euro still event exists then . 
  spoken like someone who clearly has no idea how the uk political system works . 
  time will tell , but the uk 's standing both politically and economically just substantially improved . 
  that is how it works , and has always worked . 
  the last time was brown / blair . 
  this is no doubt a preemptive action to the reports due next week on the italian banks ecb stress tests . 
  this is a real concern , if italy plays up , it will likely contagion to spain and portugal as well . 
  this could be the euro crisis , to top them all . 
  seatbelts on , it could be a bumpy ride . 
  this is the key point that everyone is missing . 
  on the whole the uk has been very good at accepting migrants . 
  we have the most multi cultural city in europe . 
  its the rate of change which angered many a leave voter . 
  its been pockets of mass migration into small british towns , which were already near full quota for doctor surgeries , schools and housing . 
  here is a clear example ( boston ) which is referenced in the study : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjx0hjpkfme, 
  data is heavily skewed by london . 
  you sound like my crazy ex girlfriend . 
  its fear . 
  what rocked the uk , was going from somewhere seen as being a rock of political , fiscal stability , to chaos . 
  by september a new pm will be in , a more unified government , and after that it will be business as usual . 
  speculation as expected . 
  that is due to minimum wage . 
  the salary bottoms out . 
  do you have any proof for that , or its just speculation ? 
  this is mostly r&d , so skilled work . 
  i expect they want british engineering working on designing products and developing the digital media / cloud services . 
  it 's mostly skilled r&d they are hiring . 
   which would be stupid considering that unless uk stays in single market the ordering from co.uk does n't make that much sense anymore . 
  amazon.co.uk makes a huge amount of revenue in supplying the uk consumer market . 
  that wo n't be changing anytime soon . 
  something tells me , if news broke tomorrow that amazon were cancelling plans and would instead move the 1000 jobs to berlin , the tone in here would be very different . 
  you would never admit that of course , but its plain obvious . 
  which would be a shame since one of our own invented it . 
  650000 jobs in one week ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  you do know that amazon run other ventures outside of a website for someone to buy stuff from ? 
  they are investing in r&d which will work on products which are sold globally - amazon cloud , prime ( digital media content ) , kindle etc. 
  another one who did not read the article :  `` we are hiring for all types of roles from software engineers , computer programmers and corporate managers in our r&d centres and head office , to operations managers , engineers , service technicians , hr roles and order fulfilment roles in our fulfilment centres . '', 
  i guess that does not fit the narrative to well though . 
  they are hiring for r&d ( software engineers , project managers ) who will most likely work on amazon cloud , products ( kindle ) or the main website infrastructure . 
  not warehouse staff to pick stuff off shelves to sell overseas . 
  not far off that . 
  i did a lot of farm work ( mainly fruit picking ) when i was younger ( before freedom of movement was a thing ) and we did the job to good enough standard . 
  it 's seasonal work , and so it suits some people really well . 
  there was never a shortage of workers . 
  a lot of students , hippy travellers and people wanting to get out of the city . 
  believe it or not , these jobs were easily filed before , and would be again . 
  this is just plain old scaremongering again . 
  beer , as yours is shit . 
   on their way to become german they are applying for citizenship ? 
  ` fight the real enemy , tory austerity ' - austerity is a strange selection to protest against , when being pro eu . 
  you could do with some comma 's there bud . 
  seems fairly equal spread to me . 
  its also never black and white . 
  itt : this is because of another reason . . 
  they will need to default on debts and go back to their former sovereign currency , as there is only so long you can force austerity on people already under economical pressure . 
  pretty soon they start rioting and governments start resigning . 
  i hope it never happens . 
  fair point , mis-read your intent . 
  careful what you wish for . 
  if the uk is in financial turmoil , there is a very strong chance greece and other eu economies still on life support , will start to decimate . 
  that will likely finish off the eu . 
  clickbait  it was not possible `` to draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters of the group ''  but it added : `` it remains unclear at this point how many of those positive attributes will remain in place once the process of the uk 's exit from the european union has been completed . 
  it is therefore not yet possible to draw any firm conclusions regarding the long-term location for the headquarters of the group . 
  every single corporation in the uk will say the same thing , and every journalist will spin it to look like more then it is . 
  anything not clearly anti-uk is getting downvoted . 
  he says nothing at all about free movement . 
  i am not here to defend boris , but why would you add to the title , something he did not even say ? 
  he outlines a points based system for immigration , which is not eea . 
  so i fail to see where its not what brexiteers voted for ? 
  hmm , not for me its not . 
  try private browsing , you might have used up your quota . 
  if you 're going to be an ignoramus i can not waste time talking to you . 
  i really like munich ( berlin is cool as well ) . 
  because i am a badly paid it support engineer and not in power ? 
  i am sure we could rustle up some romanian beggars for them . 
  and the cracks now start appearing . 
  you welcome an organisation who launders drug trafficking money , and rigs the libor rate , just to spite the brits ? 
  45 % youth unemployment , no thanks . 
  this is no different from someone collecting pictures of neo-nazis from germany , denmark , sweden , greece ( or any given eu member state ) and captioning ` racism , xenophobia and islamophobia from europeans ) . 
  where are you from ? 
  amazon are not based in the uk , the nearest data centre is in already in ireland : https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure the main cloud providers ( omitting small uk web hosting firms ) always have the customer choose the availability zone for storage . 
  they do n't make the choice themselves , exactly because of data storage directives , such as the eu 's .
