  in my opinion a much more federal union , based on traditional regions , would facilitate european integration a lot . 
  and conserve an essential part of europe . 
  its diversity . 
  national states ( france ) prove the contrary . 
  what if i told you that bar\u00e7a could easily keep playing in the spanish league if there was a consensus in the spanish football federation . 
  but instead of being neutral they make themselves muppets of the central state and its policies . 
  threatening with excludin them is just another effort to exercise pressure on a legitimate democratic movement . 
  european reality can look very different . 
  take a look at the austrian multinational ice hockey league for instance !, 
  you have teams from south tyrol ( italy ) , slowenia and other former k&k regions in it . 
  what if i told you that bar\u00e7a could easily keep playing in the spanish league if there was a consensus in the spanish football federation . 
  but instead of being neutral they make themselves muppets of the central state and its policies . 
  threatening with excludin them is just another effort to exercise pressure on a legitimate democratic movement . 
  european reality can look very different . 
  take a look at the austrian multinational ice hockey league for instance !, 
  you have teams from south tyrol ( italy ) , slowenia and other former k&k regions in it . 
  i bet the usual argument `` i thought nationalisms were a thing of the past in europe/i do n't want europe to split up into dozens of minor states . '', 
  german neurotics who compare nowadays ' europe to the situation of the german state ( s ) before the ` unification ' really make me angry . 
  prussia ( as of everything above n\u00fcrnberg ) is kind of our africa . 
  do n't get me started again on the minority complex north germans have towards bavaria . 
  oh wait , damn , too late . 
  literally everything is better here ( including education by the way , you ignorant culture-averse forest monkey ) . 
  no matter the amount of bullshit you spread those are the hard facts my friend . 
  but stay where you are , we already have too many northern german aliens living here in bavaria . 
  economic refugees . 
  been a while i have been demanding obligatory visas for saxons and other fortune seeking forest people . 
  the day bavaria died, 
  so what ? 
  your argument against catalonian independence is that there are many different cultures/people in spain ? 
  why do you care so much about a region you do n't live in ? 
  what makes you think you have to take part in this discourse ? 
  i 'm curious about the motives of many spanish people who so fervently refuse catalonian independence . 
  for me the only explanation is pure banal nationalism . 
  can one person rationally explain to me why the idea of this institution called ` national state ' being something god given and indiscutible is so f *** engraved in people 's minds ? 
  and on the other hand everyone with a different model for the future of europe being more federal , authentic and democratic being almost brandmarked as either extremely radical or stupid or both ? 
  why are you people in spain or elsewhere so concerned with the fact that a certain linguistic/cultural minority seeks to determine their future and the future of their children themselves ? 
  if we were so f **** european , we would do everything to at least give them the vote they deserve and if the outcome was positive make sure they can re enter the eu and schengen . 
  you would n't even notice you 're driving to another country because borders in europe are something from dark , long gone ages . 
  or are they ? 
  hipocrits, 
  what 's your point ? 
  did you feel attacked personally ? 
  i did n't mean to speak for all brexiters , but the ones i described seem to be the majority on social media platforms . 
   the video in that article shows a map in which albania is an eu member . 
  i do n't recall that happening . 
   anyways , i hope the british people vote to stay . 
  i believe we need more integration rather than division ( despite my disdain for the current generation of eurocrats ) very well put , mate, 
  it seems that 99 % of social media traffic comes from obnoxious brexiters . 
  loud , agressive , ignorant , brute and often very racist . 
  well put . 
  europe is hypocrite there . 
  or some of its member states . 
  it has repeatedly been said by merkel , too . 
  national integrity is priority . 
  have you ever heard of a referendum south tyrol , flandes , catalonia , the basque country and way more ? 
  many european countries do n't recognize kosovo albania either . 
  90 % of brexiter 's comments on social media are appalling . 
  if that was a mirror of british society , one would be inclined to say please leave already . 
  but i know many englanders and hope the majority is reasoned enough to say yes to our grand european project of solidarity and fraternity . 
  we must grow together , not separate . 
  censoring will do the trick . 
  no wait, 
  the nationalist logic behind your post is lamentable . 
  when has what a bunch of ignorant lunatics have to say on a matter become a reasonable argument ? 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm reading . 
  anyways stop the hates much love and hugs from bavaria , poland . 
  united in diversity and brotherly solidarity, 
  well in response to that i 'd say in true solidarity we should stand together in the good and in the bad times . 
  together we 're strong and diversity is our backbone . 
  much will have to be changed , reforms will undoubtedly have to be made . 
  but fundamentally , it is the right thing to do i believe . 
  all of europe is culturally and ethnically entwined , artificial borders have built up frontiers in people 's minds for a long time . 
  we are much more alike than different . 
  long live europe, 
  thanks for the detailed answer , very interesting input there . 
  i heavily doubt that british cultures are closer to the us ' . 
  have you ever been to the us ? 
  i think you have to differentiate between the consumption of us mainstream culture ( like everywhere on europe and alswhere ) , music and movies so to say and the predominant cultures in britain . 
  i think you 're just not aware how european you are in the end . 
   interesting fact to name the anglos and saxons , too , which were both continental germanic tribes . 
  what i 'm saying is that england for instance would n't exist without continental european invaders/settlers or whatever you like to call it . 
  same for the english language , ironically born as i already pointed out because of the invasion of a french speaking germanic tribes in 1066 , the norman . 
  historically speaking . 
  at last i 'm convinced that you should be allowed to exercise your right to determine your future . 
  i 'd like that future of yours to be imbeded in europe being an essential part of european solidarity and integration . 
  choose wisely !, 
  hehe i knew i should have been more precise on this one . 
  solidarity no matter ones origins, 
  here you can download the pdf . 
  https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/05/pks-und-pmk-2015.html quite surprising , indeed . 
  exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  let 's start with european identity . 
  the first question is : why is that so ? 
  everything - the people , the language , culture everything is european by definition . 
  why were/are the grand majority against european integration ? 
  what would you say are the reasons ? 
  is it irrational fears , an overly nationalistic egocentrism paired with - how should i put this - the sentiment of lost significance not only in europe but globally after the empire crumbled ? 
  how would you explain it ? 
  has n't their membership always been about acquiring most possibe benefits ? 
  it has always been near impossible to find english people who would actually consider themselves ` eurpean ' - it was more like a marriage if convenience than anything else in the first place .
