whatever hispanonationalists come up with do n't get intimidated . 
  only the people of catalonia decide about the future of their territory , no one else . 
  with the absolute majority in the regional parliament supporting you set the sails towards independence and make the first step to a federal conversion our continent needs to further integrate . 
  greetings from bavaria, 
  the question really is who wants to live in this god forsaken shithole anyway ? 
  the cons of our political system being organised in national states . 
  berlin fucks up entire towns with their immigration policy . 
  sharia police.jpg prussians flee from their towns immigrating to more conservative bavaria and slowly make bavarian culture/language/identity disappear . 
  do n't even let them reach vienna this time ^ ^, 
  same story in germany, 
  bring in the hussars, 
  the german national state was founded in 1871 !, 
  long before the territory was ` bavarian ' , take a look at this map from 900 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria#/media/file:baiern_unter_den_carolingern_im_jahre_900.jpg, 
  90 % of all pictures in bavaria , 
  when it comes to my hometown being alienated by german economic refugees , being serious is the only option . 
  so much more warmhearted and friendly than lowland germans ? 
  i thought everybody knew that, 
  that 's right all i see is a lack of bavarian identity . 
  but pleasem rather feel german if you 're an isarpreiss and we 're all happy . 
  shame, 
  education . 
  oh and quite a magnificent specimen , too !, 
  now you 're calling me a troll ? 
  who the flying f * do you think you are ? 
  i 'm a bavarian federalist/regionalist and pretty much antinationalist because i do not identify with the national state bavaria finds itself in . 
  i despise the self righteous manner you 're very quick labeling people you do n't know with . 
  https://stop-ttip.org/de/?noredirect=de_de people shout for more democracy . 
  however , when given the chance to actually influence politics , many do n't seem to care . 
  why else would this petition only have roughly 2,5 m signatures . 
  mei anke , if you like it or not , as a bavarian i will never agree on your levelling gobbledegook . 
  different and proud . 
  by the way you should think of getting rid of your `` federal europe '' tag with your one dimensional , national reasoning . 
  they are not bavarians , they are completely different people . 
  i hate this national-state centred way of reasoning . 
  this region is so contaminated with those ignorants it will be a tough task . 
  nobody 's ever asked us if we were ok with 300 000 saxons in upper bavaria . 
  they are pretty much economic refugees and could ( and should probably ) therefore be expulsed . 
  have overheard a couple of them ranting about how refugees should be ` sent back to wherever they came from ' immediately . 
  dat painful irony . 
  what 's even more ironic is that the percentage of immigrants there is negligible , just like in all of saxony . 
  well he 's not going to tell authorities that he 's planning a terror attack is he, 
  they were fighting over this one cupboard http://m.ikea.com/es/es/catalog/products/art/50270136/, 
  i beg you not to speak of every person in possession of a german nationality . 
  i for myself do n't feel included , the contrary . 
  bavaria in a federal europe is what suits me best . 
  american by heart . 
  poor devil ... 
  yes it is !, 
  long live the united , federal europe !, 
  in diversitate concordia, 
  the word koitus confused me, 
  is it so hard to assume the german position as well after all . 
  to change perspectives . 
  germany ( just like all the euro - countries by the way ) have already pumped billions into what seems to be a bottomless pit . 
  well , gentlemen , here money does n't grow on trees , either . 
  the contrary is the case . 
  more money is direly needed in many different areas starting with infrastructure or education . 
  money the state ca n't spend . 
  millions of people work for ridiculous wages . 
  the official retirement age is 67 . 
  please , keep the polemics down and keep it real . 
  i 've never even once said that my vision of europe is based on the structure of the eu as we know it nowadays . 
  i think that european integration is inevitable and overdue . 
  and this will only be achievable by abandoning the concept of national states as such and form a new federal european state ( usofe ) based on common values like democracy and human rights . 
  i am not surprised . 
  ignorants have always been afraid of things that exceed their restricted horizons . 
  it 's a very human feature after all . 
  bravo . 
  you have a rare talent my friend . 
  misinterpreting and redefining contents according to your twisted view of the world . 
  where exactly in my message did i state even remotely what you are ranting a out here ? 
  enlighten me . 
  and if i were you i 'd go easier on the insulting side . 
  does n't make your brain farts more convincing . 
  you draw the wrong conclusions . 
  and no , i am not `` fucking delusional '' . 
  i am an optimist . 
  try to amplify your horizon to a certain extent . 
  you seem to belong to those people who blindly defend the concept `` national state '' . 
  it 's almost like an irrational , religious belief . 
  there is this one form of organizing our society . 
  because it 's like this . 
  full stop . 
  what if i told you : there are other ways ? 
  my vision is a united states of europe on a regional basis . 
  what could be the advantages ? 
  - historically formed regions -  smaller administrative unit -  closer to the people 's needs -  more democratic -  no ( at times neo-imperialistic ) interventions by national states commanding people 's life 's from hundreds of kilometres away . 
  examples ? 
  catalonia , pa\u00eds vasco , south tyrol , corsica , bretagne , northern ireland and the list goes on . 
  just in case the possibility of disappearing national football leagues is scaring you off : the whole organisation ( uefa ) can be restructured too - and it will have to . 
  am bavarian . 
  can confirm . 
  stop bringing up well researched arguments . 
  the eu 's ultimate goal is to wipe out britain . 
  everybody knows that . 
  i have yet to meet people who want that . 
  i do n't believe a single word . 
  but well if we get down to this level ... closing the border to the rest of germany is my only demand :d, 
  of course we want greece to stay . 
  we want to help the people but we do n't know how we can possibly do that .
