  we need europe to live . 
  the only way we can achieve european integration abandoning national states is the eu . 
  in varietate concordia, 
  very disheartening that the area of south tyrol is marked as romance catholics . 
  a bit more sensibility and researchin , please . 
  this is not / r/murica . 
  edit : wait italian-neofascist scum downvoting me for saying the truth on / r/europe ? 
  if that 's not irony what is, 
  i gladly would !, 
  nothing keeps me in this nation full of cultureless americanised monkeys without any class . 
  you fuck off and take your 500 000 countrymen in munich alone with u. preiss dahauda, 
  nono you got that wrong that map is showing the percentage of people in favour of same sex marriage per county actually, 
  slovenia has equally as much or a negligible percentage of the alps less than bavaria . 
  anyway i absolutely agree on the alpine republic of bavarian nations ( bavaria , austria , south tyrol ) . 
  it should have happened much earlier . 
  some people even agreed on writing in english and their mothertongue . 
  europe is plurilinguistic and pluricultural . 
  and that 's the spirit behind the double language posts . 
  i am totally in favour of it !, 
  thanks for your bringing forth this important matter and thus reminding us of our universal values some were very eager to abandon !, 
  yes excuse me that sounded quite harsh . 
  did n't mean to be mean , 
  what you said is absolute linguistic bogus . 
  austrian is a bavarian dialect ( bavarian dialects to be precise ) and are just as close to standard german as luxemburgisch or allemanic . 
  / r/badlinguistics, 
  why is the reference point in this discussion always `` country '' . 
  countries are not god given systems without alternatives . 
  humans with different political attitudes created them . 
  widen your horizons !, 
  i think abolishing all national states in europe and form a us of e on a regional level is the next step on the scale !, 
  yes , it should . 
  european is our past , european integration will be the future . 
  this diversity is where we draw our strength from . 
  in varietate concordia, 
  i 'm really glad to hear that and hope other european minority languages and also varieties can progress using basque as a model to follow . 
  it requires determination and political will of the minority speakers . 
  many people still lack sensivity for those matters because national thought processes are still en vogue . 
  i can see a trend towards regionalisation , though . 
  hopefully it gains momentum, 
  sacrifice diversity because of some entirely irrational fears ? 
  in what way does a plurilinguistic reality , cultural richness so to say , promote `` nationalistic tendencies '' ? 
  detachment from what ? 
  not a single linguistic and/or ethnic minority in europe wants to detach itself from europe . 
  if separation then from the national state they have been forced to live in because of a lost war or power - political realities like marriage . 
  it 's the desire to self determine their fates and not having important decisions taken by a distant national entity . 
  many times opposing their very own interests . 
  no , it 's not the independist movements who are a danger for europe , the european project and its diversity . 
  the contrary . 
  it 's the big national states who are hindering and obstructing further european integration . 
  maybe we should consider national states a relict of the past - like absolutist monarchies and do like our forefathers did . 
  recognise it 's not the system we want to live in in the future and have the odacity to give birth to a new era . 
  a regionally based federal europe of regions . 
  in varietate concordia !, 
  damn your swabian jedi mind trix . 
  this moment you realise how wrong you were for such a long time . 
  i just had it . 
  i mean what you say makes total sense . 
  but if we do things , we do them properly i 'd say . 
  who the fck needs german ? 
  ca n't order your cheeseburger in thailand in german can you ? 
  no , stupid , of course you ca n't . 
  therefore let 's all speak english . 
  it 's just so much more useful . 
  now i fancy k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle . 
  stop it already . 
  can you explain whether those newly aquired speakers speak basque as their mothertongue ? 
  i find it absurd to include people who study basque in this list . 
  in alsace , for instance , local authorities have been taking pride in growing numbers of german students in universities of the province . 
  however studying german as a foreign language is not comparable with the alsacian dialect ( alemannic dialect group ) more than 90 % still spoke as their mother tongue in the 1940s ( ! ) . 
  their culture has almost been entirely eradicated and they lost their cultural heritage . 
  he disqualified himself already calling standard german ` high german ' . 
  absolute linguistic nonsense . 
  just a poor lad without any pride in his cultural heritage whatsoever . 
  bavaria , region in a federal europe of regions !, 
  in diversitate unita !, 
  typical attitude of a prussian ignorant . 
  you are apparently more than willing to give up your heritage for some artificial language . 
  others wo n't allow this to happen and take pride in it . 
  we are obliged to keep cultural/linguistic diversity alive in europe . 
  https://stop-ttip.org/?noredirect=en_gb we just need to make sure we use the available methods of resistance effectively !, 
  i 'm sure more way than 50 million of our fellow yuropeans are strictly against this monstrosity . 
  let 's inform them , we can not afford to lose their vote !, 
  the saxons . 
  the saxons ... edit . 
  i agree to a certain extent . 
  giving your signiture to the online petition alone will probably not do the trick , that was a very good point . 
  i think , however , that we should use all means we have at our disposal - including the online petition ( remember : the petition is paneuropean for instance ) . 
  it 's a very good benchmark and its numbers are regularly used in demonstrations to apply some sort of ` pressure ' . 
  therefore signing the petition is definetily not useless . 
  i agree , is not possible . 
  but do i not see the necessity to inform myself about possible benefits for some industrial global players when it has already become obvious that we ordinary inhabitants of the eu would have to deal with negative consequences , notably , as said a myriad of times already , lowering foodregulations so genetically and hormonally altered american produce can be sold in the eu . 
  that same sector is even on their priority list . 
  the eu commission might decide in the end , but the agendas we are talking about have been brought up and pushed by lobbies . 
  or do you think any `` government '' would push for lowering standards and regulations ? 
  no , it 's the industry , the big players and their profit planning . 
  and the us is apparently even blackmailing europe into submission politically as they apparently consider weakening some impor facilitations for european car manufactorers . 
  i can not understand how and ordinary people would defend something that is clearly conceived to enrich a few even more and goes to the detriment of the majority of people . 
  what do you mean if negotiations were transparent they are not , we are discussing this because of a newsleek . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the flaw is the following : when you think of the american system , you think of independent investigations by third party labs etc.
