  i think your knowledge is very superficial and limited . 
  the nation is a utopia of the past and should be considered a historical relic , erroneous like absolutism , for instance . 
  europe is a melting pot of people and cultures . 
  ethnic heterogeneity has never existed . 
  long live regional europe . 
  in diversitate concordia . 
  we sure have betrayed our bavaro-austrian brothers 1866 by not going joining the war against prussia and did n't fulfil our obligations as allies . 
  shame shame shame !, 
  a true bavarian will never forget where he 's from and who his real brothers are , though . 
  thanks to the eu we can even from certain regional entities without involving the involvement of the national state : http://www.euregio-salzburg.eu/system/web/default.aspx, 
  national mourning in bavaria, 
  has the infrastructure necessary for the nation - wide broadband awesomeness been finances by romania alone or to a large extent by eu subsidies ? 
  curious , because as one fellow redditor rightfully stated , we do n't even have general access to those speeds in munich , the capital of upper bavaria - most productive region of the eu . 
  pityful . 
  they could n't be arsed to find a name for lichtenstein, 
  that the only thing that comes to your mind when you run out of things to say ? 
  piss poor performance , son . 
  just like saxony 's gdp . 
  again just polemics , no worthwhile arguments . 
  typical pathetic prussian midget suffering from an inferiority complex . 
  yeah just do n't f ** come here then we have enough of you economic refugees here already . 
  by the way : we have the biggest gdp of all federal states and regularly lead pisa . 
  plain statistics , nothing far fetched . 
  what empirical data do you have to back up your claims that bavaria was germany 's texas ? 
  course you do n't . 
  cause there are no statistics which would support such claims . 
  pure polemics . 
  pathetic preissn you think you 're something better while we beat you in every single aspect . 
  deal with it . 
  hehe, 
  i am not defending seehofer by any means . 
  but give it in : you do n't have any idea of his/his parties politics , do you ? 
  in comparison to his czech counterpart he is probably che guevara . 
  i 'm also curious about your redneck association . 
  ( upper ) bavaria and franconia are among the most wealthy , productive and innovative regions of europe . 
  no hard feelings , prussian . 
  we know we have better beer , more beautiful landscapes , a higher gdp , a higher level of education , more security and the list goes on and on . 
  and you know it too , that 's your problem . 
  i rather want to achieve independence in a peaceful democratic process . 
  you make a difference between bavaria and austria ? 
  probably a german economic refugee . 
  this comparison is not only far fetched , its stupidity is dangerous . 
  sounds like a thing the green party would say . 
  mediatic ` omerta ' concerning immigrant crimes was practiced in sweden and germany . 
  and probably not only there . 
  i hate this title . 
  it diverts from the essential part of our immigration issue . 
  i am convinced that 99 % back european immigration and integration . 
  uncontrolled massimmigration from third world muslim countries is the keyword . 
  we 're talking of hundreds of thousands of lowly educated and religiously conservative young men with a completely different cultural background - not compatible with our liberal way of life - altering the demographic constitution of our aging society . 
  stop being so naive . 
  as always it 's just jealousy speaking . 
  but let 's just focus on linguistics now . 
  linguistically speaking , can we even speak of a dialect as bavarian is 400-500 years older than standard german ? 
  bavarian has and uses more vowels and therefore sounds softer and way more melodic than standard german . 
  revolting people . 
  probably the only thing saxony is good at . 
  oh , and atrocious dialects . 
  in bavaria it 's not as bad . 
  yet . 
  we have been smiled at from the auroproclaimed liberal refugees welcome antifa prussian masterrace for having more conservative structures in bavaria . 
  including police rigidity . 
  well who 's smiling at whom now you bunch of short sighted , ideologically blinded neurotics . 
  we stand and watch as a prussian suffering from denial of reality transforms our bavaria into a place we might not be able to recognise in the not so distant future . 
  against our consent !, 
  you should have started wondering yesterday whether the german national state can assure a future we all consider worth living in . 
  we are the highest contributor to the banana republic ( brd ) , in return we have no competences whatsoever in that matter . 
  as a sidenote : a part from middle eastern refugees we 're also being swarmed by german economic refugees unable and unwilling to integrate . 
  ** edit : spelling, 
  and they call bruges a shithole, 
  i 'll just leave this song of a south tyrolean band here . 
  relevant not only there but certainly for sweden and many other parts of europe , too . 
  https://youtu.be/ki_d9jjmdze europa , quo vadis ? 
  ** in accordance to his political convictions, 
  yes but the bavarian government simply can not impose the measures it would because of the useless national instance above . 
  federal europe is the answer . 
  bavaria shall be free . 
  let them rot in their ugly multicultural shitholes . 
  war/guerra/gu \u00e8re is also germanic . 
  many arab men i met in germany say western girls/women are whores . 
  not only uneducated ones , but the majority were academics . 
  but ... yurofascists take r jerrbs - average ukip voter, 
  nice try again , ukip media department, 
  no one can deny that we have a nation wide problem of poorly educated , socially marginalised 3rd or 4th generation youth of mostly turkish heritage . 
  cultureless ghettokids . 
  i wo n't go into the diverse causes for this situation now as the matter is too complex for a simplr comment , i 'm just stating the fact . 
  eloquently put mein freund, 
  what is this sentence ? 
  are you aware what it implies ? 
  remember when i talked about the absurdity ? 
  things like these are what i meant, 
  i did say england willingly because the majority of scottish people for example are against leaving the eu, 
  it is absolutely not a bad thing . 
  who said that ? 
  i am not against a referendum to be held - the contrary . 
  you have the legitimate right to hold a referendum about this important topic . 
  i just criticise english isolationism , which at times reaches highly grotesque levels of nonsense . 
  bunch of self centred ignorants . 
  with italy and spain around that is a big accomplishment . 
  well .
