  mind boggling that even welsh , scottish and cornish people you name it seems to be favourable . 
  in a federal europe , they should would have their place . 
  instead half - witted nationalism, 
  that 's only partly true . 
  a well informed person should not fall for this kind of cheap populism . 
  but the way i see it reading guardian comment sections is just the opposite . 
  openly xenophobic , ultra natonalist , poorly educated . 
  that is the image one acquires . 
  any brit who denies being european is plain ignorant , it 's that easy . 
  i 'm not saying that that is a reason to stay in the political organisation that is the eu - switzerland or norway are n't for instance . 
  but it 's good to know where many of the brexiters come from ideologically . 
  you start to doubt yourself that you could make the great european solidarity project crumble as a whole because of one magazine article ? 
  does n't mean much to you , does it . 
  this is what the eurocup and europe should be all about . 
  surprisingly the most criminal immigrants coming to germany are georgians . 
  most brexiters seem to have other concerns . 
  dominant intellectual level : https://youtu.be/b3vvqxboelo, 
  i find it very sad that 99 % of the brexit discussions is about the economic benefits of their eu membership . 
  nothing about european integration , peace , solidarity . 
  maybe de gaulle 's initial words were true and are about to come true . 
  not without risking the european project as a total . 
  they might be the eus gravediggers , and should be embarrassed that the majority fell for half witted right wing populist propaganda . 
  just take a look at guardian comments sections . 
  they make it seem like an 80 % of brexiters are a bunch of egoistic ignorant xenophobic idiots . 
  in bavaria we also got potato pancakes . 
   i agreed that we also have some nice dishes . 
  but you can not compare the overall food culture at all . 
  bro we germanics might be able to do many things . 
  we even got some delicious stuff and no one will doubt that . 
  but ultimately our culinary diversity and culture leaves much to desire compared to mediterranean culinary cultures like the two european strongholds france and italy , for instance . 
  the future is europe . 
  united in diversity . 
  much good arguments , very no polemic . 
  what exactly is it you 're trying to say ? 
  bavaria has a very low amount of neo-nazis - in both total and percentual numbers than saxony , for example . 
  heck , whenever there 's a npd manifestation in munich ( not often ) they 're being brought by bus from all over ( east ) gernany , hah . 
  copypaste from another reply : bavarian culture ( s ) slowly disappearing has a couple of reasons . 
  the main factor is and has been immigration from various german regions from the 70s up to now with a strong surge from the reunification onward . 
  we are talking about a mass assimilation here , thank god austria will preserve bavarian dialects and culture . 
  i personally do n't give a damn about the national state , my region suffers . 
  in munich bavarian is already exotic . 
  and the prussificating tentacles of the sbahn - area will soon have eradicated oberbayern as bavarian heartland . 
  15 years maximum . 
  ever occurred to you not feeling at home in your homeland ? 
  this is it . 
  bavarian culture ( s ) slowly disappearing has a couple of reasons . 
  the main factor is and has been immigration from various german regions from the 70s up to now with a strong surge from the reunification onward . 
  we are talking about a mass assimilation here , thank god austria will preserve bavarian dialects and culture . 
  i personally do n't give a damn about the national state , my region suffers . 
  in munich bavarian is already exotic . 
  and the prussificating tentacles of the sbahn - area will soon have eradicated oberbayern as bavarian heartland . 
  15 years maximum . 
  ever occurred to you not feeling at home in your homeland ? 
  this is how we feel . 
  prussian immigrants failing at integration into bavarian society ? 
  no big news - but the symptomes are usually slightly different . 
  not as if scotland was known for its massive high tech industry either . 
  or any industry . 
  why would it ` go way too far ' ? 
  why should i be proud of anything when a person who was by chance born in a piece of land that by chance belongs to the national state i was by chance born in ? 
  what 's the deal ? 
  this logic is absurd to me . 
  also , the first modern olympic games were held in 1897 . 
  in a time of imperialism and national jingoism . 
  a battle of nations , as i previously said . 
  the contrary of the original olympic spirit . 
  no , that 's totally not the point i was trying to make . 
  i would n't appreciate the bavarian flag there either , i 'm talking about denationalising the olympic games in general . 
  less nonsense than ` we ' ( germany ) won another medal today . 
  recognition to the athlete . 
  stop this national bollocks . 
  so perspicacious bro , wow . 
  i do n't know what you want to achieve with this trivial one liner . 
  i do n't like what those modern olympic games stand for . 
  basically a battle between nations . 
  i think the sentence ` we ' won another gold medal is nothing but absurd . 
  it is absurd you have two tennis players up against each other and they speak of ` germany ' vs ` uk ' . 
  i hear ` we ' won another gold medal on the radio i get gag reflexes . 
  i 'd rather show the eu 's flag , a supranational entity than this national bogus any time of the day . 
  i think unfortunately it 's fairly safe to call it a leave at this stage . 
  i think unfortunately it 's fairly safe to call it a leave at this stage . 
  london and scotland ca n't win it alone . 
  it 's looking dire my friends, 
  thanks for the explicit answer , first of all . 
  you are totally right in pointing out that language and/or cultural heritage alone do n't necessarily trigger a certain identity . 
  i am not buying your diversity argument , though . 
  france is the single worst example to what degree a national state is capable of eradicating linguistic and cultural diversity . 
  yes , france still has n't signed the european charta of regional and minority languages , for instance . 
  also , ` french core culture ' is very misty wording that seems taken out of a nationalist history book . 
  what is french core culture ? 
  interestingly i 've always found an obsession with the nation state very noticeable talking to french people . 
  i also have to disagree with what you said about germany , it 's way over simplified . 
  i see you write ` austrian german ' and already know you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  bairisch is what you were looking for . 
  you 're welcome https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bairische_dialekte, 
  cheers for the clarification and please excuse the harsh wording , this topic triggers me very fast . 
  i am absolutely on your side . 
  extreme right wing cancer is a serious threat to european integration , which is long overdue . 
  i hope it will once be as common to speak about national states the way we speak about absolutism - obsolete history . 
  that shit was surreal .
