  get a grip , mate . 
  calm your nuggets , dude . 
  alsatians opted for total cultural assimilation , which still baffles me to this day . 
  even 1945 90 % spoke german as their mother tongue , french being nothing more than a foreign language for them . 
  not even 100 years after the end of the war alsatian is marginalised and almost dead . 
  i do n't believe what you say is true , you are trying to paint a very black and white image there . 
  do you have an explanation how and why that could happen so quick and with so little resistance of the alsatian people ? 
  we are talking about giving up ones cultural heritage here . 
  that is big in my eyes . 
  france managed to culturally assimilate it in 60 years however , that is quite impressive . 
  i wrote another comment here asking for an explanation . 
  even after 1945 more than 90 % of all alsacians were german mother tongue speakers . 
  does anyone have an answer why the people living in this region would let a total linguistic switch happen without resistance ? 
  i find it hard to explain . 
  it 's artificial after all . 
  it does belong to the alemmanic language family however . 
  h\u00f6chst allemannisch , just like swiss german . 
  subjectivity is not a very trustworthy scientific indicator, 
  you are referring to catalonia and others , right ? 
  i mean honestly who the f * are you , with your self righteous nationalist 19th century attitude to call people asking for a basic human right to be activated an idiot ? 
  europe 's strength is diversity , national states - and france is the best example - extinguish cultural and linguistic diversity because of a dogma that has no space in modern europe . 
  united , federal , diverse . 
  in diversitate concordia !, 
  as a bavarian and convinced european federalist my answer is who the f * is preussen ? 
  maybe this is the right place to ask this question that has been buggering me for a while . 
  even after 1945 way more than 90 % of alsacians were speaking german , alsacian belongs to the alemannic dialect group like south-west germany , german speaking switzerland and the austrian federal state vorarlberg , grosso modo . 
  i am baffled that in a few generations this number dropped to about 5 % . 
  i find it hard to explain why a whole region would voluntarily neglect its roots and get assimilated that quickly and to such a high extent . 
  apparently , the number people who study german as a second/third language rises and is among the highest of any french departement . 
  however , the standard german teached in schools is nowhere near the historic local dialect . 
  does anyone have an explanation ? 
  in what way ? 
  history does n't start in 1914 . 
  it 's way more complex than the one dimensional national logic suggests . 
  bavaria for example was one of napoleon 's most loyal allies . 
  if we go back further in history , we are obliged to recognise that the national state logic is both absurd and counter productive . 
  national states are n't god given and the people living in them far from homogenous . 
  france is the best example how cultural and linguistic diversity was sacrificed on the altar of an artificial nationalist dogma . 
  we are are are all culturally , ethnically and historically intertwined . 
  european integration is just the logic consequence of a long overdue post national era . 
  united in diversity !, 
  can you explain in what way europe is responsible ? 
  in the face of tyranny europe has to stand united . 
  yes but i am not . 
  i 'd surely like to see the bayxit , an independent european bavaria . 
  indeed , but only as an integral , independent region of a federal european union , so the brexit analogy is off . 
  prussian patients , the bayxit would only happen under one condition : staying an essential part of a federal european union , so stop putting up analogies where there are none . 
  national states are so 1900s . 
  vivat europa and it 's regional diversity , as opposed to national assimilation . 
  in varietate concordia, 
  man muss gott f\u00fcr alles danken ... do you think any bavarian would be keen on keeping franconia in bavaria ? 
  have your independence , already . 
  please oh and no , i do n't hate ( such a strong word ) anyone because of their heritage . 
  following the principles i believe in you should definitely have the right to decide about your future democratically . 
  they should of course have a separate vote . 
  we have been sacrificing our own identity , culture and language on the altar of an absurd , worthless national logic stemming from the 19th century for way too long . 
  we deserve to and should strive to become a sovereign territory in the federal european union of the regions and centre our efforts in order to achieve it . 
  ( franconia and swabia should be allowed to have a separate referendum themselves , that 's for sure . 
  i want to stress once more that independence is only an option when imbedded in the ( regional ) european union !, 
  europa suprema, 
   my grandpa family was from the slovenian minority which actually went trought worse shit than s. tyroleans . 
  and it 's relevant in two ways :   1 . 
  i can understand more the suffering of the forced italianisation   2 . 
  but also make me less prone to accept the consept of justified violence yeah , well . 
  where do you want to get with your shallow relativisation anyway ? 
  i said it before , the bombings were crucial to internationalise the issue and draw the uno 's attention to the dire situation south tyrol found itself in . 
   frankly i have problems to think that 3000-5000 is a small number considering the area . 
  but considering there are people from your area that denied in front of me that they even exited i give you a point for that . 
  well , considering that south tyrol had round about 250-300000 inhabitants in that period 3000-5000 is quite a low number , at least in my understanding of numbers . 
  you tried to invoke that the majority of the population was enrolled in the waffen-ss . 
  and why ? 
  because it serves your simple understanding of that matter , that 's why . 
  there was . 
  from the mid 50s to the late 60s more or less . 
   nah balcanik spiciness is not a usual ingredient in s.t. 
  related threads those are :   - italian neo-fascist \u2714 normally yes , indeed . 
   - austrian neo-nazis \u2714 have n't personally seen any of their kind but would not be surprising . 
   - a south tyrolean with such a stereotypical soft skin that 's almost offensive \u2714 one gets irritated over time having to deal with the same ol' army of ignorant italian internetwarriors  - the non-fascist italian that get called fascist just because is honest enough to said clearly that he/she thinks s. t. authonomy is excessive \u2714 everybody has the right to voice their opinion . 
  their simplistic and ill founded most of the time , though . 
   - naming disputes \u2714 whenever an italignorant tries to delegitimise historical german toponyms it is our right to correct him/her . 
  has to do with self respect and dignity . 
   - the random switch side joke is it so random , though ? 
   - austrians unaware that s.t. 
  are n't the only linguistic minority \u2714 you pulled that one out of your ...  - those who justify s.t. 
  terrorism and/or their flirtation with the ss \u2714 absolutely pathetic to say this . 
  who dares opposing your nationalist troglodyte dogmas is defamed instantly . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
   - those who belive to know enough about italy to suggest alternative forms of administration organisation \u2714   - an actual 0,01 who actually appreciate the photos \u2714 i did n't think i 'd say this but : you are actually right . 
   mix up and repite every fucking time * yawn *  , 
    what are you on about ? 
  i honestly do not understand your reasoning there . 
    the reasoning is that wanting to use italianized names for places inside of italy does n't mean that one is a fascist ...   suffering because of fascists and because of the unification happened in all of italy , every single one of us suffered from it , not only south-tyrol . 
  claiming that only you suffered for it or that you suffered more than others is offensive . 
  right now the situation is this one though , italy is one country and we suffered a lot to create this state , all in all for all the suffering that it created this unification also created a lot of good , and we 're stronger together than alone . 
  yes , there are still a shitload of problems , you know it , i know it , everyone knows it , but this is still no reason to keep a grudge everytime that you talk to an italian or everytime that you 're associated with italy since you know ... you 're part of it . 
    basically the uniformation of the geographical names of places is n't bad itself , it 's just useful and practical , logical , what was bad is how it was implemented , i am completely against fascists and it has been and still is a shame for our country that people like that exists , but that is something separated from the practical stuff , you can have your history like every region , and defend it , but in no way it should exclude that you 're italian . 
    i 'm venetian , i 'm italian , i 'm european . 
  all of this statements can be true together . 
  thank you for the explicit answer , now i understand where you 're coming from . 
  yes , all of italy and even more so linguistic minorities ( venetians , sicilians etc. ),
