  in reality , big biotech companies for instance hand in documents necessary for the approval of genetically modified plants to the authorities themselves . 
  fking joke, 
  no , the majority is n't i would say . 
  but then again i wonder why so few people can be arsed to take 2 minutes of their time and do something against it : https://stop-ttip.org/de/, 
  exactly . 
  for international corporations expanding obtaining easier access to a market of several hundred million possible clients . 
  but what does it mean for us customers ? 
  our environment ? 
  more economic growth at all costs - giving up or weakening our customer/environmental protection standards so that american agricultural products ( and everything that implies ) can flood our market ? 
  i do n't think that 's a good trade for the people of europe . 
  that 's not the whole story though . 
  you have to be kidding me, 
  where are you now , you unconditional ttip supporters and armchair economics denouncing all kind of criticism as anti-american conspiracy ? 
  discussing about how beneficial for our economies ttip could be if it negotiations were transparent is absurd , it 's not gon na happen . 
  powerful lobbies on both sides of the atlantic , mainly the us , do not want that . 
  it would , as we see clearly now , result in a loss of consumer and environmental protection , among others . 
  i for myself do not want to consume any american genetically modified or hormonally treated product uconsciously . 
  i do n't want lobbyists to define the rules . 
  stop this madness . 
  edit : spelling, 
  europe 's richness is the cultural diversity its historical regions offer - not the national states and the logic behind them hindering european integration and threatening diversity . 
  fortress europe must stand !, 
  just do n't let rommel surveil its construction , please . 
  word my friend , word . 
  my grandparents ? 
  i could tell you what they did and had to do but that 's a different story . 
  people born after the war instrumentalize history to breed an irrational hate . 
  because for the simple , life without someone to hate is senseless . 
  they need someone/something to project their delusions upon . 
  yes , i am !, 
  all the people involved grew up in the 80s or even 90s , in a peaceful and united europe . 
  hating someone because of their origins is nothing but backwards and igorant . 
  i have also heard from a swiss friend ( german speaking ) that whilst in poland many asked hin whether he was german . 
  when he told them that he was n't , that he was from switzerland , they said good because they hated germans more than anything . 
  surprisingly , when i was in erasmus in austria , poles were among the most warmhearted . 
  well , education i guess . 
  do n't worry my french brothers , they 're just frustrated borderliners . 
  better together !, 
  not only the dutch voters !, 
  * cough * berlin\u00f6kohipsters * cough *, 
  hopefully mods take care of it . 
  unaware of your heritage it seems . 
  does n't matter there 's culturally unaware people here as well . 
  does n't make me consider austrians our brothers less personally , however . 
  pretty normal feeling for a bavarian . 
  it 's actually higher to be a bayer my austrian friend . 
  let 's start a new thing just the two of us !, 
  let 's rather argue fact based and avoid polemics . 
  it was the swedish government 's very own choice to obtain such a high number of refugees . 
  i just want to recall one thing at this point with all the merkel and l\u00f6fven bashing : giving so many people refuge has absolutely nothing to do with being politically correct or being naive . 
  the right of asylum is a universal ( !!! ), 
  law ratified by the majority of the world 's nations . 
  from a legal point of view , people from war torn countries , people persecuted for skincolour , sex or religion have the legitimate right for asylum . 
  now what germany and sweden did was to repeal the geneva convention which claims that asylum has to be demanded in the first country a refugees sets his foot on . 
  basically relieving countries like greece . 
  the quota system many eastern european countries have launched are basically illegal and heavily undermine european values . 
  that 's the theory . 
  welcoming millions of religiously conservative , uneducated people from a completely different cultural environment each year altering demographic realities bears a certain risk . 
  in fact the way of life garanteed by our liberal societies is already in danger in certain places . 
  a dilemma . 
  unpleasant measures will have to be taken and quotas might be the key . 
  blaming immigrants in general is dangerous and misses the point . 
  it is essential to call a spade a spade . 
  i am convinced that it was nor hans , jorge , william , fran\u00e7ois or piotr . 
  do the math . 
  quite ironically yet again a prussian leads our lands into he abyss while all we ( can ) do is stand and watch . 
  with bavaria being a part of germany . 
  i consider myself a european federalist . 
  europe 's future is regional , without national states obstructing european integration . 
  bavaraustria/greater bavaria or whatever you would like to call it any time of the day . 
  please do n't speak for all of us dear mr. president . 
  you could show us some love , too , after all a bavarian invented pilsner , 
  how foolish and superfluous the civil rights movement was in the 1960s , right ? 
  the country had been a liberal stronghold for almost 200 years , after all . 
  i do not . 
  in fact i have never understood why turkey would n't grant kurdish majority regions substantial autonomy . 
  like the 5 autonomous regions in italy , for instance . 
  i have always interpreted this unwillingness as obstinate nationalism caused by some sort of `` grossmachtkomplex '' . 
  edit : spelling, 
  there is no such thing as the german race . 
  neither french , british or italian . 
  theeeeere we go . 
  well almost . 
  i 'd favour it to be a republic within the european confederation . 
  well the austro hungarian empire was multiethnic . 
  i do n't see why that would be a bad thing . 
  i was referring to nowaday 's austria . 
  not as long as bavaria forms part of the federation . 
  hopefully not for long . 
  you prussians maybe, 
  why south german ? . 
  bavaria and austria are basically one people and one culture . 
  the south west is different . 
  they are closer to switzerland and alsace whom they share the same dialectal group ( allemanic ) with . 
  do you think that after having been united with the prussio-german empire we would transform into prussians ? 
  i do n't get the logic of your message , it 's trivial . 
  bu the wa : austrian linguistic varieties ( apart from vorarlberg ones who are allemanic ) all belong to the bavarian dialect group . 
  we are basically the people . 
  the political border wo n't change that . 
  care to elaborate ?
