  i do n't remember ever seeing a voice chat where you can not mute anyone , nor see the list of people using it . 
  it looks like they took a good 5 minutes to design and implement it . 
  the quality is horrible too , it 's really shocking . 
  you ca n't mute players , you can disable voice chat . 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  this hotkey and the player list is n't mentioned in the game at all ? 
  i 've done a couple of google and reddit search , and i 've spend some times looking in the game menus . 
  why the fuck is n't this put forward ? 
  it 's the most important thing about free roam lobbies . 
  does n't explain for the horrible quality and lack of chat settings like push to talk or activation threshold but thanks for the information . 
  thanks for taking time to answer me , but this is what i see when switching maps : http://imgur.com/bqrkgec, 
  do you mean that among all the small tutorials that are displayed during this ( quick ) transition , there is one about players list ? 
  if so , it still baffles me this information is n't given elsewhere . 
  eh , not really . 
  i was heavily involved with the communities , and most of my time was spent communicating outside the game ( well obviously because you can also do this when you are away from your gaming computer ) . 
  i would say the balance was close to 2/3 outgame , 1/3 ingame . 
  i have spent many nights of 6 hours of uninterrupted fleet battles , i 've gone hunting alone or in small pack spontaneously with only a couple minutes of preparation to get people together , and i 've also met people at fixed time where we had a battle planned that made you able to just log in on the right time . 
  thing is , your enemies wo n't coordinate with you so you both agree when and where to fight , but we definitely had our ways to go and find them ( or vice versa d  . 
  that 's actually a huge part of pvp : using intel , scans and all the means the game offers to know where you can find some fight and who you could hope to fight . 
  that 's how you would distinguish players , some could lead others and take strategic decisions that were mandatory if you wanted to find some action . 
  you also needed some players focused on battle efficiency that would n't care too much about fleet leadership or intel and would know more about ship fitting and tactical maneuvering ( like guys specialized in interception of vip targets , or piloting specific ships to control the enemies fleet movement ) . 
  also , like many mmo , you do n't spend all your time in pvp actively battling but also playing versus environment and making business ( i was n't a trader but some trader spent 100 % of their time trading , sitting in station and negotiating and manipulating markets ) . 
  i do n't deny that eve giving so much freedom to its players make the game less predictable , but it was far from being completely random in term of skirmish and fleet battle . 
  i have n't tried decryption yet , only tailing hacking and roaming . 
  i 'll try and locate that damn indication !, 
  but i just tried it again for free roam . 
  you first get the `` looking for lobby '' on the top left corner with a button to cancel search . 
  then it jumps to the screenshot i showed you , then directly ingame . 
  so maybe this is just advertise between decryption sessions . 
  but this happens to almost any famous mid player , it 's quite usual . 
  i think i remember him solo queuing a few months back , owning game with mirana/kunkka mid and i 'm pretty sure you would see sniping and dual/trilane mid quite often . 
  i 've been involved in titan kills at the time where it would happen only a couple times a year . 
  i was online , roaming with 50 people in nano ships ( during a period of time , you could heavily dominate a battlefield with extremely fast ships that would control the action with superiority in positioning and evading ) , the night when the big nano nerf was applied . 
  we went to bed around 5 am when the patch was deployed , and woke up the next day with something like a weird hangover , flying in our old ships with much heavier movements , slowly returning back to base avoiding dangerous paths that were easy to take before the patch . 
  i was there to rush when a spy disabled all band of brothers infrastructure and participate in the capture of their home region and the fall of one of the greatest alliance of eve history . 
  so many memories , it 's hard to pick !, 
  last pudge i played with went jungle , max fleshy/rot , etheral blade first , not lvling hook at all . 
  please do n't do that : /, 
  i find it really dumb to insult the only one giving you an explaination here , especially when it 's the right one . 
  you make a post about a secret that you could n't fathom , you , avid tinker player used to stomp pubs . 
  but it 's just shift queueing , and suddenly your whole post sounds cocky . 
  remember the pros were guests , and invited without being expected to produce serious content like casting . 
  some casted , some showed how one can experiment the deepest joy and sorrow through a mario party game , others just hung around . 
  i understand people want more content like pro-pro cast , and i agree it 's awesome . 
  but eu hub clearly explained that guests were guests . 
  mirror down , any live leak mirror ? 
  and a girl , btw . 
  he did fairly well at several games from the summit , without wisp . 
  roaming in early mid game with threads pms and wand , and getting kills . 
  they actually drafted zai 's enigma quite frequently actually , as well as universe 's offlane tide which i 've seen several times during the same tournament . 
  your comment makes no sense , as there is no standard pa mid build . 
  yeah i think it 's more like , pudge alwasy has been a snowball , skill shot reliant hero ( which is why he is so popular in pubs ) , and thus fits dendi 's style . 
  flesh heap does not require pudge to be the killer to get the bonus but yeah , pudge really is a snowballer . 
  steam voice works like a charm for me, 
  i use it all the time with my buddies . 
  we got a group where you just have to join the common chat channel , turn on voice chat , and join the others already talking . 
  you just need to be in the steam group , so that 's much easier than skype or teamspeak in term of configuration . 
  the quality is decent , only problem being that when someone 's steam goes down , coms go down as well . 
  i would be ok with this . 
  can someone briefly summarize without dramatizing what this was about ? 
  [ not much . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72hlzcrn7lk&amp;feature=kp ), 
  eternalenvy displayed a very strong blinkz build , based on soulring , midas , blink and staying out of lane for the whole game . 
  you can initiate on many heroes without orchid if you can reposition yourself with a blink after the first couple of arrows . 
  today , this beautiful picture . 
  tomorrow , a terrifying [ rogue wave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rogue_wave ) . 
  best luck to you guys !, 
  please let us know how you performed = 3, 
  i 'm in europe so it wo n't be possible for me , otherwise i 'd offer my services . 
  yeah . 
  thanks for your support guys :d, 
  not worried at all , `` disgusting '' is the answer the reporter gives in the last appearance of the `` fuck her right in the pussy '' guy video . 
  sounds like they are trying to imitate the typical dubstep wubwubs http://youtu.be/2cxdgfwe13g?t=1m27s, 
  you can start a game with spectator disabled , which makes your game unwatchable . 
  lan lobbies ca n't be spectated by online spectators i think too . 
  ... eat the plant ? 
  joey no !, 
  holy shit, 
  queen of pain , outworld devourer , batrider . 
  you enjoy bottle crowing . 
  you feed on the rage and frustration of your enemies . 
  you think with your fists . 
  you are the most frustrating squishy evasive glass canon . 
  do you go for midas , or midas ? 
  carry or mid ? 
  you like to jump everywhere . 
  you win mid , or you win your offlane . 
  to make it more believable ? 
  i mean , why not tell how he did it ? 
  at first i thought tinker was dire , and thought of this http://youtu.be/tmjniq5yldw?t=25s, 
  which is exactly why their moves fits so well to the music . 
  you can see the body language and the expressions , really looks like some kind of dancing . 
  especially when you already have so much damage with mjolnir butterfly manta and daedalus . 
  how much money are we looking at approximately ? 
  i noticed the shaking too . 
  could n't it be because he shakes his left leg , as some people sometimes do when sitting ? 
  yeah i saw the shaking stop abruptly . 
  it 's clearly something related to the tension of the match , and i know i can shake like that when getting rushed by adrenaline . 
  looking again it looks like it comes from the tension of his hand over the keyboard . 
  thanks for listening .
