  i feel like i am alternately being put in very good then very bad teams by the matchnaking in order to get close to an ideal 50 % winrate . 
  many times when i played with a very bad teammates , i feel like it is because of the broken matchmaking rather than anything that i could blame on the player . 
  i got used to this on the ladder on starcraft 2 . 
  you would have variability in a game of course , due to lots of random factors like you described . 
  but if you played regularly , you would always end up in a real 50 % winrate with almost all games being balanced in term of player skill . 
  why did n't valve put solo queue as default option when loging into the game ? 
  it would automatically bring solo players in the queue , thus making it much more useful and faster . 
  haha i did n't spot that . 
  is there anything similar in dota 2 ? 
  also , there is 5 different tastes , not only 4 . 
  on usual forum you have single threads so it 's useful to quote the post you are answering to . 
  on reddit it 's obvious due to the multi-threads structure of comments . 
  i do n't know if you could call it an invention , even though this is probably what makes us the most different from other animals . 
  and he did it without fuckin triping . 
  also , he was heavily constrained by the hokage 's barrier . 
  the skin around genitql region is darker in both men and women . 
  in particular , it helps to avoid sun burns in this area . 
  op does n't understand this meme . 
  arg , so close !, 
  i did it first , then changed the title and forgot to put it back , sorry !, 
  living in europe , ac is rare and i need to open the windows at night to let the heat out of my apartment !, 
  you might not be able to install one ( weird window , temporary stay , etc ) !, 
  and the fan helps a lot with the heat , while the window screen doesn , ` t. 
  pretty sure it is much easier to turn a fan on rather than setting up a window screen . 
  yeah , the fan death . 
  it has to be taken very seriously , but only concerns the wildest , korean fans . 
  well , in this case , nothing . 
  the worse is , mosquitos are guided by heat and co2 , so the would enter through your window even with the lights off . 
  i ended up letting the fan on all night . 
  if it 's a small one that you can move , you can deviate it from you so you do n't get too much wind , while still messing up the global air flow . 
  but the fan will still be noisy !, 
  and for the windows screen , same here in the nothern part of france . 
  it basically counters the two most incomfortable things of summer ( i 've got nothing against a hot weather , but sweating while sleeping makes the night painful ), 
  why so ? 
  i 've been doing so for few years now during hot summer nights , did n't notice anything wrong . 
  i would like to point out that my fan is not korean . 
  then point the fan away from you , the air flow should still mess them up . 
  when i go to sleep i aim the fan slightly off of me so i do n't get too much air . 
  i was so surprised and amazed to see it everywhere when i went to la. 
  but you also have to look at where you are living , and the habits of people to deal with the weather . 
  it makes no sense to have central ac in the south of europe for instance , the houses are instead made to enhance natural air flow , and cooling in general . 
  in la you can have extreme heat , but the house walls are thin like paper so they do n't isolate at all from heat , and end up feel like an oven at the end of the afternoon when all the heat has built up . 
  i sleep with the fan on , and earbuds . 
  complete silence , and freshness . 
  saves me from hot nights . 
  they ca n't land in troubled winds !, 
  think about a choper that has to land in the strong winds of himalaya or something . 
  and mosquitos require quite some time to bite , unlike others insects that sting , so they ca n't bite if they ca n't land . 
  what i found out is also that as their flight is messed up , they are way much easier to kill ( they get pushed against walls and ca n't properly evade surgical strikes . 
  then , i do n't know where you live but please keep your mutated invincible mosquitos with you and suffer quietly . 
  or , you do [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om6e3f2lt14 ) . 
  it 's my secret dream . 
  i thought that coca-cola contained cocaine ... 
  same here !, 
  it says steam network is unreachable . 
  hello !, 
  welcome to my humble home . 
  i had / u/feureau build it for me . 
  it d\u00e9pends . 
  if i want to lay back and enjoy the cast and the game then i pick the caster 's point of view, 
  ti3 is the first dota 2 pro gaming event that i follow , and i do n't know all the teams history yet . 
  but i feel bat for mufc =(, 
  `` it 's not a bug , it 's a feature '' . 
  here 's a guide for new players written by purge , a guy known for his casting , commented games and guides about dota 2 . 
  and of course / r/dota2 is there with lots of good content !, 
  some game mechanisms are indeed not well handled by bots . 
  maybe bloodbath ( passive that gives you a % of the max hp of every unit you kill as heal ) is one of them ? 
  also , you will need to watch videos for many heroes so you can see how they can be used . 
  when i want to try a new hero , i first play him blindly , against bots , but then i watch some pro or commented games ( like purge 's ) to see what are the classics to do with them . 
  item builds , speels chain , combination with other heros to have effective combos , or even positioning . 
  now that you 've played bloodseeker , take a look at that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgrynjncv18, 
  you will see how to use his skills that you now understand to effectively play against humans . 
  you 'll see purge is easy to enjoy when casting replays . 
  he has a very solid play and you should look at how he behaves in lane , then in teamfight/roaming situation . 
  do n't take everything he does for classic though ( for instance he plays mid with bloodseeker , but it is comon to see blooedseeker played on other lanes , or in the jungle ) , and of course each game is unique , 
  you can take a look at the most rated guides for your characters , and pick one for the lane you want to take for the game . 
  they often include explaination on items choice . 
  my point was looking at the explaination peole give in their guides . 
  with that , you can sort of understand how to pick early game items . 
  competition is still not always a good thing at every level in itself . 
  you may want to have a single strong company having the monopoly of one field nationaly so it can compete internationaly . 
  yes : when looking for a game , you would see a red message above the worldmap saying that you are queuing in the low priority list . 
  source : when i started playing , i thought it was normal to gg and abandon lost games like in sc2 . 
  the exact same way you gg out of team games in general . 
  when the game is lost , you gg and quit even if the last building is n't detroyed . 
  i 'd say this , or a talisman or something . 
  it 's an upgrate of the orb of venom after all . 
  also , i meant that i did that during the first days/weeks . 
  as soon as i was put in low priority , i realized wow the system worked and people habits , and stopped . 
  i actually found the bestofed post also quite boring . 
  there is no advice , just general consideration about abuse , and supeficial attempt at psychoanalysis, 
   the first step is being honest with yourself . 
  it sounds to me like you were looking for someone to love and take care of you , and that you felt betrayed and angry when that did n't happen . 
  i do n't know what your relationship was like with your parents , but i can guess . 
  this is really bad reasoning . 
  it does n't mean anything , as the subconscious is built through relations with words , not with principle that comes out of a book for children . 
  it 's like an infinite power rangers choregraphy . 
  yes , but it will also help when microing the five meepos in late game teamfights , where you actually have to micro for a while , and where boxing mishandling can quickly be fatal . 
  the best is for brood , which has already some serious job to do in term of boxing \\ ^ ^, 
  i just wanted to say that it made me strongly think about [ bahamut ] ( http://www.electricblueskies.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/final-fantasy-x-ffx-hd-wallpaper-set12-bevelle-30-boss-fight-isaarus-bahamut-spathi.jpg ) .
