  problem is , there is a little bug that does n't make shift-queuing that easy to use . 
  if you shift-queue while an ally is using the courier , he will appear as controlling the courier even when his queue is done and the courier has started executing your queue . 
  so it appears the previous user is keeping the hand on it and might have cancelled your queue . 
  my bet is , a huge proportion of players wo n't play it for practice but just to feel comfortable in a mid lane with od/viper/venom and enjoy stomping a poor guy trying to practice his 1v1 clock . 
  also , the lack of wards and flying ( or people buying them ) makes the practice fairly useless passed 4 minutes . 
  your behavior becomes completely different than what you would do on a 1v1 lane in game and some match up become ridiculous when there is someone who does n't rely on bottle . 
  not saying this is not worth playing , but it should n't be called a practice mode . 
  i was shocked this was n't mirror . 
  i got in my first match , realized i could pick whatever i wanted , but i though that maybe the game would draw a 50 % chance and pick my or my opponent 's hero to have a mirror match up . 
  i ended up versus a viper , who - to my big surprise - dominated his lane , giving no fucks about bottle crowing , runes or ganks . 
  i expected a mirror mode . 
  i agree with op , this mode does n't look like valve put any time or effort , i ca n't see the difference with the `` mid only '' mod we had for custom lobbies , beside the hidden hero selection step . 
  they changed something very important in the tmm . 
  before , you could get a ranking with a team of 5 , and afterward the game would consider completely independent the mmr of the team and the mmr of the players that compose it . 
  so any personal progress would n't reflect into the team 's mmr , which make the ranking system pretty useless for this mode , given how little people are playing it . 
  problem is , it 's nothing close from any real situation . 
  the blind non mirror pick with no subtlety about the courier ( no limitation for bottle crowing , no flying unless you buy it etc ) makes the practice worthless . 
  you are never going to play in these conditions , and the fact that it 's non mirror makes the game mostly decided by picks i feel like . 
  i agree . 
  i had n't heard of op before this thread , and who he is and the way he usually expresses his opinion does n't make his point less valid . 
  valve just integrated the mid only custom lobby mode in a match making system , hiding the hero selection step . 
  that fucking sucks and as someone playing the huge majority of my team games as mid , i do n't see how i could find it useful . 
  well , i feel like i should contribute by saying that i have an egyptian left foot , but a greek right foot . 
  for those doubting about this , go watch dendi 's close up video and look at his hand . 
  not saying they all have the same position and movement , but just look at the amount of tension . 
  lots of it is related to the importance of the match . 
  pro player put much more stress on themselves when they play for money , i find surprising so many people do n't understand this . 
  having to sustain this several days strait with the biggest stake possible is not comparable to pubing . 
  consider also that there is a gap between having performances reduced and not being able to play . 
  no , i refer to the video of his recent tinker game at the summit . 
  i almost never solo queue but have a 51.1 % of my games as radiant ( 563 radiant , 538 dire ) . 
  as i said i almost never play solo . 
  i play 99 % of my games in stack so i should have more dire games according to / u/wikku . 
  my last 17 games in captain 's mode with friends , i got 14 games as radiant . 
  also , we always have stack against us , being radiant or dire . 
  yup , that was my conclusion . 
  i usually play with 3 or more people , and might have met enemy teams with only smaller stacks only a couple of time . 
  i have a regular 5 stacks , and i often party with 3 or 4 beside that . 
  in a huge proportion of matches , we meet stacks of comparable size . 
  people are so sick of the way big publishers abuse advertising to push them to buy products that are n't like advertised . 
  you offer to fully experience your game for free providing a torrent . 
  it 's not enough to make your game great alone , but it definitely shows how you care for your customers . 
  in french , rot means `` burp '' . 
  well fitted too . 
  [ d  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1muobqhpsms ), 
  definitely . 
  you can see her silhouette much better . 
  in dota 2 the particles around her body mask it a bit too much and she looks more like a gastly . 
  what / u/twanmayonais probably means is that reddit will suggest the youtube video title if you ask for it . 
  if you are deeply convinced nobody could connect with you - not because you are aware of your iq and feel superior , but rather because you never feel like being on the same intellectual level than the people you interact with - it can appear meaningless to try and explain your troubles on a suicide note . 
  would n't it be a problem for him to be casting a tournament where his own team is playing ? 
  i 'm not talking about forming thought into words , i mean being feel empathy that others show to you . 
  if you feel like nobody around you understands your state of mind , and envision that they never will , the suicide note or even the expression of depressed thoughts becomes meaningless . 
  yeah , i see no reason to shit on you . 
  chances are though , that it was just luck . 
  i 'd be interesting to see the average last hit per game as function of mmr and have it compared across regions . 
  do n't think valve would encourage this kind of comparison though . 
  linkens does block it , but you always get a forcestaff on bat , and when you have bots and drums aura etc , you can afford to trigger the linkens with your staff and you 're good . 
  his control was more relying on the black rods . 
  to me it should be close from the whole `` will '' black zetsu incarnates . 
  he would project his will through these rods . 
  seriously , it 's been a while since i have n't seen shitty_wattercolour and other redditartists that paint or sketch other 's comments , but i am really glad you took over . 
  your drawings are so refreshing . 
  at one point i was convinced by that tobi was [ kagami uchiha ] ( http://naruto.wikia.com/wiki/kagami_uchiha ) . 
  tobirama mastered dimensional and water jutsu . 
  kagami was in his team when he chose sarutoibi for third hokage before sacrificing his life . 
  kagami would have developed tobi 's plan , jealous from not becoming hokage , and would have learned from tobirama the powers tobi was displaying . 
  when you hit someone , you receive the exact same force you apply to them , in the opposite direction . 
  so they are hitting you as much as you are hitting them . 
  that 's what i like about competitive strategy games . 
  even the most filthy , disgustingly annoying strategy is fair as long as it 's efficient . 
  6 pool ? 
  you 're damn right i 'll try it if i think i can get away with it . 
  same goes with this rat dota , you have to find a way to counter it , and there is most likely one at least . 
  but alliance play it so tightly that you have to be extremely well prepared . 
  people deserve to be compensated for the time and effort they put in creating this information ( or content ) . 
  basic concept of work , you ca n't give away their product for free . 
  i just tried three different websites including kayak and got the exact same prices using incognito or not . 
  so i guess my future is safe for now . 
  yeah the squirrel was obviously late for his christmas dinner . 
  m-maybe he was afraid of her cutting his dick off ? 
  it 's a tradition for french presidents to finish their mandate being hated my the public , and very often followed by juridic affairs . 
  the previous president , chirac , got some serious trouble . 
  same goes for all our 5th republic presidents mostly . 
  keep in mind that he is being detained about the possibility to have obtained classified information about another case he was being involved , all of this gravitating around the end of his mandate . 
  there is actually a very nice website where you can compare public opinion polls along various french president mandates http://www.data-publica.com/content/2013/03/comparez-les-cotes-de-confiance-des-presidents-de-la-veme-republique-mesurees-par-tns-sofres/# add more presidents by clicking in the box on the left . 
  you can see that sarkozy is pretty comparable to others . 
  they still can control it and prevent you to use it . 
  i knew before clicking and was happy to be right . 
  maybe you should have avoided taco bell for breakfast . 
  the secret is out !, 
  they took more than three weeks to correct the 90 % loading bug that seemed to affect lot of people . 
  thinking about dlcs with a bug like this is non-sense . 
  give him roshan . 
  you could fix this , giving him flying pathing , giving him a slow aura , etc. 
  also , they multiply after 6 * successful * autoattacks , so if their target dies before their attack hit , or if they miss because of evasion , the hit does n't count . 
  i 'm not sure you got what op asked , he wondered why the section `` team game '' is now empty , while you chould before chose to spectate wheter a normal game , or a team game ( talking about regular pub games ) . 
  because there is n't a team match making anymore . 
  teams can now be matched agains non teams . 
  i would guess all games can now be found under the regular game section in the `` live games '' menu. , including team vs team and team vs non team .
