  edit : 100 $ + donation , 130 subs , litteraly saving d i g i t a l s p o r t s, 
  edit : 140 subs reaching 900 total , waga 's starting to think there is a conspiracy behind the sub hype . 
  edit : 160 subs , waga 's confirms we are taking his sub train virginity . 
  edit : 170 subs , bid war has been declared . 
  currently at ~ ~ 140 $ ~ ~ 268 $ . 
  rad and panda going strong . 
  edit : 200 subs , imma stop counting i do n't know any number higher . 
  edit : we might have waga banned from twitch for no streaming games because he 's reading every sub 's name . 
  edit : reaching 330 subs , pandatelf is leading the charge with 1000 $ in donations . 
  waga might need to recruit a team of programmers to [ handle his overlay ] ( http://imgur.com/dj8qrsp ) . 
  his mind is weakening . 
  edit : 345 subs biblethump, 
  edit : and thus i lose my gold virginity . 
  i will remember this day for even longer and shall teach my children about this epic adventure . 
  but he saved 10 $ !, 
  maybe because op obviously lying and a clic bait title makes it a very bad post ? 
  does this mean that rabbits will join them as human-killing specie ? 
  but the poor cancerous cells :(, 
  kakashi : say what ? 
  that 's atcually only what matters here . 
  each new item corresponds to a dirac in the derivative of the damage , which is exactly what this item brings : a jump in your dps . 
  what you are interested in is the cummulative of these jumps . 
  basically exactly the graph shown minus the smoothed lines which are really missinformative as / u/escapement noticed . 
  i 've heard a few players mentioning their unique item quickcast slot ( in particular sing ) and that 's what i 'll go for as far as items are concerned . 
  i might consider getting a second one when playing tinker though , but i think it 's not saved with every hero is it ? 
  it 's fun because almost all conflict in the last part of the 20th century in the middle east are connected to the control of energy resources by our western countries ( us leading but not alone ) . 
  it 's fairly anecdotal , the point of the thread is how to handle his friend . 
  i write algorithms , so my hope is more robots means more work for me . 
  i do n't know . 
  is this allowed to gg mid draft ? 
  it 's like a mafia , acting in the shadows of reddit . 
  the most awesome mafia . 
  as a person with jewish origins , i ca n't wait to get my aubrey plaza puppet . 
  it 's not just you , at some point in the last year they added the fact that a muted player could n't spam ping by disabling their ping after a few . 
  distortion and audio effects in general were crucial for the development of music , starting from mid xxth century . 
  i love the story of the wahwah , which started as a trompet effect you could get with a specific mute technique and was made famous by hendrix as a guitar effect . 
  check out this nice song of [ the flecktones ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ol1_6amw3q ) ( higher quality here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ol1_6amw3q ) where you have wahwah on the bass and sax , as well as distortion and octavia on the bassoon . 
  makes you understand how wider you can extend the range of timber you can get out of an instrument . 
  and when you have enjoyed all that , check the drummer ( and no , i am not talking about the awesome mario-like steel drum player ) . 
  so huskar is basically tenten ? 
  seems legit . 
  saying to someone depressed to stop worrying , stop * trying * and just * do * is n't going to help much . 
  first , i miss a distinction in english between having a depressing spleen ( more circumstantial ) and being truly depressed as in having depression ( we have deprim\u00e9 for the first and depressif for the latter in french ) . 
  op really sounds like someone * depressif * to me , mostly because of the total isolation and the very long period of time . 
  second thing is , i do n't think depression can be purely psychological or physiological . 
  you can have genetic predisposition , or even a confirmed brain dysfunction , or having experienced psychological traumas , etc. 
  but depression seems definitely like a pathological mesh of brain and thoughts that influence each other . 
  thoughts cause unbalance in neurotransmitters , or can alter neurones connexions , as much as the opposite can happen . 
  not at all , it is perfectly possible . 
  the rate of games where someone instapick techies is between 0 and 100 % . 
  but the rate at which people win against this is also a number between 0 and 100 % and is independent of the first percentage . 
  you could have , say 30 % of games where techies is install pick , and have say 50 % of these games where is is beaten by he enemy team . 
  you could have 100 % winrate against instapick techies even if it happens 5 % of the games . 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  get only half of these cs and go win the game with blink forcestaff bkb . 
  did you find it from his reddit profile or only his picture ? 
  did n't they call for a break this week ? 
  here is the salt lake city police dpt website http://slcpd.com/ , and you can contact them about this video at slcpdpr@slcgov.com . 
  let them know what you think about their officers violating the law . 
  maybe just ask for the rest of the team to vote after 5 min without exp gain ? 
  no his signature is definitely magnus , he 's up there alone with s4 ( who plays it less frequently than arise ) . 
  yeah , many countries have shown that if you have a good enough education and police you do n't need to allow everyone to carry a gun to defend themselves . 
  it 's a tough issue in the us because their tradition to carry gun is rooted in the country 's culture and constitution . 
  but i feel definitely safer in a country where i know that the average number of people going around carrying firearms is very low in comparison . 
  also i do n't really understand op 's point . 
  the dude in the video did n't carry a gun and i ca n't see a point where drawing one out would have guaranteed a safer resolution . 
  what if the dudes go grab their own and start firing ? 
  the video explicitely prooves that guns would n't have brought anything necessary in this situation . 
  ha , i 'd be curious to know . 
  some things can only be answered with time i guess . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  it 's ok to let your daughter have sex , just neut here when she is four months old . 
  maybe he likes how a thick mustache tickles ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was around ti that sing started saying it , so i 'd say it 's rather something he heard a lot while in seattle . 
  but envy has definitely had his `` oh my * fuckin * god '' for much longer . 
  here is the link ( video description ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn5cfesy7b4, 
  i really like it , especially the very long answers in jap . 
  here , `` best of '' means the sandwich , a medium fries and a medium drink . 
  the +60 c is to get large fries and large drink ( which , i think , are your medium drink , no refill in general ) . 
  burgers alone are usually around 4-5 $ . 
  guys the dad probably won over 20 millions . 
  he is just playing it patiently . 
  probably inspired by the technique aussies developed : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tfgxxw274o, 
  edit : video is sfl . 
  no it does n't !, 
  it esapes seemingly unharmed . 
  you are under arrest by the dota police, 
  family said he was receiving psy medical treatment . 
  we 've had the technology for a while ... http://imgur.com/5yeuxhr, 
  interesting , thanks for the video !, 
  it reminds me of medusa radiant ancients . 
  doubt it , the hero naturally counters pudge with his feast and pudge 's large hp pool . 
  piercing hook gives a better chance to pudge but i would not call ls out of the fight so quickly . 
  you probably mean < 4 . 
  it could n't remain like that . 
  anyone who has played pl and tries his hands on the new version understands that its purpose has changed . 
  i mean , it feels like you pop illusions faster at lvl 6 than lvl 16 in the previous version . 
  watch him talk about economy and his strategy , it 's ( a bit long but ) very interesting . 
  i found fascinating his view of steam as a horizontal platform when content producers and content cobsummers are put at the same level . 
  remember , he originated the porting of doom from dos to windows , created hl which lead to the globally played cs , then steam with hl2 , and now with dota 2 , workshops and other greenlight he really is a force of change in the industry .
