  you speak like the patch brought him anything good , which it didnt ? 
  also i could n't find anything actually new , except the thing with earth spirit aghs . 
  i do n't see how the new roshan position makes it easier to blink in from dire ? 
  it 's also nothing specific to meepo , and far from being a strategic point for him either . 
  meepo is probably one of the least bottle carrier affected by the rune change , with ember spirit , because they can afford fountain trip very easily . 
  but most importantly , nothing from 6.82 makes him stronger than 6.81 ( as you even say yourself , his damage buff is older than 6.82 ) . 
  and he got maybe heavily , maybe only significantly nerfed with the new bounty change . 
  so nothing specific to the 6.82 patch gives him the advantage of being able to stay '' 4 minutes undisturbed or 1 support rotation , he just snowballs out of control '' , if at all it 'll be harder to win with him than in 6.81 . 
  in no way only the 6.82 changes you mentioned allow now what you describe . 
  he was at the source of creation of cs for giving the ability for modders to create it , and use the online fonctionalities of half life multiplayer . 
  he clearly does n't present himself as someone with a creative input but as someone who enables these input , which he totally did for cs . 
  there is also not much point in playing on words and saying he only `` funded '' hl . 
  we are clearly talking about economic , marketing and product strategy . 
  i 'm criticizing the fact to distinguish create and fund in the context of our discussion , with is just not relevant . 
  i 've changed my words about cs . 
  agreed , he can . 
  but he could also spot the two runes spot in 6.81 and guarantee getting the only rune spawning . 
  phantom mansir . 
  i kinda agree with op , and even a set of wards wo n't make you invincible the whole game . 
  the problem is , lone druid is already a heavy farmer and i 'm not sure i would like having him farm a midas , which means concentrating even more ressources on him . 
  alright , here we go, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72hlzcrn7lk . 
  true art if you ask me . 
  yep , you can see the red sleeve , same as the other , left sleeve of the top right kid . 
  just spray your hard drives with a good insecticide , that should do the trick . 
  qop not a support ? 
  you have n't seen tocker qop roaming dude . 
  you are being a dick when you say that you dislike him doing his thing on youtube . 
  you can like him , you can dislike him . 
  but you are being childish when you say you dislike that he has an activity that other people actually enjoy . 
  he is sharing a childish , self-centered opinion . 
  if you read the comments again , nobody even vaguely said that only positive opinion should emmerge . 
  my point was concerning the fact that you disliking something should n't make you want that thing to just not exist , when that thing is a matter of personal opinion ( like enjoying baumi 's videos ) . 
  it 's like complaining saying `` i 'm sad they still make chocolate ice cream '' because i do n't like chocolate ice cream . 
  not at all , there is an obvious nuance between `` i think he is the worst youtuber '' and `` i am sad he is still a youtuber '' . 
  once again , the second is focusing on how you dislike the world not following your opinion , which is completely different than expressing that opinion . 
  i said now three times that i do n't care about his actual opinion about daumi 's content , he could like it or not . 
  i 'm done with simplifying and giving analogies , if you do n't see the nuance good for you . 
  you can be mad because i do n't like opinions all you want . 
  that 's what i 've been doing for a while : buy smoke , tp , find a shrine where you can tp smoked without being spotted , and go farm/dick around in the enemy jungle . 
  if you get caught , the goal is to escape unnoticed again . 
  probably yes , this is critical because it allows all your bobbies to hit a target simultaneously , instead of always blocking each other . 
  well , you also have many ways to remotely disable someone from a distance without using firearms . 
  but agreed , i was surprised they approached him so poorly armed . 
  it definitely changes the gameplay in the web yeah , you ca n't use body block anymore . 
  but you still can place your family at the border of a web where a target will escape , and block as soon as leaving the web . 
  this is similar to the way i do it . 
  you have to visualize the general pace of the game , and identify the space where you can farm safely ( which can sometimes suddenly change , in the time of a couple of tps from other heroes ) . 
  inside that space , you optimize your path ( pattern ) between farming lanes , farming jungle , ancients , stacking and tp for easy kills in fight mostly . 
  you optimize your farm by aiming at a couple of objectives , like not letting enemy creeps die in lane without you , emptying the jungle as much as possible before the next minute or clearing an ancient stack right before the minute to have another camp spawning right away . 
  you can aim at finishing the jungle in the camp the closest to the nearest rune spot if you approach a rune spawning time to go grab it quickly before going back to jungle . 
  similarily , you should try and chain jungle camps so you finish with a camp close to the lane where you will transition immediately after , right when the creeps reach you . 
  you clear two creep waves at once and your safe lane starts pushing and there is no tier 1 ingame anymore , clean the jungle and tp right away to your hard lane tier 2 , push it a little then go straight to the ancients , for example . 
  this is a way to minimize the time you spend not farming and maximizing the % of resources generated on the map that you collect . 
  this is a tough problem for me . 
  if you can definitely still win the game despite a horrible teammate , i will have close to zero fun doing it , and probably will feel depressed and anxious afterwards . 
  i am having a hard time staying motivated purely for my winrate/mmr and not because i am having fun . 
  haha yeah , i play mid for my team and i almost never play alone . 
  but i always ask politely in pub though . 
  just a precision about the example shown above . 
  the beautiful face of nicholas is implicitely discretized into a finite set of points before runing the computation ( like a numeric pictures of a continuous object would also include a step where the signal is discretized and projected on a grid of pixels ) . 
  this is done in order to allow computation , because you can not handle an infinite number of points with a computer . 
  so you have a set of points ( ( x1 , y1 ) , ( x2 , y2 ) , ... , ( xn , yn ) ) on your graphe that you want to match with an equation . 
  once the curve discretized , we know how to find a combination of harmonic functions that visit the points ( ( x1 , y1 ) , ( x2 , y2 ) , ... , ( xn , yn ) ) ( this called interpolation , finding a function that visits a given set of points , done usually with polynomial or harmonic functions http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polynomial_interpolation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trigonometric_interpolation ) . 
  this interpolation gives you a curve ( x ( t ) , y ( t ) ) that can be defined for t in [ 0,1 ] or [ 0 , 2 * pi ] such that ( x ( t1 ) , y ( t1 ) ) = ( x1 , y1 ) , ( x ( t2 ) , y ( t2 ) ) = ( x2 , y2 ) ... and ( x ( tn ) , y ( tn ) ) = ( xn , yn ) . 
  so the solution obtained does coincide with your initial drawing on the finite set of points produced after discretization , but you have no guarantee of its behavior outside those points in the general case . 
  this picture https://nclab.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/022.png illustrates how coinciding on a finite set of points does not guarantee similar behavior in between the points . 
  the limitations of this approach appear when your initial drawing is not smooth enough , compared to the distance between and the total number of points you keep when discretizing it . 
  if it varies too quickly , you will lose too much information during discretization , and if your interpolation does coincide with your initial curve on the discretized points , it might be very different from it inbetween them . 
  because interpolation always assumes a smoothness of the underlying curve in order to be accurate . 
  this picture http://imgur.com/zvx50i5 shows how discontinuous or irregular curves are hard to approximate with this method . 
  the functions used to approximate the curve are smooth , so you see artifacts appearing near points of discontinuities ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibbs_phenomenon ) . 
  you do not need to go down to the plank scale to have enough information . 
  information theory ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/information_theory ) gives ways to adress this question . 
  in practice , you can have the impression of smoothness in many situations where you look/listen at something quantized because our own sensors have a limited sensitivity . 
  sparse optimization has also lead to a fertile approach of the problem , with wavelets ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wavelet ) , compressed sensing ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compressed_sensing ) , dictionary learning ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/machine_learning#sparse_dictionary_learning ) or sparse coding techniques in general . 
  hard to watch , but i had to go through the whole video . 
  i know tude . 
  i have n't seen it myself but i completely believe it . 
  he usually does n't skill vortex on storm either . 
  last time i saw himplay terrorblade , he said `` i bet you could play this hero without his slow and metamorphosis and still win '' . 
  you know what to expect . 
  i actually heard that today , you can see on his stream how he likes terrorblade ( despite copiously feeding ) , and he plays sotrm right after :d, 
  but it 'd be a pretty good price . 
  just realize that giving 100 mana every 30s is like adding more than 3 mana per second to her aura , it 's completely unrealistic with these numbers . 
  i want to see a mod with friendly fire on . 
  and apparently he smells like beef . 
  op 's saying getting 0 when coming back after abandon and winning would be ok . 
  simply restart uplay in offline mode . 
  aussie op 's third post :, 
   why are u still denying it kazza ? 
  the truth is right before your eyes . . do u think i photoshopped the screenshots or something ? 
  lol, 
   i agree with kazza , his dotabuff is open to public , but his smurf is anonymous , fucking retarded arab, 
  i wonder why they are n't capable of having a proper conversation . 
  there is a bug when you pick windrunner , buy wards and courier , go ward fountain , gank mid , cast sunstrike , go to shop , buy boots =  game crashes . 
  the joke is that the light changed when the picture was being taken and the camera captured both red and green because of a too slow shutter . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  is n't it because he thought he lost all his drones while they were stacked on gaz at the base being dropped ? 
  i do n't understand why they do n't introduce the trigonometric functions through the unit circle in school .
