  actually i did not post here because almost all my dreams leave me a very confusing and scary feeling . 
  last time , we talked about anesthesia at diner , i dreamed i was under anesthesia but still half conscious . 
  i was laying on a bed/table and two people were ... frying my feet in a pan . 
  they were standing at the end of the bed near where my feet would rest , and had placed a hot pan under them . 
  and even if i did not feel the pain i knew my feet were frying . 
  and of course you ca n't do anything because you 're under anesthesia . 
  i really do n't like dreaming :(, 
  haha not at all !, 
  look for signs like painting your wall with your poop , mutilating your body , or hearing voices ;-), 
  it might just mean that you were michael jackson in an earlier life . 
  your teeth symbolize his white socks and the dancing his art . 
  as i said every dream and interpretation of it should be 100 % dependant of the person . 
  in addition , this is deeply linked to language - as a concept but also as english/spanish/whatever language . 
  there is some words association that you could do in only one language and that would lead to dreams that would mean maybe something totally different for a person speaking another language . 
  similarly , you could have very similar desires expressed totally differently , as they often only expressed very indirectly through weird words switch . 
  same , including firefly , seinfield , game of throne ... well i watched the first episode of game of throne and stoped . 
  if i want gore and incest i already have 4chan . 
  it depends , are you pyroismedic 's second personality ? 
  if so , you are fine but he is fucked up . 
  please get help , dear op . 
  getting over it and find a way to move on will never mean you leave her or forget her . 
  it means you can live again , which is obviously what she could hope for you . 
  she ca n't recover but you can . 
  dear port-au-prince , please get help . 
  and if it does n't work , try again . 
  there you go , 
  came here to say this . 
  but op 's technique still remains vital , because some links do n't interest me enough for me to up or downvote them . 
  i came here ot say basically what chuffs ` edit says , in a different way . 
  when you put the cup of water in the barrel of wine , you are putting water that contains wine . 
  so you think that this impurity should make at the end the wine barrel less contaminated by water than the barrel of water by wine . 
  but what counts here is concentration , and when you add the cup of water contaminated , you add it in the barrel of wine from which you already took a cup , at the beginning of the experiment . 
  so when you add the contaminated cup of water , you pour it in a smaller volume than when you put the wine cup in the water barrel . 
  so you are putting some water slightly diluted with wine , but in a smaller volume of wine . 
  those two effects have opposite effects that perfectly compensate each other . 
  you do n't have to change you keyboard mapping , just check this out , 
  hey moazek , first thanks for sharing . 
  your story is interesting even if it implies your complicated condition . 
   i 'm better at preventing certain thoughts from translating into actions if that makes sense, 
  i think this is they key point . 
  you ca n't * heal * from a psychological structure , as you said it is just the way you are made . 
  but i think that what you point out mentioning the transition from thoughts to action is crucial . 
  i think that this is the difference between being able to live decently in society or not , and i am very happy that you feel you gain control on this . 
  one other point , on psychiatrists . 
  i understand how you could have no trust for them , but i think that the treatment that a good psychiatrist would give you could represent a strong tool to control your condition . 
  it is like going to the dentist , or to the car mechanic : you have good ones and bad ones . 
  even if you do n't find him immediately , or even if the treatment takes time to be really efficient , i think you could gain a lot from seing a psychiatrist . 
  finally , i totally agree with you on music . 
  i think it is a unique way to explore your mind and to show you to others . 
  it is one of the few thing i could sacrifice all the other for . 
  i think this is the main reason . 
  cancer is pretty much an old age disease when you think about how old people used to live 200 years ago ( http://www.j-bradford-delong.net/movable_type/images2/maddison_life_exp.gif ) . 
  and now we have started better identifying neuronal diseases because we also managed to handle better cancers . 
  who knows what 's next ? 
  all glory to the hypnotoad, 
  yes it is , but as often in france you have the public debate that focuses about unrealistic scenarii , no precise and comparative numbers and ideological discussions on one side , and on the other side you have all the national strategies and decisions made by high rank ingeneers , economists and law specialists ( i did n't want to call them lawyers because i doubt they are ) . 
  france is far from getting over nuclear energy . 
  fukushima has made us realized that energy was part of the crucial fields to invest r&d ressources into , but we are slow enough on that part to ensure for nuclear energy few decades of monopoly , at least . 
  nuclear energy is not that unsafe . 
  i is the low probability/huge risks that is frightening . 
  but one of the worst radioactive accident happened in a coal plant in the us so nuclear energy is far from being the only big problem in term of safety . 
  are you french ? 
  you sound like you are ^ ^, 
  yes i agree with you , but i would n't call it industrial lobbies . 
  for me it has to deal with our school system ( `` normal '' students vs super grandes ecoles students , that become normal citizens vs deciding citizens ) and the way we built the society in the last 60 years where we pushed so hard in the direction of the opposition between workers and patrons . 
  so now people think it is them against governments/employers/whatever is above them in the hierarchy . 
  and it leads to what you say : people feel like they do n't have their world to say unless with striking d :, 
  cybernetic velociraptor . 
  you got my special `` best comment of the day '' upvote . 
  enjoy it as much as you ... err enjoy the video . 
  i am looking for it without success for now . 
  it had been brought up during fukushima-related debates . 
  i think i remember it happened in the 80s/90s , east side of the us . 
  basically it was a pile of radioactive coal leaking , something like this . 
  i know this is far from being accurate , what stuck to my mind was that it was depicted to me as maybe the 3rd or 4th biggest event involving radioactive leak . 
  this is from far the most complexe and realistic eco simulation i could think of . 
  you have an entire industry based on war because each starship destroyed by a player get taken out definitely ( leaving a wreck to salvage ... ) . 
  as the non-regulated part of the universe is rulled by players that get engaged in battles involving regularly more than a thousand of players simultaneously , and because there is also a lot of research around the technology for war and industry itself , the market is a key element in that big sandbox universe . 
  i knew a few people that manipulated heavly some items price and induced tremendous reaction in the market . 
  a patch where one item would be for example switched from npc-produced only to player/npc-produced is gon na be eavly debated . 
  there is people that spend weeks without leaving a station , just placing orders , studying price evolution , and organising trade . 
  like the say : `` eve online is serious business '' . 
  edit : tpyo, 
  yes please , pictures !, 
  come on guys . 
  yscapital , mxraider answered you about the troll face . 
  i found the use of the troll face fairly appropriate . 
  the guy dropped a snow ball to the face of op , he is sneaky , anoying and provoking -  he is a troll . 
  come on kiss , hug and love each other now . 
  i know i 'm late but ... 
  funny i see that here , i was told yesterday by my friends to get my old snes to have some old school fun http://i.imgur.com/mggap.jpg?1, 
  both my controller still work perfectly < 3, 
  i feel the same way . 
  i had been playing since beta 4 and i did n't like source at all . 
  i discovered condition zero very recently , then moved to go . 
  go is very fresh , with the good old taste of 1.6 . 
  to me it is worth its price , which is fairly low for the quality of the soft . 
  i have a similar problem . 
  good computer hardware but sometimes big fps drop . 
  mind to explain what `` cap '' means ?
