  i deep fry them . 
  usually i try and dry the oil with a paper tower but often they remain a bit greasy . 
  also skill injectors . 
  making skill points this fluid is at the root of the problem in my opinion , like a post was explaining this weekend . 
  has anybody thought about the fact that ccp might be as autistic as its player base ? 
  r/ofcoursethatsathing /, 
  not prepared enough . 
  could learn from this [ guy ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xiolo.gif ) . 
  i feel you could make a wavelets variant out of this . 
  do n't know if it the same for routers , but on mobile you ca n't guarantee to have a secure phone by doing this , because there are backdoors hard-coded into some chips that you simply can not disable with software . 
  do n't know if it the same for routers , but on mobile you ca n't guarantee to have a secure phone by doing this , because there are backdoors hard-coded into some chips that you simply can not disable with software . 
  always consider the hidden option `` close your obnoxious website and find another way '' . 
  \\* snip \\* the mods, 
  it does n't really , it mainly promotes the dude . 
  ah yes , and the huge purge started after the coup is just an unfortunate necessity that happens to completely eradicate anything that could constitue counter-offer in the public servants and governing body of turkey . 
  8 mb/s here , but i know my plc transmitters are throttling by connection . 
  you got ta love having competing isp industry . 
  if the environment is the same the compiled program is the same . 
  this is why it is called a * source * code . 
  no it 's good parenting . 
  that way you give the computer a chance to behave , and if they do you can order just a new drive or a bit of ram for them as reward . 
  if i am a modular cyborg that does n't feel pain and it 's an arm with better specs ? 
  you bet it would . 
  i heard it 's not uncommon to get fat after an athletic carrier , with your metabolism being optimized for huge physical activity and not for sedentary life . 
  yep , mainly reposting youtube comments . 
  i 'm convinced it 's going to take a couple of years , but lawmakers will catch up . 
  i agree with you , those chance based chests are 100 % gambling aimed at young adults and teenagers , and it has to be regulated as such . 
  there are tens and maybe hundreds of millions of dollars spent on these gambling minigames , it really needs to be laws to limit exposure to children and warnings for adults . 
  yeah wtf meming is irregular . 
  so you are saying ld has been being icefrog since warcaft iii ? 
  yeah and if not with color and light , you could have the first paper smeared with pheromone or scent we could n't pick up and to which the chicken cold be used to . 
  same is true for dota . 
  dota 1 was built gradually by many developers before being unified , and even as dota all-stars i do n't think you could say the game was mainly developed as e-sport . 
  but when dota 2 got made , it was mostly for e-sport , as well as testing the player-made cosmetic business model . 
  i do n't get # 20 . - . 
  so about 10 billion correct, 
  i had chronic back problems at 25 because i basically did n't know how to stand or sit properly . 
  spent a couple of months with a physiotherapist who taught me how to feel my posture , and correct it . 
  it included exercices i can do when i have pain that does n't go away by isteslf , and a set of basic rules to enhance posture . 
  since then , no more pain lasting over a day , and most importantly i have a great posture and my knee , hips , back , neck and head thank me every day for it . 
  \u2570 \u25c9 \u0414 \u25d5 \u2523 \u2587 \u2587 \u2587 \u2550 \u2500 \u2500 i have here a potion that can turn anyone into a filthy mod . 
  only 50 $ the dose !, 
  xzyclops would have won the arcana vote . 
  you should join us . 
  developers have taken the habit to monetize alpha versions . 
  come and take the slow pill , you 'll enjoy better titles at lower prices . 
  d e s c r i b e t a s t e, 
  please stop using that lame player . 
  that 's why we usually use c : as main hard drive letter . 
  the a : and b : were used for floppy disks of various formats , and at the beginning these were the only type of drive you could use . 
  this is relatively new , it was n't there in wol . 
  maybe simply a reddit-owned account or bot programmed to push the player . 
  there have been plenty since they launched it . 
  is that it ? 
  i just found this , guess i 'll have to treat reddit like those scummy websites with autoplay if that 's what they want . 
  thank god you 're here . 
  oh man , i bought the booklet with all regions printed out so nicely , i used it often when i lead roamed or went solo . 
  this was around 2007-2009 iirc . 
  i must still have it somewhere . 
  if she argues , bring up the patent pictures !, 
  so many videos of cute dogs pushing this shit players these days . 
  is the dog nation finally attacking and taking over reddit , by forcing this huge underlying change of pushing people to host content directly on reddit instead of ketting it be the link aggregator it always was ? 
  in any case , this player sucks . 
   this is the ninth death of a russian diplomat within a year . 
  `` died after a short illness '' you say ? 
  this seems more like an epidemic . 
  man , i was n't ready for the full bridge rectifier . 
  i 'm never ready for the full bridge rectifier . 
  good bot, 
  also , at least in french , you only capitalize the first letters in acronymes . 
  so you 'd write usa , but acme . 
  thing is , you are not supposed to be able to represent say a picture of a black hole , because light can not escape it 's event horizon . 
  i think the representations you are talking about aim at representing said horizon , from which nothing escape . 
  this horizon is larger than the black hole itself . 
  i knew a guy who died because he did n't read the therms of service . 
  you should n't host your video on reddit and use this shitty player . 
  reddit has entered full monetizing mode , you should n't consider it reliable to host content . 
  some graphics did ' t age well ( mostly the characters models , although they already felt super weird at the time ) but i replayed it recently and many landscapes and game mechanics kept most of their beauty and interest . 
  same for me , i played 1 and 2 when i was younger , enjoyed them qui a bit but they were still hard to get into , i was a bit young at the time, 
  i played fallout 3 later , and it was one of the most immersive game i ever played . 
  sunk hours into it , and i was obsessed with the atmosphere . 
  i tried new vegas and could n't really get into it . 
  but i feel like i might still play it one day . 
  bug fallout 3 is one of my top solo game . 
  i found some interesting charts . 
  uuh , i 'm not sure what happened , i think i commented on the wrong thread . 
  first thing i see is both dota 2 and csgo having entered a decline phase , roughly simultaneously between january ( csgo ) and july 2016 ( dota 2 ) . 
  they both became less played than pubg around a year later , january ( csgo ) and july 2017 ( dota 2 ) . 
  h1z1 saw an acceleration toward january 2017 but got halted and started decreasing at the same rate during the summer , when pubg player base grew a lot . 
  meanwhile , pubg had a very quick start with an exponential increase between june and septembre 2017 , although it seems it has started to slow its growth and started to stabilize . 
  good bot, 
  another cute pet video pushing this awful player and reddit-hosted content . 
  it feels like there are at least a couple everyday since they launched it . 
  hey op you should n't host your video on reddit and use this shitty player imo . 
  reddit has entered full monetizing mode , you should n't consider it reliable to host content . 
  youtube is n't much better you are right , but at least they act openly as a video hosting website , while i see reddit 's push for its player as a hidden way to gain power over users and content . 
  there are huge flaws in how youtube is ran , which are heavily detrimental to its users . 
  but it 's not a reason to encourage shitty stuff from other website . 
  it was less of a programming mistake , and more of a programming surprise . 
  the reason why the alien speed up is actually because the game could ` nt run at normal speed when all alien were alive at the beginning of a game , but could run gradually faster the more alien you killed , until reaching normal , full speed .
