  basically the subconcious asks itself : wait , what 's the difference between a man and a woman ? 
  how can i decide who i should fuck ? 
  the difference comes down to one thing in this weird subconcious world : penis . 
  i know woman have their own sexual organs , but the vagina is percieved as a hole , and a hole is a bunch of void . 
  the classical scheme that describe the heterosexual desire is : the woman wants from her man the ultimate object of power , his penis , and the man wants the woman as a sexual object herself ( i am by far the most respectful and romantic man of my circle of friends , please do not misinterpret this last sentence !, 
  like the founder of playboy hugh hefner says , `` if women were n't sex objects , there would not be another generation '' . 
  it is a joke but there is a deep truth hidden in this saying ), 
  for female homosexual , the scheme of sexual thoughts process could be transcripted like this : men have a penis , but i do n't need it . 
  for men , it is completely different , as the scheme could be writen as : women do n't have a penis ? 
  well i ca n't be sure of that . 
  and it is true , you can simply not be sure that something is not here . 
  you can only be sure that there is one , when you see it . 
  that kind of reflexion is by definition completely fucked up for concious thoughts . 
  i am not saying that mal homosexual think there is only mal and shemale on earth . 
  i am refering to subconcious language , made with the same worlds as concious language , but with tremendously different rules . 
  i also want to point out that this is only one element of response , and this , i assume , might not be the explaination any psychoanalyst would give to such a question . 
  also obviously , the social question is very important . 
  i found this idea very interesting and i hope i managed to share it without shocking anyone . 
  i deeply respect everyone 's sexual identity and any judgemental thoughts you could read in my answer would be yours , not mine , 
  i agree . 
  i have read an interesting explaination about the situation in israel . 
  the jews were the first population defining itself from a territory . 
  you were jew if you came from the holy land . 
  this spiritual link to the territory was something unique at the time . 
  fastforward a few thousand years , where nationalism begins . 
  nationalism is actually defining yourself as being from a given territory . 
  the religious attachment to the land has lead to the two world wars and has shown itself as being something to overcome to avoid such horrible events . 
  we built global regions and abandonned a part of our national power to create inter-dependancy between countries . 
  it happened that jews were one of the major victims during the world war , and finding an opportunity , they finally get their holy land . 
  unfortunetally , this happends right when we try to overcome fanatic nationalism because we know it can cause horrible behaviors and conflicts . 
  tl ; dr : jews invented nationalism millenuims ago , did n't get their country before after ww2 and the party was over . 
  i fear the day where someone will use the term french-efficient : /, 
  i am aware of that study , but i find it completely misleading . 
  in france , the standard number of hours of work per week is 35 . 
  the thing is , in the category of `` intellectual jobs '' ( secretary , teacher , doctor , etc ) , the is actually two different realities , tightly related to our school system : university vs `` grandes ecoles '' , litteraly great schools , that include engineering , doctor , law schools , business schools , political school for instance . 
  our universities are extremely inefficient at producing workers of good quality , while grandes ecoles are basically producing all the french elite that runs the country . 
  you end up with on one hand people working 35 hours a week but often very inefficient , not motivated , and giving much to the system and also not getting much from it , and on the other hand people that officially also work 35 hours a week , but work more something between 40 and 80 ( and this is actually visible right after bachelor degree among students ) . 
  this is one of the biggest problem in the french society today . 
  people working 35 hours are pissed off , they feel like being crushed by politics and patrons , and 40-80 hours workers are just `` wtf , just stop striking and move your lazy asses '' . 
  when you want to reform university , you get the answer : but we are good , look at the nobel prices and fields medals . 
  well , they are brought by people coming from grandes ecoles . 
  same for all the engineering stuff . 
  our engineers work much much more that what is declared , because our system is stupid and do n't really allow to work more . 
  i do n't know if i made myself clear , but this is a major issue in our society . 
  the people that could change that are already coming from grandes ecoles , work a lot and get a lot , so they do n't push it . 
  and the other just keep striking -_- ', 
  i feel like france should get 1 ct. every time the word freedom is used in america . 
  i mean , we invented freedom so ... 
  send poop from exotic animal to anyone worldwide . 
  yes , you read correctly . 
  i 'm pretty sure we pattented freedom . 
  yeah the document is right here , just next to apple patent 's on `` technology '' . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://xkcd.com/695/ ), 
  while you ca n't generalize that much ( i 'm form a grande ecole :p ) there is a lot of people there that think they won . 
  they managed to access the most difficult schools and know that from now on , they are safe . 
  the worst being that they are right , and this is sad . 
  on the other hand people from university are note even aware of how the duality of the system . 
  when we try and develop few selective university they say `` omg you want to put a label `` excellent '' or `` not so excellent '' on universities !! 1 ! '' . 
  they do n't realize that first this is necessary to have better university ( every student is not the same and we do n't reward enough the good students from university so they switch to grande ecole or they stop being so hard working ) , but also and above all that currently , it is the grande ecole that have the `` excellent '' label and university get nothing . 
  simple example : partnership with foreign countries from which you are are made with grande ecole ... 
  i got a 9 months internship in one of the top 5 university of the us by sending a single email just thanks to my school contacts because my school reputation is very high . 
  touch\u00e9 :d, 
  do n't tell me about it . 
  this ils truely horrible . 
  i have to use it extremely frequently and except for subway ( i mean city subway in opposition to national trains or trains that link a city to its suburbs ) it has 50 % chance of being a nightmare , 100 % of the time ... 
  your upvote is all i need , 
  there is only one way to find out !, 
  you need to put it in your bookmark before they put you in their bookmarks !, 
  i just arrived in china and got a chinese sim card . 
  all i 've been receiving is texts i actually do n't understand . 
  so here is the last one :, 
  just got in china and bought a chinese sim card . 
  this is the last of a series of text i received . 
  fuck it i am back to the website where you can send animal poop to people . 
  yes it would be much better for her to stay at home . 
  pets feel their end coming and i do n't think they have the same pathos about it than us . 
  you gave her the best a pet could hope for : love and confort . 
  i lost my cat and was with her from the beginning of the end to the end of the end . 
  it was painful but it am glad i was there . 
  i wait for the good time to adopt another one and when i will i will not have any regret . 
  as ceallaig says their is no betrayal in this , just affirming your love for them . 
  would you pay me if i let you do this to someone i know ? 
  maybe just an assumption . 
  as i said there is only one way to find out :d, 
  someone said his mom had to carry a very smelly package as a usp delivery employee so ... 
  is it a cake receipe for dog ? 
  i heard dog can not eat sugar , would n't it be a problem ? 
  i do the same , also i allow myself to rebuy when i feel i wo n't be lacking of money for the next rounds . 
  oblivious kl4me is oblivious . 
  i agree , but what i mean is that if i feel i 'll reach 16k or very close next round even if i rebuy , then i rebuy . 
  reaching 16k means you lose money . 
  i know everyone kept telling you this , but one more time wo n't hurt . 
  you need to understand how different you are from them , in the best way . 
  you have a unique background , but also you seem to be extremely mature . 
  you will have to wait before seing it paying off , because maturity scares immature people . 
  same for originality , which you seem to be full of . 
  they try and find a way to process that with their small brains and their small experience . 
  you have to understand that they do n't have what it takes to judge you just because they did not experienced the same world as you did . 
  hold on to the `` few fantastic friends '' you have . 
  they are the people that count , and may very well stick with you for a significant part of your life .
