  you can canonically extend the product operation from r with ( x1 , y1 ) * ( x2 , y2 ) = ( x1x2 , y1y2 ) on r \u00b2 , but the space created does n't have the same structure of division ring . 
  for instance more than the neutral element of the + law is non invertible , as the elements of the two lines { ( 0 , x ) / x in r } and { ( x ,0 ) / x in r } are n't invertible . 
  so you can not expect to extend your multiplication operation in a higher dimensional space by adding a third dimension and preserving a structure that you do not have to begin with . 
  this is a big difference between extending r to the complexe space c and extending r \u00b2 to another higher dimensional space . 
  you can find operations on a three dimension space which are not the usual operation that we use with r ^ 3 , but the extension people usually give meaning to is r ^ 3 . 
  and could n't have the same meaning as adding the imaginary axis to the real axis . 
  note as well that there is not a unique way to extend r to a two dimensions space while preserving the product and the division ring structure that comes with it . 
  if you want to extend c , you can look at [ quaternions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quaternion#quaternions_and_the_geometry_of_r3 ) and you will see that you still lose some algebric properties compared to extending r to c. 
  i am miserable at this , in french it is axe singular , axes plural . 
  thanks . 
  can somebody tell me what i 'm looking at precisely please ? 
  i do n't know why you chose to only retain pa arcana as topic for this thread but i have much more interest in the actual hack than that the fact that it is related to pa event . 
  anyway , it 's not irrelevant , i do n't hear about drop hack often and clearly a comment like this has its place here . 
  getting easy mmr with drop hack is actually more worrysome to me . 
  i find the comment interesting : `` they should have the choice to be able to be matched against higher skilled player '' . 
  i 'm a dota 2 player , and it could be interesting to be able to chose between easy , normal and hard mode where it offsets you a bit in the desired direction . 
  the day you feel like you want to push your limit , learn and get better go play a hard game , when you want to goof around go have an easy game where you not playing at your best wo n't matter that much . 
  the main problem that appears in dota 2 is that people do not play at constant mmr . 
  some people are very decent at certain roles but shit at other ; some people have very good and very bad days . 
  giving this flexibility could tackle this issue . 
  c a t t r a p p e d u n d e r c o u c h, 
  oh man , it 's sad someone at the head of such great forum got in trouble . 
  ca n't you ask the mods to graciously end the ban ? 
  who cares if you fly in boxers if you have leather seats ? 
  it 's also extremely dumb :, 
   health invariably comes up , but i can tell you that i walk at least eight miles a day , and eat very well . 
  when i feel sickness coming on , i make a garlic-lemon-cinnamon tincture with a whole head of garlic . 
  it almost always makes me better . 
  injuries do occur . 
  i pressure-fractured my leg last spring , and drank tons of comfrey tea and roadkill bone-broths , both of which are ancient remedies for a minor fracture . 
  i kept the weight off it , wrapped it , and in a few weeks , i was fine to walk . 
  could it have been worse ? 
  yes , but worrying does not do anyone any good . 
  actually it does . 
  if worrying for your health leads you to consult a doctor , i think you have better chance to have a long life than if you treat all your injuries with garlic-lemon juice and tea . 
  well , after a dozain of unsucessful tries with various strategies , and already agreeing with several of your choices , i followed your route and found the jump point !, 
  someone is building his carry omni wrong . 
  at the time reusing manta would n't dispel its illusions . 
  ha , i meant illusions would persist even after manta was used again . 
  i 've learned about maddox here last year and everytime i am surprised . 
  he is one of the most consistent and reliable producer of original content i come across . 
  him , and the guy that electrifies himself for every little reason he can think of . 
  in its late life , i hade to hold the top of my playstation down when the game started or it would almost never load . 
  she spent her last weeks upside down when holding the cap would n't work anymore . 
  any reason why you would think it is specific to asian people ? 
  because it 's actually not . 
  alright . 
  it 's actually a faily popular recurring joke in western countries too . 
  there you go https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfm_yhzffgg, 
  you seem to have trouble to understand that people might like/dislike things that you do n't . 
  well / u/sylverv cares . 
  as a m50 pilot , you guys are how i can have fun in ac . 
  for once i get to be the cat and not the mouse !, 
  300s definitely have different flavors , and they are not to hunt down the same way at all . 
  indeed the 300i is the squishiest . 
  you can follow it easily and never be trully affraid of it turning back and firing thanks to its modest weapons and aiming abilities . 
  the 325a is n't too comon , but is to treat with respect although it has weaker shielding than a hornet . 
  the thing will blow you up if you let it get aligned with you for a couple seconds . 
  you can defeat one with more ease than a hornet though , by dancing around it and staying above/below it . 
  the 350r is really fun , because of its small signature . 
  the only way i can get one down with my bulldogs is to chase it and keep it missile locked . 
  you get a nice red target around the body of the ship and it makes it much more feasible to get some hits on it . 
  the fun part being having to keep it in visu all the time . 
  so you end up spining like crazy , trying to put bullets in the big moving red circle . 
  it takes much more time to get one down than a 300i for this reason , and it can be impossible if you have no missile left and the dude knows to not stop in front of you for no reason . 
  yeah i corrected for the 325a . 
  it 's definitely not as impressive as a hornet , but it 's significantly more agile and faster . 
  i think i have n't fought a 315p yet but looking at the hardpoints they seem similar yes . 
  try and play in squadron battle , it 's best with fragile ships because you can escape long enough for an ally to come and help you if you are being chased . 
  12 monkeys . 
  no problem . 
  you should not worry about teamplay and skill level yet . 
  this is a pre-alpha , it 's all for fun , everyone is noob . 
  i spent my two or three first games mostly dying by crashing into people . 
  now i can dominate free for all in my small m50 . 
  as i have a bigger ship not flyable yet , i am able to try the hornet and could feel the fidderence . 
  that thing is heavy , and the main problem was for me aligning targets . 
  when dueling with a hornet , try and keep a feel of its orientation . 
  when you know it has you in sight and you know the burst is coming , you can simply push all speed and acceleration at a 90 \u00b0 dangle from the plane of his weapons ( basically , dive up or down ) . 
  the closer you are from the hornet , the higher your angular speed will get , and this is painful for a hornet . 
  it will try to keep you in its sight , and you can keep spining and get closer to start getting some hits . 
  i sweat bullets when soloing a hornet in m50 because he really ccan burst me in an instant , but you have to remain calm and always try and get on top or beneath it . 
  i really love flying fast ships , i have so many memories from flying interceptors piercing through a fleet of hundreads of hostiles in new eden on eve . 
  i know the scale wo n't compare in sc , but you get the same feeling of slipping between enemy fire . 
  agreed , it 's better than the first time . 
  and they even lured kuro out of his serious mindset a bit . 
  nice troll but they are n't the team being sponsored by yp . 
  mashter shingshing :(, 
  gave the link in the description http://www.twitch.tv/beyondthesummit/b/595692447?t=4h15m9s, 
  if the thread trends , it means people are interested . 
  granted , this is n't the most subtle ( who said smartest ? ), 
  content you can find on/r/dota2 but it seems people care enough . 
  it was vg vs eg . 
  i do n't think you can say `` i am not paying for it therefore my appreciation of it does n't matter '' . 
  we are representing something of value for all the broadcasters , even if we watch on twitch for free . 
  we do n't pay them , but they still get an amount of money as a function of how many peole watch their free stream thanks to adds and sponsors . 
  this also why broadcasters have put so much effort not only on tickets but on free broadcasting via twitch . 
  it 's not a service that they are graciously delivering to us eventhough i 'm grateful that twitch is free . 
  they get something in exchange for our viewership , and that 's why people have expectations in return . 
  eve online is great at solving this scale problem i think .
