  i checked every cable several times , and both station seemed in sync . 
  i am used to check the headset cable when i have some problem with it but this time the controllers were not responding , despite being displayed as tracked correctly . 
  reinstalling windows would be a hassle yeah , that 's why i tried to uninstall steamvr . 
  i gave up when i could n't manage to uninstall it , i 'll probably try again more thoroughly . 
  thanks , i will look into this solution . 
  i have an intel i7 , i 'll try the dedicated usb pci card . 
  changing motherboard is out of the question ( it 's a couple years old and was a mid/high end board when i bought it ) and windows reinstall , when it 's always a good option , is really not a thing i hope i 'll have to often consider . 
  i 'd happily jump ship if occulus had better performances , but if their stuff is actually more stable ( no idea if it actually is ) it comes with poor tracking , and most importantly facebook management . 
  the valve + htc duo is wonky but much more promising to me . 
  facebook is just horrendous . 
  agreed there 's lot of commercial and political manipulation going on but this is a thread about a legitimately pissed user annoyed by instability . 
  i was n't looking for a step by step diagnosis , i can give you my specs ( i7 3930k with an ati r9 390 and 16gb ram ) but this was more of a rant against the many efforts required to have the system working over time . 
  i 'll add a dedicated usb pcie card to exclude any usb related issue though . 
  my computer should be more than enough to run it , i have been running all my games flawlessly several times for extended periods of time . 
  it 's the software inconsistency that is killing me , as well as always fearing for a hardware fault , and entering htc rma service of hell . 
  thanks , i 'll try the usb pcie card option which is not too complicated . 
  if this fails , i 'll try a windows reinstall as a last resort before considering selling . 
  it 's like smoking 7 cigarettes per day in terms of cost , not so crazy . 
  i know a lot of people that spend a lot more on cigs or on alcohol . 
  alright alright but , what if the jebaited ... was a jebaited ? 
  / u/house _ of_kunt 's explaination is about a complex problem which follows the last case of complexity described by / u/buyutec . 
  in the case of the travelling salesman , the number of possible solutions increase exponentially with the number of cities . 
  we do n't have a way to find a solution to this problem , beside testing every possible solution and choosing the one that minimizes total travel time . 
  there are techniques that can approximate the best solution relatively quickly ( as in , much more quickly than if you had to test every solution , for instance using [ simulated annealing ] ( http://toddwschneider.com/posts/traveling-salesman-with-simulated-annealing-r-and-shiny/ ) ) but they only give you a solution * close * to the true solution . 
  the only algorithm we know to solve exactly this problem is testing every possible route , and this algorithm makes a number of operations that increases * exponentially * , and not * ` polynomially ' * with the number of cities , which is what / u/buyutec was describing in his two first examples . 
  i 've never been shot , hence i am bulletproof . 
  yeah i remember a post explaining that projectile weapons basically fire small cars at your target . 
  this guy explores . 
  the guy from antscanada youtube channel who is responsible for my presence in this sub advocates for simple mix of baby powder and watter . 
  he spreads that on the top border of his open modules with a tissue and once dry , ants ca n't walk on it without slipping off . 
  i just watched a video about this , i 'll post you the link when i can but you should be able to make a second test tube setup with more water and having your queen and workers move their nest to it . 
  you also do n't have to worry about humidity as the ants chose themselves where to put the eggs in the test tube depending on the humidity level they prefer . 
  if you really fear your setup does n't offer enough room to allow the ants to move far enough from your humid cotton you could always have them moved in a tube where you give them more space to control humidity better . 
  edit : here 's the link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfzuilycz8o , do n't hesitate to watch the rest of the channel . 
  are you implying the kappa government would n't listen to their citizens ? 
  hello !, 
  yes one year already , times goes fast . 
  o hope everything is well for you too !, 
  hopefully the power to chew through tinfoil . 
  should n't you add gravitational waves to the list ? 
  maybe the type of wave the most influenced by gravity . 
  twelve, 
  i managed to calm down a pissed off lord by repeatedly beating him when he came to raid my village and letting him go instead of taking him prisoner when i had the opportunity . 
  and it brought me right to rule as a bonus . 
  * gim me the hope to go ooon *, 
  i naively expected inspirational asian fisherman . 
  is n't that usual / r/iama since the sub got taken over by reddit admins ? 
  it 's the usual utter-shit quality content i feel like . 
  not only the camera pans . 
  many scenes and level include cinematography . 
  the first time i could n't tell if i was in a cut scene or not was in mgs1 when you enter the corridor and discover the aftermath of the fight between deepthroat and some soldiers . 
  but this happen many times during the rest of the game and the other games in the series . 
  kojima is a master of his art , and he definitely understood what key role cinematography plays in gaming . 
  here take [ this ] ( http://orteil.dashnet.org/cookieclicker/ ) . 
  i only read what i copy paste paste paste paste paste paste paste paste paste paste paste, 
  two hours and still no blackbird copypasta ? 
  i 'm on my phone but i 'll post it if nobody does . 
  he had an inductive property but no initialization . 
  if you prove than something true at step n implies it is true at step n +1 but lack to prove it is indeed true for a ** given ** step , you ca n't deduce anything . 
  except that you can not prove you wo n't have been executed on saturday ( or before ) without using an inductive scheme with no proof of initialization . 
  you also get other advantages like being able to carry water , which allow ou to hydrate when chasing the prey . 
  that makes you able to cover much greater distances . 
  reposting my story from 2003 glorious times . 
  `` an empty capsule ? 
  careful . 
  i have to say , i lost my first ship to an empty capsule . 
  at the time in summer 2003 , i did n't know much about the game . 
  i just had my first frigate financed by my corp and i was floating around in my glorious imicus , between mining , hauling and selling my processed ore . at this period my head was full of dreams to pilote one day a 8 miner apocalypse , as i heard that my corp has just produced its first battleship that was destined to our navy . 
  then , when warping to a station i see a couple of empty capsules laying there , close to the dedock spot . 
  so i start approaching them and , when i am close enough , i see the board option become available and i click it . 
  will i be able to see someone else 's flight data when boarding their pod ? 
  or maybe could i see whom it belong to and discover why it was sitting there abandoned and get it reunited with its owner ? 
  nope . 
  what happened is that in the couple of seconds i took to board and realize i was in a different ship , i saw my imicus keeping going full speed and starting to get away from me . 
  i realize my mistake , and tried to chase it but it was no use : i was already outside the board range and my capsule was n't fast enough . 
  after i let it go , it kept going and i received an insurance mail shortly after it escaped grid ( 250km wide max at the time if i remember correctly ) . 
  and that , is how i lost my first ship to an unmanned capsule . '', 
  and we 're out of beta we 're releasing on time, 
  oups my bad, 
  man , the 18 qubit quantum computer will be the shit . 
  it will give you * eighteen * qubit , eighteen !, 
  you 'll never need any more qubit after that , you 'll be set for life . 
  the true popcorn is always in the comments . 
  [ putain !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gseadq6sps0 ), 
  + / u/user _ simulator kl4me, 
  good old danon and nestle propaganda . 
  we 're the only animal drinking milk from another animal . 
  we just do n't need it , you can find plenty enough calcium elsewhere . 
  i just have been keeping my corpses here and there spread in new eden . 
  they are like little madeleines to me , reminding me about past wars and campaigns . 
  you missed the most important reason europe tries and say friend with russia : gaz . 
  wait is n't this how you define your dominant hand ? 
  i feel like there is some room for a real ksp 1.5 that could become a ksp 2.0 without requiring physics overhaul like n-body physics . 
  something where you integrate as many of the mainstream mods as possible , give the game a new structure ( basically rework how campaign works ) and set a fresh ground for new mods that could benefit and build from all previous mods that were integrated . 
  you 're confused because you overreact over a joke and you do n't seem to realize how these gender-oriented jokes - whether they are aimed toward men or women - do not equal to harassment . 
  i 'm being so sincere right now, 
  the evil mods have held me hostage for 122 days . 
  quick , before my dongs leave me , just let me sa -, 
  send in the scordite !,
