  i think using this analogy misses the point and shows a lack of common sense from the author , even if the rest of what he writes is perfectly valid . 
  definitely . 
  i never heard about it before a friend showed me one or two videos and told me to get it . 
  i 'm hooked for life . 
  if you like fps , rts and teamplay , look no further . 
  i suggest you improve your learning skills and realize i never said i felt insulted , 
  care to explain to non americans ? 
  some price are higher when you use incognito mode ( happened twice when checking plane tickets price ) so check both . 
  you might want to take a look at cyrano de bergerac then . 
  i think you need senju cell . 
  haha yes sorry !, 
  i actually forgot someone else could have senju cells without having hashirama cells , 
  even if you were sure about what you were doing , it must have been so comforting to see that you are not alone . 
  it takes guts to do that in the middle of the office and letting everyone know . 
  i figure you had no idea that these people were in the same situation as you . 
  did you try to mention this problem to someone over your boss ? 
  maybe someone is more interested in keeping good elements like you than your boss . 
  the penis skin contains more pigment to protect it better from sun . 
  avoiding sunburn in that location must have been pretty high in the requirement to survive natural selection . 
  you make a point talking about `` national level '' . 
  this issue is handled quite differently depending on the country and the culture that comes with it . 
  in europe there is much less acceptance of being overweight as a way of life than as a condition that can and should be treated . 
  this is why he brought sasuke to the hokage . 
  if he can learn through him , he will . 
  he reminds me a lot of doctor nova un gunm , sometimes . 
  it 's back !, 
  i actually have 3 friends to play with , but when we are 4 in the same party and in close communication on teamspeak , we still often have dead weight as 5th player ( but of course it is less likely and in average the game are significantly better ) . 
  so the matchmaking is actually useless ? 
  i do n't know what ap , arand cm mean , but i think i got your point . 
  my win/loss ratio highly depends on if i 'm playing alone or not . 
  alone , i would say 30 % ( and it is never close , i.e. 
  complete failure before 30 minute where half of my teams runs everywhere feeding and not coordinating , or completely destroying the ennemi team because teammates talk and react to each other ) , where more than 95 % of the losses are due to total lack of team coordination . 
  when playing with the friends it must be at 60-65 % , so fairly acceptable . 
  a good percentage of losses is due to ennemies better than us , which allow to learn from their better skills and team play . 
  i do n't play dota only to win , but i get absolutely no fun when i see the ennemi starting being fed from the 5 min mark . 
  then 10 minutes later i get my ass raped by heros that are 3-4 levels higher than me . 
  i do personnally get better , and this is why this thing is frustrating to me . 
  very often i see games that finish under 30 min with 2 or 3 allies with 12-15 death , and myself with a kill/ratio comparable to the ennemi team . 
  it has been a week since i have improved a lot and saw nothing but potentially good games ruined by the lack of team reactivity . 
  in particular , i feel like i can no longer improve because of too poor team play . 
  i will take a look , thanks for that , 
  it is the key , actually . 
  we even won with a only russian speaking 5th player because he listen to the minimap and had a good map awareness . 
  do you know if joining as a party of 5 will make you meet other parties of 5 ? 
  so if i keep my personnal stats high , like k + a/death ratio , buying good support items , etc , i will get a better match making even if i keep losing ? 
  that 's good news !, 
  i need a reason to keep focus and do my best when the rest of the team falls completely apart . 
  then i play all pick usually , but i feel like i could play random . 
  capitain 's mode seems indeed like a much more serious configuration . 
  i have absolutely nothing against the randomness of the matchmaking . 
  i understand that you have good and bad games . 
  my main grief is that games are very long , and you get heavily punished for abandoning a game , which extremely often are decided in the first 15 minutes . 
  i 'm not sure you will get anything from what i said with such a quote with no context . 
  i explain that even if i see that the game iseem lost i try to keep and play seriously with teammates as long as possible . 
  tell me your secret !, 
  did you sacrifice anything to the gods of match making ? 
  this might become my new strategy when i play without friends . 
  try to be the heavy carry that will compensate a weak team in late game . 
  the problem is when games end in 30 min ^ ^ ', 
  i 'm not sure to understand what you mean . 
  console players will learn what pc gamers learned ten years ago : to mute/ignore undesirable people . 
  the libor fraud scandale . 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/320/ ), 
  forgive my noobness , but why are you so sarcastic about rapier being good to get ? 
  i just got raped by a skeleton king that was very happy with 5 level more than our best hero and his rapier ^ ^, 
  but i understand the all in aspect of the rapier , i always forgot that it is not linked to you when you buy it . 
  so the rapier can always be picked up by anyone ? 
  can anyone destroy it then , eventually to deny it ? 
  yes as soon as i almost got one-shot by dear skeleton king , i realized something was fishy , told my team , and they said that the game would now end depending on who gets to keep the rapier . 
  when it is dropped by the team that bought it , picked up by opposite team , then dropped again , can the team that initially bought it take it back ? 
  yep i can see that . 
  the only time i saw it used was when the ennemi team ( who bought it ) was way ahead , and skeleton king was carrying it . 
  i do n't think there are many ways to recover from a rapier loss . 
  maybe ... buying two rapiers ? 
  yes , and your dead equipage members ( in this case , all of them ) do n't get exp . 
  you just ca n't generalize like this using just a poor article and some weak statistical study on a subreddit . 
  on the contrary , mezcao has modern neuroscience to back him up . 
  the brain does get used to stimulus . 
  not fapping a week has very little to do with repressing any sexual thought for an unlimited period of time , and definitely make it much more rewarding . 
  yes i have only 50 hours ingame and did n't play any moba before so my experience is fairly limited . 
  i even never played a game where everyone finished lvl 25 , matchmaking is too random still and games are very often one sided . 
  i have n't watched many replays but i thought you could get to a point where everyone reaches lvl 25 approximately at the same time . 
  but definitely in the average game you barely reach one or two lvl 25 . 
  i hope this is due to video recording and not the original source . 
  i could barely follow anything \\ ^ ^, 
  i 've seen lots of them while playing hots beta and watching replays . 
  it is now pretty common to see a piece of stalker fall down a ramp , or half a roach falling from the side of a building . 
  i think yes !, 
  they will probably be deployed on wol once hots is out . 
  if you check any replay from husky or day9 , who both cast a lot of hots , you 'll see a lot of these as soon as midgame battles kick in . 
  i think my favorite is when a siege tank blasts through a pile of zerg units :d, 
  it 's pretty much what happened to me the 3-4 first years of learning guitar . 
  i ca n't live without it now . 
  i feel so sorry for you . 
  your cat felt it coming more than you did . 
  when their end gets close , they slow down and get more isolated . 
  you might have saved him a stressful trip to the vet . 
  anyways , he got the best a cat could hope for : a loving human . 
  when my dad put my cat in the bag after she passed away , he cracked a tear .
