le perfectly drawn towel is a lie . 
  at least those are n't zelda oot chickens . 
  the villagers did n't mind you hit their chickens , but the chickens would r4pe your arse themselve instead : -0, 
  i do n't see why . 
  he just removed the hard choice of chosing the lane you queue . 
  think about all the people he brought peace to doing that . 
  plus he 's doing it at kfc . 
  it 's like making heaven even more peacefull . 
  he ca n't be a dick . 
  practice , young padawan . 
  and some day , you will master the art of rage comics and will even draw them in your sleep . 
  upvote for epic s l jackson . 
  or could be vasovagal response . 
  anyway good job on the targeting . 
  well you 're lucky , my cat tends to act cutely and all when i 'm alone but becomes a fearful badass felin when i have guests . 
  this is science . 
  you guys are doing fucking science . 
  props to you . 
  upvote for genkidama on ignorant girlfriend . 
  this is why i gave my upvote . 
  because gobble gobble . 
  hey father husky ,, 
  from a non-us point of view , which means i may not understand the american professional world as well as you do , i am sure that bringing this story to the media and public place will be an efficient way to solve this problem . 
  it is very hard to fight something else in addition of cancer , but this is something good friends and family can handle for your friend . 
  you have all my personal support . 
  alzheimer is the disease of modern times , now that people get old enough for such pathology to appear . 
  i feel very sorry for your mom and you , but as it has been said keep visiting her . 
  i am sure that somewhere inside her she recognizes her son . 
  upvote for simple truth . 
  or put it under her head directly , works too . 
  upvote for final fantasy epic train mission reference . 
  you made the right choice . 
  the girl timeline is brilliant . 
  check this out : http://www.amazon.fr/sennheiser-hd212-casque-hifi-ferm%c3%a9/dp/b0000yvgwm, 
  this is not the bets sound quality of all time , but this headphone will last forever . 
  i have had an older model for 10 years now , works perfectly . 
  the secret lies in the facts that the cable is replacable , the ear cups are detachable , what means you ca n't break them . 
  and all parts are available online for replacement : leather parts , cable , and the plastic arc . 
  with this , you can go outside ( it is light as a fart and stays in place perfectly ) , under the rain , on a plane , put it in your luggage without fearing it to break . 
  hail to sennheiser and their awesome products !, 
  upvote for reference to the best game of its kind ever . 
  in fench we call that `` the little jew hit '' . 
  i think - without bein rqcist - thqt it fits well . 
  edit : whqt the fqck is zrong zith my keyboqrd d :, 
  what an unexpected way of having fun with a kid in the bathroom . 
  do n't feel shy for not knowing a mathematical tool . 
  this is a vaste world and you will necessarily miss some things , even wel spread tools like the fourier transform . 
  do n't worry tho , the ft is very well known and explained in many books . 
  i could n't give you any recommandation in english but there must be at least twice more texts about it than in my language . 
  when i go home , i just slightly open my house door and i let my cat finish opening it for me , purring for food . 
  this is at least a third of my pleasure of having her , even if that pleasure is infinite !, 
  i ca n't go see anybody right now , i 'm crying ;'(, 
  you multiplyed by 3 my reading pace on reddit . 
  this should be on the front page . 
  french speaking here o7, 
  as it has been said here the white band is thiner on the flag that goes behind the president during tv footage just to display correctly the three colors . 
  all other flags i 've seen ( we have much less than in the us , but still got one on every school , official buildings etc ) have equally proportioned strips . 
  for the european flag , it has been there for a while and is not related to the recent eu presidency of sarkozy . 
  you want more of her ? 
  as long as you did n't take any action , the problem is in your thoughts and not your behavior . 
  this is a very important difference , from a juridical and therapeutical point of view . 
  as a psychatrist 's son i have heard about a lot of different cases of nevrotic , perverted or psychotic people , but also about the science itself , how one can hope to deal with somebody 's subconscious and help them to solve irrational and deep trouble like yours . 
  i am pretty sure that sexually desiring kids is not illegal . 
  do n't get me wrong , a psy-doctor will have to tell the cops if you tell him : i am going to try and have sex with children . 
  but if you understand something is wrong and you show to have put some distance between your actions and your desire , then i think psycho-therapy is something that could help you go through it . 
  psycho-therapy does not aim at repairing the knots you might have in your subconscious , but rather help you identify those knots , see how they are made , and how they affect the rest of your subconscious and conscious thoughts . 
  i have experienced it myself and it is a very odd - yet powerful - way to consider an `` illness '' . 
  the idea behind this is that people can actualy manage to live normal live even with big dirty and dark knots in their subconscious if they know enough about those knots . 
  and once again , it does not consist in someone telling you : `` you like kids because blablah '' . 
  it is a very personal and internal thought process that makes you understand yourself at another level . 
  i actually just call my mother ( she 's the psychiatrist ) to make sure of this thing : in my country at least , but i am pretty sure the legislation is similar elsewhere , the patient - doctor confidentiality is preserved if nobody is in danger . 
  and as i said , you did n't take action and you are not explicitely planing on taking some on a precise kid . 
  i strongly recommend you talk to a psychotherapist , i honestly think it might save your life . 
  edit : my copy/paste suddenly got skyzophrenic and messed up everything d :, 
  oh hey klm44 , nice to meet you , 
  i have two :, 
  simcity 2000 mac cheat code , to get 10k $ : porntipsguzzardo then repeat ardo ardo ardo ... 
  turok 2 n64 : bewareoblivionisathand , unlocks all cheat codes !, 
  * only the good die yooouuuunnnng ... *, 
  come on dude , do n't protest against it if you do n't know how to recognize a jew star from the more classic one !, 
  the magen david ( jew star ) has six branchs , this one has five . 
  i mean come on ... this is the super mario star ... who would confuse it with any other star ? 
  i 'm a straight man but i can say this with no shame : that duck face is damn sexy !, 
  i lost my 13 yr old kitty yesterday too , from lung cancer . 
  i am sure you gave her all the love she needed , so i give a little bit of love to you who lost such a special friend . 
  \u00d4f course it is , but this punch line is brilliant . 
  one does not simply do n't cum . 
  but this includes also tasteless drinking and smoking d :, 
  so that 's why tobi always cover his left eye !, 
  you can buy and download worm 's on 360 and ps3 networks . 
  it is probably the game we 've spent our best moments while playing on ps3 with my friends !, 
   when the bees detect the pheromone left by the first hornet , they attack that hornet in a special way . 
  they form a huge ball of bees that completely engulfs the much larger hornet . 
  [ see the photo at the left ], 
   by vibrating their muscles , the bees raise the temperature inside this ball to close to 47 \u00b0 c , a temperature which the bees can survive , but the hornet ca n't . 
  the high temperature inside the bee ball kills the hornet . 
  not sure if good news , or worse news . 
  i 'm not sure this one would be my first one , it is close to the intro riff of whole lotta love , but let say my top 10 riffs are mostly from the zeppelin . 
  i totally agree . 
  i am an atheist , and i have absolutely no interest in browsing / r/atheism .
