  null space ( outside npc-governed regions ) is full of empty systems ( with just a star and orbital bodies like planets , moons and asteroid belts but no station nor player owned element ) , but they way the game deals with travel , scouting and taking fights makes them a part of the puzzle . 
  incredible battles have taken place in random systems . 
  the game gradually introduced elements that allowed fleet projection and industrial mechanics , from the way people were exploring and interacting together and with the map on small scale . 
  these mechanics grew into something that offers an incredibly complex gameplay that allows endless different approaches at many levels . 
  the main problem i remember in my 8 years is server capacity , because the game was so good at bringing people to fight together ( and also of course because people knew that number was always a factor ) . 
  but even if most of the interactions happen in a limited number of places , all the random empty system can at any time enter new eden history . 
  i am joining sc as a [ [ frog ] ] ( https://robertsspaceindustries.com/orgs/frog ) member , whith some i met in 2003 when i was taking my first steps in new eden . 
  you mean pie is a piece of piece ? 
  if sugar makes caramel when you melt , it , what does that make ? 
  i upgraded my 300i to an m50 and i love it . 
  like you , i was always surprised by the response and got close to black and red out pretty quickly . 
  once i got the beast better in my hands , i became able to fly through battle with little worry of getting shot down by these slow hornets or the weaker 300s . 
  then one day , i met another m50 and we engaged each other . 
  it was madness . 
  singsing has no problem alterning between penis jokes and very precise analysis . 
  but he does n't seem to enjoy the coach casting so much , both at the summit and at the euhub . 
  when he talks on his stream when he watches or comment other pro games you hear good casting because , as it was said several times , he is extremely try hard and always has a reasoning for what he and the other are doing . 
  that 'll teach op being a smartass at ruining everybody 's wishes . 
  now find a guy who can imitate plane engine . 
  yup , it 's not something to take lightly . 
  i got you covered though https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtwfqi3-3qu, 
  well , from an international point of view , it really brings shame on the us . 
  the whole ` collective sense of pride ' works internally , but internationnally it looks like any generic patriotism . 
  it 's not good or bad in itself , but it 's definitely not enough for the us not to appear deeply stained as a nation . 
  i know reddit is majoritarily american , but you ca n't think only internally when talking about war crimes . 
  knowing implicitely is one thing , having an official commission that gives many details in a report published worldwide is another . 
  the us now have to treat this as a war crime matter . 
   why would i try to stand up to a government that does what it wants to do, 
  you are responsible , as a people , of your country . 
  you will suffer the consequences of its international politics . 
  think about how the russian people are suffering from the sanctions taken against its leader . 
  i 'm not saying : you did bad as a people , just giving you example of how it should matter for you . 
   also , the us is not the only government doing this , why not `` shame '' the world . 
  what about isis beheading journalist ? 
  as far as i know , isis is being attacked by many countries and depicted as bloodthirsty murderers that do n't have anything good to bring to the region they occupy . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to justify your country 's behavior by saying `` isis did worse '' . 
   something in which you have no control over, 
  same here , it does n't make much sense . 
  you elect your leaders . 
  of course you do n't have direct control on them , but saying you have none is borderline childish , negating all the election system just because you do n't have full control . 
  good luck teaching monkeys to play the guitare . 
  i pay 20 $ for 1 gbps/200 mbps ( france ) . 
  the situation in the us is outragious . 
  edit : my plan is 45 $ / m for unlimited fiber internet + unlimited cell phone national and for a couple dozain destinations, 
  / r/goats to replace / r/cats ? 
  you think sc2 is a mess ? 
  hots is a pay to win , grinding game , as random as mario kart and as repetitive as pacman . 
  nothing strategically matters during a game , you have a handful of actions available ( like , most heroes can be play with 4 action , 5 if you include tp to base ) , and they even found a way to have several talents ( customization of your spells that you pick every x levels , which usually offer 2 build that make sense per character , majoritarily passive ) identical among hero of the same type ( like , initiators can pick the talents to get mana for each auto attack , many tanks can pick a talent similar to the roshan aegis that recharges regularly , etc ) . 
  they bloated the game with regen every where and in general you can cast your three first spells something like 3 or 4 time at lvl 1 without any mana problem . 
  i 've played maybe 80 games and still am grinding to unlock talents because you have to grind before you can choose among all the talents available ( each x level you can pick among 2 when you start with a hero , and after 3 or 4 games you have all talents available ) for the 6 heroes that are currently free and change each week . 
  the heroes are outrageously expensive , and i have gathered enough to buy one so far . 
  it is impossible to learn the game properly because a whole month can pass without me being able to try a specific hero . 
  of course a 20 min game where you have the equivalent of 4 or 5 tower advantage , kill score is 20-5 in your favor , and you have say 2.5 level advantage ( which is huge , you usually win with less than a difference of a level ) , can be evened up if the enemy team get something like 3 or 4 kills . 
  this games is empty , and seems to only aim at making you spend your money to skip boring grinding . 
  ** you ca n't even select anything except your hero ** . 
  you cant ' check anyones exact hp , i do n't even know how neutrals and lane creeps scale with time . 
  it feels like a cheap pay to win mobile app really . 
  i have gathered enough to unlock one hero and i am already bored of the game . 
  the game really feels like a pay to win mobile app . 
  i have barely gathered enough to unlock one hero , and i am already bored . 
  it makes no ense to have to wait weeks before being able to try a hero . 
  it 's impossible to learn the game if you ca n't play them yourself . 
  we need moduler pents with hengers . 
  people will still find a way to shoot vertically . 
  a nice exploration ship like a freelancer dur . 
  shut the fuck up tocker, 
  once you get an access , do you keep it for upcoming test sessions ? 
  or can you access the ptu anytime ? 
  ~ ~ solution : buy and deploy courier before buying anything else . 
  if this happens , buy quelling , free it and resell quelling quickly . ~ ~, 
  i agree with what you imply - that is his isp is to blame here . 
  but again , i see no reason why we do n't have proper menus in dota 2 and have to deal with this horribly laggy pseudo-web interface . 
  we do n't * always * need uproars , some things do work at first try . 
  i say it 's inherent to the system valve built where user input is core . 
  of course you should expect people to actually want to be able to put their recently purchased items in gift wraps , but again , we usually have our input taken into accounts . 
  it would make no sense for valve to allow people to disable cosmetic content . 
  icons ( of any kind , abilities , etc ) should remain unmodified to keep the game clear . 
  i 'd pick them at random . 
  i do n't like unlucky people . 
  u can build null talis, 
  that 's how i learned starcraft ii , which was my first real competitive online game . 
  `` damn 6 pool is op , imma doi it '' . 
  `` well i was right , i 'm owning '' . 
  `` ah , i got countered by a 2 gates proxy '' . 
  `` oh well , my 6 pooling never works anymore , i 'm getting 2 gates proxy 'd all the time '' . 
  `` damn 2 gates proxy is op , imma do it '' . 
  close your base , build three zealots at proxy gates , win . 
  i mean , that 's the way i approached the game early in the beta days . 
  i progressively transitioned from cheese that look impressive to the beginning player that i was to more complex and robust openings , each time learning what i was losing to . 
  dude relax this is n't / r/wtf . 
  he has the sexiest case of bitch resting face . 
  it literally means `` to god '' , like '' see you in heaven '' . 
  [ really ? 
  i just want to add that you should send your first order for the illusions to move to the furthest point of all the destinations you want to send an illusion to , if they are roughly all in the same direction from where you created the illusions . 
  this means that during the time you take to shift click them and give the next orders , they all keep moving , and ideally will arrive more at the same time at their destinations . 
  i personally use the `` select all other units '' keybind , like / u/seldomo said . 
  sorry but i do n't have this , i am more of the type of `` hey you are fighting , why not put your camera in the opposite corner of the map ? '', 
  glitch . 
  i wonder if op 's phone did n't simply put the picture as vertical when op was taking it horizontally . 
  i found this lurking for information on how to invert yaw/pitch and learn more about my new joystick .
