  i 'm just saying that it is not what it was presented as , it is not someone telling his story at all . 
  it 's something that illustrates whan men go through , but it 's not a personal experience . 
  why are people downvoting me giving this information , whle upvoting someone asking if this is acted or not ? 
  i wanted to convey rigorously and only what i said : this is not a real story and the guy is an actor . 
  it 's not someone telling about what he experienced , that 's all . 
  i did n't comment on the content of the message of the video . 
  yeah , i 'm 8 minutes in and it 's fairly interesting . 
  we heavily consume dota 2 videos and hearing the video makers point of view of these features is interesting , and all are not exclusive to video makers . 
  i found the practice lobby pretty crappy myself for instance ( can not levelup enemy heroes independently , tedious way to give bots items , etc ) . 
  i think you missed the point of this video . 
  nigma 's message is not `` right now , filmmakers have to use google ! '', 
  at all . 
  it is rather `` if you want to use movie function in dota 2 , you need external documentation/it is impossible in dota 2 , while in hon everything is integrated in the game interface '' , which he gave very explicite proof of . 
  also , the video is likely targeted at players , that would afterward express demand to valve , rather than directly targeted to valve . 
  nigma actually directs the video toward us from the beginning . 
  finally , you ca n't say that nigma does n't respect valve time when he produce for free a list of suggestions that he thinks will improve the game . 
  i 'm not sure to understand you , are you saying that developers wo n't be sensitive to the request `` we do n't want to have to go and look for external documentation '' because the developers themselves have to do it as part of their job ? 
  i ca n't find any ways where it could make sense . 
  when you use the product of someone 's work , it is in a huge majority of case to avoid troubles that come with the making of the product . 
  so yeah , developers are supposed to go look for external resources , then integrate them in their product so that users do n't have to do the same . 
  nigma pls ti2 just ended can you give valve a break ? 
  there is not an inch of proof of what you advance regarding the success of dota 2 ofer hon. 
  nigma never even mentioned valve developer 's schedule , you are imagining things . 
  your reasoning on the developers part make you look like you have no idea what it means to make a commercial product . 
  quoting palish :, 
   what developers do n't care about is laziness . 
  if it works , but it 's difficult to find , it still works . 
  the fact that people have to use google to discover it is n't a problem, 
  he has no idea what he is talking about i feel like . 
  it 's like ergonomy does n't exist to him . 
  my main problem is that palish is disregarding any ergonomy question with this sort of comment . 
  of course it 's all a question of balance , and you are not going to make the ui disableable if you have core functions that still need development that are higher on your todo list . 
  but it makes no sense to refute any request for an increase in the ergonomy of the game when it 's being played for 10m dollars ( as in , it is already a very well accomplished product with an extremely solid core ) . 
  removing the ui is indeed extremely basic , much more than the locked on heroes free cam that they added relatively recently ( and which is actually still fairly basic ) . 
  for those who have time , take a look at this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=td_pgkfidiq, 
  gabe explains how he sees the economical model behind steam , in particular with dota 2 from which he tries to build a horizontal network between pro players , tournaments organizers , sponsors , and viewers/casual players . 
  he wants to make steam a way to connect people that produce and consume content in a much fairer way than traditional plateforms . 
  it seems to be a very successful approach . 
  fuck i missed it , ^ ^ late happy birthday sheever, 
  it starts off well : `` i found this carry hero called wisp '' . 
  20 minutes after buying basher on sandking : `` man it 's impossible , you need some kind of item to relocate you on top of their team to land your combo . 
  why the fuck did i buy a basher , fuckin sucks '', 
  it 's fucking great . 
  i was in all pick non ranked , randoming huskar , and this sniper in my team starts with his `` i russian cyka top lane '' , and we ended up yelling `` what a disaster \u4e41 ( \u25d4 \u0c6a \u25d4 ) \u310foh mah gawwd\u4e41 ( \u25d4 \u0c6a \u25d4 ) \u310f and ez katka '' and flaming each other in a very friendly manner . 
  the whole [ game ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/822674825 ) was chill and really goofy , but we did n't hold up to flame each other without being cunts either . 
  this should be at the top , everything is fine once you put the useless download on hold . 
  you can install the steam beta perfectly fine , just pause the dota 2 doanload after the update has happened once . 
  your game will be up to date , and you wo n't get any problem with a laggy steam ui either . 
  bloodstone allows your ult to remain while you suicide and respawn , and refresher allows to ult again yes . 
  i ca n't stand this . 
  you pay a lot of money for a broken game , but it 's ok because `` they will fix brew split bug '' . 
  no care at all for the competitive finding match price minigame scene and all the actors involved in it . 
  are we battle ? 
  omg dude i was attempt . 
  if you do n't have a very good way to disable him , ursa is really the most terrifying hero when he turns towards you in melee range and starts mauling . 
  the thing is litteraly a bear . 
  i would n't say probably , but it might definitely be a factor . 
  xboct said he did n't like to speak english , and i remember it was related to their team communication . 
  do n't forget we 're on [ top of the mmr chart ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/13cxs4/til_that_the_french_military_actually_has_the/ ) in eu . 
  as a batrider player , i make this decision even easier by pooping napalm all over them . 
  `` no time to waste moving with slow turn rate , firefly is overrated anyways . '', 
  some spiders can eat their web if they did n't catch anything and get a part of what she used to build it back . 
  so maybe just mana regen ? 
  can anyone explain to a new players what exactly happened ? 
  new player here , please explain me what are those legendary items ? 
  she must have traded them in exchange of the physical integrity of her boobs . 
  have you seen how those things disrupt space-time , dilating and contracting ? 
  from my years spent in eve online 's new eden , i 've learnt that `` patch day , no play '' was pretty much appliable to any major online game . 
  even where there is no market , major patches always come with their lot of unexpected bugs that require a hotfix . 
  yeah , he 's teaching them important stuff . 
  what does little league exactly represent for young american kids ? 
  i 'd also be a bit distracted if it was my birthday , give her a break . 
  i 'd be curious to know how you could interpret my genuine question negatively . 
  dude i do n't know about you but i was already climbing walls at 4 . 
  well no , i 'm from europe . 
  we only get to see what they show in movies about sport leagues and school , and i wanted to have more insight on what it means from personal point of views . 
  i have no clue ( well , i have more now that i read some answers ) about how you go through this as a kid . 
  i was n't sarcastic by any means . 
  i know we are n't a majority but for non american some part of your social life is completely biased by the way it is depicted in movies and tv shows and it 's always interesting to see how the real life stuff is . 
  tude they see me . 
  how happy are you when an obscure problem you encounter is acutally a known issue with a fix already available ? 
  yeah well the series started in 1987 on nes . 
  my guess is , you should google in order to have at least general information about ff15 before asking specific questions . 
  well it seems bizare because almost no series of game allows you to continue from a previous opus save file ( i 've only heard about mass effet actually allowing you this ) , and it seems even less thinkable about a series of more than 14 games . 
  it 's not hard to provide the information , but we point at a tool which is just much more adapted when you have no idea about what the series is . 
  and really , virtually no series of game allows you to do what op asks about . 
  if i remember correctly it was a 5 blink linup including a furion . 
  this might be the video that makes me the most reliably laugh on the internet , with the bill dance 's bloopers video . 
  i do n't get it . 
  maybe it 's something related to something that happens late in the storyline , or in lvl 50 side quests ? 
  i 'm still not 50 on my main , so i do n't know a lot !, 
  oh ok yeah , i remember someone mentioning this in the storyline . 
  thanks for keeping your comment spoiler free . 
  starts now http://www.twitch.tv/joindotared, 
  as a young bkm with my main not yet 50 after one or two dungeons i understood i had to keep my sleep and heal at the ready to help when aggro slips away from the tank . 
  it saved the party several time since . 
  yeah , i can now stream 720p with no problem while 360p is barely watchable on seemeplay.ru . 
  why is there such a tremendous difference in quality ? 
  edit : eh , in the end even 360p is still laging . 
  he 's the reason why a good portion of sing 's game can be salvaged .
