  do these build orders , and only that . 
  practice them to the point where you anticipate the timings and you understand how they work . 
  having a stable economy , knowing what you should build next and not letting money sleep is the first step , you can not skip that . 
  and actually , it will be enough to progress for a little while at least . 
  what comes to my mind for the 3 standards bo would be :, 
  - 3 gates robo against terran . 
  this is simple , agressive , straightforward, 
  - 4 gates against protoss . 
  yes it is all in ( which means it is very hard to recover if it fails ) and players have, 
  learned how to deal with it , but not players from smaller leagues, 
  - forge expand against zerg . 
  it has been a while since i did n't play in small leagues and i know that people tend to be much more cheesy ( they do ballsy and agressive bo and try to end the game very quickly ) . 
  if you get 6 pool 'd too often , you can also use the 4 gates against a non-expanding zerg, 
  the bo i listed are not the `` best '' bo , they are just strong standards that are easy to master . 
  few months ago , a player showed how he got to diamond league juste with macro and going mass stalkers 100 % of the time . 
  he only authorized himself to micro his units to defend inside his base , the reste being juste simple attack move in direction of the ennemi base . 
  this is not what you should do but this should motivate you about working on your macro . 
  i think you can reach gold league just doing this . 
  you might lose games of course because sometimes your bo will be hard counter , but in average you will progress in leagues . 
  it takes some time for the ladder system to upgrade you but keep playing . 
  if you win more , you will meet better player even if you do n't change league right away . 
  something also really nice is to watch pro gamers commentated by guys like husky or day9 . 
  this is a very different way to enjoy the game but i love doing it on a regular basis . 
  are you sure for the mission : impossible theme ? 
  i ca n't check because my connexion does not allow youtube or deezer , but when i sing it in my head i count 4/4 . 
  you are right , i understood that learning the two chords that respectively fill the 3/4 and 2/4 bar . 
  i felt so dumb when i realized it !, 
  i was like `` hey , it is in 5/4 !! 1 !, 
  it 's funny because the song is called take five , what a coincidence '' . 
  that 's actually the reason why nuts are not at the same height : to allow to run fast without crushing them into peanut butter . 
  edit : funexplosions showed me the path of nuts, 
  agreed !, 
  does n't it deserve its own subreddit ? 
  oh this is totally possible , i have to say i think i am a bit young to remember the original one , or at least i 've heard the cruise 's theme much more . 
  i will listen to it as soon as i 'll be out of china , 
  edit : i am in currently in china which makes google very hard to use , thus no source . 
  i searched , a lot . 
  i ca n't find a link right now but a computer science ( or programming ? ), 
  department in a big american university actually studied the bugs in fallout 3 and wrote down everything badly coded . 
  there was so much stuff . 
  oh my god . 
  people went back in time to satisfy my suggestion in advance . 
  i will , thank you !!, 
  there is also disco trip from paul gilbert but it is much less subtle in my opinion . 
  there is also fives , from lee ritenour which is nice . 
  but i have no 7/4 song that comes to my mind so this would be totally new to me !, 
  as a mathematician that also plays music i just love breaking rhytmic conventions . 
  3 gates is balanced so you could defend , or pressure a bit , while following up with something . 
  i feel like it is not enough to win the game as it is . 
  you need to expand ( 3 gates expand must be my prefered toss opening , because it is very flexible . 
  once your expand is up , you can get a robo and 3 gates , or just 4 gates and try a very punchy timing attack ) or get a tech that would bring you a significant advantage . 
  so you can go 3 gates dts if you want to try and win quickly ( can be interesting against a double expanding zerg for instance , but i would rather go for 2 gates + stargate to counter this ) , or get blink stalkers . 
  but pure 3 gates is too middle of the road for me . 
  if you are used to the 3 gates opening i recommand you take a shot with the 4 gates . 
  it is much more agressive but very fun to play . 
  you basically warp unit non stop until your opponent or yourself collapse . 
  it is a bit old fashion once again but very fun to play and definitely viable as a strategy for low or moderate leagues i would say . 
  i had a very bitter-sweet feeling when i played it , because of this . 
  but the study i read about all the bugs found out by the student class was very helpfull and allowed me to get rid at least of 90 % of the crash-to-desktop crashes . 
  i was too deep into the story to give up !, 
  it 's too bad i ca n't find it . 
  i have been looking for it since i mentioned it in this thread but impossible to find it . 
  there 's just too much webpages about fallout 3 bugs d :, 
  i remember for instance that i uninstall a version of . net framework and installing another one . 
  it was something i never had to do before to fix a bug in a game . 
  well , i am in china right now and browsing the web is not as easy as usual ( for instance i simply can not access the link you gave ) . 
  for your information , i have been looking for the link since i mentioned it one hour ago . 
  i tried many many set of key words with no success , partially due to the huge amount of web pages about fallout bugs and very well docu , ented wikis on fallout that eat up first results . 
  i later gave example of the kind of bug that were decrypted in the study . 
  but i remember clearly that it was a class of students and the level of computer science that was dealt with was definitely a post-bachelor level ( sorry if this is inaccurate school vocabulary , not american so not sure if this is the correct term ) . 
  if it had been easy to find my source i would have done it . 
  i am sorry but this is the best i can do for now , i did this several years ago . 
  i even thought about asking / r/fallout3 but there is less than 100 readers so i doubt my request would be answered . 
  and above all i did n't expect my post to get so much attention !, 
  i was just mentioning a funny anecdote - a game so buggy it was used as test subject for a class - not responding in / r/askscience :d, 
  i did n't understand your quote . 
  maybe it was the point of it :d, 
  in this case it means you are too passive i guess . 
  if you decide to be aggressive , you should not let your opponent tech or expand and try and end the game for instance in the first 15 ingame minutes . 
  if you go for lots of units , but do n't attack soon enough , your opponent will out macro you and then have a much bigger army . 
  if you decide to macro , you must be careful and scout to see if your opponent is n't gearing up for a big timing attack , or teching to something that would crush you . 
  you have to understand what you can run on one base . 
  if you go 4 gates/blink stalkers/3 gates robo you ca n't expand . 
  if you only get 3 gates you will have enough money to expand , but then after expanding you need to whether tech rapidly or try and go for a timing attack like 7 gates . 
  at this point i ca n't be more precise without seing a replay . 
  that is what you should do , always when you lose and do n't understand why : watch the replay !, 
  watch the unit count and see at what point your opponent get ahead of you . 
  i did not mention it but this is crucial to progress in this game , and the replay feature is very good in sc2 so you 'd better use it !, 
  what i meant is that sometimes , you lose a game but you know instantly why . 
  like you see the guy destroying you with dt : you forgot to scout or get preemptive detection , or you went blink stalkers but bad luck , he went full immortal and hard counter you . 
  if , on the other hand , you do n't see what went wrong just when you lose , then the replay becomes very useful . 
  looking at the replay , you can decrypt the game and understand it much better . 
  as i said , you can watch if your opponent fast expanded without you noticing it and managed to get far ahead because of it , or maybe just got a 4th gate on one base and you stayed on 3 gates on one base which puts you necessarly behind if you do n't tech . 
  i understand it is frustrating to lose repeatedly , but the strategy i recommand ( practice simple bo , watch replays ) pays off . 
  a very interesting alternative is to play team games , or custom maps . 
  there is a ton of excellent content in the arcade ( custom map section ) . 
  i would recommand monobattle , desert strike , footmen ... 
  they are very clasic and good custom maps that bring most of the fun that i get today from sc2 , 1v1 ladder having turned out too stressful to be enjoyable on a daily basis . 
  yep basically this is what it means . 
  this is called a [ signature ] ( http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;ved=0ccmqfjaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fen.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2ftime_signature&amp;ei=qze_umqoooawiqe11yhwdq&amp;usg=afqjcneqmvn8fendretmyxahd93ske_38g&amp;sig2=wgxqk0g6ovteildexqoh8q ) .
