  same , it misses the while point . 
  also there is a pretty important change of tone right after the ovation so do n't start neat the end !, 
  i also got one but could n't help reproduce something very similar to the standard keyboard setup . 
  i 'm still having some trouble when playing meepo as i ca n't have as many control groups as i have on a keyboard . 
  i reported the post just for not respecting the rules and more generally being the perfect example of totally uninteresting pictures with story in title . 
  but i did n't expect it to not even be original . 
  this is the first time i witness php injection ( if it is what i think it was ) . 
  i do n't know much about php but i have been coding and working on unix for a few years . 
  i found the video fascinating !, 
  dude ... please , careful with my hopes . 
  i found the video quite frustrating because of that !, 
  it is a demo of koonboot but it does n't tell much . 
  however , after seeing how easily you could bind sticky keys to a root terminal from the loggin screen / startup repair tool , i can imagine that konboot finds a way to gain root accss and changing parameters during the reboot in order to bypass the login . 
  apparently another fnatic lol streamer too http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/1y5jiw/n0tail_hacked_live_on_stream/cfhk20r, 
  n0tail ( dota 2 ) and devilwalk ( csgo ) also just got hacked while streaming . 
  similar fashion with notepad opening etc. 
  three fnatic players streaming ( dota 2 , lol and csgo ) got hacked at the same time , with notepad opening etc. 
  lol thread was mentioning teamviewer too . 
  maybe someone got their hands on the list of fnatic teamviewers login info ? 
  also , it 's completely feasible to have natural light but to just take a few seconds to put the kitten . 
  the blur on the video is far enough to cover a few seconds of extremely slow shadow movement . 
  i 'd be proud . 
  or you can defend yourself with a gun http://imgur.com/2m0vola, 
  someone had to post it . 
  do you always head for a given lane / jungle ? 
  or do you rotate between safe farm , jungle or middle ? 
  would n't be absurd to transition into a s&y that gives you speed and hp . 
  to me this is the obvious solution . 
  they 'll have all the advertisement and the event set up , all they need is to stream it through twitch and let us spam kappas in chat . 
  true , but this is how i learned to improvise : by playing the proper scale over a soundtrack , until i could form some phrasing after learning how the scale sounds . 
  the pi song sounds really blend , because there is no phrasing at all . 
  but it sounds nice because the scale is respected . 
  i sometime store it in the case with the strap yeah , and the shape fits . 
  you sound right . 
  did i fuck up ? 
  :( any way to clean this off ? 
  the only thing i see myself doing , given the fact that i ca n't wash it up , would be to have the enamel removed and re applied . 
  but i would n't do it after 5-10 years and only of it gets somehow worse . 
  i live in europe and bought it on hollywood boulevard in la. 
  i 've chosen her among so many beautiful guitars , no way i 'm giving her away even if she turns completely black !, 
  i have a mural stand from hercule , indeed of much better quality than other stands like this one . 
  this is my first stand so i 've been using it forever but my `` slightly chubby '' ( she 's huge and heavy ) 335 makes the stand look a bit weak , in addition of being probably made with basic material . 
  well , the gdp per inhabitant is of 550 $ in uganda and 50 000 $ in the us , so there still must be a tremendous number of kids who have grown in uganda in conditions that can not be compared to any kind of situation in the us . 
  also i 'd like to point out that the mom being being single is not a requirement . 
  i was n't there then . 
  how was it ? 
  if the same person can have a mmr in a range of 1000 points , it means the rating system tremendously lacks of accuracy . 
  some report similar ranges for 3000-4000 mmr . 
  if the mmr is random for newer and more irregular players , having such ranges that high means this rating system does n't work for a huge part of the player base . 
  it shows then that the metric used is n't able to measure the average skill level of this player , which is what you should expect from such a learning algorithm where the rating is adjusted constantly . 
  well i know the game , and played it a bit offline , frozen throne included . 
  but i want to hear about epic ~ ~ bugs ~ ~ features that would appear in such custom maps . 
  lovely beast !, 
  you might want to check with the authorities though , i doubt it 's legal to keep a panther in-house = 3, 
  mmr is definitely supposed so reflect the skill level of a player in order to be useful for match making . 
  if you are having many players which can play randomly at very different mmrs depending on the game , then it does not represent something intrinsic to the player and it fails at being such metric . 
  i never said anything about being the ultimate metric . 
  but if it does n't separate players in the top 5 % and players in the top 25 % then it 's not good enough at all . 
  you do n't answer my arguments . 
  someone can be given a rating of top 25 % or top 5 % on two independent accounts played similarly . 
  if a player can behave like a 3000 mmr or 4000 mmr player depending on who they pick , then the mmr does not represent their overall understanding of the game and fails at predicting his level in order to build coherent teams . 
  and i mean this because this is exactly what i see , 100 % of the time . 
  i see people with similar mmr with totally incomparable level of understanding of the game . 
  it baffles me that valve has n't implemented something comparable to sc2 's seasons . 
  between each seasons ( that would last something like 2 months iirc ) you would have a phase where the uncertainty of your ranking would be set very high ( or completely ignored ? 
  not sure ) and you could then have huge jumps in rating , both upward and downward . 
  so someone has practiced on non ranked game and go back to ladder at the beginning of the season ? 
  he might jump in the next league if he performs really well in the calibrating matches . 
  someone has stopped playing a while , next season he 'll probably drop in the lower league if he lost a bit of skill . 
  i am currently playing on my main steam account where i started dota not having played any moba before . 
  with abandonned games where i thought you had to gg out , did n't know about items , etc. 
  since , i 've gained a lot of knowledge , and after a year i am matched with someone that wants to have a silencer drow vengeful trilane with silencer carry , and kotl solo offlane ( and nothing coherent to follow this with ) . 
  the inertia is just depressing . 
  yes , we have * creche * were you can put your child before * ecole maternelle * , and it starts as soon as 3 months old ( up to 3 years old ) . 
  i found the title quite underwhelming . 
  this guy was a virtuoso like you do n't have many in a century . 
  some people played two smurf accounts and ended up with a 1000 points differential on their rating . 
  it is completely tecktonik , just not with the traditional hard tech that it usually comes with . 
  it 's nice but very repetitive . 
  that 's not how almost any developed country justice system works . 
  how are these events more likely to escalate into a worldwide conflict as opposed to any comparable event in the middle east , asia or even in south america ? 
  i was more talking about the tecktonik itself . 
  it 's nice to watch a bit but it got really popular in france and after a few days all tecktonik videos looked the same . 
  this guy puts a bit of himself in it , and does not use only tecktonik moves . 
  well it was my way to say it 's not very good  it 's * nice * but lacks of depth . 
  well you can always think about stevethepirate 's mom . 
  usa has been known for interfering in far away countries and being at the root of several revolution that saw pro-west leaders come up afterward ( like irak for instance ) . 
  russia does it more locally , maybe because they do n't have the technology the us can rely on to spread their forces so far away . 
  you can really feel the blind nationalism roaring sometimes . 
  the usa is ~ ~ from ~ ~ by far the most influential country in the world and has several times participated in violent revolutions ( by assisting , furnishing weapons ) that ended up in huge change of political orientation of said countries . 
  i 'm not sure i expressed myself clearly . 
  i meant usa is the most influential country in the world , ~ ~ from ~ ~ by far . 
  they do n't need to annex part of countries , they weight enough just giving support by selling weapons or assisting with drones and airstrikes . 
  they have fucking floating base , with their insane aircrafts and aircraft carriers fleet . 
  they have the most powerful satellites , drones , submarines . 
  they really do n't need to annex a part of a country . 
  the mode is different , but the goal is the same . 
  the us deploy their military power and participate in so many conflicts over the world in order to protect their interests . 
  they have been doing this for decades and do n't show any sign they want to stop . 
  the way the us assert their world dominance through their army and technological advance is really unique and remarkable .
