  he is not that random . 
  he was a good candidate to rebel and also maybe madara could tell he had the potential to develop kamui . 
  nope he was just freeing 8 tails from tobi 's seal . 
  never call tenten out . 
  never . 
  i got a phone call from a friend from school when it hapened . 
  she was crying and desperatly repeating `` whyyy , whyyy did they dod this '' and i was all like `` hell yea , i caught abra '' . 
  haha can you imagine ? 
  he 's back among the deads with minato , jiraya and hashirama and he 's like `` uuuh ... yeah , something weird happened , i do n't really know . '', 
  i got the last naruto ps3 videogame . 
  it 's actually absurd how powerful tenten is . 
  the character is completely imbalanced and there is very few ways to counter her bitchy style of throwing a shitload of shuriken and traps . 
  so who knows . 
  woops , y bad indeed . 
  then it makes more sense : madara would have needed an uchiha with rinnegan . 
  nagato was used to develop the rinnegan , and obito was the uchiha . 
  still wondering if madara knew about kamui beforehand . 
  as a french guy , i feel deeply honored that you call french kiss and french fries the way you call them . 
  it is two things of the most primal needs , sex and food . 
  american redditors , i salute you and tell you my grief for 9/11 o7, 
  this is now a reason i ca n't wait for my older brother to have kids . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  his arms go up when he starts to lean , losing balance , before he misses a step . 
  hitler was much more than just a spokesman . 
  he was a brilliant political mind and a great war chief . 
  do n't misunderstand me , a significant part of my family died in his camps and there is no way to justify the hate of jews or gypsies or any community targeted by him . 
  but the guy restarted germany 's industry and economy , he put the country back on track . 
  he made it the most advanced country , with usa , in term of war technology . 
  his v2 missile was the basis for both american and soviet space program once again , i do know that his strategy was based on hate and that this is not sustainable . 
  but the guy was extremely good at what he was doing in term of economy and war . 
  yes he is , you can see a close up when madara asks where the real naruto is , and just after you see naruto finishing removing the chain , freeing 8 tails . 
  yes , to me it is much more likely that the scroll is about edo tensei , or the development of rinnegans . 
  remember that that was the goal of oro : get to understand and master the power of the sage of 6th paths . 
  so it is about rinnegan , or soul transfer . 
  maybe both , actually . 
  it feels wrong , because naruto had two real good bye scenes with both his parents . 
  sasuke says something like `` he had planned everything '' ( sorry for approximative quote ) when he reads the scroll . 
  so my guess is that the scroll is a technique that oro could have been able to perform once he would have taken control of sasuke 's body . 
  and now that sasuke is aware of it , he wants to try it himself . 
  as he mention going to see the one who knows everything ( or the ones that know everything , as oro refer to them using plural ) , i would bet on an extremely powerful technique related to uchiha 's power . 
  being something oro was interested in , my bet it on rinnegan or perfect soul transfer , as oro was n't able to perform a sustainable soul transfer and had to change body regularly . 
  well , it seems odd . 
  if sasuke wanted to revive them , it would n't be to `` meet them '' . 
  the the old hokages do know lots of things , but they would come at play first for their incredible powers . 
  also , orochimaru had the ability to revive the old hokages , as he did it to fight the third . 
  i feel like the technique on the scroll was a key element in oro 's plan from the beginning , or at least before he started to try and get sasuke 's body . 
  so he could have met the old hokages without using the scroll obviously , because he actually did . 
  i know he ca n't revive them anymore , but specifically because he already did !, 
  ( and they where then sealed by the reaper death , yes ) . 
  my point is that reviving them could ` nt have been oro 's final goal because i reached that goal a while ago . 
  so i do n't see how this could be the point of the scroll that looks like something orochimaru was waiting to be able to do . 
  it was not direct interaction because it was during the iama done by the 5 yo little girl starting kindergarten . 
  i was stunned when i read :, 
  - what do you think is the biggest problem facing the world today ? 
  - that the leaves fall off the trees and some people want the leaves to stay on . 
  that 's the biggest problem in the world . 
  this naive answer is so deep . 
  it summarizes perfectly how man is always trying to take over nature ( not necessarly in a bad way , but to me that is basically what makes us different from animals : we do n't accept our natural state and instinctly act to take control of it ) , yet it was extremely simple and poetic . 
  you would need much more than few reddit post to be able to say that . 
  this kind of shortcut is very dangerous and not helpful at all when it comes down to find a treatment for the guy . 
  you need several hours of psychoanalysis between a kid and a therapist in order to have a precise diagnostic . 
  i am not saying everthing is ok , of course the kid needs help . 
  but if you think you can draw the conclusions you are drawing just with few lines from his father on reddit , you are completely wrong . 
  kid does bad things . 
  sociopaths do bad things . 
  kid is a sociopath . 
  i completely disagree with the fact that `` yeah , the kid clearly looks like a sociopath that would show no empathy when killing a 9 year old girl after having raped her for 3 months and cut her fingers one by one '' . 
  that kind of shortcut is dangerous and completely misleading . 
  obviously the kid needs help from a therapist , but there is an infinite number of different mental disorders that could lead to what the kid has done . 
  and as many appropriate treatments and reactions . 
  we are not talking about a case which you saw something similar on the news two weeks ago , or something that clearly looks like the `` typical '' behavior of a killer or psychotic structure or whatever . 
  this is a specific case , like every case . 
  you need to spend hours hearing the kid in order to understand why he behaves like this , and what he could do in the future . 
  there is no point in such extrapolation , except eventually scare him or his father and make the treatment/psychoanalysis even harder . 
  about the fact that `` he ca n't even eat products that were manufactured in the same plant as peanut products '' , it is because industrial manufacturers do n't take extra precaution to avoid peanut powder to flow around and get mixed with other products . 
  so they write on the package a warning to avoid the responsability of having peanut in a product that should not contain it . 
  but it is far from being a systematical risk . 
  what i mean by that is that the peanut contamination occurs extremely rarely . 
  of course this small risk is from far enough for him to avoid such products , because even if the risk is small , the consequences are huge . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  surely , op will realize it was n't the best thing to do , will delete his post , go back in time and save the cat . 
  are you that fucking stupid ? 
  that 's exactly what i was wondering . 
  but does idra leave without gg as often in live tournaments compared to ladder ? 
  i hope they all feel extremely sad for being responsible and commit suicide . 
  yes . 
  it is the same reason i think that makes cutsoms unable to check what the sauce containers contain , even though they are crossing borders . 
  the reason is to protect industrial secret and prevent reverse engeeniring . 
  haha no problem , i happened to be redditing when you posted . 
  i think it is just because this lobby is extremely powerful that they managed to get such privileges . 
  it becomes more and more absurd : they optimize the product freely on one hand , and on the other hand you have more and more information about how deadly and addictiv it is with warning campaigns , graphic pictures etc. 
  paris , france, 
  then you should stay out of france !, 
  here a 12 years old can buy a bottle of vodka easly in store , and you can also drink in the street when you are 16 or 14 if you are not too unlucky . 
  the only things cops would do is eventually tell you to stop . 
  but half gram of weed ( just in your pocket , even if you are sobber doing nothing in the sreet but happened to get searched for whatever reason ) can send you in jail for few hours up to one day and is extremely severly prohibited in general . 
  and of course there are cases where personal amount of cannabis ( like 10/15 grams ) found in someone 's house brought him 6 months of jail because the guy happened to have a scale at home too . 
  i agree with pretty everything you said . 
  few things i would add/correct :, 
  - orochimaru 's goal is n't sasuke 's body itself , it 's the power of the sage of 6 paths .
