  the goal is to have the highest confidence possible in your results , in order to be as sure as possible that what you detected is indeed a particle of interest and not only due to randomness of the `` noise '' . 
  the noise is everything that you measure which is not of interest . 
  all measurement is polluted by different kind of noises : instrument inaccuracy , parasite phenomena , etc. 
  to get rid of the noise , you need to have accurate experiment and good data processing . 
  today we reached a point where the confidence in the result that `` the highs boson do exist and has an energy ( equivalent to mass , remember ) of 125 gev '' ( this is not the accurate result , they gave error bars etc ) is very high . 
  this is measured in term of `` number of sigma '' , implicitly in number of the noise 's sigma ( sigma = standard deviation ) . 
  that means that the boson has been detected at a level of 5 times the level of noise , roughly . 
  this is typically a number used to qualify a result as accurate enough to be `` true '' . 
  haha yeah sorry , constantly switching between french and english does not help to prevent that kind of translation :p, 
  i ca n't wait to get my phd and become a `` doctor '' . 
  if anyone feels not well some day in the street and people yell `` get a doctor '' , i 'll proudly show up and enjoy some stolen fame then let die the poor guy because if he is not a broken algorithm of applied statistics then i ca n't fix him . 
  yes you are right : this is not a signal to noise ratio that it is about , nor i was talking about . 
  sorry for my imprecision . 
  i tend to confuse real detection level and `` statistical level '' , i.e. 
  false detection probability . 
  i did n't want to go into more details so i said `` roughly '' . 
  it becomes a bit tricky to give simple explanations on that when you totally ignore the background of the people involved in the discussion . 
  i think i 'm gon na have a hard time explaining this news to all the family d :, 
  how people do n't solve their problems becoming adult . 
  they just find an approximately sustainable way to live decently with them in society . 
  yeah , just act normal because what you did is normal . 
  it was just an intimate act she walked on to , so of course this is awkward , but like dear mrtumbleweed says there is not much to blame you . 
  maybe this is why we do not have donuts here in france . 
  i asked the ` merican redditors their donuts ' secret but all that was responded to me was `` it is a secret '' or something mysterious about a secret organisation that some call `` krispy kreme '' that seems to be one of the guardian of this donuts thing . 
  so maybe this is why : it destroys people . 
  it make them lie , profit , abuse each other . 
  maybe it was kept secret to avoid the destruction of all culture . 
  ovary_puncher , i feel sorry for your loss . 
  it is a pet animal for me , so i know this does n't fit perfectly but still . 
  it was my 13 year old cat that died something like two months ago . 
  i am 24 so she had been around for more than half of my life and from my siblings i was from far the one closest to her . 
  she had had several problems indicating that hear health was declining : coughing a bit , then got her back legs partially paralysed . 
  she recovered from her leg but kept coughing . 
  onf afternoon , like 5 minutes after i got back from work , she came down the stairs and start to cough . 
  my dad arrived from work like 1 minute after she started coughing and she layed down . 
  she strugle a bit to breath then she was gone . 
  she basically died in my hands as i was caressing and reassuring her in her last moment . 
  it is just a cat and i felt different than the time i lost a friend , but still . 
  two old polish jewish friends meet after not seeing each other for few years . 
  - hey hankel !, 
  good to see you !, 
  in one word , how is life ? 
  - good . 
  - and in two words ? 
  - not good . 
  i am seriously more and more shocked by this story . 
  in france we do n't talk enough about that , but what about inside the us ? 
  did the story make some noise ? 
  is it still ? 
  i ca n't believe this is really happening , us forces organizing an operation in nz to defend big us media companies , then trying to convince everyone that they know what they 're doing and everyone should let them do . 
  i mean come on , i know the us have a big lead in military tech , and i know it is also the leader in term of media production , but how can this quietly happen in the country of freedom ? 
  this story seems wrong at so many levels , is it only because it 's an internet stuff that most of the people do n't react ? 
  i really hope it is because you only get news trough reddit ; /, 
  we had several articles on google news and very likely on physical newspapers . 
  but you guys are supposed to be crazy about court stuff , hollywood and medias . 
  so i hope it is because it is about internet and most people above 40 do n't get , being used to the stupid would you download a car ???!!, 
  nothing better than crushing farmers armed with musket with tanks and marines , 
  i do n't really get why you mention france while my post was focused on the us . 
  i do n't really get how you add anything new or interesting to the conversation neither . 
  had a rough week , eh ? 
  actually i ask why nobody talks about this case in the media , which includes defenders of kim as well as people that want to see him convicted . 
  this case is very important and should be discussed more . 
  if you want young men to take note this should be public !, 
  i did my best with my cellphone , sorry for the pretty limited quality of the video !, 
  i 'd say france 's foie gras , because it is one of the most subtle and delicious thing that i evere ate , and because it seem no one knows how to prepare it properly outside of france ( not even asian ), 
  tom cruise . 
  same , this is my 50-years-of-practice-as-a-ear-nose-throat-doctor grandfather 's tip to deal with my nose bleeds . 
  firm pressure on the two sides of the noise on the soft parts during 5-10 minutes . 
  this may very well be the best comic i have read so far . 
  yeah it slightly outperforms the one on the husband whose wife leaves for vegas with the baby . 
  the problem is not laughing at that . 
  the problem is laughing at that at work , then someone hears you and come and ask you what you are laughing about ... 
  the guy that automated his work and got 1000 % of his coworkers efficiency , and got the proportional bonus at the end of the month . 
  op delivered and saved his soul : http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/vomtn/update_my_friends_call_me_a_scumbag_because_i/, 
  edit : i accidentally some . 
  in france people tend to think it is forbidden . 
  as it turns out , it is not explicitly mentioned in the law but you could get a ticket for it . 
  mother of god ... 
  there you go !, 
  it is very difficult for a parent to know where stop his/her parental authority has to stop to let you develop your own privacy . 
  it is part of letting the child go , and it seems to me that mothers have especially a hard time of giving it up . 
  this problem of the mother that takes for granted the right to know and/or control the private life ( sexual life in particular , of course ) of their daughter ( you 're a girl , right ? ), 
  is quite common even if every situation is different . 
  in your case , i think you should find yourself lucky : first , your mom had the best of the bad reaction . 
  sending you to a therapist is the best way to badly react to what happened , because your mother does not rely only on her opinion and experience to judge the situation . 
  i think it is good because she shows that she is not closed to solutions that may come from outside of her thoughts !, 
  secondly , you seem to have had a great session with the therapist . 
  this is important because it should keep your mother a minimum relaxed about this issue , but also and above all it may be very helpful for yourself , to understand a bit how you work and how you see yourself in your familial circle . 
  so yeah , it sucks you mom flipped out , but i think it was a good idea to put this problem in someone else 's hands , and also it is great if you find your session with the therapist useful . 
  who cares if you talk about blowjobs or your relations with your mother and sister . 
  in the end everything is linked to the phallus , anyway :d, 
  totally !, 
  the first time i played against the end , i saved and randomly loged back a week later exactly . 
  i saw him die of old age . 
  i never had heard of this easter egg . 
  i was like : `` uuuh . . ok ? 
  is that it ? 
  or am i gon na get shot by his parrot holding his rifle or what ? '', 
  i 've experienced it several times and yeah , this freaks me out too . 
  it is incredible how blur the dream can be , but you still feel the deep panic of tota loss of power and control .
