  just saying . 
  it is through such challenges that humanity will push its limits always further , and reach for the stars . 
  motherfuckin repost http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/xtxv7/just_another_happy_day/, 
  i do n't mind occasional reposts but this one is up every damn week . 
  allowing shift-queuing off cooldown spells would be a bit broken . 
  some heroes that have very short delay spells would have to big of an advantage imo . 
  you confuse `` neceessary condition '' and `` sufficient condition '' . 
  you need senju dna to activate rinnegan . 
  but senju dna is not enough to activate rinnegan . 
  without senju dna , you can not activate the rinnegan , but having senju dna has no reason to guarantee you will activate it . 
  let them go !, 
  i 'd be happy to take one of their seat in one of the best places to do research , 
  this video is probably to most terrifying thing i 've watched . 
  i recommend people that did n't see it not to see it and rather read abou it . 
  i immediately thought about it when i saw the armes waving through the train 's door . 
  it 's nothing cxlose to a lpt , it 's a long time repost of a guy choping wood with efficient tools . 
  and it even violates first rule \\ ^ \\ ^ ', 
  you see dozens of arms trying to reach for outside , as people get suck in the exit doorway , while the flames start cooking them . 
  100 dead and 200 + injured . 
  seriously do n't watch that \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  edit : `` that '' refers to the nightclub video, 
  we are not talking about the same thing . 
  i 'm amazed at how people are able to misunderstand elementary english . 
  we 're talking about the video of the nightclub , not the one of the london subway , dumb shit . 
  no problem !, 
  there is a second video ( nightclub caught fire , one of the most deadly fire in the us histoy ) . 
  the london sub video is n't terrible , but made me think of this second , horrible video ( i 'll let you find the link that someone already gave here ), 
  when i read you first comment i honestly thought you were someone else strugling with basic reading ... and it sound like you were talking about the london sub video !, 
  sorry for the mutual misunderstanding . 
  for the video , i did n't mention any footage of people burning live , you see them all stuck up and waving their arms hopelessly . 
  and although you have no extreme graphic footage the situation is horrible and the london sub video reminded my of it . 
  i used slark ult which deactivates when he enters ennemi vision to deward but i never realized you could avoid the horrible sf ult initiation with a similar trick . 
  well , for me they pretty surely would have . 
  one of my lower wisdom tooth got stuck , and i hurt the gum around it with something sharp ( like very crispy bacon , pop corn etc ) . 
  developed an abscess that caused me the sharpest pain i ever felt ( from far overcoming the migraine pain ) . 
  if the infection had not killed me before , i probably would have died after too long without sleep . 
  i wonder why this got so few upvotes , i really enjoyed reviving this epic games , and there is a bunch of stage footage that i did n't see live . 
  good job for this video !, 
  it 's also a huge insult to dota 2 complexity . 
  if you think you should be able to fully understand and react accordingly in a dota 2game , and that you can judge someone 's level after just a handful of games , it shows a complete lack of maturity and understanding of the game . 
  it is saying that you can become a serious and good dota 2 player after 5 game , which is ridiculous . 
  you mean a mid or feed syndrome ? 
  he 's been playing other games than sc2 for years , before sc2 even started to show a slow in growth . 
  if you meet people with 5 games in your matchmaking , husky is probably not the one to be blamed regarding to his level . 
  or maybe it 's because you are at the same level at the one you were after your 5th game ? 
  i enjoy seeing him play , and also show other games to the sc2 players . 
  coming myself from sc2 ( and having actually started to learn with husky ) i can tell how many similarities these games share , and how beneficial it could be to bring these two universes closer . 
  as an old sc2 player , i found dota 2 refreshing and more rewarding ( the game is much much more forgiving due to the fact that 5 persones doing a mistake can bring your whole team on their feet , and there is also more opportunities to catch up without fighting the enemy team , just using the map ressources ) , and fun to play in teams . 
  the game require less training at non-pro level and offers a wild range of gameplays , depending on the picks . 
  as a dota 2 player , i would be glad to see sc2 players come to dota 2 . 
  i feel like there was a bit more respect and more `` class '' among them than what i 've seen in the moba communities ( of course you have all kind of players in each player base ) , so i feel like it would be nice to see these guys come and play with us . 
  plus , sc2 requires a lot of training , and i can easily imagine that people from the sc2 community training as hard on dota 2 and learn quickly . 
  all i miss from sc2 was the remarkable match making that would , in a matter of days or weeks , bring me to an extremely close 50 % winrate with extremely close games . 
  the problem with dota 2 is that it is hard to predict the global level of a team , given the individual level of the member of the team , but i have faith in valve and their ability to remove the fith pick pudge lane support picks from the surface pf the planet . 
  i figure that haters are more quickly motivated to hate , and do n't need to watch the video , or think about their comment , and can just rush and spill their bile . 
  people who enjoy the video are likely more interested by the video itself than commenting . 
  i completely agree with you and i have one possible explaination . 
  the main difference i see is that moba are team games . 
  it makes these games individually easier , because a significant ( not to say huge ) part of your efficiency is going to be based on your ability to have good teamplay with your teammates . 
  i agree also with you for why moba tend to attract players from games like sc2 . 
  and actually , i would give the same explaination : team games are much more fun to watch . 
  you are able to see the different part interract , you identify the elements of the team more easily , while in sc2 everything is the result of the personnal interpretation of a single player per team of a vaste metagame . 
  i feel like sc2 is modern chess and moba would be ... something closer to rugby . 
  you have in both cases a huge complexity , and mastery ( you get much better if you practice more than the others ) but when the game expand through a set of several players , it is just much more easy to understand from the outside , as a spectator or as a new players . 
  personnally , i ended up transitioning from sc2 to dota 2 essentially because of friends and the fact that this was a team game . 
  yeah the example was really bad , even if he gave a decent introduction . 
  i 'd recommend simply to listen to classic 5:4 songs . 
  i thought you were talking in celsius . 
  i thought you were pretty badass . 
  i got the same with jewish tailors . 
  the first opens a shop saying `` best tailor in the neighborhood '' . 
  frustrated , a second tailor opens his own shop in the same street , calling himself `` best tailor in the city '' . 
  a third tailor , angered by such confidence from his competitors , opens his own shop right next to the previous one , with a nice board saying `` best tailor in the country '' . 
  then the last one comes with his own opening with a sign that just says `` best tailor in the street '' . 
  edit : was confusing ith rearm, 
  not midas , bkb , or linken 's for instance . 
  but yeah any skill can . 
  since i 've heard of it , i 've been really curious to see a six boots keeper of the kotl . 
  one for mana , one for hp regen , one for speed , one for tp , one for stats and one for the style . 
  if i have to chose between eul 's , blink , mek or forcestaff i never pick eul 's first though . 
  it 's not http://jmlr.org/papers/volume11/mairal10a/mairal10a.pdf, 
  i 've always seen authors order be discussed when writing a paper , in maths , signal processing , geology or astrophysics . 
  and false !, 
  i 've always seen this question being discussed when writing a paper , and we usually do as / u/salaciouscrum said . 
  for people not happy about the link i gave , just brows these categories http://arxiv.org/list/math.ag/current, 
  sometimes 25 % , 50 % of the papers do n't respect this rule . 
  edit : now i understand , i was confusing with tinker 's rearm . 
  refresher refreshes everything it seems , beside itself and other refreshers that share a cooldown . 
  as for tinker 's rearm : tinker 's refresh works on all of his skills and most of his items , except :, 
  - helm of the dominator, 
  - necronomicon 1/2/3, 
  - hands of midas, 
  - refresher orb, 
  - black king bar, 
  well , this `` usage '' is far from being systematic as said before . 
  on a random example it 's less than 75 % of papers . 
  my bad for arxiv , your source is better indeed . 
  edit : i forgot how to letter ~ ~ still ~ ~ , '' ~ ~ classifying spaces of degenerating mixed hodge structures , iii : spaces of nilpotent orbits ~ ~ '' , ~ ~ one of the 5 papers in cover ~ ~ , ~ ~ violates the rule ~ ~ . 
  still , i 'm surprised by how common this is . 
  from a mathematical point of view it 's the only natural order , but it seems incoherent with the function of authors list .
