  [ there you go . 
  ] ( https://www.giantbomb.com/space-invaders/3030-5099/ ), 
  hey op you should n't host your video on reddit and use this shitty player imo . 
  reddit has entered full monetizing mode , you should n't consider it reliable to host content . 
  but you will get intermittent diarrhea where you randomly get rupture effect making you lose hp and letting a brown trail . 
  same , right now it 's only topped by adoptive incest and the retirement sexual assault story , but usually heroin is at the top of that kind of thread . 
  i used ~ highdpiaware as data field and it worked , the options for compatibility of tslgame.exe are still grayed out but the no dpi option is enabled . 
  [ never forget . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hxcceqprb0 ), 
  hey op you should n't rely on reddit to host your content , which in addition comes with using their shitty player . 
  for what reason is et short ? 
  no it 's because he has little legs . 
  i really love no tidehunter roshan bait play . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  kickstarer is basically a pre-order website , with special edition packages that can contain additional goodies or special variants of what is being sold . 
  i thought they included more constrains on delivering the product since it started , but apparently not !, 
  when you look into how eyed and the brain work you realize how unfit the comparison is . 
  vision is n't processed by frames , there is a highly variable resolution , and over 80 % of neurons take a part in the process of interpreting the signal coming from the optic nerve . 
  hey op you should n't rely on reddit to host your content , which in addition comes with using their shitty player . 
  hey op you should n't rely on reddit to host your content , which in addition comes with using their shitty player . 
  if you were to * lose * one of these capabilities after having able to experience them during your childhood , which would it be , and why ? 
  edit : just to be clear , feeling is touch feeling , not * feelings * . 
  this includes anything that is related to physical sex , physical pain , but not thoughts . 
  eddit : i am very sorry for the typing mistake in the title . 
  redditing at work requires fast typing skills , smoitems at the csot of spleling . 
  i just started watching parks and recreation after nick offerman 's iama and i am having a blast . 
  i am laughing my ass of , chaining the episodes of first season . 
  it makes it even funnier to re-read nick 's interview afterward . 
  also , no one ever spoiled anything from that show to me so i progress in total blindness , which is great . 
  what did you discover by yourself an eternity after everyone had ? 
  i know that ht and infestor do n't play the same role for z and p army , but the problem looks excessively similar : they both are an aoe cast that proves to be too efficient , not necessarily in itself but more related to the late macro game . 
  basically protoss could upgrade ht so they could use psionic storm as soon as the ht was warped in . 
  it made it impossible to deal with protoss in late late game because they could basically summon a gigantic electric cloud over your army in a few seconds with no warning . 
  why do n't they just remove pathogen glands ? 
  the first infestors would get out earlier ( as there would be no need to wait for the upgrade anymore ) and massing a pack of infestors from mid to late game would still be effective , but it would solve the problem of continuous fungal production that comes along the continuous infestors production . 
  if there are good arguments against the removal of pathogen glands or the comparison with khaydarin amulet i 'd be glad to hear them . 
  edit : i like how i get downvoted because people just disagree and answers with zero aguments are upvoted . 
  hello / r/hardware !, 
  i am not the best at handling hardware , so i try to ask questions first before disolving my whole motherboard in a single drop of what would be a bad product to clean thermal paste . 
  i am changing my cpu fan and i will need to clean out the old thermal paste . 
  of course , i started with the good old google but i get various answers depending on the forums , and some post frontally contradict other posts . 
  so what do you use to clean thermal paste ? 
  and would for instance [ denatured alcohol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/methylated_spirit ) do the trick ? 
  if annoyed by mosquitos during a hot summer night , use a fan to cool you down and completely disrupt mosquitos that wo n't be able to land and bite . 
  hello guys , i have a pretty unusual enduring war dog ( color 0 151 206 ) that i want to trade for 11 keys . 
  some pictures of the beast running in the wild . 
  notice how it appears relaxed and joyful . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i got my es-335 ( a dot reissue produced in 2008 iirc ) out of her case for clean up after a few months not playing it . 
  [ i saw a dark , relatively stain that i do n't recall having seen before ] ( http://imgur.com/a/6etbf ) . 
  i bought the guitar three years ago and store it in a case in my room . 
  the stain feels very soft so i doubt it 's a classic stain on the enamel . 
  it feels more like it is something happening under the enamel , i cleaned up the guitar completely and could n't remove it at all . 
  the position and shape kinda looks like the position and trajectory of my wrist when i play , but i never play wearing anything that could damage the table like sharp jewel or bracers . 
  any idea of what it is ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i just got my hands on x : rebirth , and never played any of the series before . 
  i spent a lot time on starlancer as a kid , and since then the only real space simulation i played was eve online , for about 8 years long . 
  the main gameplay difference being that eve was point and click , instead of manually driving and aiming . 
  this game really has something unique , even if , after now several months after the release , it 's still very buggy . 
  the atmosphere is very subtly forged and the game mechanics seem deep enough to offer a very broad range of activities . 
  i was just wondering if you had any suggestions for beginners like me . 
  maybe some mods to install , how to optimize a bit the game or general gameplay information about early campaign . 
  am i suppose to explore all station systematically , or can i get drones to do that ? 
  things like that . 
  i would love to see such game being ported as an mmo , but from my experience in eve online , large space battle do not go well with manual , highly responsive control . 
  well hello there !, 
  what the hell did he just pull off ? 
  amazing magic trick . 
  edit : bruno pulled out a magic hat and proceed to severeal magic tricks and produced a piece of paper where he said his prediction for the losers bracket final was written . 
  the series is still going on , so we do n't know if he is right , and no vod right now neither . 
  ~ ~ edit : vod is available here http://www.dota2.com/international/watch/july20/ at 06h50 :30, 
  he was right biblethump ~ ~, 
  edit : / u/the5librarian found the link for the [ vod ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/dota2ti/b/549491092?t=199m ) , as well as the [ follow up ] ( http://www.twitch.tv/dota2ti/b/549491092?t=5h38m50s ) after the game ( which spoils the result , so careful ) . 
  kky , ppy and bigflower are casting vg vs eg with bruno, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i wanted to know if you could help me setting up a [ task trigger ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2mithpe.png ) on windows 7 . 
  i would like to execute a task when a given . exe starts . 
  i selected some random options to see what the xml code would look like , does anyone know how i should tackle this ? 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fujk556.png ) is what the filter tab looks like . 
  is that even possible only using the built in task scheduler ? 
  thanks !, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i own a xi'an scout and could n't find much about its state of development . 
  i 'm not sure if its status of concept ship means it will be developed only after more core elements ( both other ships , features and modules in general ) are more advanced . 
  thanks for your help !, 
  i wanted to make sure \u2584 \u2588 \u2584 \u0e88\u0644\u035c\u0e88 \u2584 \u2588 \u2584, 
  for instance black and white , so you can distinguish it from the regular ultimate when they trigger close from each other . 
  we believe in the holly cabbage spirit and its snake legions . 
  embrace the cabbage way and spread the world about our cause !, 
  we need to gather and write down all we know about how the empire emerged !, 
  the roots of the cult of the holly cabbage , the birth of the snake legion , how both met and merged . 
  then , the battle for the throne of the empire , the establishment of the holly land and the betrayal of its guardian , and the adoption of our current land . 
  it has become a systematic nightmare , i just ca n't plan to have a vive session with friends or family . 
  every time an unexpected problem will arise , never the same . 
  wireless firmware update unable to complete , vive drivers that needs to be reinstalled , tracking problems , warning messages that make no sense ( warning me about mirroring display while i have a single display plugged in ) , forcing me to bypass the link box for display if i use certain cables , etc. 
  i 've been patient , i took care of it each time , but today it 's just too much . 
  after an hour and half spent setting everything up , updating firmwares , every light is green , and then i ca n't pass the room scale setup step . 
  my controllers do n't move when i try to draw the play area . 
  i 've tried everything , i had to cancel my plans .
