  i also think that malfunction of our mind points towards a functional nature of consciousness . 
  you can see the elementary processes at the root of our cognitive functions going crazy in some mental conditions . 
  you can see how this complex architecture is profoundly shaken when elementary process like memory or differentiation are not operating correctly . 
  and every time , you can draw a link between elementary functions and higher , human-related cognitive functions . 
  for any internet-related slang : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=swoon, 
  sorry , i do n't watch that show . 
  since always , but it 's tricky . 
  you can setup a shortcut for mute/unmute mic . 
  if you use it like that , your mic will be open , and muted when you use the shortcut . 
  to reverse the function , mute manually your mic . 
  it will be unmuted when you press the shortcut , hence giving you a very decent push-to-talk function . 
  i think it 's because it 's one of the most skillshot-reliant hero that has one of the biggest snowball possibility in early and mid game . 
  he 's very unique , and easily identified as a hard hero to play with whom people want to shine . 
  so it 's just a reminder of the function to rename emails ? 
  and where does it ~ ~ mention ~ ~ prove the growth of antisemitism ? 
  during the economic crisis , the extreme right party got a bit more votes . 
  antisemitism has been gradually decreasing here since ww2 . 
  edit : the second article mentions it but does n't quote the study they mention correctly and does n't prove its point . 
  alright , `` the poll , released tuesday , found nearly half of the french people surveyed said they think it is `` probably true '' that jews there are more loyal to israel than france , an increase from years past . '' . 
  i have n't met a single french jew in 25 years that would qualify for being more loyal to israel than france , nor any people that would think they do . 
  but i can tell from leaving there since i was born that jews are getting less hate , people focusing more on muslims these years . 
  i added i 've never met a jew that someone else would call more loyal to israel than france . 
  it 's just something i have never heard , even from the few dumbasses ' hate speech i 've heard . 
  also , your article does n't quote accurately the study . 
  for instance france has the lowest percentage for the most important question ( the one i quoted ) , and is in the lower half of overall rate of antisemitism among the countries compared . 
  agreed , you see the new segment being removed much more clearly and it makes the game easier and more enjoyable . 
  obito really insisted that he would reach another level when having his two eyes , and it makes lots of sense . 
  nsfw, 
  i remember now [ starting to learn about the pro scene at ti3 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/1jq3ds/going_into_day_3_i_checked_what_results_each/cbh9jsv ) , and seeing mufc with zero wins during the tournament . 
  how the hell did they qualify ? 
  dude , come on you should be more careful , you 're not alone . 
  interesting concept , especially when the crime in itself consist on copying information ( no direct damage , just potential profit lost ) . 
  i only play him mid , and i always go phase drums maelstrom . 
  i think the battlefury cleave is often not efficient compared to the huge aoe of the lighitng bounce , given the enormous area covered by sof . 
  and it naturally evolves into a mjolnir , very good later . 
  the tp/remnant back gives very good regen with the bottle . 
  i have been going phase drums maelstrom since the beginning with ember mid with pretty good success . 
  the aoe covered is much more adapted to the huge sof area and comes into play much earlier than a battlefury . 
  using the tp/remnant to refil your bottle is pretty efficient and makes the db regen expendable . 
  i 've never heard it outside reddit . 
  i ca n't take her shit anymore , it could help . 
  every time she 's there , with her lovely comments . 
  oh i was n't aware we had a magnetic train in paris . 
  well he did play as toadette last game . 
  no donkey cock ? 
  biblethump, 
  i 'm glad the internet makes it possible for these two worlds to meet . 
  i actually bought rebirth , and then tries x3-ap as everyone was telling me so . 
  i am in my phone but i 'll quickly describe a few key points :, 
  - in rebirth , you can fly only your initial ship . 
  there is only a marginal variation in weapons , which you have to upgrade a bit along the story , while in x3 you can fly dozen of different ships, 
  - in rebirth , you can not fast forward the time . 
  you also can not jump yourself and using a capital ship you own to make you jump is repetitive as fuck , as each time it takes 10 min for it to reach you , you to dock , and then for the jump to happen . 
  i spent a huge proportion of my first weeks on rebirth just flying through the highway, 
  - menus were catastrophic compared to x3 . 
  we 'll see what they change but almost any task takes a while to order because of this . 
  instead of having the possibility to give detailed order to your other ships , in rebirth you have only a handful of functions ( like go there , or follow me ) . 
  mods added a bit but could n't match the x3 menus, 
  - the secondary ships feel useless in rebirth . 
  you get a battleship fairly early in the story , in something like 5 hours of exploration and fighting , not once did it manage to follow and help me at anything . 
  in x3 instantly after taking possession of another ship , you can start giving him trade order or to stay fight with you , and it will do it right away . 
  - the fighting scenes are much more dynamic in x3 , and much harder, 
  - stations in rebirth are a mess . 
  you have to spend so much time exploring them to get marginal trade rewards compared to the time invested . 
  having to dock to them to hire people adds absolutely nothing beside a few minutes of walking through empty and repetitive corridor . 
  that 's just a few points on the top of my head , just in basics . 
  it feels like x3 is also much broader later in the game . 
  you can tell it was boosted from the beginning , he chained bots game to reach lvl 13 and ranked matchmaking , using what seems to be a bot macro http://dotabuff.com/players/168261738/matches?page=7, 
  yes , heat and co2 , not light . 
  i regularly do , with the same 4 buddies . 
  we 've been playing consistently together for maybe 10 months as a team on tmm and games are absolute shit . 
  we must be around 80 % winrate , with 2/3rd of the win games being matched against much less experimented players . 
  they are much less sensitive to it than co2 . 
  they could just be sensitive to temperature gradient , as those who follow hot sources are more likely to find living animals to feed from . 
  anyways , light was meant as `` visible light '' . 
  i 'm not used to be on board as soon as a game comes out . 
  what 's the common schedule ? 
  do the release at one point during the day , at midnight , or else ? 
  well , i called uplay and as i told us the game was n't showing up in my library , they told me it would `` be available tomorrow '' . 
  it 's frustrating , when the point of pre-ordering is at least to have the game ready for the release . 
  apparently delays between ubishop and uplay are common . 
  i had a deal on uplay , otherwise i would have gotten it on steam yeah . 
  but i 've read that the special digital edition would n't appear in uplay before the release time , so i guess some are lucky , or maybe they got the standard version ? 
  i got it activated today at 10:30 am ( france ) . 
  i got it using a promo code from a bundle and that 's why it had n't been processed the same way regular uplay keys were . 
  i downloaded at 10 mo/sec during the day without trouble . 
  same here , bought a few days ago and nothing on uplay till today . 
  i got a key through email + activation in uplay at 10:30 this morning . 
  i have kind of an opposite point of view , i never played any x game before trying rebirth , and then x3 : ap . 
  i 'm used to space and trade sims though . 
  i really could n't stand rebirth , even without having tried x3 . 
  the way to move around the map , the extremely slow and really crappy menus , the single ship to fly with only a couple of weapons , the insane amount of bug ( and i did n't try rebirth before six months after the release ) , the extremely poor management of your secondary ships and their unresponsiveness , the creepy stations that all look the same inside . 
  i could n't understand how such a famous series could produce such game after all those years . 
  then i tried x3 and there is now way rebirth match its complexity because the game has been way too much dumbed down in its structure . 
  is n't this due to the fact that we have a natural way to build defense against viruses that has been in place long before we started influencing it with vaccines ? 
  viruses always had to mutate in order to escape the antibodies that were built last time it infected a host . 
  c a t t r a p p e d u n d e r c o u c h, 
  `` nope nope nope '', 
  i have n't had an invader sitting in a car hiding for now , how does it look when you pass by with your profiler on ? 
  does the hacker get detected normally ?
