  that was my question : what happened when you are actively hiding , cutting the power off . 
  i ca n't wait for servers to be fixed so i can download it again ... after avast detected watch_dogs . exe as a virus -_-, 
  same here , i was playing just fine earlier today . 
  as i try to start the game , i get an error about how watch_dogs . exe was classified as a virus and can not be started . 
  i checked the bin file which was now a 0 kb empty file , and added the directory to avast exceptions . 
  i then proceeded to uninstall the game in order to download it back quickly , but now the servers are down and i only managed to log into uplay . 
  that 's a very understandable fear . 
  you could go straight see a swimming teacher and tell them you 're phobic about that and need to work on that by learning how to swim . 
  dude , always unexpected , always a huge smile . 
  you do n't need me to tell you that , but keep it on !, 
  what is the original size of your beautiful drawing ? 
  there is a 50 + pages thread on the console support forum that includes users playing on pc for this issue . 
  they are trying some workarounds with little success . 
  people can send their save file to ubi for further analysis ( and fix ? 
  i have n't heard any getting fixed directly by them though ) . 
  i started over and constantly backup my files now . 
  you can work around it . 
  after each gaming session check if your current file is still working . 
  if so , back it up , if not load your previous backup . 
  the bug is triggered by some uplay content/achievement unlock so it can be avoided . 
  your title is pretty uninformative though . 
  maybe that 's why . 
  i think you can refer to this bug as the 90 % loading screen bug . 
  yeah more people are coming , and they closed the similar pc thread redirecting to this one , as the bug is not platform dependant ( although solutions might be ) . 
  is it just me or is the page loading really slowly ? 
  by default they should be in c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ ubisoft \\ ubisoft game launcher \\ savegames . 
  the savegames folder is located in the installation folder of uplay . 
  inside , you should find a folder with a long name ( that probably corresponds to the uplay account you are using , mine starts with b792bb1d-e618-etc ) and inside , another folder ( or list of folders ) named with numbers that correspond to your uplay games . 
  i have a single folder named 274 inside which there are my watch dogs save files . 
  i copy the whole 274 folder and keep a copy elsewhere . 
  what i do is , each time i ** load ** into the game , that confirms i have n't fucked up my save , so i back up the file i just loaded . 
  you do n't have to do it systematically but maybe the first time you play every day to keep a fresh backup . 
  so far so good , i have now largely caught up on my first save which i started on the 27th . 
  i have n't had to use my backup , but i avoid uplay items/cars which seem to trigger the bug when you unlock/buy them . 
  if at some point you realize your game does n't load anymore , copy your previous backup and paste it in your savegames folder . 
  uplay might offer you to chose between the cloud files ( which would be synchronized with your corrupted save ) and your local files , which you should pick as they are the healthy backup you just restored . 
  your game will load your healthy backup and uplay will normally save them into the cloud . 
  you do n't have to bother with this if you deactivated cloud on uplay . 
  i find the scene so funny . 
  `` you 'll never get me alive '', 
  yep , this is the best way to avoid online interactions like invasions without messing up your notoriety . 
  it 's perfect for peaceful session where you just want to play the campaign . 
  for me , i get invaded when i start queuing for hacking . 
  if i get a hacking mission , afterward i often get invaded in the following 15 min . 
  and another sex change would be nice . 
  you could make another reddit post , thanks for editing !, 
  why fjriodkyeslpamks , n w\u00e8\u00e9 ' ( t !, 
  yeah do n't worry you 're not alone , i regularly find rainbowgod stupid . 
  casting ... or coaching ? 
  you do n't need mmr reset , you need fucking calibration periods . 
  the current model assumes that people have a skill level that evolves smoothly , which is completely inaccurate . 
  people need to be able to climb up or down the mmr ladder fast sometimes , in short periods . 
  without seasons / re-calibration periods the sc2 ladder would be garbage . 
  b l o g b o y s, 
  yep , thing is today relationships can not be compared to our grandparents . 
  if you do , consider that unless you give up studying at 14-16 , you can add a good 5-10 years to their original timing . 
  also , i think it is fairly common for 40 + people to get to a point in lets say a year of relationship where it would take 5 or 10 for a couple in their 20s . 
  i actually think that the situation you describe is perfectly normal . 
  the question `` why ? '', 
  in science can not be answered by much other than this , which is `` because our models say so '' , or `` because the equations can be derived to this '' . 
  feynman says a world about this when answering the question [ `` why do magnets work the way they work '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo0r930sn_8 ) . 
  people completely neglect the pace at which the mmr evolves . 
  sure , you can converge to your true mmr even if the metric is inaccurate and people do n't play at constant mmr . 
  your true average mmr can be estimated by many games with the elo qualibration system . 
  but if it takes a year ( i 'm still at 60 + % winrate and still gaining mmr since they introduced it ) to reach it really is n't satisfying enough . 
  speed of convergence can be as critical as convergence itself . 
  another way to see it is how many point you win or lose per match . 
  if it 's always the maximum value it means the system is not accurate anough and could be replaced with a system that rewards each voctory or loss with a single point instead of scaling it on 25 points . 
  and it means you have no way to compare teams between each others beside `` x better than y '' or the opposite , with no possibility to quantify the skill discrepancy . 
  eh , as say say , `` i 'll believe in internal beauty the day my dick will have an eye '' . 
  also this yeah , coupled with seasons ( and thus calibration matches that come with each of them ) , makes the match making much more dynamic . 
  in sc2 the strength of the people you fought against really mattered . 
  if you got beaten by someone lower than you , it would have much harder consequences on your ranking than losing against , say someone a league above you . 
  in dota 2 , whether i stomp , get stomped , or get an even match , win or loss , it 's always 24-25 points . 
  well to me it 's exactly what / u/garblesnarky answered . 
  there is no intuitive explaination as `` why is there a square in the equation '' , because that what you get when deriving primordial principles/equations . 
  the only thing you could give is the derivation itself , but this is not intuition . 
  you answer by describing what happens during an experiment to explain the two ways energy depends on velocity . 
  you give the intuition that follows the modeling , but you do n't answer to `` why does energy depend on velocity on two ways ? '' . 
  what you quoted is more about `` how '' than `` why '' i would say . 
  you build the derivation from intuition ( you define the primordial quantities so the mathematically behave like you observe they do physically ) , but once it 's there , the intuition can not be hold as an answer to `` why '' . 
  to me , the only justification is `` it naturally mathematically derives from superior principles , and fits the observation '' . 
  intuition helps the mind accepting the equation , but you ca n't justify something derived from superior principles just by saying that it matches observation . 
  but i definitely understands the computation and the intuition proposed , having studied several years newtonian physics and being a young researcher in applied maths . 
  i was arguing on their value as an answer to `` why '' . 
  you could do that , you could also lose several games in a row and go down in leagues quickly , so you 'd get easier games . 
  but in any case you would n't play at a lower ranking than yours very long , maybe two or three weeks . 
  i remember chaining three or four victories would mean you 'd meet much better players almost immediately . 
  also , if you play on a low mmr account , you would meet essentially low mmr opponents that would lose a moderate amount of point from a loss against you . 
  you can tell he 's trying his best , too . 
  please show tattoo pic . 
  and a single session is enough . 
  dude stop hating on pandas , they are our only hope for worldwide peace . 
  i mean , they 're both black , white , and asian, 
  well , it 's the most attractive country of the world in term of numbers of migrant . 
  so you got ta be selective , even if it makes things harder for some people that deserve a visa anyway . 
  i played for eight years starting at the release with maybe a total of two years break in between . 
  i would play between 5 and 30 hours a week :o, 
  not only this , but today it 's the place where most people want to migrate . 
  the voice chat is horrible .
