  that 's why he will be willing to give sasuke rinnegan . 
  - zetsu is likely going to play a last role when sasuke will need senju cell . 
  i know we have n't seen him for a while but even though he was pined down by the big ass sword when trying to attack the officials at the begining of the war , he likely needs more than this to die . 
  i doubt many things will get lost in translation . 
  i 'll try to explain why . 
  the human race has started exploring space few decades ago . 
  the universe is 12-14 billions years old . 
  there is two possibilities :, 
  - one is that the state of advaced technology is unstable . 
  it means there is no way to find a durable way of development passed a given level of technology . 
  in this case no specie will never be able to explore space ( like travel faster than light and explore other solar systemes like our , or vice versa ) because they will fuck their environment/society first . 
  for us it would mean deadly global warming , or global nuclear war , you get my point . 
  - another is that this advanced tech state is stable , and allow to push to faster-than-light travel , and meet alien species . 
  but in this case , it is extremely unlikely that we are the first to achieve such state of space traveling tech . 
  the solar systeme is 5bn years old , and our specie only took a few hendreds of thousand years to develop . 
  we are actually certainly the latest specie to have gained acces to space travel . 
  but this also means that the other species have been treaveling into space for thousands , millions , or tenth of millions years !!, 
  they are inconceivably more advanced than us , and we probably look like stupid monkeys playing with our poop to them . 
  in this case i highly doubt the alien would have any difficulty to understand what music is , nor decrypt instantly all our writings . 
  i find this reply accurate and i would like to add a practical example on how spatial dimensions depend on the scale at which you are observing them . 
  think about an orange . 
  from afar , it looks like a sphere , which is a 2-dimension space . 
  in events of a scale significantly larger than the scale of the orange , the orange would interact with other objects like a sphere . 
  but if you take a closer look you will see the texture of the orange 's skin , the relief of the skin apearing now as a third dimension . 
  this is in particular how sting teories explain how the universe could be composed by a temporal dimension and more than just 3 spatial dimension , the other dimensions being folded at too small scale for us to interact with them . 
  the same idea applies to why earth looks flat when you are a human standing on its surface . 
  it is the same way that some theories about the shape of the universe explain that it could actually be limited , but without border : it would make it something like not a 2-dimension sphere , but a 1-temporal +3 - spatial dimension sphere-like ( we do n't expect it to be spherical actually but it makes it easier to see ) space . 
  yes !, 
  the sphere is a 2d space , requiring 2 spatial parameters to describe a position ( well you have a problem at the poles but fuck the poles ) . 
  it has a weird shape but it is still 2d . 
  there is a difference between a sphere and a ball , mathematecally speaking . 
  a ball is the 3d volume and a sphere is the shell of the ball . 
  the ball is defined as the points at a distance from the center inferior or equal to the radius , the sphere is the set of points of distance exactly equal to the radius . 
  another way is , again , to think in coordinates . 
  to describe a position on the sphere , you only need for instance two angles , like lattitude and longitude . 
  but to position a point in the ball , you need a third coordinate , often its distance from the center . 
  this difference of topology becomes very interesting when you think for example about the shortest path between two points . 
  in an euclidian space , the shortest path between two points of the ball is the straight line that links them . 
  but if you restrain yourself to the sphere , you can not `` cut '' through the sphere because you would precisely get out of it !, 
  so you have to follow a curved path . 
  i would gladly give you wikipedia links but i am in china and it 's blocked !, 
  just look at polar coordinates , and geodesics . 
  i should have said : `` what i call sphere is ... '' , you 're right !, 
  also i want to point out that in french mathematical vocabulary , sphere always refers to the shell of the ball . 
  it is actually the truth for any non-perfect optical system . 
  in a perfect optical system , each ray of light coming from a ponctual source would be projected into the same point by the optical system . 
  but any real optical system - like our eye - actually forms a small blur of the point instead of an exact point . 
  this is neglectible for people without vision problem . 
  for short sighted , this phenomen is amplified , thus the blurred vision . 
  by doing this , you simply reduce the number of rays that reach your eye . 
  so you do lose in terme of contrast ( i.e. 
  you get less light so the image is less `` bright '' , roughly ) but you reduce the blur formed by the multiple rays . 
  it is , by the wqy , the exqact same process that what futurama fry is doing in the meme . 
  when you semi-close your eyes , this is exactly what makes you able to see better , especially when you are short sighted . 
  it even seems like mr spiral was * designed * for obito , because of the spiral ending at the level of the right eye . 
  madara already developed the rinnegans when he met obito , and he already gave them to nagato . 
  he says himself that he gave his eyes to someone else and that the single sharingan he has when meeting obito is a spare one . 
  my guess about that is that madara was too weak to actually use the rinnegans , so he had to give them to nagato in order to be rivived by him later at full health . 
  yes i feel like madara 's rinnegan , nagato 's rinnegan and finally the one that wear tobi are the same ( well we know tobi took his from nagato ) . 
  the reason why i feel like this is a unique pair of eyes is that those are too powerful to be `` so easy '' to develop . 
  nagato is likely far from having experienced the same that madara experienced . 
  to me it seems logical for those ultime eyes to have been developed only by one of the greatest ninja , madara , and then passed on to madara 's disciples so they could take care of his plan after his death - including reviving him . 
  i do n't see nagato developing himself the eyes . 
  also , as the sharingan requires lots of chakra to function , my guess is that rinnegans are also very chakra consuming , thus madara was ( or became ? 
  we still do n't know much about the circunstances he developped the rinnegans ) too weak to use them . 
  that being say , i get a little confused about nagato 's rinnegan . 
  is n't there some flashback about nagato 's youth where he activates the rinnegan to kill the ninjas that accidentally killed his parents , at a very young age ? 
  in france as far as i know , if a statement is outside of the boundaries of the law , only the paragraph caontaining it is voided . 
  tom cruise . 
  in the two last ps # naruto videogames , tenten is from far the most frustrating opponent to face , for a simple reason : you can beat virtually anyone without much trouble with her . 
  everyone just dies under her merciless storm of kunai and traps and whatnot . 
  phew ... !, 
  when i read the beginning of the title i thought `` crap , another genius is dead '' . 
  i know i am a bit late but i have a great way to deal with the nose dryness that ensues fanatic nose blowing : simply put some balm ( is it the correct world ? 
  i mean the thing you put on your lips to hydrate them to prevent them from chaping when it 's cold ) on the edge of your nostril . 
  you can use your fingers to spread it slightly on the inner side of the nostril . 
  yes i agree . 
  sasuke getting the rinnegan would be a very convenient way to bring him up to naruto 's level . 
  also , it is somehting very compatible with what happens with sasuke and orochimaru . 
  to me , the scroll found by suigetsu is about something that oro wanted to do once he got sasuke 's body . 
  oro always said that he wanted to understand the so6p 's power so the scroll might be just the instructions to get the rinnegan . 
  so it would n't surprise me to see him bring sasuke to the one ( s ? ), 
  who knows everything and get the rinnegan . 
  he is obviously too weak to make a complete come back but might carry on his knowledge through this act . 
  i highly doubt genetics plays an important role here just because how mixed the populations are . 
  i think you could find lots of jews with few non-jew close relatives . 
  also in the other way , many non-jew people would have inherited this genes from a random jew ancestor . 
  i definitely think that it is the way the religion is taught that greatly influenced the general intellectual development of jewish populations . 
  i do n't really see what the family values are doing in the list , but for me the major factor in jews ` history is that jews have to learn how to read hebrew . 
  i think this was the basis for this population to remain bounded and cultivated along the times . 
  today it might not look that peculiar but one or two thousand years ago it was crucial . 
  metal gear solid . 
  actually i did finish it once and got the stealth module , but i had to beat it a second time to get the infinite ammo bandana ( whether you get one or the other depends on if you resist to torture or not ) . 
  my last cd got scratched and my game froze each time when i deat liquid on the top of the metal gear rex . 
  impossible to finish . 
  i think it is easier to understand this from orochimaru 's point of view . 
  what he said he wanted to do is know everything and understand so6p 's jutsu , and one of the central elements of his powers are rinnegans . 
  that is why he wanted an uchiha body . 
  now when sasuke reads the scroll , he says something like `` he had all planned from the begining '' talking about oro . 
  my guess is that the scroll contains something orochimaru wanted to do/use once he would have got sasuke 's body .
