  you just do it . 
  it 's a major patch so it is actually likely to meet some troubles . 
  i 've spent few years on eve online that got two major patches per years ( one included a complete revamp of the graphic game engine , one other would change all starship texture and physics etc ) and frequently they would have difficulties that would delay the process . 
  `` patch day , no play '' . 
  the thing though is that ccp was usually pretty active to tell us what was going on . 
  this is n't a quote , i made it up ^ ^, 
  you can use it how you want , i 'll get my royalties in upvote please . 
  yes !, 
  i would like to comment on the white-noise soundtrack . 
  i actually made one for myself . 
  i was in a noisy environment and needed to focus . 
  i generated a white noise sound track and simply put my headphone on . 
  i played the soundtrack loud enough to cover other sounds ( not hard with good headphones ) . 
  the thing is that brain does n't interpret white noise at all , while any other noise would draw some attention . 
  my method worked well but require the white noise to really cover other sources . 
  the brain stop focusing on it and it creats a sensation of silence . 
  yes i agree !, 
  random does n't mean harmless and by definition the white noise contains as many high frequencies than low frequencies . 
  i do n't understand why you recommend earplugs though . 
  the sound from my headphone is more balanced than my earplugs and the isolating aspect of the headphones allows to reduce the level of the sound required to cover the surrounding noise . 
  it would be too much , if you let roach speed upgrade at lair too . 
  maybe switch the two and let speed roach be a late game update , so that slow roaches + speed hydras is a possible compo for mid game ( i think it makes the hydra go as fast as slow roaches off creep ) . 
  that kind of post disappeared precisely because the subreddit was flooded with such posts until very recently , 
  yep , what you mention is more likely a consequence of the `` real issues '' rather than causes . 
  this is even more true when you know that hots has both huge potential and significant balance to be done . 
  they need people and time to test and adjust their new features . 
  the beta is already extremely fun to play but i am glad they plan on releasing in few months . 
  this is what blizzard targets with groups . 
  groups are going to be implemented in hots , now that clans have . 
  groups aim at bringing together people with common interest like a custom maps . 
  i think that blizzard already put a chat dedicated to each arcade map . 
  i really do n't understand why the energy upgrade is still here . 
  it was removed for high templar and i feel like removing it for infestors would solve the problem we 're having right now . 
  what your are refering to was actually a major question of physics partially answered during the 20th century : is light a wave , or is it made of particles . 
  quantum physics provided tools and experiments to determine that light would interact as one or the other depending on the experiment . 
  i think this question is one of the most fascinating in physics . 
  if you need you can take a look at this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wave%e2%80%93particle_duality, 
  can you develop why you think it would n't ? 
  a good way to defend broodlords from blink stalkers is actually fungal growth that allow ground unit to clean the stalkers very easily if they come too close . 
  same for vickings that clump up and get destroyed by the mighty fungal . 
  removing pathogen glands would reduce greatly the number of fungal available , especially when the zerg has lost all his infestors and just had to reproduce them . 
  i agree with that but it seems they are n't even http://minus.com/ljf6grnzqbjwh, 
  zerg appears to be consistently stronger versus protoss , and is still ~ half of the time the strongest race of the month . 
  insta warp in can be crucial to defend from medivac drop with ht but i get your point . 
  nonetheless , infestors can burrow and 2 shots a complete mineral line in less time that it takes to warp in some defensive units . 
  and once the first fungal landed , there is nothing that can be done to dodge the second . 
  also , there is a way to deny ht warp in during battle , by destroying proxy pylons . 
  ht are extremely slow so they would take a while to reach the battle from a pylon from an expand for instance , depending on where the battle takes place . 
  infestors are much faster and can reinforce a battle and change its course more easily . 
  pathogen glands becomes useful in late game when you lose your infestors and have to rebuild them . 
  being able to keep the infestors alive from mid to late late game is not easy to achieve but pathogen upgrade nullifies this . 
  on creep , an infestor can reach a battle really fast . 
  you can deny warp in of ht by destroying proxy pylons , or fighting on creep . 
  the big problem with pathogen glands is that it allows you to rebuild a shitload of infestors in late late game even if you lost all your infestors just before . 
  lots of time you see a zerg player taking a game because he manages to get out a pack of ready-to-fungal infestors that appear much more powerfull that a handful of gateway unit warped in as emergency back up for instance . 
  i could n't find anything better . 
  if you have better sources , do n't hesitate to share !, 
  i have n't heard from any protoss pro gamer not having a hard time versus late pvz . 
  i would be very surprised if protoss had currently indeed an advantage on zerg ( in term of statistics , not balance ) . 
  i agree with your vision of `` boring fungal '' but removing pathogen glands would reduce the number of fungal , thus making it less systematic , and less boring . 
  making it more exceptional would make it more epic i guess . 
  well , you are indeed supposed to have got detection at this point , but protoss has the weakest detectors from all ( scan cant be denied , and overseer are more robut/cheap/fast to build than obs ) so it is still difficult to have detection at all your nexus in late game . 
  also fast overlord droping infestors is not utilized for now in opposition to ht warp prism drops so it is hard to tell if it is n't efficient . 
  but in several maps you have a way to sneak to a nexus without having to go through ennemi detection . 
  we reach a difficult point here as it comes down to how different race macro work . 
  protoss can warp in ht almost immediately , but then the warpgates has a significant cooldown , but also the number of warpgates is in general smaller compared to hatcheries ( which is normal as zerg always had a larger production capability ) . 
  when you are on 12-16 gates ( so 3-4 bases roughly ) you have to decide between costly powerfull templars or cheap t1/t1 .5 gateway units . 
  at this point i feel like a zerg have much less trouble , being able to spawn 10 infestors at a time if needed . 
  yes they do . 
  i do n't remember who ( edit : parting , thank you horizonshadow ) it was , but a korean claimed to have more than 70 pvz matches where he always won with that immo/sentry all in . 
  it is actually extremely efficient and requires to be fully scouted and reacted accordingly . 
  the pro gamer claimed that he had a secret that made this build unbeatable . 
  i doubt it really is but today that kind of all in surprisingly looks like a safer strategy than to hope to win in late game . 
  compared to ht they are like speedlings on cocaine, 
  thank you , that 's him . 
  i discovered it last week and ... 
  i can only agree with you . 
  i always played fps but my thing is rts and strategy games . 
  it is just awesome to see how both can be combined so well . 
  i just have complains about the client stability and interface . 
  i know the soft is young but this is the kind of thing that could have been fixed during beta phase . 
  the two biggest problems i am encountering right know are ctd ( crash to desktop ) and the impossibility to group with friends to join a server together . 
  beside that it is already one of my favorite multiplayers games . 
  we already do this , let one of the group join and everyone then follow him . 
  thing is , when we are 2-3 , we join servers that are often almost full and regularly ore or two do n't get in . 
  as there is no steam-friend feature in the game interface it can become a bit hard to deal with . 
  i think something like what they have in l4d2 for instance , would be nice . 
  there is very few things in the friend menu , just the list of friends playing and the server they 're in , and the possibility to join or create as a group . 
  i 'm new on ns2 so i do n't really know how people behave regarding server choice . 
  i understand you need a trial game before the server gets to its critical mass where games can be chained . 
  it 's not that funny when you replace the ball with your hand and when you are 12 years old and when kitty decided it was the time to practice her expert killing skills . 
  i still can see the scar across my hand . 
  i am also surprised that everyone considers that et madara is indeed invincible . 
  yes , he broke the et link and managed to stay after kabuto canceled et by just snapping his fingers . 
  but i still think that this technique has a weakness , like any technique . 
  i beleive that it is linked to soul transfer and thus rinnegans , so we might see someone beat madara with rinnegan ( naruto or sasuke most likely ) and exploiting the weakness of et in opposition to just seal him again to the death god . 
  the story has to come back to them at some point . 
  also , like noblev says , i feel like if anyone can find the weakness of et madara , it is them . 
  orochimaru always pursued the power of the so6p , in particular the power on soul transfer . 
  he was obsessed with it , and certainly aimed at obtaining the rinnegan at some point .
