  thank you gentlemen !, 
  i am a lifelong atheist but honestly , it kinda sucks to have to deal with the idea of death all by yourself . 
  this idea is so terrifying and destabilizing that if you did n't build a family before dying , it seems almost natural to `` find jesus '' . 
  i d n't like hearing a cellphone ringing , but the most iritating thing i seem to be the only one to be sensitive to is sms-ringtone , usually a high `` ting '' happening several dozens of time in an hour when someone is having a conversation through text messages . 
  ffs people , buzzers are already loud enough -_-, 
  i have looked at it and op explains he does n't know where or show to fond one . 
  op it seems you are getting a hard time to feel confortable in public setups . 
  even if a d\u00e9cades-long therapy is not necessary the only answer possible , toi could use a few sessions with a therapist a lot . 
  a good way to find one is to simply ask to your physician . 
  it is a very common source of trouble and i do n't doubt you could find a therapist that fits you even if you see him/her a few time . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  i saw him at the nice jazz festival in 2009 . 
  it was awesome . 
  even if the difference between young , midle-adged and old bb king is obvious , i could never call it a worsening . 
  when i play on my es-335 i can not help to have a thought for that big old man . 
  i feel very similar to you . 
  my understanding is the following : we , human , are aware that our life is timed . 
  but this idead comes also with a feeling of immortality . 
  in fact , you experience much more the second than the first one . 
  i know that i am particularly susceptible to develop that kind of depressing thoughts when it is close to bed time . 
  i also know that going to sleep is for me very closely related to this idea of `` end of thoughts '' . 
  sometimes when i 'm laying in bed waiting for sleep , i get that feel . 
  the worst of all . 
  that i wil end . 
  i am not religious at all so there is nothing to confort me , except what i just told you . 
  i know that i feel almost always immortal - just forgetting about my mortality . 
  i know i can achieve wonderful things in a lifetime - even if they are not published in history books . 
  i know i have ways to burry that negative thought in my mind , but i also recognize this thought as a dual component of my energy of life , combined with the impression of immortality . 
  my mind is the most precious thing i could think of , because i need it to think to anything else . 
  i know it will go away one day , and this super-sucks . 
  but it also make us stronger to be aware of that . 
  nope sorry this is n't paul :d, 
  haha no !, 
  i studied applied probabilities , statistics , optimization , signal/image processing and machine learning . 
  so there is basically a lot of thing i could do , like what i am doing right now , but i could also work on general video or image compression/processing ( like integrating the most recent techniques of my field in common codecs , or develop the techniques themself so they could be integrated later ) , or i could work on economy data ( learning stock price evolution for instance ) , i could work with any big company that needs smart huge/complex data sets processing ( like google , facebook ... ) , i could go in a biology/life science lab to help develop imaging techniques . 
  i could work with the army helping them detect nuclear test on seismic data , or improving their drone camera , or satellite imaging ... 
  i doubt i will stay in the field of astrophysics my whole career because there is so much to do outside of it . 
  also it is very important for an applied mathematician to cross different fields of applications so ideas could be translated from one to another . 
  the thing is that people usually do n't really get what working on optimization , applied stats/proba and algorithms means , so they focus on the application field and often miss the real objet of the science i am doing . 
  you can see it as a way to take back control of her own body . 
  actually this is why i would not tatoo myself , because i think it is taking too much control . 
  but for that kind of circumstance , it could be very helpful . 
  i wish you the best for someone who experienced such a traumatic event . 
  i hope you will sort it out and rebirth from your ashes as a magnificent phoenix . 
  hang on popjohnson . 
  i have a very close friend that is affected by crohn 's disease , at a `` moderate to severe '' level . 
  he is on a heavy probiotics `` treatment '' . 
  i uses quotes because what he takes is [ kambucha ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kombucha ) , something between 2 and 5 bottles a day i guess . 
  he has its own culture , basically two large glass jars like you can see on the wiki page . 
  once a week , he takes the juice out and put it in bottles , and refill the jars . 
  he mixes the juice with tea and other flavoring ingredients and he told me that this treatment had changed his life . 
  the refilling process does not exceed one hour , it 's pretty easy . 
  if you are interested , read [ this article ] ( http://www.crohns.net/miva/education/articles/probiotics_in_the_treatment_of_crohns_disease.shtml ) . 
  beside the sky being gone , anything i should notice ? 
  maybe the very bright enlightning ? 
  snails !, 
  before puking on your keyboard , read this : snail are always prepared with a sauce . 
  for a huge majority of the time , this is a delicious garlic sauce . 
  you have snails presented this way : http://storage.canalblog.com/91/98/80120/12315022.jpg, 
  the green muddy thing that seems to come out of the snails shell is the sauce . 
  it is actually esentially oil and garlic , or butter and garlic . 
  you extract the snail with a snail fork and eat it with a bit of the sauce . 
  then , you turn over the shell . 
  this is very important . 
  the snail itself is tasteless , and has a texture very similar to muscle . 
  once you are out of snails , it begins . 
  grab a fresh baguette and dip it in the mother fucking garlic mud that has come out of the shells ( because you turned them over . 
  see ? 
  see ? ) . 
  then , it is all blury , but all i remember is having heaven in my mouth . 
  if you do n't like garlic you may find some with wine sauce for instance . 
  but garlic snails is the real stuff . 
  yes i agree . 
  i do n't understand why the search tool of reddit is so shitty . 
  i am not a programer myself so i could n't blame anyone , but 99 % of the time i have to use google imposing a search in reddit.com because reddit search tool fails miserably . 
  works obviously when typing site : reddit.com/r/thesubreddityouareinterestedin . 
  it should even allow subreddit combination using / r/sub1 + sub2 + sub3 ... 
  edit : typo becquse i keep szitching betzeen qwerty qnd azerty keyboqrd qll dqy long <, 
  well , this or you underestimate the act of getting a tatoo . 
  everyone has their point of view i guess . 
  to me it is a very significant and strong act . 
  you modify your body , this is not something meaningless to me . 
  it is soooo tempting to keep firing with the power of a billion lightnings . 
  and yet so frustrating when you do so . 
  i really enjoy how they restored the accuracy feeling ( hitboxes , spray , etc ) similarly to 1.6 . 
  sraffing + short burst is so sexy when you end up with a nice headshot . 
  to give a more general answer , usually there is two or three choke points in every map where the two teams would fight . 
  so at the beginning of a round , people from your team will usually break into smaller groups heading for those choke points . 
  you can follow them , or try and hide precisely not in a choke point hoping to take someone by surprise . 
  of course some map have specific set up not following that rule . 
  you can also follow an experienced person from your team ( just look at their score ) . 
  thanks , 
  i do n't know why but i just noticed you reply . 
  if i could ( i am a student and leaving in my own place i would n't be around anough to take good enough care of him/her ) i would take a second cat . 
  when you lose a friend , you have other friends to move on with . 
  when you lose your pet i feel like getting another one is a way to move on . 
  my thoughts are with you friend . 
  a friend 's ex-girlfriend was often joining us when we played wii together . 
  we used to regularly yell `` gangbang '' when one of us got blasted by someone else . 
  so the girl started doing so , quite vigorously .
