  there we go i endend up making a mistake reading letters and all . 
  not a good idea to do such thing while coding in the meantime !, 
  it 's ok i 'll heal my brain with all the money i 'll make from the nobel prize ( i 'm almost at the top of the alphabet ) . 
  as a parisien , move out of my way ans i wo n't bite . 
  not native speaker , could you explain this last one ? 
  ok so i got this part , but i wondered how this is related to dota ? 
  is it because i 've seen chen being called chin a few times ? 
  or maybe it 's just a plain insult , which would also fit with the character :d, 
  haha ok , i d'dnt know what to expect . 
  also i 've never called/heard anyone `` the guy with all the chins '' , i 'm not an asshole : o, 
  when does she say that ?!, 
  i 've never heard anything similar from the classic announcer ... !, 
  i actually will enjoy having a bit of second degree about failure ingame . 
  the games can become very intense and tensed , and a bit of cold sarcasm can be helpful to lower the pressure . 
  i want to see six boots kotl . 
  not only would it mean one per feet/paw involved , but i 've heard that it is actually quite viable , due to the very specific nature of this hero . 
  fuck it , i get confused calling animal parts in my native language , i feel i have the right to fuck this up also in english . 
  think of the kittens !, 
  seriously , there is a decent probability i 've learned that on / r/cats . 
  also , i feel this is a particularly hard topic for non native speakers , because each language ha its own exceptions ( for instance in french , you use the same terms for human limbs and for horses limbs , but not for cows because that 'd be too easy ) . 
  yeah i remember these :d, 
  thanks , makes more sense now . 
  i always feel like my target sees the beam and dodges it :(, 
  well , i 've been living in paris for decades and i never heard about this term \\ ^ \\ ^ ', 
  yup , dota 2 network down here , eu . 
  i 'm usually not interested in the discussions `` x is better than y '' , but i do n't know much of lol . 
  what do you see here you could n't do in lol ? 
  you ca n't eat trees in lol ... then where 's the fun ? 
  in france we get 100/40 for 30e ( including free landline and a few dozens tv channels ) . 
  you can add a 15e subscrition for a cell phone line with everything unlimited beside 3go for data ( including several dozens of countries that are free to call ) . 
  / u/verbosity just posted the link !, 
  it is sitting right under your comment but you might not have seen it . 
  when i win games with brood ( as solo hard , i have won solo mid since 6.79 ) we usually win by taking down the raxes on my lane . 
  brood is supposed to open a lane for you tu push easily and with its new web buff , it 's even easier to keep control of the ennemy lane , and jungle when their tiers 1 tower is down . 
  look at purge 's most recent axe mid video . 
  he rapes doom with a couple of spins so easily . 
  i agree with you . 
  you mean the twitch video almost got the time to buffer ? 
  she remains a squishy hero relying on invis to survive . 
  if she stays around the creep wave to last hit you can definitely catch hier . 
  something i really like is the increase of the size or her webs . 
  now you rotate quite easily , as a single web is already enough to ensure a minimum or space . 
  combined with cliff walking , i really feel like one or two webs are enough where you would need three or four before ( and the associated cast/cooldown time ) . 
  nothing close from it actually . 
  they sing in harmony , but each of their line is heavily post-processed ( not only auto-tuned , but compressed , rebalanced , with reverb , probably pitch correction , and other saturation effect ) . 
  also , displaying artificially high required spec makes people think the game is high end , and pushes toward buying next gen consoles . 
  they actually are wasting around 50-60 $ of hardware in ram , this is nonsense . 
  they are wasting 50 $ of hardware to counter cheating . 
  not sure if this is worth it . 
  reporting after using it for a few weeks : i hate that bitch now . 
  i often talk back to her when she goes too far . 
  like we are losing , and manage to still take a pair of rax down . 
  `` do n't get cocky '' . 
  fuck you . 
  how secure is that ? 
  i mean , i love people helping other by spreading solutions like this , but i always worry about small apps that can `` access your data on all websites '' when it does n't seem necessary . 
  could you elaborate please ? 
  it 's unfortunate that chrome requires the highest data access permission , but you convinced me it would n't try and steal m ' y precious private data of cat pictures and boobs . 
  it will counter a part of cheaters , but i agree , it 's still not worth it . 
  but it 's not a pure waste . 
  edit : turns out , the memory is just reserved and not actually used so i was wrong saying it wastes hardware resources . 
  it still makes you think it uses much more resources than it actually does ), 
  i am only talking in term of used hardware resources . 
  the game does not only pretend to use so much ram , it actually uses the memory , filling it with nonsense bits . 
  so the game is more hardware consuming , and will use hardware resources that could be used otherwise by other programs . 
  you would not get the benefits of having upgraded from 4 to 8gb if the game needlessly uses this memory . 
  it would be a pure waste . 
  i agree with you , 8gb is becoming a standard on gaming desktops and its makes complete sense to upgrade , cod or not , but this is not exactly my point . 
  indeed , the memory is n't actually used , i was wrong on this part . 
  i had n't read the comment you linked . 
  then , the argument is just questionable from a marketing point of view if the game never actually uses the memory it reserves ( and pretends to require ) . 
  yes , your analogy makes sense . 
  working on algorithm design myself ( but not at such a low level in temr of memory access etc ) i definitely understands the need to reserve memory . 
  while i agree on backdoor protection making backdooring more difficult , clinkz still has one of the highest tower dps of the game . 
  if you have orchid , the enemy team really has to send several heroes to stop you from split pushing , otherwise you can easily kill and keep pushing . 
  and mana regen , which you really need . 
  orchid remains much better for clinkz due to the double sage 's masks progression that stacks very well with the absolute bonus from basi/aquila . 
  but usually when i reach free roam stage with clinkz my main issue will be mana . 
  oops !, 
  it makes sense , i guess . 
  so it 's more like : aquila is enough for early game , but i prefer the early double sage 's mask to orchid build compared to the sheep build . 
  same here , last night i had a whole game over 100ms with lots of animation not showing . 
  it made the game impossible to play ( go last hit with gyro under a tower in these conditions ) . 
  since 6.79 there is a huge proportion of games where i do n't see some animations but if you add the lag then it 's not playable . 
  in starcraft 2 you can disable abilities button so that you can only use them with their hotkeys . 
  it 's crucial to learn to use hotkeys !, 
  thanks . 
  i will remake a post . 
  unfortunately i am just starting trading and i wanted to start with a stock of keys so i decided to sell this courier ( that i luckily dropped when opening a chest one day ! ) . 
  i am afraid i am not interested in anything but keys for this one . 
  are you aware that farts are constituted of gaz ? 
  you cant fart bacteria through your pants . 
  depends on your sample i guess . 
  the huge majority of cops i have met , in friendly or not-so-friendly situation , were decent people doing their job . 
  exactly what i do for the website i want to support like progamer stream or reddit . 
  also , you can easily manually block an add/menu/whatever that would n't have been caught by adblock with a right click and two more clicks to select the part to block . 
  patch day , no play . 
  just general overload , i guess . 
  diretide , but not only . 
  two new heroes , a huge work on the market and crafting and the coach mode .
