  i personally find a large majority of the links there hateful against christians , and even if they were n't , i come on reddit to see cute cats , interesting/fun pictures and articles , and how to eventually survive in the case where someone had accidentally genetically crossed birds and spider and led to a massive invasion of horrible flying monsters . 
  i understand that this topic can be ( very ) important for some people , but i really think that it should be a choice to subscribe to it as it is for other religion-related subs . 
  if you try to classify the psychological structure of a child of that kind of age , you will find that most of them would be identified as polymorph pervert . 
  this is normal , because kids do n't have all the experience and knowledge to form a more classic structure . 
  i have several psychiatrists and phychologists very close to me in my family . 
  i am sorry for not providing sources as i am not an expert myself . 
  that kind of question drastically evolves during pre-teen period . 
  taking him to a therapist to talk about both questions of bullying and the sexual question would be from far the most efficient thing to do as a parent in my humble opinion . 
  therapists have seen thousands of similar cases , as that kind of question is almost systematic for children . 
  some of them speak about it with their parents , others do n't . 
  the sexual identity is far from being related to who your son is confortable with at school . 
  the mother presence might be more important factor but all of this should be discussed with a therapist . 
  think about it as you would think about the brain development : kids have a very flexible brain , and the brain cells need some time and experience to organise more structurally . 
  actually yes , they do . 
  it is the name of the third big class of structures : pervert , nevrotic , and psychotic . 
  the thing is , it has a totally different meaning and use than the same world in common language . 
  the `` perv '' term you would use to call someone with deviant behavior has only few in common with the psy structure of the same name . 
  actually there is a huge proportion of `` pervs '' who just express a strong form of nevrotic structure . 
  hey there ,, 
  like sadaye just said , this girl need helps . 
  it is hard to tell a priori what is the source of her troubles , but it is obvious something is malfunctioning . 
  now , you tell me you let her 3 years and that she loves you . 
  there is two possibilities :, 
  - to her , your relationship is not worth overcoming her difficulties -  not very likely as it has been a very long time you 've been together , and you seem pretty confident of your mutual investment in this relationship, 
  - she has indeed tried everything she could until now to overcome her issue , but could n't . 
  in that case , you can wait for her eventually one day to solve her problem by herself . 
  be aware that this could happen in ten hours , ten days , ten years , or never . 
  the problem is you are out of patience and it already has been a very long time since she 's been struggling with it . 
  the last thing to do is get some profesional help , and i am pretty sure she could use it , a lot . 
  but in this case , you have to be aware that this is a slow process , and i do n't think your relationship could survive to this , even if i know very little about you two . 
  i 'd suggest you practice your stamina like you trained your running . 
  just practice , repeat , you 'll be able to last much longer when getting used to it . 
  please , i am begging you ... give us the secret of donuts d :, 
  like this ? 
  i think it is more : father who killed his 5 year old daughter 's alleged sexual abuser proven to be in his legal rights , and thus will not be charged . 
  i was very tempted to say that too . 
  stories say that his manager pushed him to do hard drugs and produce rock music but that he was more and more thinking about writing music for classical formations ( classical orchestra etc ) . 
  could have been very interesting to hear that . 
  so i think it is of the upmost importance to store this curiosity in reddit 's database . 
  to achieve properly that , we would need some pictures . 
  for science . 
  i am french and i do n't like wine . 
  nor cheese . 
  nor striking -_- ', 
  the i lied face is absolutely brilliant . 
  i used my limiteless skills in investigating and opened _ jes _ 's comment history . 
  using advanced alogithms and top perf processing units , i concluded he 's a dude . 
  proof : `` my pants come off too when i get baked . '', 
  i can sell you my complexe software i used to determine your sexual identity if you ever forget . 
  this , and thanks for the update !, 
  i had told your story to many friends as it was a very interesting situation to discuss . 
  i 'm glad i 'll be able to come up to them with a sequel . 
  france - the general lack of economic education which leads to a very poor public debate on the most important questions . 
  strikes come in second place d :, 
  please lac1987 , continue this . 
  i do n't know how to add people to a stalk-list , so i need you to continue this and be upvoted to front page so i do n't miss it . 
  you better do it because i will start talking about your story to friends and i need a sequel . 
  if you do n't i might ... who knows ... maybe kill everyone on this planet but you . 
  and take azay all the booze . 
  assassin 's creed r\u00e9v\u00e9lation - multiplayer . 
  i am an old metal gear solid / splinter cel / infiltration game in general . 
  i was completely blasted by acr multiplayer mode . 
  it is just insane to see npc and human characters have similar behavior . 
  edit : french autotype does n't like english :p, 
   to everyone : sorry about how long the post is . 
  do n't even think about shortening anything !, 
  it is so epic . 
  happy birthday somuch2learn !, 
  to answer your question , technology did not only affect me , it is part of the way i think and act . 
  i was born in late 80 's , and i got my first high speed internet connexion to play counter strike beta 4 when i was around 11-13 . 
  it is weird to think about the computer revolution , because we are in the right midle of it . 
  internet has started to seriously kick in , but we see that our laws are having a hard time to catch up with the technology . 
  it is developing way too fast for the system to keep up to date in order to deal with all the questions that rise around it : how to protect someone 's privacy , how to define and apply intellectual property , etc. 
  people too need to be educated , and once again it is hard to do because during the time people took to learn how to use email correctly , it is already web 2.0 time , with google , facebook , and other things that also require some education . 
  all that is pretty amazing , because even if this fast evolution of technology is challenging at many levels , i cant see the end of it right now . 
  i 've no idea how far we could go . 
  i read an interesting book ( `` maitres ou esclaves du numerique '' , literally `` masters or slaves of it '' , http://www.maitres-ou-esclaves.com/ ) where the author explains how the information technology revolution is causing deep changes in the society . 
  the binary language is today adopted all around the world and allow us to communicate with anyone . 
  in that sense , the author says that the it revolution is comparable not even to the invention of printing , but rather to the invention of writing . 
  today , we replaced a part of our memory with an instantaneous database , we discover a significant proportion of the world trough online information , we barely make the difference between voice , sms , email , video conf , we play the same game together all around the world , we communicate through little engines that float around our planet ... 
  i feel like technology is growing through me , and that i am growing through it . 
  sometime if feel a bit sad because you know , i was born too late to discover the earth , and too early to discover the galaxy . 
  but i was born with internet and computers , which is still pretty bad ass . 
  yeah i was in a very similar situation ( we stayed almost 5 years together with a single break up , between 12 and 20 ) . 
  she was my first for everything sexually speaking , and of course staying that long that young with the same girl make you develop some habits and taste oriented through her . 
  i think a way to overcome that is to change your approach on experience , skills and habits . 
  all that actually depends on the person you 're experimenting them . 
  give yourself some time and try to have few small intimate moments with other girls when you fell like it . 
  you will see that the experience that you think belongs to you and her ( your first gf ) actually belongs to you only . 
  you will understand bit by bit , by experimenting with others , what really defines you and not only your old relationship . 
  i am sorry if this seems a bit confused , i 'd like english to be my native language but nature decided i would be better as a french lover , 
  also , i would like to tell you my support because it is not easy to start over after such a relation . 
  it biases you a lot , also because you experimented such a unique thing . 
  be patient , let yourself some time to mature . 
  and also : do n't expect your next encounters with girls to be comparable . 
  it is not that they will be better , or worse , just depply different . 
  if you have a bit of sunlight , there are universal usb solar-powered charger that could be very helpful !, 
  actually it is 4.9 sigma in the end . 
  i can comment a bit more about that ( i am a mathematician and not a physicist , i understand the data processing of this experiment only , but not all of the physics that is at the source of it ) . 
  the result shown today is the sum of huge improvements made both in term of experiment ( better accuracy , higher energy in the experiments ) and of statistical processing .
