  not only , you also need to be in an euclidian space . 
  that kind of equation , as well as `` the sum of the angles of a triangle is 180 \u00b0 '' become false for instance when you are near the horizon of a blackhole . 
  i discovered it by accident !, 
  i had to go on family vacation juuuust before the fight . 
  i came back , and he was dead . 
  i was not sure how to react , i first thought i was being trolled by kojima . 
  the walk through the jungle that followed was one of my most paranoid moment in gaming . 
  i found literally nothing on fourier concerning a blanket , or a fall in stairs . 
  i searched in english and french , and got nothing . 
  the story is funny but this til looks like something totally made up . 
  no one can blame them . 
  honestly , do you remember your first hours flying a plane in battlefield ? 
  they are going at it again !, 
  right now they are 5 min into the game . 
  thank you so much !, 
  mass oracles , widow mines , swarmhosts , viper , tempest , here i come !, 
  i ca n't believe this question is still being asked here . 
  i mean , you only need to re-read the few pages when madara asks where the `` real one '' is to understand . 
  also , seeing naruto charging the 10-tails should convince reasonable readers that it is not a clone that is fighting . 
  i doubt it would happen like what you say . 
  counselor are well aware that some people do not have the basics in term of sex ed . 
  a good counselor would try and ask to her what problems she sees in masturbation and try to work on that . 
  but i agree with the initial statement : the progress has more to be done on her side than on op 's . 
  incredibly manipulative ? 
  i think you judge way too fast . 
  the girl has been crying and saying it 's disgusting and that op has a problem . 
  lokos like good old deny , nothing close to manipulation . 
  france :, 
  - `` text '' language ( that you had to use to compress sms when length was a problem ) is considered cool for young people , when used on forums/facebook . 
  - 9gag is definitely much more frequently used than any decent imageboard, 
  - it is veeeeeery difficult to explain 4chan humour :d, 
  - our fml ( viedemerde in french ) is usually just the result of bad translation of bad rage comics or common interweb joke . 
  other than that , we have a french youtube , dailymotion.com , which does n't have anything better than youtube imo . 
  memes like adviceanimals and things like yolo are not spread here ( that kind of stuff requires to understand a minimum of english which is a huge turn off for my dumb people ) . 
  very humble , as usual . 
  that makes you a unique character of the esport scene , in my opinion . 
  best wishes for the health of you and your father !, 
  colossi are still more effective when your units are grouped because they all get hit together . 
  it 's more like concave does not counter the collosus splash damage . 
  use [ plc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power_line_communication ) !, 
  easy to set up , and has been as reliable as an ethernet cable for me for years . 
  well , it is true that you should know a minimum of what you are doing . 
  first , i dont use isp pcl . 
  i tried but they systematically proved to be unstable , rejecting other plc devices , unable to fit in a previously working network , and sometimes just not being stable even used alone . 
  i buy hercules or netgear plc adapter that work fine . 
  also , you need a stable electric installation . 
  in the us , your big houses might have divided electric network ( i 'm not a specialist but basically plc doe not work properly if you are using it across two `` subnetworks '' like you can have in large house or appartment ) . 
  i have also read about few cases where for instance a train station nearby would disrupt a plc network dur to the interferences in the electric network . 
  plc remains an option that you should try before wifi anyway : you can borrow a friend 's adapters and use them for few hours at home to check if it works , it requires zero configuration if your ethernet controller is installed on your computer . 
  i have you taged `` is gay for labtec '' . 
  so ... how have you two been doing ? 
  i think this is the main explaination . 
  have you tried / r/passionx ? 
  it 's really amazing . 
  did you use any effect on the beard or is it pure drawing ? 
  you should consider selling your work . 
  i was wondering if it was worth it to post in / r/gaming . 
  ns2 is one of the best games of 2012 and it 's not that easy to learn at the beginning . 
  it would advertise both for the game and the tutorials . 
  discovering subreddits every day ... !, 
  that 's not really the point , as precisely abd1tus would ignore that . 
  i just find it paradoxal that the guy presents it as the best of its categorie but does n't even mention its name . 
  and it does n't help at all to spread the word to those who do n't know it if you do n't name it . 
  it is not pity . 
  english is very badly taught here in france . 
  people do n't learn it well , and they do n't use it , except for few people that will have an extremely good level . 
  when they meet a non-french speaker speaking english , they feel rejected or shy not to able to take part to the conversation . 
  when the foreigner speaks french , the french guy will try and make the same effort to speak in the other 's language , because even if he could have spoken english he would have liked to stick it to french . 
  better ? 
  haha actually not at all . 
  although he does n't tell me everything he does :d, 
  i prefer an extension of this reasoning :, 
  the human race has started exploring space few decades ago . 
  the universe is 12-14 billions years old . 
  there is two possibilities :, 
  - one is that the state of advaced technology is unstable . 
  it means there is no way to find a durable way of development passed a given level of technology . 
  in this case no specie will never be able to explore space ( like travel faster than light and explore other solar systemes like our , or vice versa ) because they will fuck their environment/society first . 
  for us it would mean deadly global warming , or global nuclear war , or get stucked with technological limitation ( impossible to leave the solar system with inhabited flight , etc ) . 
  - another is that this advanced tech state is stable , and allow to push to faster-than-light travel , and meet alien species . 
  but in this case , it is extremely unlikely that we are the first to achieve such state of space traveling tech . 
  the solar systeme is 5bn years old , and our specie only took a few hendreds of thousand years to develop . 
  we are actually certainly the latest specie to have gained acces to space travel because we did it only decades ago . 
  but this also means that the other species have been treaveling into space for thousands , millions , or tenth of millions years !, 
  they are inconceivably more advanced than us , and we probably look like stupid monkeys playing with our poop to them . 
  we would look at them as gods just because complex technology and science appears as magic . 
   if they had the same conditions as us , is n't it possible that they 're in the exact same technological stage as us ? 
  no , this is statistically impossible . 
  this is due to the difference of time scale between our development as a species ( scale of 100k years ) and the development of the univers ( scale of 1-10bn years ) . 
  there is no prefered moment for life to appear in the time scale of the universe . 
  life was of course not possible in the very early stages because stars and planet and advanced elements were n't formed , but all of that has ben done billions years ago . 
  since then , you can imagine that life just started , randomly , in certain places that had the conditions for it ( statistically there is 100 % chances that life could start else where than earth ) , and you can consider you have a uniform distribution between , let 's say , 10bn years ago and now . 
  this is why the probability of us being synchronised with another species in the universe is zero . 
  it is like asking two persones to say the world `` car '' once in a month , at a completely random moment , and hoping that the two people would speak at the same time . 
  it is not a cake !, 
  it is a galette . 
  i hope you have the occasion to taste it one day , the galette des rois is my favorite pastry . 
  i will learn how to cook it soon , too = 3, 
  it 's a shame we frenchy are so bad at speaking english . 
  i 'm often surprised to see the agressivity against non french speaker while it is obvious that you will need to speak english at some point when playing online and that you should not expect everyone to speak french , even on french servers .
