  madara told us that rinnegans were actually evolution from sharingan . 
  lots of theories say that you need senju and uchiha cells together to allow rinnegan to develop . 
  and we also know that orochimaru had studied a lot the senju cells , working on danzo , yamato ... 
  to me , it is likely that orochimaru is taking sasuke to achieve what he wanted to do initially himself with his body , i.e. 
  develop rinnegans . 
  rinnegans being a legendary power coming from ushiha 's sharingan , i guess they have to go to the uchiha hideout to read more stuff with the ems and use the scroll . 
  sasuke + rinnegan will help naruto defeating madara . 
  i think you both are wrong . 
  it clearly appears that the human back warmer is indeed playing a game while keeping warm the cat 's back . 
  you are not that crazy as this model is one of the most accepted to explain the shape of universe : it would be finite , but without boundaries . 
  it would be like living on the surface of a sphere ( a 2d-ball , surface of a 3d-sphere , finite but without boundaries ) except that this shpere would n't be 3d but 4d , and the universe would be its shell ( like a 3d-ball ) . 
  of course , even if i use the analogy of the 2d-ball , this model does not predict that the universe is wrapped around itself and that it is possible to have a cyclic trajectory while following a straight path ( like you would on a 2d-ball , you would join your initial position after having completed a total turn ) . 
  i think the answer is on the scroll found by suigetsu . 
  i think that oro had planned all this - being already a master of the art of manipulating senju cells . 
  or maybe he wanted to gain sharingan to be able to read the ancien texts in the uchiha hideout that would reveal everithing about rinnegans . 
  now , sasuke brought him back to life to help him . 
  sasuke will get more information about the rinnegan and its link to the uchiha from the one that know everything and probably from reading some more ancient uchiha texts with his ems . 
  then he will have oro give him senju cells and gogo-power ranger transformation will ensue . 
  no , this is the subtile difference between being without boundaries and being cyclic ( i 'm nothing sure about the `` cyclic '' term to talk about a space . 
  i mean by that a space where lines are closed , i.e. 
  a straight trajectory intersects itself ) . 
  this is why the analogy with the 3d-sphere shows its limitation . 
  our space is not cyclic ( read is not believed to be of course ) . 
  and once again , i go from cat videos to plasma tutorial . 
  exactly what i thought . 
  each opinion calls its supporter to express themselves on the associated thread . 
  classic ... do you have any idea why it 's down ? 
  i do n't think i missed any official patch announcement . 
  it 's back up !, 
  tenten can not be the hokage she is already the next so6p that will defeat madara and tobi after sealing biju inside her . 
  my guess : typing from a smartphone -  . 
  and space close from each other , and auto correct adds a capital c to car like a boss . 
  if you want to free your arm from the cutest handcuff possible : try the box-on-ze-desktop trick !, 
  it solves a basic equation : cat + box = love . 
  put a box on your desk , cat will stay in it . 
  i would like too , even few screenshots . 
  i was n't aware it was possible to use hack in sc2 . 
  i know any game can theoretically be hacked but i thought it was n't practically feasible for online rts . 
  i am very curious to see how it looks like . 
  i perfectly understand the blink and burrow hacks . 
  they are based only on the information available from the hacker 's client . 
  but i am surprised to learn that everything that goes between the opponent 's client and bnet server is accessible to by the hacker . 
  i thought that the server sent to your client only necessary information coming from your opponent 's client ( for instance , if you only have vision on half of his base , your client only get the content of the half you have vision on . 
  if you gain vision of the second half , your client request the content of the second half to the server that sends it because vision has been obtained ) . 
  while it looks , from what i read about gerudo 's maphack , that the information is completely shared by both clients , end then partially made inaccessible for each client depending on their vision on the map . 
  you say that as if it was the case for every online videogame , which is not . 
  ... ok ... thanks for your answer ... but i think ... you are totally wrong about `` he most feasible games to hack in and remain undetected '' ... but now ... 
  i ... understand what the hacks does, 
  thank you , it makes perfect sense . 
  it 's also reassuring because to me the natural way to do is how lol does , i.e. 
  just share with the clients exactly what they need/deserve . 
  and it sounds very reasonable to switch to a fully shared information when dealing with a very high number of units who all have their individual behavior . 
  also from what you say , it does n't need to change the client as it is using information sent by the server , does it ? 
  i figured that modifying the client is only necessary when you need to acquire `` illegal '' information from the server , and in the case of sc2 the server sends everything to both clients . 
  as a non-native english speaker that mistake really shocked me at first . 
  then i started thinking it was a formulation i was unaware of . 
  now i know that my grammar nazi instinct is strong even in english . 
  yes i totally get it , the first tim i saw it utilized it took me a while to understand what it meant . 
  that kind of mistake is very similar to the phonetic english that some people use online or when texting . 
  tom cruise, 
  i like the idea but unfortunately i find that the half first part of the gif ruins the second half . 
  well , maybe not ruin , but is very confusing for no reason . 
  there is no point in showing the circle duplicated 4 times and put next to each other to draw a segment of length 4 . 
  2 * pi is the length of a circle of radius one . 
  juste show the circle with radius one rolling on the line and mark the position of pi , that explains all . 
  there is no need to show anything before the yellow wheel , and i find aht it adds unnecessary and confusion information . 
  not at all . 
  you just need a single image with the segment line , and the circle with the indication that its radius is one ( like an arrow between center and the circle with a 1 on it ) . 
  this gif is not explaining pi , it is explaining the formula of a circle perimeter which is 2pi times its radius precisely because of that first part . 
  yes , that 's why her pet thinks at first she wants to heal herself , but tsunade says she will heal the kages . 
  i was shocked by the `` chinternet '' . 
  chinese people just do n't have access to the same network we are used to . 
  services get randomly disabled to make them look like dysfunctioning , google search get immediately cut for few minutes if your search includes keywords like proxy , ssh , censorship , lots of websites are blocked to prevent international news to spread . 
  and sometimes , like 3-4 times a week where i was , 99 % of non-chinese websites go down . 
  sometimes only gmail is stil active , sometimes everything is off . 
  google , skype , steam , ... 
  the worse is that among the people that worked with me there ( people from a high level technology institute , that supposedly know things about science , computer etc ) just do n't even understand the censorship . 
  like when everything was down , and i asked what was happening , i got things like `` yes , sometimes the google does not work '' . 
  they did n't even realized that it was almost all non chinese website , because they got used to chinese counterparts they are pushed to use . 
  it 's incredible how their network is just isolated from the reste of the world and connected by a small gate that the government choses to close randomly . 
  i think it depends on the period you are talking about . 
  i think i remember that office was introduced after the first set of map that contained assault , dust , etc. 
  ( i am talking about cs 1 beta ) . 
  i really did n't like assault from source for instance . 
  maybe they are redesigning it . 
  never had something similar , but i know that many very different things can influence that . 
  the best for you is to get it tested if it does n't rapidly go away , just to be sure . 
  well , they semm to know it was because it was blocked by the government , but the ignore it would be not restricted jut to google and actually concerns a lot of services . 
  i highly doubt the censorship is comparable . 
  you do n't have access to any international news website ? 
  or to wikipedia ? 
   nobody said it was comparable, 
   sounds like germany, 
  i thought you just did . 
  when you experience the censorship i am mentioning you realize the difference between copyright law making content inaccessible and massive general censorship . 
  chinese do n't have youtube , at all . 
  no tweeter/facebook of course , but a lot of other things . 
  yes there are , from services being blocked , chinese protestants , and international journalists . 
  do you really put at the same level music streaming and political/economical/scientific / social information censorship ? 
  you never talk about what you do best .
