  i will probably try out exponential sensitivity curves too , to try and see how it feels . 
  about inverting yaw/pitch , how common is that ? 
  i never have inverted any control axis , even in the time i was playing starlancer with my good old sidewinder precision . 
  i feel like pulling the stick toward me should raise the nose of the ship , is this just an old misconsception i have ? 
  well , turns out that 5am was n't the best time to setup my first hotas . 
  i actually did n't read correctly the name of the control section for inverting commands on the joystick and thought it was to * enable * the commands ( to deal with when you have various joysticks/input devices and you want to chose which does what ) , so i had switched pitch/yaw and other stuff to `` yes '' , and then were wondering why i had to invert controls because they felt weird . 
  since then , i 've loaded the mapping file provided for my hotas ( the holly warthog ) and i 've undone what i did yesterday , and already it feels much better . 
  it is actually very easy , you can chose to invert each axis and other controls each with one click , independently for each of your input devices . 
  i happened to accidentally invert my controls without realizing it . 
  i used to go with mouse + [ g13 ] ( http://support.logitech.com/eng_us/product/5123 ) , where the g13 would just be used as an ergonomic keyboard + using the g13 joystick for strafing . 
  i got a thrustmaster warthog for christmas and will replace my mouse with it . 
  i will be adapting my controls to this new setup , and in particular i aim at grouping all moving controls on the joystick to let only the throttle control on my g13 , as well as all the other targetting and fly mode controls . 
  i wonder if this is wise to also control roll with my joystick . 
  i wonder if the g13 joystick would be precise enough to use it to aim gimballed weapons but i have first to get used to flying without a mouse . 
  something you can do is make them face each other , with 4 easy or medium bots as allies . 
  they can compete with each other in a very relaxed setting , where their team wo n't mind if they do mistakes . 
  i listen to a couple seconds of the interview aired on the 26th https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvxfab8nxym#t=123 . 
  these are n't only kids , these are dumb , naive , incapable of formulating a logical thought kids :, 
  ( bbc guy ) - so why do you decide how people should spend time together as family while you live yourself alone with no parents or kid at home ? 
  ( dumb kid ) - well , that 's just my opinion . 
  ( bbc guy ) - but you are forcing your opinion on others , are n't you ? 
  ( dumb kid ) - well , we ca n't go back now . 
  hey guys have you seen this sperm 's razor ? 
  why are you linking an inactive twitch channel with vague information about hacking ? 
  then i 'd recommend to be more explicit , and avoid misinformation . 
  their old channel has been taken over , but this has nothing to do with pishing on twitch or changing our passwords . 
  it 's not because a company got its account hacked that people are targetting star citizen accounts through pishing on twitch , nor that someone got their hands on a list of twitch or sc login info . 
  they way dota 2 transitionned to a more objective based game since ti4 also does n't fit him that well , in a team with questionable synergy . 
  no , but it is ridiculous to imply that allowing your citizens to carry guns in your constitution gives you better safety . 
  the contrary has been proven in a huge majority of western countries . 
  from france . 
  things i prefer my country for :, 
  - no guns, 
  - healthcare, 
  - education untill phd, 
  - retirement system, 
  - church has the power it deserves ( that is , no influence outside clerical places ), 
  - food , even if i was doing more than ok living in la with the great mix of mexican , asian and southern californian food . 
  not to say there are n't any reason i would prefer to be american of course . 
  only 6 european countries above the us : nothern denemark , russia , lithuania , moldova , belarus , estonia , and albania . 
  also , i like the way this information is formulated . 
  no bullshit about misterious roster changes that are leacked bit by bit over days , just a straight up info , with the context it needs . 
  this is important , and i think the distinction should be made more often . 
  not because i want people to download virus without running them for the lulz , but rather because you should n't be able to autorun downloaded files . 
  from what i read here , nothing is related to game sharing . 
  if you have steam with the option `` remember me '' and `` remember my password '' enabled , the account saved can be accessed with the files op described , nothing more , nothing less . 
  same here , i clicked a png link and was prompted with a download of a . scr file . 
  you should disable autodownload , so that your web brower shows you the file it wants to download ( and offers you to chose where to save it ) to avoid trap like this . 
  but on the 50 rejected takeoff , only two are related to the engine , which was involved in the crash of the airasia flight . 
  i think op was just being honest , in that he already did this . 
  he did n't say how often , and his point was that personnalities would suffer much more than random players , because they would be targetted more systematically by those undeserved reports . 
  i know little about hon , what did s2 do wrong according to you ? 
  this list is great and i try to use it a little bit when playing with friendly russian players . 
  yesterday i learned from a gentleman from twitch chat nammed soupault that '' \u043c\u0430\u043b\u0435\u043d\u044c\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u0445\u0443\u0435\u0441\u043e\u0441 '' = = `` small ( kiddy ) cocksucker '' , `` ma-lien ' - key-y who-yes-os '' . 
  guys save your relationship , invest http://i.imgur.com/iofd0w4.jpg . 
  copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright copyright, 
  i agree on the fact that op is wrong , but nothing indicates that the tweet you linked is more the cause for what happened . 
  it even most certainly can not be , because an attack like this one takes time to plan . 
  well , the fact that the most important muslim figures in france expressed their condolences and thoughts for the victims and condemned the attack seems to show that they do n't care about that . 
  sorry but beside the fact that your source could n't be qualified as logical reasoning ( i mean , things `` every `` moderate '' muslim is a potential terrorist . '', 
  or that moderate muslims have `` no clue about their religion and have an idealized image of islam that has no bases in facts . '', 
  show that the author has no idea of what religion is and is making stuff out of his ass ) , you are not adressing / u/trumpsta 's point . 
  french muslim representatives have publicly condemned the attack . 
  this ignores what / u/trumpsta 's says the islam tells them not to do . 
  what you mention about anonymous polls has nothing to do with what we are talking about . 
  maybe you could try some different material , focused on more historical facts . 
  i suggest you take a look at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judaism so you might have a tiny idea of what you talk about . 
  you can see that differents religions can have different periods of violent related events , and that this fact itself disproves that one could be inherently violent or non violent . 
  do n't forget about marseilles . 
  we 've been having attacks with automated weapons ( aks and such ) between mob from marseilles in the last 2-3 years . 
  marseilles is known to be a good place for illegal traffic . 
  keep in mind that the proportion of muslims is five time in france what it is in the us . 
  extremist politics aside , nobody calls islam `` a religion of violence '' . 
  our population it too well educated , i think and i hope , to fall into a sudden civile war where non muslims would oppose muslims . 
  that is something only fanatic terrorists and vote-whoring extreme political parties call for . 
  there always are idiots who think they can make their own justice , like in any tragic event , but the national consensus for unity is strong today . 
  just so you know and can understand a little better how all of this works : people in general do not actually follow litteral interpretation of religious texts . 
  this seems hard for you to fathom , take a look http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion . 
   moderate muslims, 
  quoting / u/labia _ lisp , i meant people as average people , which include moderate muslims . 
  i 'm not ignoring fanatics , it 's just that they are explicitely not moderate muslims . 
  when i see the absurdity of murder scenes , i try and remember that brutality globally decreases along the centuries . 
  i think your sample is not representative , even if i respect your personal experience . 
  what it shows is that the world is n't homogenous , because this is n't like what you experienced everywhere . 
  personally i see religion here in this story being used just as a basic propaganda medium to talk to masses in the strategic operations from diverses groups and governments . 
  the dudes in the street pretended they did it for their prophet , but this is actually about politically agitating a western country that helps fighting extremist groups in midle east . 
  it 's not about muslims around the world nor islam . 
  as i have already written it 's not about muslims or islam . 
  it 's about military groups and international geopolitics . 
  religion comes at play here as a propaganda medium , because - and history shows it worked pretty well whatever the religion in different places and times - , it 's efficient to talk to masses to unite them , scare them , divide them , etc. 
  these guys that react violently to this are doing this for military and political motives . 
  if you educate your population they have no chance . 
  for the same reason i am not surprised by / u/imoustacheyou 's answer . 
  it 's typical of a refinied point of view that understands diversity and liberty . 
  well you know , i do n't really care as long as , like you say , they do n't want to be `` actively hunted for manslaughter '' . 
  that 's how society works : you believe whatever you want , but you respect the law and the rights it protects . 
  if some have litteral interpretation , it 's their right . 
  this goes for any religion , and non religious people . 
  so many people have illegal thoughts and desire all the time about anything . 
  at this point , all that matters is what people do .
