  so i say : oro gives sasuke rinnegans and they open a breach in madara 's immortality . 
  i 'm not sure to understand what you mean when you say that kakashi `` would just use it to read make out paradise in peace '' , but keep in mind that he can not use kamui like obito does . 
  he has n't the body for it , and would be able to perform one or two teleports between the two dimensions before running out of chakra . 
  he most likely discovered kamui a while ago and refused to use it for the same reason . 
  to me the scroll is something oro wanted to achieve once he got sasuke 's body ( cf suigetsu saying `` he had all planned since the begining '' when reading the scroll ) . 
  and oro is obsessed with so6p 's power , especially soul transfer related to rinnegans . 
  the training you are refering to may be the challenge madara had to take himself to get his rinnegan , that is almost die , or something similar ( like , to have infinite ms , you need to let go what you love most , and to get rinnegan , you have to let go your own life ) . 
  thank you so much . 
  i think the interface could use that kind of features that are crucial for rts . 
  so that 's all it takes to have women jumping at you ? 
  i feel like it is not only rts but also leadership . 
  to be a good commander , you have to show authority , self confidence , give clear order , stay motivating even when losing , and understand the behavior of your units/players . 
  i learned all that when leading gangs in eve online pvp , where you would regularly command a gang of 5-50 people , and i took me a while to gather all these different skills . 
  they key being , i think , to find the best balance possible between `` kindness '' ( comply with your units requests , accept compromise , encourage them ) and authority , where you show that you have a clear strategy in mind and want the units to follow your orders . 
  i see ensl related posts everywhere on this subreddit , i think i wo n't resist long . 
  i never took part to any `` competitive '' activity in gaming but i always pushed myself far into coop multiplayers games . 
  it looks like the most reasonable solution when you have a team of friends . 
  yes this is how i picture it . 
  it makes lots of sense , both because this game push to form teams of friends , and because the game interface does n't include such features . 
  also , he is full of hashirama 's cell , the only thing he might absorb from the flower would be `` madara 's will '' , the dark thing he let in the flower before diying , which looks made of the same material than the chakra receptor used by nagato . 
  from the quote of connorcg , i feel like this is another guy with a very poor background in gaming . 
  he sounds just like someone who just played 2 hours and expected to figure the whole game in the first 15 minutes , , but would n't even understand half of it in 20 hours . 
  i am only 30 hours into the game but i do n't agree with you , op . 
  it is true that onos are good but i have seen several games won essentially with skulk/lerks/fade . 
  gorge being a backup unit , it plays a more passive role , like healing a hive between two marine assaults or slowing down the marine 's progression with wall and hydras . 
  lerks are not worthless without celerity , but are indeed harder to keep alive . 
  but as son as you can shoot gaz i find it pretty easly to help teammates by gazing a corridor full of marines . 
  of course it is harder to attack in open rooms without celerity because you will stay much longer in sight of the marines , but it is still possible . 
  a single lerk can make a squad of marines crazy by harassing them and moving around in vents . 
  and i just find fade very hard to kill if used correctly . 
  by correctly , i mean basically when a fade engages one or two isolated marines , i almost always see one or both marines die , and fade survive . 
  they are equivalent to one gun exosuit in term of ressource , and i do n't find them easier to get rid of than one gun exo . 
  what i feel like is that alien commanders lack of determination . 
  it is pretty frequent to see quiet alien commanders that do n't give clear orders and intel to its units . 
  with a more assertive commander it becomes easier to position correctly and ake all the early units more effective . 
  that 's exactly what i thought : caffeine may be the most widely spread `` performance enhancing '' drug . 
  cigarette must be close , too . 
  i know musicians that take drugs against anxiety , scientists that live on caffeine , or artists supporting their creativity with weed . 
  all these substances are enhancing some performances ( and degrading other , as always ) . 
  no , it means it should be ** above ** 151.4 m. 
  also not doing something does n't mean you are incapable of it . 
  my two lpt to help and deal with cold :, 
  - use saline ( you can use the same stuff that you use for your eyes ) to clean your nose . 
  it helps washing out the nose , and prevent it to dry too much . 
  do n't forget to blow your nose juste after , it will be a bit water but this is the point, 
  - use labello that you would use to protect lips against cold temperature on your noise , to prevent it from drying due to blowing it frequently . 
  i actually did n't figure out what it did until now . 
  the ingame description was just not detailed enough and as i never played ns 1 i had many things to learn at the same time . 
  i , too , never felt the urge to use it even after 50 hours ingame , but essentially because i did n't know how it works . 
  i can see the use when you want to set up am advance based made of a fade , a couple of crags , whips and a shift , to apply pressure on a marine base for instance . 
  it can be difficult to get all these building up because they protect each other . 
  i 'll try to use shift to teleport instantly the buildings and avoid to have them taken down during fade/crag growth . 
  related question : is there a way to know who you are spectating ? 
  i did n't manage to find any name on the screen while following someone ingame . 
  well , i just checked it and [ it 's not working ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rorcg.jpg ) for me . 
  i grabed the first price comparing website and ask for a flight in both normal or fresh incognito session , and all the prices were superior in the incognito window . 
  so check both before buying !, 
  i precisely did n't delete my cookies on my regular session . 
  the incognito session was fresh but my regular session includes all my regular cookies . 
  yes antibiotics , by cleaning bacteria , allow fungus to take over !, 
  it is normal but annoying , especially when it means you are just finishing a treatment against an infection and you just want to be left alone . 
  the fungus just has more space and resources to develop . 
  sorry for your troubles !, 
  to me echo is the ability if the shift to move buildings . 
  i 've always seen hallucinations being referred as such . 
  almost one year of reddit and never saw it . 
  such content deserves repost . 
  also maybe , i feel like it is easier to fit a condom when the penis is harder because you can actually stretch the condom on it . 
  what i mean is harder the penis is , easier it is to put the condom on . 
  if he was n't very hard then it might have made the condom look too small . 
  some condoms are tightly rolled to you need to apply a minimum of pressure on it while puting it on , which require a solid hard on sometimes . 
  just curious : are you a man or a woman ? 
  actually there are different degrees of hardness . 
  you can be erected but only partially . 
  even if the size of the penis is qs big qs q full hqrd on , you might just have a `` soft '' hard on , where the penis is still partially flexible . 
  i thought that what op meant when he said `` maintain an erection '' . 
  does anyone has a link to watch it ? 
  use the official reddit desktop cat trap system !, 
  it is , and also because you just clean your nose from these bacteria . 
  you only reduced her chance to get an std by giving her condom . 
  16 teenagers in love would n't have stoped for that . 
  nonetheless , i think she should see a doctor before taking regularly the pill , as each woman reacts differently to different pills , and it is still a drug she would take during years , so it requires some supervision . 
  i do n't know how it works in the us but in france , i could get my little sister to the gynaecologist and pay for everything without telling the parents ( maybe the healthcare insurance would n't work totally but i feel like this would still remain reasonable ) . 
  dare to explain to a non-american what 's the problem ? 
  1 ) no one said they were `` small changes '' . 
  blizzard is changing sc2 in depth with hots, 
  2 ) an expansion means nothing . 
  you can have expansion that adds a campaign , a mod for multiplayer , or new units/weapon , new game engine depending on the game, 
  3 ) you seem to have not understood how game development works , so i suggest you read blizzard updates more carefully : some of the ui change ( clan , battlenet menus for instance ) will be applied to wol when hots will be released . 
  mothing to deal with multi vs single player . 
  a relevant [ xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/171/ ) , basically summarizing what lorgfeflkd said : there is no experiment today that allows us to check that we should prefer string theory over the more classic theories . 
  string theory is consistent with any experiment thus far , which means that there is no experiment that proves that string theory is wrong . 
  but you also need to be able to predict experiments that would only happen in a stringy universe , and right now we do n't know any such experiment . 
  my father confessed that each time we would take the car for a family trip ( which would occur often several time a month when we were young , as we often gathered with family ) , he would basically put us to sleep by simply turning on the heat in the car . 
  he said it was like a child brain switch d :, 
  me too . 
  spent so much time blankly staring . 
  actually he spotted some roaches when blue flame was at 15 % but canceled it only at 80-85 % , to start siege mod . 
  the roaches backed up for the first time ( after the first , closest hold with the supply micro ) as siege was only 25 % done . 
  i think polt would have been even better if he had left blue flame finish , or cancel it immediately to have siege much earlier , for the first battle with the depot micro .
