  all of this can generate lots of traffic ( new record of 640k + players at the same time ) and lots of unexpected server behavior . 
  yes , void 's chrono freezes everyone buthim , rubick 's chrono freezes everyone but rubick and void . 
  i think they get dropped on items the same way strange items used to drop . 
  so now instead of a strange item , you drop a normal item with a slot with such a rune in it . 
  you can detach a rune with a tool ( not free ) . 
  i dropped one at my first diretide game . 
  i used it and cot a cursed flamestitched cape . 
  not completely since movement speed bonus increases with q level . 
  i always go for fun and competition during first stage . 
  first because i do n't care about killing roshan so many times so hero pick does n't matter , and also because you can then double your item drop . 
  i usually random and have a lot of fun . 
  played omniknight and chen , i had a blast !, 
  he can also steal spells that stop roshan attack like tree or tusk ult . 
  take a look at some 10 stack streaming you 'll see how all this works . 
  he probably got the gold himself ... 
  we also need ( adding / u/plzeatshoe 's suggestions ), 
  - fix bug where it is impossible to add an item from the armory to the featured items if it is not placed in the first page of the armory, 
  - filters that combine more than a single criterion, 
  - icons that display few symbols about the socketing content of the item, 
  - fiery ward of ebi bukaw still has no portrait, 
  - certain items you received are in your inventory and can be used but do n't appear at all so you ca n't find it unless you go to character equipment page ( ex : helm of the silent guardian ), 
  i have watched several pro games streamed through dailymotion . 
  i could stream medium quality without any problem ( and the quality felt between the medium and high twitch setting , closer to high ) . 
  i would be happy if more streams moved to dailymotion , but ido n't know if they offer any way to earn money to the streamers . 
  it is a very interesting irrational fear !, 
  do you have any idea what it is made of ? 
  i had a dude dual boxing . 
  someone picked lina , another antimage , and they both went mid ( where i already was positioned and announced with qop ) . 
  when i told antimage that he did n't belong in mid lane , lina protested he did . 
  i could just have thought they were friends and supporting each other but seeing the wacky micro made me suspicious . 
  watching the replay you could see the mouse movement and how lina would follow the mouse movement on the player controlling am , or one being microed while the second is afk fountain , etc. 
  i definitely think some people use automated bots to farm items ( we also have players entering diretide games , going afk , but not getting afk abandon , probably also using a macro ) . 
  i will watch this tonight and tell you what i think about it . 
  after few minutes into the game here are several reasons why it is obviously not a human controlling ancient apparition :, 
  - no mouse movement ( controlling in lane by move or attack move command exactly on the same point near the border of the screen ), 
  - camera control completely unnatural , smoothly tracking the hero one time , then quickly jumping always the same way, 
  - hero control completely automatic , you can see it always trying to go for three auto-attacks , backing off making a little loop , then repeat . 
  you only have to see it do it three or four times to see it 's perfectly periodic ( and absurd ) . 
  however it 's nothing close from the ingame bots aa , which are much clever . 
  you can see it from start , they buy courier and items after a few seconds and rush their respective tiers 1 tower . 
  their lane behavior is much more coherent . 
  also , their camera does not move , it stays positioned at the center of the map . 
  pretty sure you can contact valve support to signal this , it does not fit in a standard report imo . 
  entering one of the two nuclear reactors that we have at my work , when functioning . 
  i have nothing to do with the physics they do there , they organize visit tours few times a year . 
  bat is my third most played , and definitely one of my favorite to play . 
  there is three ways to play him , depending on the game timer . 
  during the laning phase , you have to master the art of keeping your ennemi and the creep wave under 2-3 stacks of napalm . 
  it makes your last hit very easy to grab , hugely reduce your opponent 's movement ( speed but more importantly rotation speed , crucial for solo mid when you keep going back and forth ) , and open the chances for a first blood ( i regularly get the first blood when i solo mid with bat , having 5-6 napalm stacks is enough to firefly up , kill the creep wave and dive your opponent under his tiers 1 ) . 
  in the mid game phase , you just pick up people with your blink , lasso ( and forcestaff a bit later ) . 
  it is more a teamplay skill problem , because you need some people to help you gank . 
  the late game phase usually , you have 5v5 . 
  you have to try and force a 5v4 by lassoing + bkb + forcestaff an ennemi . 
  you jump , rush back to your team that has to burst down the target as fast as possible , and usually it is followed by a fight where you should have a decent advantage . 
  in both mid and late game phase , your role in teamfights is pooping napalm on everyone ( once again the movement slow play a huge role when people have to quickly reposition themselve ) , and spreadking your firefly . 
  always try and keep your flamebreak to control ( stun , push a target back to you etc ) rather than dps . 
  i think it is a fairly difficult hero to master because he alternates between micro intensive gameplay ( laning phase ) and very team oriented gameplay , where you can kill almost nobody solo with your lasso , but almost anybody with some backup . 
  but they have to have noticed beforehand , right ? 
  i do n't know how calling their new license hots is going to make any good to any of the two games . 
  unlesse it is a trick to increase their visibility ? 
  like each time someone read about one of them , he subconsciously also thinks about the second one ? 
  many people here look like they think valve made all these changes voluntarily . 
  i realized that the new name preserves the usual acronym wr . 
  maybe this was one of their goal when finding her new name . 
  i was talking with a friend who plays word of warcraft . 
  i was telling her about the new license hots , and gave her a little history on blizzard 's licenses . 
  she thought that wow and warcraft were two independent entities that had n't influenced each other . 
  she learned that warcraft actually came out ten years before wow , and that wow was basically a mmo version of the classic warcraft rts . 
  every interview i 've seen from these two is made of second degree and sarcastic humor . 
  i love how they manage to stay in character . 
  madara never fought with his rinnegan and his young body . 
  ashirama never had to face him with rinnegan, 
  they never fought him after he got senju dna and rinnegan , before his death . 
  he died having developed a huge power up that has only been used by pain then obito thus far , and both times it was a game changer . 
  i expect madara to go even deeper in the usage of these eyes and achieve madness .  am i the only one who sees madara as incredibly weaker now that he has a living body ? 
  no more unlimited chakra , no more self-repairing body , and on top of that all the bijuu are n't sealed away anymore into the statute . 
  it seems like he 's just really screwed at this point . 
  or did i miss something ? 
  he 's not really been fighting 100 % . 
  he merely used the rinnegan , compared to pain and obito . 
  also , edo tensei body might not allow to use the rinnegan to its fullest . 
  after the nose breaking part , i think you should considerate the amount of patience you show toward him . 
  how can he learn if there is no consequences ? 
  i wonder if his edo tensei body did n't limit in any way the use of his rinnegan . 
  and he gives hugging lessons !, 
  ( bruno went to interview sheever sitting in the crowd and taught her how to not-hover-hand . 
  this , but not only . 
  madara got huge power up after his last fight with hashirama , when they were alive . 
  madara never got such power than now that he is resurrected young with his senju cells . 
  then why the blood and remarks on his wound ? 
  i 'd love to see ember and earth spirit jump in the cm pool !, 
  france, 
  #projectd 2, 
  i think you van add bkb and medaillion  bot have a gold lining right ? 
  - br - points out an important fact : while the table shows balance between teams , it also shows discrepancy * inside * each team . 
  an ideal match making system would match teams of the same global level , but also ensure that teammates are of a comparable level . 
  you can put 2 pro gamers and 3 players with less than 100 hours of play in each team , it 'll be balanced . 
  but it would be awful for everyone . 
  that was a simple reddit comment that , looking back , sounds much deeper than i first realized . 
  yeah , it 's easy to identify to him because he reacts mostly how i would react in similar situations .
