  it was the first and only time i saw him crying . 
  now i 'm sad too ;'(, 
  my sister always buys him the oddest and cuttest things . 
  i bet he 's the happiest cat from the neighborhood . 
  it happens that pute is feminine !, 
  so you say `` ma pute '' , even when talking about a male . 
  i was wondering if it was an english pun that i was missing but i think you may be right . 
  although you would rather call `` puce '' a girl , but not a boy . 
  played it 8 years , sometimes 50 hours a week . 
  same here , played it 8 years , sometimes 50 hours a week :d, 
  tom cruise . 
  you are supposed to see pair of white or black legs making some kind of jump to move . 
  also , the two bodies to whitch each of the legs belongs to appear to be sealed at the hips level . 
  you should re-evaluate your understanding of the first world problem meme ... !, 
  true , it gives some time to breath and take a bit of distance . 
  but the kind of focus required for sc2 , especially when playing high level 1v1 , if completely different that the mindset of a moba game . 
  2 min of break wo n't balance that . 
  i touched the inside of a functioning nuclear reactor , when i visited the orphee reactor . 
  me two . 
  i do n't know where you got that . 
  getting out of the euro has n't been discussed in the last months , nowhere . 
  nope , only far right party suggests we should bring back the franc , as well as forbiding abortion , kicking every immigrant out , and come back to the 19h century if possible . 
  no one serious has offered this option . 
  yeah , basically it is like uniting the states , except that each of them has 2000 years of history , including wars and competition with the neighbors . 
  i just managed to log back in . 
  computer and keyboard sound . 
  i spent my first years falling asleep with my father working on his computer in the next room , with the door not completely shut . 
  few things sound as peaceful as the whir of a hard drive and the pseudo-random sound typing on a keyboard . 
  larger base players = broader skill span , pushing in favor of low skills ( because the larger the player base the less elitist/restricted the game appears ) . 
  it is a pretty common phenomenon . 
  andouillette can be awful , greasy and very hard to digest , and very few people like them . 
  but when you find a good one it can be a succulent meal !, 
  or at least better than flicking testicles . 
  i am intolerant to caffeine . 
  it triggered anxiety , palpitations , bowel aches , insomnia ... 
  i ca n't even have a coke at lunch ( nor other soda that almost all contain caffeine ) . 
  i drink decaf tea for my breakfast . 
  i was ok at 18 , and intolerant at 22 . 
  my life has been significantly better since i stopped . 
  and when i really need it , i take some and i feel like god . 
  i think everyone underestimates the strength of caffeine ( when i want to illustrate my point , i use [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/effect_of_psychoactive_drugs_on_animals ) . 
  there are very few things that are processed similarily by insects and humans . 
  this picture still shows how caffeine can be considered in the framework of drugs ( which it completely is ) , and how bad it looks when you use this apporach . 
  it is far from being specific from america . 
  caffeine is the most used drug on the planet , and has been for a while . 
  good luck trying to prove that caffeine is not '' a substance which may have medicinal , intoxicating , performance enhancing or other effects when taken or put into a human body or the body of another animal and is not considered a food or exclusively a food . '' . 
  it is the most used drug on the planet ( even if it is licit everywhere i have heard of ) . 
  yout comparison with spinning web and how it is something `` that come naturally without effort '' is n't worth a penny , neither . 
  sleep is a very natural , essential and automatic function but it is completely distrupted by caffeine . 
  probably because it was very hard to achieve with painting . 
  the joconde will follow you with her eyes whatever is the direction you are looking at her from . 
  is n't meepo always kind of oddly positioned ? 
  he also got his knowledge , which might include the mastery of the snake sage mode . 
  i do n't know , i feel like i 'd rather face a dude that throws ice darts and manipulates ice mirrors rather than a guy than can use genjutsu perfectly as well as anticipating any movements and summoning susanno and black flames . 
  instruction not clear , dick caught fire . 
  i agree with croutonicus but tomething crucial is missing to answer op 's question . 
  during the early time of the universe , `` shortly '' after the big bang , the universe that was until then rather compact entered in a phase of extremely fast expansion . 
  during this period , it expanded faster , ** much faster than light speed ** . 
  this expalin how you could go from , say , a 1km wide universe to a 50 billion light years ( using fake number to illustrate ) in only a few millions years . 
  after this phase , it kept expanding , but at a much lower pace . 
  only third top comment , a bit disappointing . 
  when the two best things in life meet . 
  i never played any moba before dota 2 , but spent more than two years with daily sc2 practice . 
  it took a very short while to understand the concept . 
  what takes some time is learning all heroes profile , abilities , and combo/game mechanics . 
  for instance , a famous item gives you magic imunity for a few seconds , but magic immunity works in a very specific way for certain spells ( this spell is totally blocked , this one only disable but do n't do damage , etc ) . 
  it is not true , it depends . 
  every time i check , i have different outcome . 
  sometimes price are lower using incognito , sometimes they are higher , approximately half of the time . 
  the scene described by moo8 includes everything you need for schizophrenic episode yep . 
  it can be isolated ( some borderline people are not psychotic but can have one single major psychotic episode in their life ) , but very often it is not and is sign of a condition . 
  i know nothing that could lead you to such scene but schizophrenia , except maybe with some hallucinogenic drugs . 
  rainbow magic . 
  i only played data 2 . 
  what would be the difference ? 
  a french writer , georges perec , actually wrote a whole book without using a single e letter . 
  it is called `` la disparition '' , and even if i would n't call it `` litterature '' , it is really impressive . 
  the same guy also wrote a text that would form a palindrom , made of 1247 words . 
  i played them each hundreads of hours since the first one on playstation , but i could n't find the time to finish the 4th . 
  your comment might convince me to do it though ... 
  the eiffel tower, 
  exactly . 
  while zike is right about the kills , he implies that there was a single team wipe , after which dire could loot the rapier . 
  but there is like 10 or 15 kills concentrated , which looks more like rampage due to having looted the rapier and dominating teamfights with it . 
   dudes with their heads so far up their asses they could wear their respective bodies as a hat, 
  i 'm not a native english speaker so i do n't know if i 'll have the opportunity to use this again , but damn !, 
  i think i remember this is the way russian soldiers walk , with their legs and arms synchronized . 
  the love i have for spider mainly comes from that . 
  they eat mosquitos . 
  they deserve to live and be loved for doing god 's work . 
  well , when you use a anti-mosquitos insecticid plug , do you plug it in your living room , or in your bedroom ? 
  never say no to room service !, 
  all they need is a peaceful corner at the ceiling . 
  i 've never seen any footage of this show outside reddit . 
  is that a show were people come to make fun of zach 's weight ? 
  i have tried several times to use this queue without success . 
  i restrain the server range pretty drastically to avoid lag ( restricting to western europe and east us ) and each time , after queuing for 5-10 minutes , i got tired of waiting and switch to normal queue to find a game in less than 3 minutes . 
  the classic answer to your question is that obito used genjutsu on kisame to appear as madara . 
  i feel like people wanting to report a bad teammate is not an issue that should be ignored . 
  i find actually quite disappointing that the large majority of the pub games i play are between fairly imbalanced to complete stomp from one team .
