  as soon as i have a non french speaker in my team i switch my commandment in english if i lead , and i speak english to teammates , but i am above the average in that regard . 
  wrong , it just depends . 
  sometimes the price are better , sometimes they are n't . 
  it 's worth checking both . 
  i do n't know much about team management . 
  so far , i 've seen teams more as personal sponsors more than anything . 
  i find the way tb and geena lead axiom very unique . 
  they might just be building the model for real international teams . 
  i think most people are really surprised by the content of / r/atheism . 
  the default subreddits are fairly easy to enjoy but / r/atheism is the only one that does not contain any subtle contain . 
  we all got used to it but i remember clearly when i arrived here . 
  i could ' t understand how such a rat hole could exist when you see the rest of the website . 
  it can be , because string theory was designed to include a huge part of the physics we know today . 
  for instance , newton mechanics can be written in the string theory context , and remain useful when applied in the appropriate context . 
  the subtlety is that one can not test the part of the theory that differs from the classic model . 
  it does n't mean that the string theory is not a scientific theory , it means that this theory does not bring anything new to physics . 
  this is exactly my point : string theory has been tested . 
  you can , from the axioms of the string theory ( at least the different version that were explained to me ) , reform many equations of the classical model . 
  so each test of these equations that were performed before and validated the classical model also validate the part of the string theory that included the same equations . 
  once again , the main problem is that the new elements brought by string theories can not be tested today . 
  but string theory still manages to predict precisely what happens in `` classical experiments '' ( i.e. 
  experiments that test equations that exist also in the classical model0 , 
  yes !, 
  but i was reacting to : `` it 's not a scientific theory '' . 
  a large proportion of string theory has been already tested and validated , as it coincides with our classical and well tested model . 
  indeed , new physics predicted by string theory and not included in the classical model can not be tested and thus does n't bring anything new . 
  i do n't see why newton theory would ` nt be a scientific theory just because a more complete one has been built . 
  i do n't include any theory-to-theory consideration . 
  a scientific theory is something that should not be contradicted by experiment and that should predict future experiments with enough precision . 
  string theories fit in this description . 
  i second you on this . 
  it 's not like if op was advertising for some commercial product , but this is not a lpt . 
  you will get better at jumping . 
  that king of exercise is not easy and require some training . 
  i remember when i was playing starlancer . 
  you have to follow a target that is always out of your screen and marked by a little arrow , in 3d , at relatively high speed . 
  it takes some practice to be able to constantly correct your trajectory when everything is moving and flashing but you will get used to it . 
  just practice and practice more . 
  this is even more silly when you know that it is actually much better to bath in the half hour that follows a meal rather than waiting , because digestion does n't kicks in before a few hours . 
  it is actually much worse to wait . 
  i did n't know until now ... 
  i will leave in constant fear now . 
  sorry but no !, 
  50 % of penises are smaller than median , but not average . 
  for instance : if you have 9 penises that are 14cm long and one that is 20cm long , the average is 14.6 cm but almost everyone is below !, 
  median , 50 % are higher and the other 50 % lower than the median , not than the average . 
  avocado burger . 
  my happiness is at maximum when i eat one and slowly degrades until the next one . 
  i discovered them in california but now i 'm back in europe were we do n't have proper burgers nor avocados :'(, 
  did you mean recursion ? 
  europe ? 
  almost everyone in europe drives like in the us . 
  i understand that new players need to be guided , but i agree with you here . 
  the question `` is it just a way of communicating in voice chat in game or is it something more ? '', 
  can be answered in few seconds through google and should have been op 's first step . 
  then maybe come here and ask questions about how to use properly teamspeak in wot , but i ca n't see anything specific to say . 
  to comment on french point of view :, 
  - nothing close to what iamjacksprofile says about zus . 
  some are dangerous , some are n't . 
  saying zus = no police zone is taking a ridiculously quick shortcut that cuts off any analysis possible, 
  - keep in mind that the trauma of the ww2 is still here for many , so attaching a religious consideration to a socio-economical problem is always sensible, 
  - we have even more to share with muslims than some other european countries because of our historical relation with some colonies in north africa . 
  we happen to have retarded muslims just as you , in the us , have retarded christian i would say . 
  not to say christianism is to usa what islam is to france of course . 
  so , i just got the game a week ago . 
  i regularly meet tiers 7-8 battle when driving my a-20 . 
  i ca n't say there is no adrenaline rush , but the games are pretty interesting as there is n't much room for mistakes :d, 
  i am glad they listen to us , the game will definitely benefit from the ability to change audio device . 
  i am learning to scout correctly and it gets more exiting every time . 
  i just finished a game were i spotted half of the team , got away alive , killed a fellow a-20 on the way to finish eating 3 arties before dying not without a fight against a mathilda that i left at 30 % :d, 
  sorry for you . 
  it is too soon to consider it but one day surely you will find a kitten to fill that void boo left in your heart . 
  so you suggest anyone should be free to drink and drive until they kill someone ? 
  i am not assuming anything , this is exactly equivalent to paieo_dragon 's solution . 
  it is beyond stupid because we clearly established some behaviors that are linked to extremely high chances to hurt/kill someone . 
  we punish dangerous people even if they did n't have the chance to kill someone yet when the dangerous aspect of their behavior is well established . 
  well drink and drive is a crime . 
  and it is a crime because we know that when you do it , you put everyone else 's life at risk , and this is not accepted . 
  punishing something because it has huge chances to cause death is not like punishing by anticipation of something that would have caused death . 
  it is completely different . 
  yes you definitely can . 
  to do this , we use data and statistics . 
  and guess what !, 
  the more people are forbidden to drink and drive , the less they kill people while driving . 
  yes i do . 
  that is why cell phone are forbidden when you drive . 
  also , your argument is extremely weak ( not to call it worse ) because we punish `` drink and drive '' , which is a voluntary behavior . 
  being tired is something that has nothing comparable to drinking . 
  it is something completely natural , automatic , and extremely hard to estimate beforehand , while drinking is a 100 % conscious act . 
  also , not being the most dangerous behavior does n't mean not being dangerous . 
  finally , maybe you do n't consider yourself as a citizen of your country , but i do , and i consider the laws applied to me as `` my laws '' , or the laws of `` my country '' , that i and the rest of the citizens want to see applied . 
  thanks , 
  i spent few years playing pvp in eve online and the gameplay evolved around three axes : intel , positioning , and `` roles '' ( scouts , heavy , spec ops ... ) . 
  wot shares a lot of these aspects with eve online . 
  i once dreamt i was spiderman , except i would slip off walls and shoot tiny-ass weak webs . 
  mose disappointing spiderman experience ever . 
  not really anxiety , but youth , actually ( i mean childhood , when you loose your teeth ) . 
  but this is just too general to distinguish any meaning beyond that . 
  i find it insulting when they use such strong analogy when it is inappropriate . 
  in this case i think it is insulting for the women 's cause , because as you said there is nothing comparable between un regulating internet and taliban and women 's right .
