  i know it 's not a popular opinion on reddit but it 's important that kind of point of view to be expressed next to the valid critics made toward russia . 
  yep , corrected , thanks , 
  some of my native language leaking in . 
  kitty was lucky to get your help and care . 
  she 's out in the wild , but it does n't mean she ca n't make it . 
  cats are wild pets , after all . 
  that 's true and many times this is the only way to win . 
  but generally i just feel frustrated when i am with players unable to understand team play , whether we win or not . 
  if after 10-15 min i feel like half of the team has no idea what they 're doing i just lose interest . 
  they could n't swallow french did n't follow in irak war . 
  since then , any french character has been depicted as coward and manipulative in popular movies , and that kind of joke has been reinforced . 
  i find it ironic , coming from the country known for imposing its dominance by pure military power all over the world . 
  i have one monitor in portrait and a second in landscape so i can use this in both and have its borders filled out in black . 
  laves the icons nice and easily readable while having a nice pic in the middle . 
  it 's actually not true at all . 
  the media took biased statistics to sell that . 
  london is the 68th city in number of french inhabitants . 
  not sure of what you mean . 
  the number of americans that live in france is estimated at 100 000 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_diaspora#cite_ref-14 ) . 
  beside that , the population of france is 1/5 of the us population , not 1/10 . 
  the joke existed , i said it got reinforced . 
  the french-movie-character depiction really is obvious . 
  you can see a brutal switch . 
  beats audio systems have integrated equalizer . 
  you can try the normal and beats setup and you hear the beats eq is much better . 
  the trick is , the standard eq proposed is actually shitty , and the beats eq is standard . 
  so they make you compare shitty to standard , pretending you compare standard to beats , and it makes you prefer beats . 
  if you try a beats headset with the beats eq on , and compare it to a good brand headset of the same price , you can hear how beats are not worth their price . 
  i 've bought one ten years ago , a hd497 ( not the best , but enough for what i want ) . 
  this thing is still working fine after i used it daily in the city , traveling , etc. 
  it really deserves a spot next to the nokia 3310 and adamantium on the podium of indestructible things . 
  i changed the earmuffs once , the wire maybe 4 or 5 times . 
  it feels new , it 's incredible . 
  the fact that you can not break ( you can change any part very easily , and any connection between parts , if forced on , just lets go without breaking ) , it makes it so much better than what i could find today . 
  sennheiser even stopped making headsets with detachable cable and easy-to-replace parts because they would last too long . 
  since my hd497 i 've bought several gaming headset , all sennheiser . 
  indeed , the mic breaks first , but the rest is just pure awesome technology . 
  us population is 314m and france is 66m so france population is 21 % the us , not 10 % like initially stated . 
  beside this ( which is still a factor 2 error ! ), 
  i agree , there are just much more people in the us . 
  proportionally speaking though , i think we ( french ) are significantly ahead in term of pills . 
  it works because it is adapted to the usual modern instrumental compositions , and because today many people do not care about equalization enough to use it when it 's already available ( like any mp3 player or many media players ) . 
  definitely , i want to control the eq , and in general i leave it flat because i do n't want to deform my songs . 
  i meant that most people do n't realize what eq really is and that they could get what they buy hundreds of dollars by simply pressing a few buttons . 
  it 's definitely a cheap feature , and the fact that they does n't even call it by its name is even worst . 
  it 's just a well done marketing campaign . 
  it has worked before , and it will worked again in the future . 
  it 's not about lying , it 's about what you sell . 
  they sell dr. dre 's image more than the technology . 
  on a computer , you can correct that even without beats . 
  depending on your sound chipset/card , your drivers allow you various enhancements that you have to customize if you are not satisfied with the way your system sounds http://imgur.com/loyz255 . 
  on a smartphone , i 'm not sure which way is the best to go . 
  bose would be the only brand i would opt for instead of my favorite sennheiser , if i had more money to spend on that . 
  the quality of their product is kind of legendary . 
  to me it 's a luxury i 'd love to afford , you 're definitely not paying the name but the technology . 
  it 's just too good , so it 's very expensive d :, 
  i buy a new one on ebay and it plugs like this : http://imgur.com/rezm3u0, 
  my main concern with high quality headphones is the danger to use them outdoor , put them in backpacks , etc. 
  for indoor use it 's surely worth it and you can keep a pair of awesome headphones more than a decade with no problem . 
  but i fell like i would break it in a week if i took it with me on the go . 
  god , i love american tv . 
  it feels like roman games . 
  nothing better to go with that than his best appearance on screen, 
  here 's the source !, 
  wizard good hero . 
  no it does n't . 
  it could be that there is a common cause for his marijuana use and later drug abuse . 
  in this case the parenting problem is an obvious question . 
  if he was allowed to smoke marijuana at six , there a good chances he did n't get the right education to keep him away from other drugs too . 
  yeah this story is actually a good counter example , as how marijuana ** and ** the other drug abuse are consequences of the parenting he received . 
  sign it and i 'll let you grab my ass . 
  yeah , i mean , why bother and go to russia , when russia can come to you !, 
  this question is indeed more a metaphysical and philosophical question rather than a scientific question . 
  as a mathematician myself , i see mathematics as a tool invented to read and describe nature . 
  when you write and solve an equation , you are making an experiment on nature with your tool . 
  writing that 2 +2 = 4 is actually experimenting it through your representation of numbers and operators . 
  i know it takes away the natural aspect of maths , that then appear as a human tool that could not exist outside of the human mind . 
  but even though the mathematical representation of the nature we built is extremely accurate , it is only a representation that i think does not exist before a human mind formed it . 
  if other animals can do simple operations that looks similar to our mathematical reasoning , it is because their thinking is based on the observation of the same nature than us ,, 
  in this perspective , newton invented the basic rules of calculus , which happen to be a very efficient tool to describe nature . 
  but as fenring said this question can be answered two ways . 
  yes completely , i actually hesitated to mention animals in my first post . 
  of course we are not the only specie to have formed mathematical concepts . 
  many species can obviously distinguish objects and some can do basic operations . 
  i suppose it naturally happens when their brain allows it . 
  they do n't have the same perception as us , so they can not define objects the same way we do , but when you see a spider [ build a web ] ( http://omgne.ws/check-out-these-unbelievable-spider-webs/ ) , you know both species share similar mathematical concepts . 
  and there is no reason not to , as we all build them from interaction with nature . 
  the main difference is , spiders do n't have phds in mathematics . 
  i hope they 'll find time to answer a few of these . 
  please do not ignore us because of the diretide tantrum :(, 
  it does not models nature exactly . 
  it is an idealized way to look at nature that allows us to actually understand and process it . 
  mathematics model nature , in the way that they simplify it when at the same time making some of its properties appear ( like logic , geometry , calculus , algebra etc ) . 
  even if our mathematical concepts can bu pushed at the limit of our understanding , there is no reason to think they describe perfectly nature , because our perception of nature itself is limited . 
  when we see a line made by the form of some objects and identify it to the mathematical concept of line , we are reducing a lot of information ( all the visual information that allows you to see the line shape ) to a few parameters ( orientation and standing point of view , or pair of points , etc ) to describe the line . 
  it is not that our mathematics model nature perfectly , it is mathematics that have been maid to perfectly fit our perception of nature . 
  all that was my personal view , but for those interested you can take a look at the [ gestalt theory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gestalt_psychology ) that deals with the way brain perceives shape . 
  it illustrates well how maths can be seen as a tool for our mind to better understand and predict nature . 
  it is not a mathematical theory , but we got far enough from the topic to be interesting i think . 
  if they have similar objects around them , we will have similar concepts .
