  i am looking for a single idea in his post that is not just wrongly generalized and completely inaccurate . 
  yes it did . 
  sorry brah , downvoting that shameless repost . 
  i though that glacier were actually giant ice cube , digging the earth and leaving valley behind them . 
  maybe not completely cubic , but a big peace of ice , like an ice montain or something . 
  i believed it until i got to work into one of the best geoscience laboratory with the best experts in geophysics and geology . 
  i was 23 . 
  man , we had a good laugh when they told me what they really were . 
  exactly . 
  something that i find very similar is fast food hamburger . 
  a normal hamburger is made of bread , cheese , a slice of salad and a steak . 
  it is pretty healthy although not perfectly balanced . 
  but fast food hamburgers are full of chemicals , to ease digestion , and enhance artificial flavors . 
  it uses the natural addiction that we have for tasty food that was supposed to be a good addiction , pushing us though nourishing food . 
  the meat is composed from the smallest amount of real meat for it to be still legally called meat , etc. 
  what ... is it ... 
  i am stupid as fuck , i clicked . 
  you think i would learn not to . 
  i always trusted the technology not to break the cd . 
  now that i know it can happen i will live in constant fear ... 
  hey white-ra ,, 
  thank you so much for releasing your awesome games . 
  i saw them on husky 's channel ( who , btw , loves you very much and got a significant proportion of his viewers to feel the same about you < 3 ) and it was very interesting . 
  i was disappointed in the balance of the warhound of course , because it * seems * too strong , especially versus protoss . 
  but i wonder why you did not go for more air units . 
  i would like to see what happens if you kep the zealots , in smaller number maybe , and replace robo/templars/arconts with void rays phoenix and tempests . 
  maybe get high templars later to counter if your opponent eventually switches to mass marines to deal with your air units . 
  it seems that every void rays you got paid off really well and phoenix could be the key to prevent the warhounds from retreating . 
  if your opponents sticks to mech and gets more thors this should be no problem for zealots to deal with . 
  i have n't played hots yet but it seems theoretically feasible . 
  you could replace the warp prism zealot drop with oracle harass . 
  well any encounter i had with american police force would have been ruined by this lpt . 
  i know some extremely tensed situations may eventually require you to remember this , but in 100 % of the situations i have been involved , usa or not , this would have brought me a lot of trouble for nothing . 
  god dammit watch out it is eating your cat ffs !, 
  yes of coure , but i fear that some people would think this is the generic way to interact with police force . 
  i agree , some situations might require you ask these questions . 
  but i actually do n't like how the lpt lists all this because it is said as something to do systematically . 
  i think this might be one of the worst advice possible actually , just because of this . 
  you have to adapt accordingly to the situation , as the police officer will . 
  and if you want him to adapt , you have to be cooperative so he could understand you 're not here to fight . 
  if you act so passive-agressively he will do the same and things will get worse . 
  i think the main thing to keep in your mind and in hers is that you love her and you want her . 
  it is hard to say both things : i want you , but not like this . 
  you 're my only one , but something got wrong . 
  i think that the risk of talking to her about this is that she would think you lost interest/attraction to her because of this issue , thus having a demotivating effect instead . 
  it is a very subtle manoeuvre to show that your desire for her remains intact , but also that this desire need more fuel to burn , i.e. 
  more reciprocity , and that she needs to put efforts on this . 
  it may end up in two different ways , roughly : she accepts that this is not going the way you like but that in the same time that you still have desire for her , and she works to get better at what is going wrong , or she focuses on the criticism and stop believing in your love/attraction ( the two meet up at this point ) , and lose even more motivation . 
  but i feel that this talk is necessary , even if i know obviously very little about you and her . 
  landlady . 
  edit : wow !, 
  first , i do n't have access to youtube so i ca n't check the link gemini6ice gave . 
  second , i am not a native english speaker and was simply and honnestly surprised by the world `` landlady '' , that i never saw before . 
  it really looks classy to me , because in french `` lady ' sounds like a respectful and sophisticated way to call a woman . 
  i actually also find the world `` landlord '' classy , but i got used to it as it is much more common . 
  i never meant any sarcasm or anything !, 
  sorry for the misunderstanding guys . 
  not at all !, 
  i edited my comment to clarify that . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i edited my comment . 
  it is the first time i see this world , i actually did n't think it existed , as in french there are many masculine words that do n't have a feminine version and are used for both sexes ( professor , instructor , lots of words in - or actually ) . 
  i assumed you use landlord both for male and female , i did n't realize lady was lord feminine version actually -_-, 
  i meant no sarcasm at all and i respect all the landladies out there as much i respect landlords !, 
  i do n't have access to youtube , nor wikipedia !!, 
  i ca n't check what a straw feminist is . 
  i could risk to guess with a joke about a mix between a feminist and an actual straw but given the way my first harmless comment got misunderstood , i fear the misunderstanding keeps going . 
  so i am not even going to mention that brilliant idea of a joke . 
  i will if you explain me what a straw feminist is :d, 
  is it like a super hardcore fanatic feminist ? 
  or on the opposite , someone that makes fun of feminist by showing an exagerated amount of support for the feminist movement ? 
  or is it something else ? 
  i understand now . 
  no harm , i learned two things today !, 
  i get the nuance , i actually wrote this comment a bit fast . 
  i wanted to be a bit punchy but it worked too well it seems !, 
  i am so far from being a straw feminist that i did n't picture how stupid and agressive my comment could look . 
  100 % of the time , yeah . 
  fortunately what you say about grocery stores is less the case in france where i leave than in the us . 
  sorry for you guys !, 
  it was actually not easy at all to do groceries when i lived in california ( thus california is , it seems , a pretty healthy state in term of food quality ) , in particular because grocery stores are very often full of weird processed food that looks like what you describe . 
  well he got pinched down with a massive sword , but i would suspect him to need more than that to die . 
  i doubt they will take it out , and i hope they do n't . 
  it is not because it is not well balanced that it is a bad unit . 
  two things will happen : blizzard will nerf it to make it interesting but not overpowered , and also other races will figure out build that counter it . 
  i would really like to see protoss go full air + zealots against the new terran mech build . 
  it could be well balanced after the tempest got fixed . 
  in france , forced fellatio is considered as a forced penetration , punished equally to forced vaginal , or anal penetration , and all three are called rape . 
  anyway ginntonic13 is right and i feel extremely sorry for you , op . 
  thanks for doing this ama !, 
  i have a question about human genome and about painkiller and similar drugs : we often take drugs that remove or lessen our body signal , pain for instance . 
  could this behavior gradually become a part of our genome so that the body is programmed to still feel pain , but at a level that is coherent with our awareness of the cause of the pain ? 
  ( say differently , each time i have a cold , i take aspirine because my throat gets irritated and it hurts , even though i do n't need the pain to realize i have a cold . 
  will the human body learn this and stop bombarding the brain with useless pain signal ? ), 
  i 'd go for 50 on ramen guy , and 50 on tenten . 
  yep definetly it looks like him . 
  my bet would be : he used zetsu/senju cells to complete half of obito 's body . 
  then trained him to train nagato to get the rinnegan to revive him ( him = madara ) . 
  for some reason obito would n't have been able to develop the rinnegan himself ( maybe because he had only one eye , or was half destructed by the rocks ) so nagato was necessary . 
  then after nagato revived madara , kill him and get his rinnegan to obito , and bam madara + obito , both with rinnegan , and the plan goes on .
