  - push gives you two things : damage on the enemy tower , and makes your creeps die faster ( by pushing until tower range ) , which can help to prevent your opponent to get the exp , for instance of he left for a rune or a gank . 
  it also has drawbacks , which are exposing you ( as you often have to go in or beyond the river ) , and pushing the wave away ( to avoid when there is someone to get the exp and defend the tower ) . 
  - ganking on the side lanes heavily depends on the different composition and laning setup , as well as runes . 
  the most general consideration is that you to see your target exposed anough . 
  if you do n't have vision , or see them too close to safety , forget about it . 
  is it the only advice this subreddit can give me ? 
  i understand many fans were disappointed with rebirth but keep in mind that i am new to the series so it 's probably better if i start with rebirth , which was a bit simplified since x3 from what i 've read . 
  also , i expected the game to be full of bug and got informed before buying it with a promotion at half price . 
  so i 'm not in the same mindset than some of you guys who jumped on it the day of its release , paid full price , and had to deal with all that has been corrected since then , even though it 's still not optimized completely yet . 
  not only aspirin , but actually a tremendous proportion of drugs we use in pills today came from vegetal . 
  if you read the principles on which homeopathy is based ( like , `` a small dose of a poison can cure a sickness due to a large dose of the same poison '' ) you see it 's not compaptible with medicine ( whether occidental or chinese or whatever ) . 
  we do this as soon as the enemy teams appears to go safe trilane + dark seer . 
  clinkz eats dark seer alive , because he can harass him without suffering from his shiled at all . 
  you can start eating ion shelled creeps with his ult at lvl 6 , and even before that you can kill it quickly with searing arrows . 
  i do n't think it would be that easy facing a bounty or a clock . 
  thing is , ds ca n't do anything to him , while other could . 
  [ obligatory beard contest winner . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/_ugjrblo0ri?t=13s ), 
  yeah , makes you reevaluate your way to see the world and experiment life . 
  i have to say , it 's a classic and in no way original . 
  but anybody who has n't seen it deserve to have a chance to be enlightened . 
  must be because i used a time mark , or an embedded player . 
  are you watching it on mobile maybe ? 
  it should be fixed now . 
  i might not have expressed myself clearly : the video itself is a classic viral video . 
  the beard featured in it is most likely a unique entity in our universe . 
  i 've beaten all ds i fought 1v1 as clinkz fairly easily . 
  it is regularly picked as counter in pro games ( funn1k gave me the idea ) . 
  maybe you saw some clinkz poorly perform but already at lvl 1 ds just can not stay in lane . 
  maybe a bit , in exp range , but that 's it . 
  you just do n't have the mana to spam your ion shell and your surge . 
  you can shell a single target so if you cast it on you then surge , clinkz only has to back off a little bit . 
  ds pushing continuously the lane , you are always very close to your tower . 
  of course you can beat clinkz with ds , but i still favor the clinkz heavily ( again , have yet to see a clinkz lose his 1v1 versus a ds ) . 
  cutting creeps is fairly dangerous and not that common . 
  but if he does that , you just spam your arrows . 
  i do n't know if you realize that ds just ca n't tank a clinkz lvl 1 when creep cuting . 
  ok then , i 'm curious of the result . 
  i 'll be on steam at 11pm cet you can add my second steam account g003tklame . 
  i could n't remember the details on the construction of the cage . 
  i think the hairs are real , but were shaved and saved for the construction . 
  sorry mate i am a bit late . 
  should be online in half an hour !, 
  did n't get the invite !, 
  we will probably try this weekend . 
  scalpers cause an increase of the price of the tickets , which make them unavailable for some . 
  you really have your head far up your ass if you believe what you say . 
  starcraft 2 had none of these problems and could handle about a thousand units in late game too . 
  so i doubt it 's a matter of computing time yeah . 
  it has been shown many times that internet did n't affet or even boosted cds sales . 
  you can consider it as `` madara 's will '' to quote his words , so it 's clearly not a normal being . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's made of a thing closely related to the black rode he used for control or the black ball floating around him now that he got the bijuu inside of him . 
  what would be an example of a remarkably stretched out interbreeding ? 
  i have a borderline question closely related to this topic . 
  was sleep a restorative function gained after the building of complex cerebral structures to provide a resting time , or is it rather than our awaken state is an explorative function ( used to find mates and food ) gained over the default unconscious state ? 
  there was no french flag until a few years after the 1789 revolution , but flags from different cities or region of france . 
  each color of the revolution flag has its origin : red for the [ basilica of saint-denis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basilica_of_st_denis ) , blue for the christian pallium and the king , and white for [ saint michel cross ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_st_michael_and_st_george ) . 
  edit : france is more than just the [ kingdom of france . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/frontiere_francaise_985_1947_small.gif ) . 
  the country starts definitely shaping itself only after 1789 . 
  poor sheever , put to death for the enjoyment of the viewers . 
  if the admins want to do something that is absolutely not supported by the community , there is a problem . 
  pretty sure we invented and patented freedom during the french revolution in 1789 . 
  i am waiting for my 1/60 000 000th of royalties , americans . 
  i do n't think it 's a stretch to assume oro had some information about kaguya . 
  this guy has spent his life obsessed with the power of the so6p . 
  i 'm always curious about what hacks offer . 
  what did this one do ? 
  not directly related , but your comment reminded me of bear 's city at the end of time . 
  it 's a fantastic scifi book where an entity creates things at one point in time by giving them a line of past and future . 
  so the main characters have a point in the story where they not only started to exist in the story , but in the universe at all . 
  it really messes up with our way to think existence and the book is full of stuff like this about matter , space and time . 
  i feel like we 're getting closer to get an explanation about the nature of black zetzu . 
  black zetzu , black rodes to control , black floating balls , the limbo black world . 
  i hope we get an explanation that connect all this . 
  he also said he was going blind in his left eye . 
  it pretty much looked like it was getting setup . 
  following question : if mirrors ( and pictures ) invert left and right , why do n't they invert up and down ? 
  well , the eye still works in terms of sharingan and ms powers . 
  fyi , you also call op the first poster in a thread of comment like this one . 
  also , naga really can use the damage bonus from the relic , while pl 's agility gain gives him a huge right clic in early mid game . 
  she does not get it for the right clic , i just mentioned the relic . 
  having the relic makes you farm the recipe much faster . 
  i was surprised they did this . 
  i followed the thread about this issue and it seems like something deep to modify in the structure of the code . 
  the last time really got me . 
  i thought it was something vibrating in the car near the uc 's mic or something . 
  nope . 
  are n't we 're at the end of the chain , as we still depend on other species ( vegetal or animal ) to feed ? 
  yeah , i am not surprised at all that the difference is perceived through pheromones and smells rather than physical aspect.i imagine some hormones have similar structures through species and can be interpreted similarly . 
  picnic here too . 
  i actually just understood now , after having read various descriptions and explanations , that the scale of the second `` clock '' varies drastically depending on if there will be one , two or three additional minutes to respawn . 
  this is one of the worse decision i could think of when designing a symbol for a timer . 
  yes but it would be out of mist village control then . 
  funny how some alternative pseudo can become nickname 's nicknames . 
  `` johan n0tail big daddy sundstein '' . 
  i think i win a good 75 % on the games where my team agrees on negotiating picks politely , even with borderline picks . 
  also , the `` bubble reaches the temperature of the sun as it collapses '' ?!, 
  i found a more scientific video for those who want to listen to the sound they make . 
  it 's just a vaguely surprising information .
