  at decent level of play , you will not be sitting in lane nuking and draining enemy that would passively stay in range . 
  [ hex is really much better ] ( http://imgur.com/6xqbxwl ) , as you can see it is skilled in first or second except for a few games . 
  ( data from http://www.datdota.com/skill_builds.php ), 
  but you should n't aim the players at the average level of dotabuff . 
  you ca n't justify a choice with the most average statistics possible . 
  hex opens to a much broader set of possibilities compared to just having one disable . 
  sure , you will be ok versus players that stay passively in lane , but you 'll need early hex in order to make the difference in harder games . 
  even at 3k mmr it makes the biggest difference . 
  the point is not if the video is made for me . 
  the point is that nos skilling hex after level 3 or 4 max is very bad . 
  you can get away at lower level , but if you want to improve ( and i guess anyone watching your video wants to improve ) then you should aim at more efficient builds . 
  and the point at which it makes the difference is much below pro level . 
  the matter is the advice to not skill hex before later . 
  i was explaining why i think it 's a bad advice . 
  it 's preciseley because i also know about the hero that i make such comments , i would n't if i was a new player . 
  if you look closely , you see that he dog actually begins to take a step in the direction of the bears right before the mother charges . 
  `` butthurt '' ? 
  i think they do n't want to do that to avoid people designing better bots for item and battlepoints farming . 
  nothing ( living in france ) . 
  nobody ever discussed banning anything in the 15 years i spent in school , and the worst that ever happen was someone getting pepper sprayed . 
  yeah , zero information here . 
  my speculation would be they will take a fifth player , probably a pro dota 2 player , likely right handed . 
  this video only aims at satisfying older generations expecting the classic `` videogames are a childish entertainment that ca n't be taken seriously '' . 
  starting by implying that people go on twitch `` want to watch teenagers just clicking away playing their videogames all night '' , ending commenting on dota 2 ti4 calling it a `` sort of semi-professional spectator sport '' . 
  he 's fuckn perfect . 
  you didnt watch carefuly then , they talk about ti 4 at the end briefly . 
  i contacted them at newsnight@bbc.co.uk to tell them how much bullshit this video was . 
  as french , i could use a million or two . 
  i think it 's a really good answer to the plain horrible journalism shown in bbc 's video . 
  that 's the best he could do , illustrate how biased and limited ther overview was by giving a good piece of information . 
  i find it much more mature than engaging in the polemic of being called children by mainstream tv media . 
  everyone who reads this : your entire life led up to this comment . 
  squares do not exist in real world . 
  they are an ideal representation of your brain in order to simplify and process better visual information . 
  the idea of points that form the square also are an idealized perception . 
  mathematicaly , you could perfectly have what you propose . 
  let 's take the two squares formed by the two set of points { 0 < = x < = 1 ; 0 < = y < = 1 } and { -1 < = x < = 0 ; - & < = y < = 0 } . 
  these two sets form `` tiles '' ( square filled up ) that only share the point ( 0,0 ) . 
  in reality , you could n't describe objects as set of points . 
  you can not have ponctual contact because contact is actually related to the force that make atoms repulse each others ( it 's not my speciality , but would n't it be electrostatic force between the two atoms electron clouds ? 
  you mean waterboard it . 
  they are because any player leaving is replaced with a not , so it 's not as unfair as in real 4v5 . 
  i 'd be too strong , you could add just 100 % time duration to make it worth it i feel like . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  please post pics of giant snail . 
  same with tidebringer , or other effects . 
  they light up the center of the map , on top of dire stairs . 
  it 's really annoying . 
  ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/1/13/meepo_divided_21.mp3 ), 
  same here , from france . 
  looks down to me yes . 
  as a french guy having a lot of interest in us culture , i can give you two elements that to me basically explain almost entierly where this hate comes from . 
  i 've been trying to understand it , because we actually have also a fairly common anti-americanism going on in older generations in france . 
  during cold war , we did n't really ally with the us as de gaulle pursued a very independentist politic . 
  he took independent stances and pushed forward nuclear energy ( and probably also economical and diplomatical measures ) to become less dependent on the relation with the us . 
  keep in mind that communists helped a lot to fight nazis , and the country has an old and deep socialist tradition . 
  then , we did n't follow you in irak 2003 war . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can see bad guys in hollywood movies starting to become manipulative french guys right from this period . 
  what are the two more frequent things that americans have against french ? 
  that we are pussies when it comes to going at war , and that we go on strike all the time . 
  so to me it basically comes down to this , the divergence of the two countries during the cold war , and irak . 
  i 'd be glad to hear other opinions . 
  you 're lucky , in my country you get your right foot chopped off the first time they catch you . 
  i saw a friend of mine put salt on his pizza once . 
  you appear to have repeatedly posted pictures , lying about their origin , using them to submit sob story threads . 
  you seem like a cheeky cunt that deserves a ban . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i enjoy watching people seek for attention and see how much energy they are able to deploy just for this . 
  in the same time , you made me discover the ignore function on res , so i guess you 're taking your part in the reddit ecosystem . 
  i 've no hate for garbage . 
  i was a bit shocked , pizza being probably one of the most salty food you could have , but he was surprised by my reaction . 
  well apparently ee was n't aware this was going on , and they are getting views and donations on the chinese stream too . 
  you can check the update options for dota 2 . 
  you can disable the auto-update which makes the client ask you before downloading it . 
  op is really full of shit and none of his sources backs up the point he tries to make . 
  the first source is bullshit , does n't even specify the name of the study ( literally just mentioning it ) , and op try to generalize on a huge story that happened in toulouse a few years , where a guy being trained as a islamist terrorist killed jews in front of a school . 
  the second source does n't exist . 
  the third source is based on an unpublished study and the fact that offenders mostly are from moroccan origin is based on `` the experience of a 22 year old in the street '' . 
  as a french jew , i can tell you that poor people are much more enticed to racism and antisemitism . 
  it 's not being muslim or migrant that makes you hate jews , but you have more chances to end up in lower social class as migrant ( and we '' imported '' many migrants from our old , in majority muslim colonies ) where you have much more racism , from anyone without any ethnical distinction . 
  i have n't got any ( more ) hate since the operation in gazza started . 
  are you implying that twitch is hard to use/understand ? 
  it could n't be simpler , and it is not banned nationally in china . 
  but you do n't need to read anything to use twitch . 
  you just follow someone 's stream url and with a single click you 're done . 
  all i did was pointing out how your sources did not back up your point . 
  in this comment , you just refuted my personal experience , which is by the way what we are asked for in this thread . 
  i did not try to back up my opinion with sources , as it is my opinion . 
  but what i said about first and third sources remains . 
  you argue against my personal experience with a source based on `` the experience of a 22 year old in the street '' , and that refer to unpublished studies , or do n't even refer the study . 
  that 's a good enough level of bullshit to call you out for me . 
  you seem to be willing to take any rhetorical shortcut to make your point , and it 's really not convincing . 
  every 60 seconds of doto equals another minute of singsong not talking . 
  please raise awareness of this epidemic , thank you . 
  it 's an actor , the story is n't real . 
  edit : i never said anything about the message conveyed by the video . 
  i am just saying that this is not someone telling about his personal experience , but an actor and a ( well ) written script . 
  you decide if it takes away from the message or not , stop trying to convince me that it does n't . 
  okay but it still not a dude with his experience at all . 
  i never even mention the message it conveys .
