  i often find myself yelling `` biggest balls '' when i manfight versus a single , stronger opponent in reference top this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf8ce-729la&amp;noredirect=1, 
  as i just said : `` he reacts mostly how i would react in similar situations . '' . 
  he reacts spontaneously and with excitement . 
  no , like someone having fun and not playing only for the result . 
  i looked at an old patch note , it 's full of rubick fixes for almost every hero in the game . 
  first callibration match i played , i picked mid after only a single teammate picked ( druide , wanted to jungle ) before the end of the pick phase ( others being silent ) . 
  1min30 after , we have to pause because the three others still have n't picked , while the whole ennemi team already had picked . 
  then , one of the three picks kunkka and asks for mid . 
  i convince him to go safe farm . 
  then , a second asks for mid . 
  once again , i explain . 
  he then pickes am and goes in hard lane with the last as omni . 
  well , it happened that omni and am were a single person playing both heroes . 
  we had no proper support , and the dude failed every plays he was involved with the two heroes . 
  the game was lost before it started : /, 
  there are actually two problems :, 
  - battle bonus covers some sort options, 
  - sort options do n't work, 
  i had seen that once , before this second time . 
  the first time i 've seen someone dual box , it was lina am calling for dual mid when the creeps spawn , while i was already mid with qop \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  it 's nothing close , as the different european countries share so much less than american states . 
  picking a country in europe would be closer to picking a country in north central and south america . 
  channeling requires you to keep moving . 
  i find the harmony incredible and sounding way better with the voice . 
  the jazz colors allow to follow the very weird tone of talking . 
  awesome !, 
  simply the armor mechanics on the towers shows a lack of depth in the balancing of the game . 
  it 's like setting up timer for laning and pushing phases . 
  the way you describe it sounds more like starcraft 2 , where evrything is extremely thightly timed , and any small decrepancy often ends up deciding the game ( and you have game timing almost as systematic as this tower armor mechanics ) . 
  but here it 's completely arbitrary and artificial , while sc2 's timing are only related to the insanely good balancing of all the build time , harvest mechanics etc. 
  in sc2 , you definitely can brake these timing though , even if they have been proved optimal by experience . 
  more stable but slower . 
  yeah , the kitty looks fine and stable . 
  i once played with a russian that spoke a bit of bad english with a thick accent . 
  he sound a bit dumb at first , but he played a very decent witch doctor ( even though he went shadow blade bkb leaving the second support as hard hard support ) . 
  he asked me to teach him english , he was very humble and sorry to not be able to speak as well as we would ' v wanted to . 
  he was pretty fun to play with , and the broken russian english can be very fun to hear and in the end he played with it a little . 
  i wish you strength and luck with your condition . 
  do you have it under medical treatment ? 
  but i am not the comos !, 
  i am a small bit of it , and i define myself as such . 
  i am not everything that ever was and ever will be . 
  i am part of it , and i am particularly attached to that small bit of universe that is myself . 
  and this small bit of cosmos will certainly never come back together after my death , and it will be gone forever . 
  we do not exist as a human being before our birth , nor after our death . 
  and i do n't give a fuck about the atoms that compose me , which are actually expandable ( we continuously replace atoms from our body with new atoms coming from food , air , etc ) . 
  i am attached to my mind ( conscious and unconscious ) , and my body as a living organism . 
  yes , the return damage from your blade mail and the self harm that pudge gets from his rot are two independent things . 
  i get your point , but if you take it literally , it is still `` wishing for more jew gased '' . 
  the truth in this story is that it 's just dieudonne making anyone he can talk about him . 
  and what is easier than the so classic 2nd ww holocaust . 
   not to mention the power to control what you 're allowed to wear . 
  in no country that i know , you are free to wear anything you want anywhere you want . 
  there are things forbidden like running naked in the streets , or wearing a nazi shirt promoting racial hate . 
   france like most of europe , does n't have true free speech, 
  it 's forbidden to promote racism in france , and it 's been known for decades . 
  i do n't really see it as a negation of the human right , nor do the vast majority of other french people . 
  in this case , he makes a move with his arm that can be interpreted as a reverse nazi salute ( instead of rising the arm with the hand tensed , you aim at the ground with your arm http://www.slate.fr/sites/default/files/photos/militaires.jpg ), 
  he said himself that it was an antizionist gesture , but not antisemitic . 
  beside that , he 's been having antisemitic statements since 2003 , mostly - in my opinion - to get a bit of light back on him . 
  he was condemned several times because of them . 
  all this is mostly french tripping on their holocaust trauma ( very deep in numerous european countries ) , triggered by this dude who tries to have newspapers write about him . 
  in the us , you are not allowed to wear anything anywhere you want still . 
  you ca n't go naked to school , so you do n't have full freedom to wear anything you want . 
  he said himself it was antizionnist . 
  he has been condemned several time for hate speech since 2003 . 
  you are completely right , the only problem is the preemptive aspect of the interdiction . 
  thing is , this guy is known to repeatedly have hate speech , and already explained his anti semitic position that he tends to also express on stage . 
  it seems they want to forbid him to spread ** more ** hate , as he has already done it quite a lot . 
  but once again , there is actually no real issue here . 
  we have a few of these guys in france , trying to be talked about in the news using whatever controversial topic that will work . 
  dieudonne must have a bit of true antisemitism inside him that he chooses to show to make his ( rather thin and currently not very relevant ) public image a bit more interesting . 
  is n't it well established that obama is literally hitler ?!, 
  more seriously , this gesture has several interpretations . 
  it can also be a way to flip the bird , in an old fashion way , like a `` bras d'honneur '' ( literally , honor arm ) http://peclet.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/coluche_bras_d_honneur_pics_3901_698.jpg, 
  so it depends on the context . 
  he himself said it was an antizionnist gesture . 
  i personally have no interpretation of it , i do n't care . 
  but lots of people interpret it this way . 
  i 've been playing for a bit less than ten years , mainly blues/jazz/rock impro with friends . 
  recently i have n't found many occasion to play with them and have n't been playing much at all because of that . 
  would you recommend it for me as just a backtr tool i could play over ? 
  give birth . 
  we had been doing it fine - that is the woman laying on her side - until louis xiv requested to have his mistress laying on their back and a chair to sit and watch them give birth . 
  since then , it is common for women to give birth laying on their back in developed countries , while it brings nothing but danger and discomfort . 
  this is still the main flaw of this game to me . 
  i ca n't understand how it looked like a good idea . 
  it ruins some very deep aspect of design and balancing , as well as being completely incoherent in term of mechanics . 
  they did n't just remove it . 
  the health orb drop is there to fill the void left by lifesteal , which is a brainless mechanic that oversimplify a deep aspect of hack and slash games . 
  that powershot into furion 's sprout . 
  it almost looked like he did it on purpose juste because he was angry but it must be rage confusion . 
  actually the tooltip only mentions the ult . 
  the ability to stop the dive being a second , independent one , it is not mentioned in the dive tooltip . 
  it 's the only one which is not vertical but rather spherical . 
  it 's a pain in the butt to fit in the sauce dipper !, 
  depending on the rts series people played most , you might have got used to the minimap being located in bottom right or bottom left corner so valve gave us the possibility to switch between the two . 
  well it 's almost pure corn syrup and palm oil so it is the worst form of calories . 
  it did when akatsuki tried to capture bee . 
  he escaped through a bit of tentacle cut away from 8 tails body .
