  then i will give it a try . 
  i will just try and access https://sites.google.com/site/lordbean/fallout3fixes before to see if this is what i mentioned , if i managed to deal with the blocking . 
  edit : i still ca n't access the link and it is getting late here . 
  i will see if i can find more about it tomorrow . 
  it is so frustrating not to have access to youtube !! 1 !, 
  wow , actually just your `` x -- x -- x-x - '' made me remind that the original was actually 5/4 . 
  when i sing it in my head it is clear . 
  and so yes , they `` slowed down '' the theme for tom cruise 's films i guess , turning it in x -- x -- x -- x -- x-x - , adding a beat and making it actually a 16/8 if i got that right . 
  no problem it is not my first internet miscommunication , you do n't need to delete the comment !, 
  and actually i think i know why you did n't get downvoted :, 
  - you were right about my imprecision even if you were harsh highlighting it, 
  - you used a freakin list in your post, 
  - which makes it much more impressive and notalbe than a simple `` cool story '', 
  i think it is simply because the song is very old . 
  there is several generations that got used to this very classic theme . 
  i do n't disagree about tdkr theme but i still think that less people saw it compared to the number of time take five was heard . 
  at least i hope d :, 
  4 hours later , i thank you . 
  you read my mind better than i did !, 
  come here you guys [ < 3 ] ( http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/24048000/ngbbs4fe95d3185aea.png ), 
  do n't feel bad !, 
  i saw glass crafting in person ( on an island in front of venice ) . 
  it seems like a hard meticulous art , but the tool the guy is using is actually a magic wand and the guy is simply using black magic . 
  when you perform a search request qith reddit search tool , there is a question `` satisfied ? 
  [ yes ] [ no ] '' on the top right corner of the frame with your initial request . 
  i guess it was meant to benchmark the efficiency of the search tool and i wondered if it was still useful anyhow . 
  very true . 
  i feel the same for shower . 
  spent 3 days camping/hicking in death valley , and could n't agree more !, 
  but i feel like i missed my shower almost as much . 
  can you imagine going for a threesome ? 
  i ... hum , nothing , i 'll keep it for myself . 
  confirmed , just look at his comment history . 
  i upvoted him as much as i could . 
  my guess is a stupid dumbfuck that tries to counter the image of canadian people being nice . 
  i ca n't imagine neither . 
  i think that 's why op is searching for people that have experienced such a pain . 
  i am sure there are places and people to talk about it that will bring you some support . 
  i hope you will find peace . 
  reddit does n't get your sarcastic sarcasm , but i do , 
  yeah some people are sometimes not good at judging which places are for children . 
  you know what ? 
  you should authorize children in the wedding , but then serve only alcoholic beverages , organize a wet shirt challenge ( for both sex of course ) and replace salt and sugar with cocaine . 
  on a more serious note i totally agree , if they ca n't accept your rules at your own wedding , they have a problem , not you !, 
  did you get pregnant ? 
  if so , this is not rape , sorry . 
  pff , you 're no fun :(, 
  sadly , it is very similar to what happens in france . 
  political oppositions are the real problem , because both sides frantically reject ideas from the other , when you know that you need a balance between the two of them . 
  the former french president sarkozy was kicked out by people agruing that `` during his time , the debt exploded , the economy was depply hurt , and lots of people lost their jobs ! '' . 
  i 'm not saying he did a perfect job but seriously , think about the context damn it . 
  what we really need in france ( and i think we need it even more than you in the us , this opposition has been hurting the country for so long with absurd strikes , reforms being canceled or systematically blocked etc ) is a national political union . 
  the german did started this with chancelor schroder if i get the dates right ( ca n't verify my source because not access to wikipedia or other sites ) and basically this is why they are much more stable than many other countries in europe right now . 
  you are right , i tend to focus on the problems i know best but the fact that it is technically difficult to vote for some american citizens is revolting . 
  same about money : lobbies exist everywhere but you have a real thing going on . 
  same for your remark on military spending , although this point is very specific as it go far beyond political issues ( i mean that the hystorical component in such behavior is also very important . 
  like your constitution includes gun owning rights for instance , which to me can not be thought to be unrelated to your political approach of military business . 
  not saying this is the only reason you go on war , but this is related ) . 
  as a gamer who litteraly has grown with counter strike ( from 12 to 19 almost all my time playing a fps was spent on hl/cs , or eventually l4d2 ) it makes me really happy to read this . 
  the spirit of this game is very different than all the `` simulations '' like bf or cod and to me , cs is the only serious fps i feel i could spend years on . 
  i just love the game and i am very happy to see it gettinng the attention it deserves . 
  edit : also concerning the pc orientation of this subreddit , to me cs is pc oriented by definition , because it was exclusive to pc for a long time . 
  until recently it was impossible to hope to have a similar experience on console , for various reasons . 
  have you tried it on pc ? 
  because this is also part of the reason why i never got into any fps on console : i just ca n't shoot without my mouse . 
  i use winrar on a daily basis . 
  but i have n't paied for it . 
  i could spend my whole week end gaming , not paying attention to the outside world . 
  oh wait i still do that . 
  maybe you will have a chance to try it on a friend 's computer . 
  do some player use a mouse on console or is it 100 % gamepad ? 
  well that does n't stop you from enjoying cs . 
  pc , ps3 , xbox , we are share the same dream : headshot . 
  i think that most people think i am happy most of the time , while it may actually vary a lot . 
  i try to display a positive behavior , to enhance social interaction . 
  it is easier to function , but also helps when you feel sad . 
  i am good at letting a problem in a corner of my mind when i need to work or do something social . 
  i do n't deny anything but just manage to deal with it internally when i chose to . 
  guys , we are not here for spectacular , we are here for rigorous science . 
  so please gypsycamptrash , would you provide source of what you are saying with , i do n't know , pictures ? 
  1 ) buy camera and as many cats as karma allows, 
  2 ) take pictures, 
  3 ) post on reddit, 
  i could never do such a job . 
  i feel so much respect for you guys . 
  you are heroes , nothing less . 
  i came here for tits . 
  but i 'll take the pitchforks . 
  it is unbelievably well balanced and this is why i like it so much , of course also because i love the theme of crappy zombie movie which is genuinly reproduced in the game . 
  it is easy to understand and to play , but you can reach an excellent level of teamplay if you take the time to communicate with teammates . 
  yeah that 's the idea . 
  french people have simply no sense of economy . 
  they do not understand how it works , so they use simlple ideas to solve complex problems :(, 
  we almost never talk about figures when dealing with major economic reforms . 
  how can we not end up like [ this ] ( http://img.anongallery.org/img/4/1/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing-dog.jpg ) ? 
  i ca n't explain like a real psychoanalyst , because i am not . 
  but i had long conversations with one of my close family member who is one about sexuality and especially about homosexuality . 
  i am straight and i ca n't imagine being gay , although i totally accept that other people could be . 
  what was answered to me is too complicated for me to explain in english here , but i can point out something that is a key element in this question of male/female homosexuality . 
  during the formation of homosexual personality , the question of the physical difference between men and women is obviously essential .
