  just do n't forget your tupperware suit . 
  i miss the metastasizing cancer . 
  when you could have a group of illusions going on its own way and eat up a whole lane multiplying along the way . 
  also le pen has nothing but brexit-like promesses that do n't make any sense on a realistic level ( like abandoning the euro and going back to the franc currency ) and has nothing close to a political backbone . 
  if you did n't know about this you 're in for a treat . 
  banegees https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72hlzcrn7lk, 
  i know what op means , but it 's unlikely valve will ban people right now . 
  they 'll likely wait a couple of weeks for the new tool to spread before taking down all the involved accounts . 
  it should get better , but one thing is still to be considered . 
  the pace at which money can be transformed into finished game features varies with the funding , and it 's easy to see why at some point more money means a lower rate of conversion . 
  so your hotel is nicer , but gets finished later , which means a higher risk taken while waiting for everything to be done . 
  added to that , the unexpected aspect of the very large funding adds to the risk factor , which also increases with funding . 
  not to say i do n't like what the developers have done thus far with the funding , i am actually very impressed . 
  you ca n't chose not to use your money but you can participate to the decision to change the government . 
  and with his hunting elk too , holding the wire down until the guys comes and finishes it . 
  i use something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mofzgti.jpg ) . 
  it has the advantage to be extremely small and lightweight . 
  it has the drawbacks of requiring an elevated point to mount both of them where you will play , and that those mounting points must be adapted so that the pliers will get a good grip on them . 
  i bought mine from [ amazon ] ( https://www.amazon.fr/gp/product/b00nibqxgs/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s00?ie=utf8&amp;psc=1 ) . 
  nice try everyone knows they amplify government 's spy satellite signal . 
  old player reporting in , what became node reinforcement ccp introduced to prepare for huge lagfests like this ? 
  cutlass blue . 
  i hate the current cutlass because i 'm a normal human being , but i 'll be damned if i do n't stick to my guts . 
  non-native speaker here , i 'm having a hard time translating `` being doa in debt '' . 
  i understand they have a huge debt but what doa stands for ? 
  ha , thanks . 
  i actually know what it means in literal medical context but did n't make the connection . 
  i 'm not sure it 's about exclusivity , maybe more about unoptimized parts of the game ? 
  i 'm not saying it makes it ok , but i find it more likely . 
  could n't this simply mean they have planned to optimize the parts that are locked for now but have n't done it yet ? 
  i see . 
  still though , i find it weird because the latest i7 gen is not advertised on their website , and that would be the first time i 'd see such strict restriction , especially towards other products of the same brand ( and with similar specs ) . 
  also i 've never seen hard cpu-based restriction like this one . 
  i still wonder if this could n't be a case of `` we tested it with latest i7 but ca n't guarantee optimal support of other generations yet '' , but i have to say i do n't know much about the developer or even the game itself in general . 
  i ca n't imagine why you would make it latest i7 exclusive and not advertise for it . 
  and even though it would be a very bad way to promote the cpu , people wo n't change their cpu for a single game , especially if their current one is already capable of smoothly running other vr titles . 
  ah good old le pen with inflammatory stupid solutions to deep and complex social and economic problems . 
  i hope brexit and trump 's election were enough to push us to think before voting for shallow promises . 
  hey purge , i think people really enjoy your occasional awkwardness , just like slacks ' , even if you two have opposite styles . 
  you 've done great along the latest majors exposing more of your dry humor , and the awkwardness goes great with it . 
  i agree , he 's perfect for the desk now . 
  confident yet modest , and with very good insight in general . 
  i 'm going through the sub and it seems that beside the glitched 669 gold , this seems like a new record . 
  it 's still rising , it might reach a hundred . 
  it 's also doing business with a space prince , which can only be a positive element on your resume when applying to a new corporation . 
  we could only count experience from unit death like creeps or heroes to avoid the tom problem . 
  eve online taught me two things : a single global server is key to a united game , and good game design can make rp and pvp almost indistinguishable and totally compatible . 
  / u/saltyboy123, 
  blademail works much better on alchemist than a ghost scepter because of his huge hp regen . 
  you can tank easily while reflecting all right clicks . 
  saying that muslims are a problem because they are muslim as an official is considered hate speech , which is forbidden in france . 
  c l u c k y t h e c h i c k s e n d s h i s r e g a r d s, 
  also please save us from windows 10 or even 8 , i plan on staying on 7 a decade or two before i can seamlessly transition to linux . 
  could be the other way around , people in better health stay active longer . 
  he 's talking about the other person , not the child . 
  this is also the only final fantasy game i played that i quit in what still felt the first part of the game , after 10-20 hrs . 
  i found the gameplay and the characters and their dialogues surprisingly dull and my interest dropped . 
  well ... that makes it at about my mmr feelsbadman, 
  this https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/5rv434/all_moderators_of_this_sub_are_useless/, 
  yep , as well as funding the extremists like le pen and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  they sure do , we did n't wait for putin before voting for populists when the economy is bad . 
  but both far right and far left extremists still receive russian funding , and defend russian positions ( syria , crimea ) . 
  and the funding only can make them stronger and reinforce the natural drift toward extremes that hard economic conditions lead to . 
  you can find a lot of information here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( france ) . 
  le pen calls for revolution and complete change of system by taking back all that was taken by evil government and europe . 
  wants to close border , exit union and currency , etc. 
  i would n't be too worried as vive updates are known to regularly break things . 
  i would probably consider reinstalling vive software , and maybe steam vr if you ca n't get it to work . 
  it 's like , almost 100 % of the problem we face in the modern information era . 
  not that it is false , but only presented partially ( as in , not in its entirety ) and with distorted context , which makes it biased and not objective . 
  if you had offer us voters the choice between clinton 's email scandal and trump potential collusion with russia , the debate would have shaped completely differently . 
  joke 's on you !, 
  it was actually us , the french . 
  do n't forget we have nuclear weapons too , we too can fuck shit up !, 
  you just wait for us to elect le pen and we 'll show that russia and the us are not the only one playing in the big league !, 
  how about increasing military budget by 10 % , does that make enough pixels ? 
  until the most recent malware-like push for w10 where closing the window to upgrade actually planned for upgrade , w10 had less users than windows xp . 
  i had to bypass the link box as the headset wouldnt ' be detected if i did n't . 
  i found this solution on this sub in a thread where people where discussing similar problems where headset would n't be detected or track correctly if going through the link box . 
  this solution had been working for a couple of months , and this did n't brought up the mirroring warning until recently . 
  the problem requiring me to bypass the link box suddenly arose several months after i started using the vive with no problem at all . 
  i had to reinstall drivers to fix tracking/detection issue . 
  headset and/or controller were n't detected properly ( after al the problems i had , i ca n't remember which it was this time ) , reinstalled the driver and the problem was fixed . 
  i always use the vive in the same room , and managed several times to have correct gaming sessions . 
  right now if i want to troubleshoot further i 'd have to manually uninstall usb drivers if i want a chance to reinstall the steam vr tool because it will just not uninstall if i simply tell it to through steam , as suggested [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/vive/comments/521k0p/how_do_i_uninstall_steam_vr/ ) . 
  i know all of this is fixable , but i ca n't spend a couple of hours before each session troubleshooting everything every time i want to boot up my vive . 
  every time i manage to make the thing work , and next time something completely different happens . 
  the vive is the single piece of hard/software causing me issues with my computer that runs perfectly fine beside all this . 
  i 'll consider this option then , even though my [ p9x79 ] ( https://www.asus.com/us/motherboards/p9x79_pro/ ) should n't fall in the category you describe . 
  i 've had troubles with usb3 ports which i already avoid . 
  i hope this will help making things more stable with the vive . 
  yes i will try to revert my previous fixes like bypassing the link box . 
  i 'll look into the mirroring option . 
  several weeks can pass between two session on the vive and i understand various parts , from steam vr to hardware firmware can evolve regularly . 
  but i 've had many problems beside that , which get very time consuming . 
  today , everything seemed ok after doing various firmware updates , but during steam room setup my controller would n't move when i tried to trace my play area . 
  i had no other warning or error message . 
  i tried to reinstall the steam vr tool from steam but could n't . 
  when i right clicked on it and clicked uninstall , i had the usual steam window telling me to wait during the process , then nothing . 
  the window would close , and the tool would stay installed .
