  he often tries hard , in the way that he rarely goes on goofy feeding spree like singerino , and almost always weights a lot in teamfight because of his good laning . 
  he often goes mid and assures the game can continue even if shit goes down on side lanes . 
  and in the same time he fits perfectly well in the stream , i never hear him really complain because someone does n't play as seriously as he is . 
  goodbye thread , we had a good run . 
  see my edit . 
  no flame pls i em new . 
  i 've got into the game with the free trial and i try to get more info talking and interacting with people in game rather than immediately looking on the web because i miss the intense interaction you needed to have when playing eve online . 
  so far , 100 % of people in party where polite , or silent ( just doing their job ) , and a good portion was friendly . 
  i 'm used to try and make boring dungeons a bit more fun by roleplaying a bit through party chat , often simply as dumb adventurer , and i always get positive feedback with sometimes a couple of smiley faces , sometimes commendation , sometime people partaking in my joke . 
  so far i found the game a bit quiet ( nobody speaks in `` say '' !, 
  i have n't seen any chat being spammed or just overloaded with people so far and i approach my first lvl 50 ) but pretty noon friendly . 
  doing this to her the very same day of her birthday is a bit douchey ... 
  and nelson as general of the armies . 
  you get it completing the rising event i think http://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/the_rising, 
  edit yes this is the bottle in question http://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/realm_reborn_red, 
  as a european , this is the first time i hear about swatting . 
  i had no idea this was a thing until you post this , so i was guessing the guy was in some kind of real trouble , maybe having been mistaken for a real terrorist because of a misinterpretation of data about his cs activity . 
  ember not really picked ? 
  i am a bit disappointed , but also full of hope . 
  i know these guys can pull some amazing stuff . 
  it 's a rough start , but it 's just a start . 
  i was just starting to get into it right when i expected the violins to come in when i realized how short the video was . 
  edit : for all the frustrated , i like this version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs0t8cd4uha, 
  you are making the most basic mistake in logic . 
  it is in no way a matter of opinion but just basic language . 
  people from a jewish state maybe be mostly or all jew , but not all jew support or are from israel . 
  a country 100 % jew is not a country composed by 100 % of the jews that exist . 
   being anti-israel, 
  so being against people that live there, 
   the jews do n't deserve, 
  implying all jews on earth, 
  you make also the mistake of confusing `` criticizing a state '' and `` thinking it should not exist '' . 
  finally , identifying religion and citizenship is the basis of the ideology that fueled the holocaust , in that the idea was to oppose a religious group ( jews ) to the people of a nation ( germans ) . 
  if you think that israel is to jews in the world what france is to french , you have lots to learn about the history of israel and the distinction between religion and citizenship ( or nationality ? 
  not sure of the appropriate term ) . 
  what do you think about a french jew being against israel actions ? 
  the other chart was unreadable compared to this one for a noob like me . 
  well , do n't take these pictures for granted . 
  i was doubtful going through the pictures , but the last one is way over the top to be credible . 
  this is what you get in a typical french hospital : http://imgur.com/a/vbqgz, 
  yeah op 's last picture is just not credible . 
  i love my country 's food and gastronomy but come on . 
  man , i wish i had the same 3k teammates as you do . 
  my dazzle would probably save tp gold for his aghs that he will reach at 30 min and not even show up . 
  you ca n't say it was n't a clutch play . 
  as i said , around 3k the point is not to clic the right ability on the hero which people tend to know how to do , but rather being aware of other 's situation . 
  yeah , this thread is more `` til not everyone does as americans do '' . 
  probably taking revenge for the awful cup of tea . 
  my english level skyrocketed from the day i picked up eve online being 13 years old with a relatively decent english level at the start . 
  could n't he smoothly make the accent disappear ? 
  it worked for ross . 
  it 's not what op said though . 
  the alternate version would be : `` if you can text while doing it , you can drink while doing it '' . 
  it lead up to a sort of campaign against this idea with several funny parodies like `` to prevent unfair compeittion with regular mail , emails will be delivered the next day they are sent '' or `` to prevent unfair compeittion with libraries , google will delay its result by 15 min '', 
  no no no no , this ca n't be . 
  it must have been an american who found it in the street and proceeded to have it sent by american employees from the embassy , who used an american international mail service . 
  dude when you die you take your karma points with you in heaven and they are used as currency . 
  one american passeport retreived , a good move regarding russia ... man we 're on fire today !, 
  oh man , i started in 2003 . 
  dota 2 is very similar to eve in the attribution of roles and positioning . 
  you litteraly can have a support blinking in and securing a disable on a key target to let him die during the fight , like an inty keeping a point on a target till the enemy fleet blows it up . 
  and it takes the same sense of teamwork and dedication to focus on your task during the game , being protecting the big dps source , getting intel around the map , or farming as efficiently as possible when your teammates are creating space on the map for you than following a fleet commander 's order , depending your position on the fleet . 
  as you said you won because of your team coordination . 
  it is often what makes the difference , up to the highest level of professional play . 
  this game that you had , it 's like the occasional huge fleet battle where you get no lag , awesome fights , and a full killboard at the end . 
  you ' l get shitty games , with sometimes server issues , awful teammates , or just no luck . 
  but from time to time , like in eve , you get that match that makes you think `` yeah , i could take a few more shitty games if i can get another one like that '' . 
  well , he will fit well among us then . 
  you could even have a system where you can punish unfriendly players by reporting them to valve . 
  so you know you have 100 % true friendly people . 
  less than 25 % of the current frontpage of / r/dota2 are pictures . 
  mirror https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pmi0nkjfhc , and another version https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt_ww5dh-kc, 
  edit : first mirror down , but second version still up . 
  even though it 's a different approach , it still captures the raw essence of skillz that emanates from the protagonist of this incredible tale . 
  in order to preserve this piece of art , i put it here http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=f58_1409927186 . 
  so people know , the original mirror also included very subtle editing . 
   she took a few solids hits and kept getting up, 
  that 's how winning is done http://youtu.be/mk82j1jqw_8?t=2m38s . 
  i 've been there man . 
  looking for something . 
  looking for light . 
  and then i see it . 
  the mirror . 
  reflecting in all its beauty the magnificent no-scoped mlg 360 headshot . 
  can you explain please ? 
  still fine cheese compared to the flavored gum sold in the us . 
  seriously , it really just looks like a rounding effect . 
  if your expected gain is stricly below 1 item , do n't you have a chance to get zero item ? 
  merci is thank you in french . 
  merci . 
  eyes are at 40 % wetness already, 
  you say that as if it was a common situation on waga 's stream . 
   this is why i like streams that do n't show donations, 
  you come in a thread about sub train , and say that this is why you prefer `` streams that do n't show donations '' . 
  what is happening is not usual . 
  if you think it is you do n't understand what is happening . 
  i have never seen waga stop playing because he could n't keep up with subs . 
  the hype is real, 
  edit : 100 sub choo choo . 
  waga 's gone full screen face cam and is breaking down bit by bit .
