i ca n't second this enough . 
  it 's a fantastic newspaper . 
  the yearly subscription to the print edition also gets you the online and app edition which comes with an audio transcript which is perfect whilst driving . 
  the weekly round ups at the front are filled with stuff that the other major news sources fail to report . 
  but assuming the roads are funded by more than the sales tax you spent in germany , then you are gaining use of a product that you have n't paid for . 
  merkel herself said that the road is being paid for out of german road tax , which i assume you do n't pay . 
  if you spend more than 10 euros in germany , great , no one is forcing you to do so , and now you just have to weigh it up against the extra cost of going . 
  in my mind , it wo n't put people off going to germany . 
  makes sense , it 's paid for by the german taxpayer . 
  it 's also a cap of 130 euros a year , with a minimum of 10 euros for 10 days use , which is very reasonable . 
  it amazes me that retail workers get paid more than distribution centre employees anyway . 
  in the uk warehouse wages are about 50 % higher than retail pay . 
  gcses are awful for langugaes , i got an a in german ( 2007 ) and remember basically nothing apart from sentence structure . 
  i did french gcse and the a-level , but have had to carry on reading books in french just to keep my level up , my speaking is atrocious . 
  i learnt spanish as an extra-curricular course at uni , 15 2-hour lessons and i feel my spoken is almost as good as my french is now ( helped by cognates ) and it being easy to read . 
  i also try to keep this up by watching films and stuff . 
  it 's so difficult keeping well-practised without speaking to natives !, 
  maybe it 's a language / culture thing but i genuinely ca n't believe that people have n't understood that that is sarcasm . 
  which is why it 's great that he 's coming out with stuff like this . 
  i would n't call it unfair . 
  wales just does n't generate money and is subsidised already by london and the south east . 
  if wales were actually getting a raw deal from the uk then i imagine there would be more of a separatist movement . 
  like i said , i would be happy for free trade and movement , but in terms of treating the eu like a government and giving it money to redistribute , i 'm not such a fan of . 
  i would be happy to leave the eu if it meant that we could move around europe and trade without barriers . 
  ditto the uk , i 'm indifferent towards being the `` u.k. '' , if scotland , wales and ni want to be british , so be it , on the other hand , if they want to leave , i 'm happy to let them do so . 
  thank fuck for thatcher and her rebate . 
  without that , britain 's net contribution would be around # 3bn higher . 
  i 'm all for free trade and free movement across europe but the eu seem overly power-hungry at times and i do n't see how they can best decide to spend money in all the different countries . 
  the article argues that the eu put money into the north of england , but the fact is that it 's britain 's money to start with , and we get less back than we put in . 
  they also say our eu contribution is lower than our aid contribution like it 's a bad thing . 
  i , for one , am happy that it is , as the countries receiving aid from us actually need it . 
  ( 1/16 ) ^ ( degrees of separation ) e.g. 
  ( 1/16 ) ^ 2 = 1/256 irish . 
  * source : none *, 
  exactly , even a conservative estimate using gdp inflation but current pp standards would mean that $ 10 in 1970 's poland would be worth $ 125 today . 
  ( 1973 $ 1 ~ = 2014 $ 5 , us ppp per capita is currently around 2.5 x poland 's ) a closer estimate would probably be four times that ( $ 500 ) if you assume that poland 's ppp back then ( per capita ) was a tenth of the us 's . 
  honestly , i know you 've got a british flair and this probably does n't help but for it jobs there are so many positions right now in england . 
  whether it be programming or consultancy , firms are crying out for qualified staff . 
  surely they would be negotiated if were solely a trading bloc ? 
  that 's the point of them , to reduce/eliminate barriers to trade . 
  we would discuss them as part of the trading bloc , not as part of the eu . 
  personally i just want free trade and movement within the eu . 
  no `` powers '' as such . 
  let the eurozone concentrate on the euro fiscal area and sort themselves out financially . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  * # 200 for students who can afford # 12k a year to study is nothing . 
  * to use our taxpayer money , yes , you should have to be here legally . 
  * they still get emergency treatment . 
  both france and sweden are pretty good at racism . 
  oh wow that looks a lot like mauritian kreol towards the end . 
  for example changement is spent sanzmen !, 
  no i 've never heard of it . 
  i 'll have a look now . 
  thanks !, 
  i quite like to see the english/french thing . 
  i 'm trying to improve my french and it 's an easy way to do so . 
  no one is forcing him to work there . 
  there is no reason he could n't have worked a couple of years , saved up and then done an unpaid internship somewhere . 
  i assume he 's unlucky in the fact he 's not an eu citizen , as otherwise he could have lived in ferney-voltaire ( like many who work in geneva ) and done an unpaid internship in geneva that way to keep costs down . 
  alternatively , he could have worked his way into a position elsewhere where he 's actually worth hiring on a salary . 
  i do n't agree with the `` non-existing security '' argument either , as is n't that the same for pretty much every 22-year old ? 
   to begin with , if you use somebody 's time the square and fair thing to do is to pay an equivalent in securities like money which has a definite value at the time instead of insecurities ( your future , kid , so bright ! ) . 
  also with regard to this , it still costs companies a fair bit of money to go through all the hoops to bring someone in as an intern and then ( on a good internship ) it also takes a lot of a mentor 's time . 
  are you looking in france ? 
  this seems to be the story i hear from all my french colleagues ( and my french girlfriend ) . 
  most young people are saying that you need a bachelor 's , a master 's and then at least one internship ( often two years worth of internships ) before being considered for entry level grad jobs . 
  in england it 's totally different , most grad schemes only expect a 2.1 in your bsc/ba . 
  i do n't see an issue with it . 
  yes , the un are gaining something out of it but so is he . 
  i look at unpaid internships as similar to degrees . 
  the un are giving him free education and the opportunity to make lots of contacts , increasing his future earning potential . 
  it 's mutually beneficial . 
  if he did n't think it was worth it he would n't do it . 
  if his current earning potential is # 22k a year , and this internship makes him worth # 35k a year , then without the internship he 'd make # 88,000 in the first four years and with it he would make # 105,000 ( including his unpaid year at the un ) . 
  they do n't `` owe '' him anything . 
  it 's a simple business transaction . 
  they offered him an opportunity to better himself and he accepted . 
  if he offered any skill worth paying for then presumably he could take up a paid position . 
  i ca n't be the only person who finds it interesting as an anglophone who is working on his french . 
  the camouflage works at least . 
   i need to get this stupid degree if i want to keep studying at higher levels at university , which i 'm being refused because i do n't have the level `` on paper '' . 
  administration is the problem here , it 's so big and inefficient . 
  i hate to break it to you , but it 's pretty much the case anywhere , at least in developed countries . 
  i do n't know why people are surprised by this . 
  i attended uni in england from 09-13 and there were so many people like this , especially in student politics . 
  they all get these ideas and then encourage each other , and do n't have the real world to interact with ; just other young , impressionable kids with not a lot to do . 
  fair , but this article is about the uk . 
  as someone who has worked a few minimum wage jobs ( or below ) , i found them within about a week of half-arsed looking . 
  application forms do not take a long time . 
  if you 're a neet and on jobseekers most jobs within your range of skills do n't take long to apply to and will more than likely be download and print forms as opposed to cv + cover letter . 
  to be fair , he 's saying that they should do charity work in their communities whilst getting their free money from the government . 
  if you do this for three months it will be a lot easier to get a job imo as employers can see that you can be trusted to turn up to things and behave properly . 
   the european union is investigating claims that mcdonald 's avoided more than $ 1bn ( $ 1.1 bn ) in tax by exploiting a controversial royalties loophole stopped reading at loophole . 
  there 's not much that can be done or that you 'd expect them to do any differently . 
  i ca n't believe people waste the court 's time with stuff like this . 
  he lied about what he looked like , that 's not a crime . 
  shallow women shagged him wilfully . 
  so on average if you have six people , one of them will strike one day per year . 
  they do love a strike . 
  ok then , around one in eight adults in france voted fn .
