bmi is n't good with individual cases , but its very accurate in measuring large amounts of people . 
  there 's also the fact that `` overweight '' has become normal now . 
  people more or less only consider those that are obese ( extremely overweight ) as being fat . 
  i think when you say fat you mean obese . 
  overweight has just become normal so people do n't notice it so much anymore . 
  i definitely notice people in germany as being much more overweight . 
  i usually go back to germany after spending a few months in taiwan or a few months in asian california ( 27 % for chinese-californians , 24 % for korean-californians ) and you can really see a huge difference between that vs germany , even with young people . 
  i was working in neuss this summer and asked my girlfriend ( also german-taiwanese , had been living with me in both taiwan and america ) if people seemed a lot fatter than they did a couple years ago . 
  i just felt really bad because going from taiwan to california , we were poking fun at american friends about their country being fat . 
  turns out our hometown was more than twice as overweight as theirs . 
  the middle 90 % of america is still obese as fuck though . 
  i feel like all the people telling us about how scared germany is of refugees are not actually germans i 've heard nothing from back home except acknowledging that we do have them, 
  honestly a non-story . 
  new york has been just barely behind london until the last ranking . 
  the two cities are so similar that the difference is negligible . 
  its like the `` best city in the world '' ranking . 
  every city in the top 50 on that list is virtually equal , but people just circlejerk about their hometown being better than some other city or that the index is wrong because blank ca n't be better than blank . 
  with these rankings , london and new york are tier 1 and virtually the same , hk and sg are tier 2 and virtually the same , and the next 20 on the list are virtually the same . 
  here 's the whole report : http://www.longfinance.net/images/gfci18_23sep2015.pdf, 
  for the last two years , i 've actually been in a small american town for business school , and while it fulfills the racist and overweight stereotypes very well , i 've really still never seen or heard of coal rolling outside of reddit . 
  speaking of anti-social , i 've learned that people in america do n't have a word for what we mean by anti-social , and the term anti-social actually refers to extreme shyness here . 
  unrelated , but odd . 
  people keep mentioning the rolling coal thing , but i 've been in the states for about 11 years and have never once seen a car like that . 
  also , even on reddit i 've never really seen it portrayed positively , so i do n't know why people think its a popular thing, 
  i thought winterkorn became ceo the year after it started ? 
  we do n't really use uber in dusseldorf , and most people are actually fans of taxis  uber for one reason or another so i do n't have any experience with it there at all . 
  however , in american big cities , the background checks for uber match or surpass that of the city taxi commision they 're operating in , and from personal experience are much better drivers and drive much better cars . 
  also , in case anything goes wrong i 'd much prefer to know who my driver was , his plate number , phone number , and i 'm sure the driver feel much safer knowing mine as well . 
  however with smaller cities and more rural areas i 'd definitely trust taxis more . 
  i do n't know what its like in serbia , but where i 've used it they 're faster , cheaper , more convenient , and safer than taxis in large cities . 
  anyways , i really hope uber is as strictly enforced in germany as it is over here by the time i get back , because when uber is working right taxis really just seem like outdated relics now . 
  they committed to at least 10000 with an unnamed steep increase next year but politicians are asking to increase that to 65000-100000 . 
  no idea if that 's actually going to go through though . 
  i 'm studying in the us now , but from what i 've heard from back in germany is that the refugees simply prefer germany over anywhere else . 
  ( not sure if that is true or not , since from what i 've experienced is that germany has a very intense soft patriotism ), 
  i do n't know about latinos but asian families , at least in taiwan , korea , and china , eat pretty much the same way you described western families as eating . 
  especially when there 's a good soup opera on tv, 
  not exactly the most intricate combination of ingredients in the world though . 
  that 's more time and labour , and bbq is one of the more costly facets of southern cooking as well . 
  something similar in most major cuisines would most likely be much more costly . 
  exactly my point ? 
  he mentions traveling the mediterranean , naming italy , france , spain , and turkey . 
  he then goes on to extrapolate that to europe , which is obviously incorrect as you can see by all the comments in the thread . 
  edit : basically , only details italy while using it to talk about much more, 
  you obviously did n't read the article , or my comment . 
  most of europe is more like most of america than it is italy . 
  i was talking more about the catch-all of `` america '' and `` europe '' when the actual results still depend on where in america and where in europe , but sure . 
  if he wanted to say italy , fine , but he did n't . 
  he took italy and extrapolated that to meaning all of europe is like italy . 
  writer is an idiot . 
  it 's not all of europe , and it 's not all of america . 
  things vary depending on where you are , and what kind of market you 're buying from . 
  yeah , a lot of europe has bad produce , but that 's because most markets stock produce produced the same way as `` american '' farmers do . 
  you go to a farmers market and often you 'll be able to find produce comparable ( wo n't be quite as good , imo , due to a lack of competition in the market or climate ) to that in the mediterranean . 
  same goes for the states . 
  most supermarket produce is bad , foodwise , but depending on where you are some supermarkets and most farmers markets will have good produce . 
  definitely cheaper in italy , but if you 're willing to pay a premium it 's not like you ca n't get something similar, 
  it 's not exactly a food culture that needs the best ingredients though , more like a way to make mediocre ingredients taste good, 
  yeah , he was from london , funnily enough . 
  that 's definitely a possibility . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i distinctly remember using \u82f1\u570b to refer to the uk and was corrected by my english teacher ( that 's when i learned the difference between the two as well . ), 
  yeah , people say \u82f1\u570b when they mean the uk as well though, 
  i 'm not sure about aus , but nz , can , and the us all have a disproportionate amount of large corporations , who tend to be the most invested in public good as well . 
  maybe it 's from that ? 
  kinda interesting that the four english speaking british children countries are all above the uk itself , not to mention that they 're 2-5 on the list . 
  the word for the uk is so unused that chinese that i could n't remember what it was for a solid minute . 
  everyone just uses the word for england to talk about it, 
  i feel like they may occupy an area similar to the green party in the future . 
  i doubt they 'll ever go mainstream but they will still be influential until the migrant crisis is dealt with . 
  i agree with a lot of the facts and opinions that you express . 
  on the other hand , do you realize how cringey it is to continually use words like `` eurotrash '' and `` europoor ? '', 
  you 're the product of a bygone era . 
  i think the problem is that a lot of them come over after visiting countries like thailand . 
  that , coupled with the fact that brits do n't really have much experience with taiwanese people means that they do some things that may be socially acceptable in a southeast asian , but not so in taiwan . 
  for example , there really is n't much street prostitution or people wanting to carry your bags for fifty cents , so assuming such can be really insulting to most people . 
  we 're generally pretty bad at english compared to the rest of east asia , but a lot more people speak it than in southeast asia so you 'll also have more people catch on when you insult them in english . 
  compared to canada , the states , and australia , which all have decent ethnic taiwanese populations , travelers from the uk just seem more disrespectful in comparison . 
  a small city in california that i lived in had almost twice as many taiwanese people as the entire uk . 
  yes ? 
  from what i heard you guys can be pretty big assholes in vietnam and thailand as well . 
  it really depends . 
  i 'm taiwanese and american ( through birth ) but i 've lived in germany longer than anywhere else . 
  you guys are alright in germany , usually tend to just be there on business trips . 
  very polite compared to a lot of other people in taiwan though , you guys are assholes . 
  you 're racist , rude , look down on native people , and get into physical altercations often . 
  you treat us like some kind of third world country too , maybe confusing us with thailand ? 
  really the worst offenders compared to australians , americans , or canadians that visit . 
  got it , korean quadrant of the city too, 
  if you 're going to go by that metric , almost every country in the world could be considered important, 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure they 're just anti-establishment hipsters . 
  i 'm in university right now , so that makes up a big chunk of the people i 'm around . 
  i doubt any of them have committed a crime, 
  it 's a troll account parodying americans , he 's on this sub a lot . 
  i personally enjoy it, 
  turks in germany ? 
  i think less so in nrw but if you even go to hamburg it gets pretty bad . 
  there was an unarmed group of turks standing around in the train station the last time i was there and one of the members was had evidently commuted a crime . 
  he started running while the rest of the group stuck around continuing talking , and the police set their dogs on the rest of the group . 
  living in the states right now , it 's really something that varies from city to city .
