  something to be aware of . 
  that reads a bit different to :  the study , commissioned by rspb scotland , wwf scotland and the scottish wildlife trust , concludes that scotland 's ministers are ** sabotaging efforts ** to be the best in europe on the environment . 
  i stand by my point , carrell has an agenda . 
  eh . . be cautious of the content of the article . 
  i do n't doubt that the information is mostly valid and accurate ; but it 's a severin carrell article . 
  expect exaggeration and subtle hints-that-may-not-actually-be-accurate , as well as only using parts of quotes instead of full quotes . 
  the man hates the snp government like it 's his job . 
   due to the warming climate , the poisonous false widow spider is now spreading north . 
  it 's been in britain for decades , but was confined to the far south-west parts of england . 
  now it 's being found throughout london and as far north as birmingham . 
  never have i been happier to live in the freezing cold climate of aberdeen . 
   i do n't see why you 'd want to flock to another sub . 
  so that they can have an echo chamber . 
  oh please , get off your high horse ; fracking will do absolutely nothing for scotland , know why ? 
  scotland has very little fracking potential . 
  it 's that simple . 
  it 's no skin off the government 's back to do this . 
  they 're not actually committing to anything . 
  i apparently did n't read that comment very well . 
  i thought you were making assumptions about romania as a whole . 
  i apologise for the above comment . 
  ~ ~ fuck off you dozy cunt . 
  you 're embarrassing the rest of us . ~ ~, 
   the coalition government has promised further devolution talks for scotland after the referendum if they vote no . 
  let 's be serious here . 
  they wo n't deliver on them . 
  why would they ? 
  they 've literally got no reason to bother . 
  the conservatives receive barely any votes from scotland , so it 's not worth their effort once the independence referendum is over ( if it comes back with a `` no '' vote ) . 
  labour already are pretty much guaranteed full support from scotland in the uk general elections no matter what they do , so why would they bother ; especially since a lot of prominent party members have been suggesting that `` devolution was a mistake '' as of late . 
  the lib dems are irrelevant , so they hardly even matter . 
  so tell me , who 's going to be championing the cause for further devolution that will actually have an impact ? 
  the snp do n't have anywhere near enough seats to make a difference ; and any attempt they make to have anything changed will be met with jeers of `` you lost the referendum , your opinion does n't matter '' , you can count on that . 
  i can think of a few : [ burnistoun - elevator sketch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saz_uvnueuu ) [ burnistoun - 2-litre bottle of ginger sketch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzthgdjgx0e ) i 'm sure there are other people who 're a bit more versed in scottish sketch shows than i am ; i do n't watch tv often . 
  nah , `` half mast '' in scotland can simply refer to your trousers being too short . 
  you also fly a flag at half mast if you 're honouring someone who died . 
  hence the `` is the cat dead ? 
  literal translation : is the cat dead ? 
  meaning : your trousers are short ( i.e. 
  `` flying at half mast '' ) scots : lang may yer lum reek literal translation : long may your chimney smoke meaning : may you live long and stay healthy scots : awa ' an bile yer heid literal translation : away and boil your head meaning : get lost ( usually said to someone who is either wasting your time or talking rubbish ), 
   but they were convicted of `` hacking '' under the computer misuse act , `` hacking '' merely means accessing another person 's computer or files without their permission through any means . 
  a lot of countries used the uk 's computer misuse act as a model for their own ones , so it 's possible sweden did as well . 
   the best example is that scotland is essentially guaranteed to lose a bunch ( if not all ) of the opt-outs and special arrangements it has garnered whilst being part of the uk and may need to spend some years outside during negotiations . 
  that 's just you taking a wild stab in the dark . 
  professor graham avery , an honorary director-general of the european commission , a senior advisor at the european policy centre and an oxford professor holds a completely different view : http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201213/cmselect/cmfaff/writev/643/m05.htm  this will be accentuated by interested parties ( in this case spain ) that have their own secessionist movements , meaning that those central governments will not want it to be seen as a smooth transition . 
  spain attempting to screw with scotland 's attempts to enter the eu would be incredibly stupid on their part . 
  their fishing industry pretty much relies on access to the north sea , something they would n't have without scotland being a part of the eu . 
  not a particularly clever move when the fishing industry is your 4th largest work force . 
  it also exists in scotland . 
  any chance someone could provide a copy / paste or an image of the article ? 
  i 've hit the herald 's paywall . 
   we subsidise them no . 
  you do n't . 
  yeah , did a bit of googling : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuition_fees_in_the_united_kingdom#scottish_mp_vote_controversy that was for the hike to # 3000 by labour , not the hike to # 9000 by the conservatives . 
  in the case of the 2004 labour bill it 's almost entirely expected . 
  the mps vote by the party line , or face the consequences . 
  uk labour says `` jump '' , scottish labour says `` how high ? '', 
   oh , and it was scottish mps who got the vote passed to increase the fees for england !, 
  yeah ... we 're going to need the figures , if you 'd oblige . 
  technically , if it was up to the scottish government , then eu students would n't be getting it for free either . 
  orpheus of scotland ? 
  i 've never heard that one before . 
  a cursory google did n't bring up much either . 
  limiting it to just irish vs brits is simplifying the matter as well . 
  england , scotland and wales all have their own cultural differences as well . 
  my view on the matter is that they are the ones doing all the whining . 
  or i could just not give a shit what the polls are like in 2013 and just pay attention to the debate ? 
  that seems a better idea than pretending that betting agencies have the power of prophecy . 
   i 'd never be that much of a cunt you 're doing a pretty good job at the moment . 
  good for england . 
  it mostly seems to be because some of the english have some bloody weird chip on their shoulder about the issue , and feel insulted that it is being discussed . 
  then going on some mad raving rant about how scotland could n't survive about england before degrading into some rabies-like trance where they foam at the mouth and shout about how scotland will be crawling back . 
  yes , i 've read the telegraph comments section . 
  they 're basing it off current polls . 
  they 're betting markets , not bloody oracles . 
  if the polls start swinging the other way then watch the prices change . 
  they 're not good at predicting things , they 're good at paying attention to statistics and looking at patterns . 
   the green party came out publicly against the yes scotland campaign , complaining the snp completely controlled it . 
  that is actually completely false . 
  you might want to examine what they actually said , and not what the media reported . 
   the snp is the only political party that supports the current referendum for independence ... no they are n't . 
  the scottish greens and the scottish socialists also do . 
  really ? 
  that 's such a stupid statement , i 'd expect that from cainefaraday , not you . 
   but i very much doubt you can class the tongue spoken by the vast majority of scots today as a completely distinct language from english . 
  it 's a language that pre-dates modern english . 
  the basic tree goes : old english  middle english  early scots  middle scots  modern scots old english  middle english  early modern english  english . 
  it was considered a seperate language at the time of the treaty of union . 
  the only reason it 's been devalued into a `` dialect '' was due to a deliberate effort by the scottish school board to stamp out both gaelic and scots , because they were considered `` uncivilised languages '' compared to english , with gaelic being referred to as `` a language of barberous people '' and the education board 's opinion on scots was : '' ... it is not the language of ` educated ' people anywhere , and could not be described as a suitable medium of education or culture '' . 
  scots - is - a language , it has always been a language . 
  the notion that it 's a dialect of english is absurd . 
  it 's like claiming that danish is a dialect of norwegian , or portuguese in a dialect of spanish . 
  as to `` the tongue spoken by the vast majority of scots today '' they are n't speaking scots . 
  they speak scottish english , which is english with several scots loan-words , which is why english people can understand it `` once they get an ear for the accent '' . 
  they 're two very different things . 
  scots and scottish-english are not one-and-the-same . 
   thus it is not used in eu institutions http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_language#use_of_welsh_at_the_european_union, 
  i 'm dubious that the number of first-language welsh speakers is any higher . 
  if we 're going by number of speakers then scots trumps welsh as the second place national language in the uk with 1.7 m speakers . 
  on that note however , i do n't know any scots phrases or quotes related to the other languages .
