  the yes campaign have n't really started campaigning yet . 
  i reckon they 're going to wait until mid-2014 before they really start pushing the agenda . 
  for now things are pretty tame . 
   i 've heard they are still ironing out all the full platforms on what an independent scottish state might look like etc , but is it as apparent ( in terms of advertising and events ) in public as the better together campaign ? 
  the thing about the better together campaign is that they are n't actually providing information . 
  they 're playing politics ; they twist statements from both the snp and foreign officials , leave out crucial bits of stories and generally get as close to lying as they possibly can without actually doing it . 
  it 's not a campaign , it 's a smear attempt for the most part . 
  all they ever do is fire off constant doom and gloom articles . 
  ironically , their doom and gloom nature was one of the things that turned me off the better together campaign and towards independence , as i despise politikeering . 
   in regards to ukip and tories - thanks guys . 
  honestly , it 's kind of keeping people , who are not keen supporters of either parties , safe here in england i.e. 
  hopefully preventing a majority in the next general elections . 
  the thing is , the vote is almost always decided in england . 
  there has n't been a single time since 1945 where the scottish vote has affected the election outcome . 
  we 're just too small a population to make a difference really . 
  i do n't think you 'd see - that - much of a change in terms of vote outcome , i think the real danger is that labour might swing to the right if a large chunk of it 's voting base up and leaves . 
  there 's about a 10 % different in support for the eu between scotland and england ; the difference is that scotland does n't really tend to focus on it much . 
  we do n't want to join the euro or the schengen area , but i do n't think we have quite the same fanatical appetite for leaving the eu that some middle-englanders do . 
  there 's certain a demand for it , not quite the majority , but it 's there . 
  and yes , the talk of the uk leaving the eu does factor in considerably . 
  one of the main arguments of union that the better together campaign espouses in that as part of the uk we 'll be guaranteed to be within the eu with the current opt outs , where if we went independent we 'd have to negotiate our way back in ( or so they claim anyway ) . 
  but the nature of the fact that a large chunk of the population are considering leaving throws a spanner in that argument . 
  edit : ah speak of the devil , a bit of an example . 
  [ farage was trapped in a pub in edinburgh by protesters ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=578194985544666&amp;set=a.195441680486667.46051.195097983854370&amp;type=1&amp;theater ) , and had to be escorted to a police van after a taxi driver refused to take him . 
  it would be been a bit more amusing , but the crowd caused me to cringe when they started chanting `` racist !, 
  '' , before following it up with `` go back to england '' . 
  the irony burns . 
  i should further reiterate that ukip have literally zero support in scotland , they 're seen a bunch of completely out of touch twats up here . 
  even the euro-skeptics largely despise them . 
  ca n't really blame us though , not when they promoted [ this man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xr4wozs.jpg ) to the head of ukip in scotland . 
  checked comment section , obligatory retarded `` eussr '' comment . 
  these morons make even scotland 's most demented nationalists look sane . 
  i do n't entirely know why , but this table deeply amuses me . 
  damn , india 's pretty unhappy about foreigners . 
  what a cunt , hope the kid lives . 
  we 're talking a overwhelming majority , 82 % . 
  i love the kneejerk downvotes going on for me pointing out something you have n't disproved yet . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_people#history_of_the_term  greek and roman writers between the 1st century bc and the 1st century ad name the inhabitants of ** great britain and ireland ** as the priteni , the origin of the latin word britannic . 
  except it is . 
  how many times do i have to drill this into your head salvaxe ? 
  british is a geographical term . 
  norway is not part of the eu , but it is still european , because european is a geographically linked term . 
  british refers to residents of the british isles . 
   critics would argue `` at what cost ? '', 
  and `` is it viable ? '' . 
  and there have been answers , many a time , by many different sources and people . 
  we 're well beyond the `` is it viable '' stage now , and into the `` would we be better or apart or together '' , because at this point no one in their right mind is arguing scotland could n't survive . 
  in case your are n't being sarcastic , he 's making a huge hyperbole . 
  greece 's situation is largely the fault of the massive amount of corruption in their politics . 
  that is n't going to happen the uk . 
  no ; you 're misrepresenting our position on the matter ; the uk government have been claiming that we 'd have to leave the uk with zero of it 's assets and a share of the debt . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  we 'll either take a share of the assets and a share of the debt , or we take no assets and no debt . 
  i think that 's perfectly reasonable . 
   predicting a majority win for conservatives in 2015 ? 
  i 'm personally dubious labour will win . 
  ed miliband just is n't electable . 
  the man is useless . 
  i think we 're going to see another conservative / lib dem coalition , with a bit less of majority than before . 
  i suspect it 's quite likely that the press just ignored it . 
  they 've ignored a lot of other things in the debate . 
  yepp , here : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-22495174, 
  scotland . 
  our country never really had a gun culture . 
  guns were always associated with rich , posh land-owners , driving around in jeeps and shooting foxes . 
  after the dunblane massacre they were doubly reviled . 
  they 're practically almost entirely illegal . 
  there are even currently proposals to crack down on airguns . 
  i 'm not to fussed about the laws to be honest . 
  under the perfect circumstances , i 'd quite like to see guns be reintroduced and people receive mandatory training with them , incase the country ever needs a militia to quickly form for defense purposes . 
  however these are not the perfect circumstances , so i do n't trust some of my fellow countrymen with guns , ever . 
  so as it is , i 'm fine with the laws . 
  two fairly minor things . 
  one : labour have distanced themselves from the ` better together ' campaign and formed their own unionist campaign . 
  two : tavish scott fucked up spectacularly , he 's the former head of the scottish lib dems and a unionist . 
  there was a debate on scottish independence at the shetland college , with 20 students in attendance . 
  at the beginning of the debate , it was 4 ` yes ' , 10 ` no ' and 6 ` do n't know ' . 
  by the end of the debate , it was 9 ` yes ' , 9 ` no ' and 2 ` do n't know ' tavish scott fucked up in the debate so badly that he convinced a group already pre-disposed to union to swing towards independence . 
  spectacular . 
  it 's a relatively minor thing , but amusing none-the-less . 
  news has been pretty damn slow in scotland apart from that . 
  oh yes . 
  [ here 's the interview ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpda3l2ri0y ), 
  ugh . . hannan 's written the article . 
  this is the same man who went on fox news with glenn beck and spent a good ten minutes lying about the nhs 's effectiveness and then being called `` a british expert '' . 
  i do n't expect anything more intelligent or truthful in here . 
  scotland 's suffering a similar brain drain ; the centralising nature of london pulls all our brightest down there , hell just on a more personal note my lecturers have talked about the state of the scottish games industry , and there are just so few triple a studios in scotland because we ca n't afford the talent , they just moved over to canada and america for better wages and opportunities . 
  history repeated , for both countries , ad infinitum :(, 
  a sad state of affairs : /, 
   the spanish veto is also a problem for scottish independence for this reason ( much like how spain does n't recognise kosovo despite the wider international community saying it should , and kosovo having nothing to do with spain ) . 
  i really do n't think spain will try and pull a veto on scotland . 
  it just is n't worth the hassle to them , as it 'll do a lot of damage to their fishing industry , which relies pretty heavily on the north sea . 
  i hope if it does come to pass that you put a dragon on the flag . 
  ca n't go wrong with a dragon . 
  shetland and orkney are definitely the most interesting of the lot . 
  they both voted almost solidly independent , 96.9 % in shetland and 96.9 % in orkney . 
  second party in both was snp , 3 % in orkney and 1.9 % in shetland . 
  third party in orkney was ukip ( with 0.1 % ) and third party in shetland was scottish christian ( with 1.2 % ) . 
  no other parties were voted for . 
  labour : 0 , conservatives : 0 , lib dem : 0 .
