  so whilst standard grade might have been pretty britain-centric , it could hardly be argued to be the case for the entire history education system . 
  you mean a deficit ? 
  yeah , every country has those . 
  scotland unlike the uk does not have them all the time . 
  we get surpluses when the oil price is high enough . 
   for instance the snp has been chanting since the topic of automatic eu membership came up that scotland would get automatic eu members upon independence which as we can now see is not true . 
  that 's a rather iffy point . 
  it could be argued as a misinterpretation from the press . 
  the snp argument has always been that scotland would negotiate it 's position as a eu member from within the eu ; which does n't necessarily mean automatic membership , it just means that they 'd be sorting out the terms of the membership whilst still part of the eu , and parallel to the negotiations for the uk split . 
   there 's also the case of banks . 
  if scotland had been independent when the banking collapse happened i do n't think scotland would have faired well at all not really true . 
  there 's a lot of ` what-ifs ' in this case . 
  but say scotland had only been independent for a short time . 
  i 'll focus on one bank in particular , the royal bank of scotland : the cost of the rbs bailout was # 88bn . 
  the estimated gdp of scotland in 2008 was # 145bn . 
  seems pretty crippling yes ? 
  however , when banks operate in more than one country , the bailout is shared proportionally to the area of activity of those banks , and in the case of rbs , roughly 90 % of those activities took place in england , mainly the south-east / london , whereas only roughly 10 % took place in scotland . 
  figures coming from professor andrews hugh hallet , a professor of economics at the university of st. andrews . 
  the other scottish banks had similar figures ; due to the centralised nature of london , most the banks operated from there mainly . 
  that 's also including the notion that we adopted the same ideas regarding the banks as the uk . 
  we could have taken the icelandic approach , which whilst punishing in the short-term , has proven successful for them now , as they show significant signs of economic recovery compared to most of the rest of the world . 
  i ca n't really answer your next point , it 's more speculation than a question ; however , the advantage scotland has over other nations however , is that it already has a largely independent infrastructure , thanks to devolution , which gives it a massive advantage over other nations that intend to split . 
   think independence for scotland is a bad idea if you look at it from a logical perspective . 
  we 'll agree to disagree . 
  i think from a logical perspective , remaining with the uk will eventually become a bad idea , especially with the various parties ' neo-liberal focus . 
   these nationalisms , especially in flanders and scatalonia , are based on brainwashing , manipulation of the history , and extreme racism . 
  such attitudes are not welcome in the eu . 
  your ignorance of the situation in any of those countries does you absolutely no credit . 
  you talk about ` manipulation of history ' , but you show a staggering ignorance of it . 
  i may as well throw in the opinion of another senior member of the ec , since the article failed to mention it . 
  graham avery , director general of the ec : the letter he sent to parliament : http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201213/cmselect/cmfaff/writev/643/m05.htm the bbc article on his opinion : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-20155813 ** tl ; dr : ** scottish citizens have aquired rights as eu citizens over the 40 years they 've been part of the eu . 
  can not be legally or practically asked to leave and reapply . 
  impractical because the temporary removal of scotland from the eu would cause a lot of complications and possibly border related issues , which neither the eu or scotland would have an interest in . 
  believes eu membership will be negotiated at the same time as uk independence . 
  ethnicity means fuck all to me . 
  i care about maintaining culture , not some ridiculous notion of racial superiority . 
  there is no ` scottish race ' . 
  we all come from thousands of different ethnic backgrounds from many different places all over the world , but we 're all still scottish, 
  scotland 's a bit tricky . 
  we 've only had our parliament for a decade or so since 1707 , and none of the politicians really stand out . 
  in terms of pure political skill , whatever your opinion of him or his policies , you have to give alex salmond credit where credit 's due , the man is a fantastic speaker and a very wily politician . 
  not even to mention the fact that him and the snp have ran the country pretty damn well since they took power in 2007 . 
  going to have to agree with tony benn , if only more politicians were like him . 
  no , we just generally do n't care enough about it , so it 's fairly annoying when they 're rabbiting on about it . 
  a lot of us consider being scottish more a cultural , than ethnic thing . 
  an immigrant from pakistan is scottish in our eyes if they adapt to the culture . 
  similarly , americans , living in america , who have never been to scotland , claiming to be scottish is something that rubs us the wrong way . 
  hey , i have nothing against the highlands , i 'm pretty fond of the aviemore area myself , but not everyone is hardy enough to survive the cold . 
  can you imagine immigrants from warmer countries in the middle of a scottish winter in the cairngorms ? 
  highland clearances , oliver cromwell , emigration to the colonies due to poverty . 
  the terrain also comes into it , a huge chunk of scotland is covered in fairly inhospitable mountain terrain . 
  adding of course , that a lot of the uk is centralised in the south-east of england , london in particular , so a lot of people tend to move to england rather than scotland , wales or n. ireland . 
  he 's lucky he actually got that much to be honest , getting the us to own up to it would be impossible , let alone allow their agents to be punished for it . 
  it 's just a downright disgusting state of affairs . 
  scottish labour , lib dem and conservative mps might have , snp ones however wo n't have . 
  it 's against snp policy to vote on those matters , quite honestly i believe that should be the standard . 
  welsh and scottish mps should n't be able to vote on matters that only affect england . 
  i doubt it . 
  barroso is not the dictator of the ec . 
  he may be president , but this was not a unanimous opinion by the ec , it was his own opinion . 
  other people from within the ec have expressed totally different opinions . 
  the council of ministers and the european court both have more sway in this matter anyway . 
  i 'm not as clearcut set on independence as you seem to think i am . 
  at the moment i 'd describe myself as `` undecided , but leaning towards independence '' . 
  i 'd honestly settle for a more federal system , as long as westminster was completely dismantled and rebuilt from the ground up , at the moment it 's far to easy for stuff to slip by through it due to the lack of transparency . 
   two of the last three british prime ministers have been scottish . 
  as much as the point i 'm going to make reeks of ` no true scotsman ' , i think it 's valid . 
  tony blair was about as scottish as david cameron . 
  he may have been born in scotland , but his interests did not align there . 
  his interests , as with most westminster politicians , aligned with himself and the south-east of england . 
  do n't even get me started on brown , exact same problem . 
  couple that with the fact that he once referred to himself as ` northern english ' . 
  most people in scotland do n't consider being scottish an ethnicity thing , they consider it cultural , we 'll happily welcome anyone who blends in with the culture , no matter where they 're from , conversely , we 'll take great pains to decry people who shun it , ala brown and blair . 
   scotland has it 's own parliament . 
  so we do . 
  what 's your point ? 
   scotland has its own judicial system . 
  have done since the middle ages really . 
   it has its own education system where scottish students do n't pay tuition fees at university , whereas english students pay for tuition at scottish universities . 
  do n't get all soppy over that . 
  it 's your own government 's fault for that . 
  scotland does n't just magically steal money at english expense to fund the universities , they sacrificed in other areas to be able to afford free tuition fees , paid for by the scottish taxpayer . 
  english students do n't pay tax in scotland , so why should they get the education paid for by tax payers up here ? 
  the eu students only get it because of a legal loophole . 
   scotland has its own health system , where scots do n't pay prescription charges but people in england do . 
  again , exact same issue . 
  westminster voted that way , for whatever peculiar reason . 
  i might also add , you should be questioning certain mps who voted for free prescription charges in wales , but voted against them in westminster . 
  such as : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgxrcvfpnoq#t=4m06s  scotland controls scottish agriculture . # so we do . 
   scottish members of parliament at westminster can vote on purely english matters but english ones ca n't on scottish issues . 
  this is the west lothian question . 
  the west lothian question is n't supported in scotland either , england should have it 's own parliament , separate from westminster . 
  i should also note that it 's snp policy to abstain from voting on issues that do n't affect scotland in westminster . 
   the british government spends more money per capita on the scots than it does on the english , thanks to the barnett formula . 
  scotland also contributes more than it receives to the uk treasury , so i hardly think it 's an issue worth bringing up , unless you wish to remove the barnett formula and leave us with our own resources ? 
  which i think would be a rather nice idea . 
   when the oil price is at its peak , which is occasional , scotland `` maybe '' contributes more to the uk than it gets back . 
  there are no ` maybes ' . 
  scotland has contributed more than it 's received for most of the time oil has been being extracted in the north sea , that was what was indicated by gavin mccrone in the mccrone report and it remains perfectly true to this day . 
   when oil is not at its peak , which is usual , scotland gets a lot more out of the uk than it puts in .
