  just as all people in norway , denmark , sweden and finland are scandinavian and all the people in spain and portugal are iberian , the people of the british isles are british . 
  the full name of the uk is `` the united kingdom of ** great britain ** and northern ireland '' . 
  the ` great britain ' part refers to the largest island in the british isles , the one that holds england , scotland and wales , scotland would still be on ` great britain ' post-independence , it 's not like we 're sawing ourselves off from the island . 
  even then , the other parts , ( ireland , the hebrides , orkney , shetland , the isle of mann etc ) are still british because they 're part of the british isles . 
  to further reiterate this point ; the term `` british '' existed long before the union of crowns or the act of union . 
  it 's origins lie in the greek word * priteni * ( the origin of the latin word britannic ) which was used to refer to the people of great britain and ireland by both the greeks and the romans . 
  tl ; dr : it 's originally a hellenic word used to refer to the citizens of great britain and ireland and has nothing to do with being part of the kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  no ; he 's pointing a fact . 
  it 's a fact designed to win votes , but it 's not exactly like he 's stretching the truth , he 's simply pointing it out to the people who declare `` i 'm british ! '' . 
  anyway , it 's not a case of ` having your cake and eating it ' . 
  we 're not voting for independence so we do n't get called british any more , it 's to do with political representation and economics , not culture and race . 
  the one concern is the orange order . 
  some of their senior members made threats in the past about forming paramilitary groups if scotland goes independent . 
  i do n't know how serious they are , but they 're a right bunch of violent cunts at the moment . 
  have n't we had this debate before salvaxe ? 
  british is a geographical term used to refer to residents of the british isles , the only reason the irish do n't like to be called british is because of past history between them and great britain . 
  your sentence was poorly phrased . 
  scottish nationalism is not ethnic nationalism . 
  it 's mostly based around political representation and economics , not culture , language and race . 
   ombudsman om \u00b7 buds \u00b7 man / \u02c8\u00e4mb\u0259dzm\u0259n / noun an official appointed to investigate individuals ' complaints against maladministration , esp . 
  that of public authorities . 
   scots really is n't actually it 's own language anymore , at the very most it 's a dialect . 
  no , its still a language . 
  the dialect is `` scottish english '' which is english with scots words added to it . 
  scots is still an entirely seperate language to english ; time does n't change that . 
  politically , its far more accurate than you seem to think . 
  the entire outer hebrides have sunk into the ocean . 
  the link is working for me up in scotland . 
  protester was shot in the head a couple of days ago . 
  there 's a video of the incident kicking about somewhere . 
  looked like it was an accident on the part of the police officer , but it was also partially the fault of the officer . 
  he ran forward to kick a protester on the ground and got pushed back by 30 odd protesters . 
  he took out his gun and let off warning shots into the air and the recoil from the gun knocked his aim right down to a protester 's head on the third shot . 
  bbc in general tends to be pretty good . 
  i 'd argue they do international issues much better than internal ones . 
  i despise bbc scotland 's internal coverage , it 's just terrible for the most part . 
  it almost makes me want to learn gaelic just so i can watch bbc alba instead . 
  that 's still an incredibly rough approximation . 
  yeah , the hebrides has the highest concentration of gaelic speakers ( some even learn it as their first language ) , but large swaths of the highlands speak gaelic . 
  one thing to factor in is the difference between gcse + a levels and standards grades + higher + adv. 
  higher . 
  i believe adv. 
  higher even covers a lot of year one uni stuff . 
  not sure up to what level a levels go , but it spaces things out a bit in the scottish system . 
  do n't really know that much beyond it though ; i only took maths up to higher , and only know three people who took it to adv. 
  higher . 
   but in the uk england and wales * it may seem as if i 'm being pedantic , but scotland has a different education system to england and wales , and as such the education system ca n't really be represented by ` the uk ' . 
  scotland ( aberdeen really , it 's a north-east thing ) has [ rowies ] ( http://www.phuturelabs.com/word/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/rowies.jpg ) . 
  also known as a `` buttery '' . 
  it 's a bread roll with a flaky texture that tastes , as the name implies , buttery . 
  it tends to be slightly salty as well . 
  i ca n't think of a company that does advertising better than barr . 
  the shit they get away with at times is hilarious . 
  shetland and orkney you could get away with , but the isle of mann was only held by the norse for about 150 years before being taken over by scotland , and eventually england . 
  the uk is that low ? 
  was n't expecting that . 
  would be relatively interesting . 
  i know an alright amount about western and central europe , but i 'm not too familiar with eastern europe . 
  thumbs up from me at any rate . 
  `` irish and scothish '' . 
  i think they misplaced a letter . 
  also the fact they 've not included scots but have included breton and manx is a bit weird . 
  not even going to mention the fact their map of irish gaelic is just odd . 
  the scottish gaelic map being equally odd . 
  it 's not a very good map . 
  i can name 3 from scotland , england and wales ; i do n't know any from n.i. 
  unless i count a friend however :|, 
  the uk is too easy ; i 'd like to see people try and name three people from england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland ( in order of predicted difficulty ) . 
  yes , i 'm counting dialects . 
  scottish english is a dialect of english . 
  british english . 
  most scots speak scottish english when amongst themselves however . 
  if i remember correctly , the highlands are the least densely populated area in europe . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , you 're technically correct . 
  all the vote will confirm next year is whether or not the country wants to go independent . 
  there 's an 18 month period after that which will be spent organising the split and negotiating with the uk and europe . 
  we would n't officially be independent until at least 2016 . 
  admittedly , the spanish bagpipe there sounded a lot better than the great highland bagpipe . 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's just a different style of bagpipe or whether the guy can just play it better than the vast majority of pipers . 
   he told me kids were punished if they spoke it in school and so on . 
  something replicated in the scottish highlands for gaelic , and the scottish lowlands for scots . 
  speaking gaelic in school got you a beating . 
  speaking scots in school and you were derided by the teachers for speaking a language that was described as : '' . . not the language of ` educated ' people anywhere , and could not be described as a suitable medium of education or culture '' this lasted well into the 60s and tapered off a bit in the 90s . 
  gaelic took far worse of a beating than scots did . 
  there are estimated 1.5 million scots speakers . 
  gaelic however only has roughly 60,000 speakers in 2001 , compared to 210,000 at the turn of the 20th century . 
  may i inquire why ? 
  i do n't see any logical train of thought that would lead someone to think it would be a good idea revert the smoking ban and abolish the devolved parliament . 
  for starters , they promoted [ this man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xr4wozs.jpg ) to the leadership role of ukip in scotland . 
  couple that with their policy regarding the devolved assembly , in which they intend to remove scottish msps and replace them with westminster mps . 
  not a popular move at all . 
  ukip have n't got a fucking clue . 
  still , even then i do n't agree with the way the protesters were acting . 
  they were being complete cunts . 
  ... that cake . 
  do want . 
  i barely ever find decent fudge cake since they closed down the food court in the bon accord centre in aberdeen . 
  the place was a hidden gem . 
   on that topic . 
  is there any traction with the independence campaign?has the momentum died down or only gathering pace while there 's still quite some time until the real deal ?
