  it 's fascinating , they have a completely different political culture up there . 
   wales ' one council election had a near-majority of independents , with our national party coming second it 's a trend in scotland as well , most the island council 's are made up almost entirely of independents . 
  the western isles are independent , orkney is independent , shetland is independent , etc. 
  it 's a scottish slang phrase , it essentially means `` come on then '' which in plainest english means `` fight me if you 're tough enough '' . 
  the 2007 glasgow airport terrorist attack . 
  a group of extremists got together to attack glasgow airport . 
  why glasgow airport ? 
  fuck knows . 
  anyway ; in all their genius , they decide the way to do this is to load up a jeep full of propane canisters and drive it into the terminal at full speed . 
  it did n't quite work out . 
  lacking the cognitive functions to perhaps have scouted out the area they were going to attack before initiating their rather idiotic plan , they decided instead to just bomb it ( no pun intended ) straight towards the terminal ... 
  ... right into the bollards outside the doors , put it place to prevent them doing the exact same thing they 'd be intending to do . 
  they smashed right into the bollards and the car caught fire . 
  none of the propane canisters exploded . 
  following this , one of them decided to jump out of the car whilst on fire and try and fight the police , who 'd come to see what the fuck was going on . 
  in the middle of this melee , in enters an off-duty baggage handler , who taking note of the situation , decides to enter the brawl . 
  entering the fray , he shouted , in the typical scots fashion , `` fuckin ' mon , then '' before booting the would-be-terrorist in the balls . 
  how hard did he kick him in the balls ? 
  [ i think this newspaper covers it pretty well ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rnaqxl7uvv8/t8d3jntahpi/aaaaaaaacx4/bx2ga6mossg/s1600/i-kicked-burning-terrorist-so-hard-in-balls.png ) that describes scotland pretty well i think . 
  there were suggestions of putting the picture of the article up on the scottish border with the words `` scotland welcomes careful drivers '' put on it . 
  can confirm , we have none of this ` sauce ' up in aberdeenshire . 
  yeah ... mate , you have n't a clue what you 're talking about . 
  the snp are civic nationalists , not ethnic nationalists , hell , they have a bunch of english msps in the party . 
   as i imagine ed miliband of labour is ( second largest party atm , and the more leftist party ) . 
  speaking of miliband , i was rather amused by george galloway , last wednesday he was claiming that ed was the sort of person he would vote for and `` the right man for the labour party '' , yesterday galloway started calling him a spineless coward . 
  happy days . 
  scotland . 
  yay !, 
  the usual . 
  the only interesting things i can think that have happened recently are : an snp ( scottish national party ) msp ( member of scottish parliament ) , brian adam , died of cancer , triggering a by-election . 
  thankfully the responses from all sides of the government have been heartfelt , with no politickeering . 
  the interesting thing about this is that it might possibly lose the snp their overall majority in government . 
  i say this hypothetically though , the snp have a 20 % lead of over labour in the ward he 's in , so another snp msp is almost guaranteed to be re-elected . 
  but interesting none-the-less . 
  osbourne is trying to claim that the uk government might not want to enter a currency union with scotland post-independence . 
  ignoring the fact this would probably damage both the economies of the uk and scotland for no real reason other than petty grievance . 
  he pulled another `` your pensions are doomed '' quote out today . 
  recycle repeat , eh george ? 
  asides from that , the only other thing that happened is that hong kong are giving scottish pounds a better exchange rate than english pounds , at hk$ 11.50 to one scottish pound compared to hk$ 11.30 to one english pound . 
  is this the place rejected telegraph columnists go to write ? 
  what a load of baws . 
  i might have been inclined to take it more seriously if the writer was able to maintain a brief facade of professionalism , but he sounds pretty much like a ukip activist . 
  he 's even got all the keywords there : `` immigrants '' `` benefits '' `` welfare '' `` welfare class '' `` taxpayer 's money '' . 
  seriously , i aim this at the euro-skeptics . 
  if you want me to take you , and your arguments , seriously , then stop acting like such a bunch of pretentious twats . 
  they 're essentially the same , we just called them `` neds '' . 
  games design & production management at the university of abertay . 
  as for electrical engineering ; i suggest you take a look at robert gordon 's in aberdeen . 
  it has a set of very good engineering courses , not of course forgetting that at the current time , people living in eu countries get their tuition paid for by saas . 
  it 's scots mixed with english ; with a bit too much scots to be considered `` scottish english '' . 
  edit : the proper way to spell it would be something more akin to : `` the bit o ' europe tha 's nae in scotland or ingland ; ken ? '', 
  you could maybe try getting into a role in a summer camp somewhere , might be a bit late like , they tend to be organised by around december . 
  how 're your other languages ? 
  i disagree with that assessment . 
  i think it has very little to do with what the english ` were ' . 
  it 's just that for the longest time scotland was essentially the workshop of the british empire , 75 % of it 's population were working class until about the 1980s , and whilst now it 's 50 % working class and 50 % middle class , roughly 25 % of the middle class still consider themselves working class , and the working class are predominantly left-wing . 
  neil oliver . 
  he also did the voice-over for the new visit scotland adverts . 
  word of warning , the episode is roughly an hour long , and they 're pretty addicting to watch . 
  hume did n't represent the people that made up the vast majority of scotland . 
  the man was a bit of a twat towards working class scotland , and dismissed the native language as `` uncivilised '' . 
  his ideas may have been beneficial to the enlightenment , but i do n't like him as a person , he came across as a stuck up eejit . 
  smith was more interesting . 
  there was a pretty good episode of `` a history of scotland '' that covered his changes in ideology through his experiences . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovdnk0teo-i ) . 
  compared to the american south we 'd practically be considered communist on their political spectrum . 
  tartan 's pretty ancient , there are records of picts wearing tartan trews all the way back in the roman period ; but yeah , `` clan tartan '' is a recent invention . 
   what do you have against the english ? 
  i do n't believe not wanting people to confuse scotland and england as one thing is the same as hating the english , that 's bit of a logic leap there . 
  all the ` other ' seats in scotland are snp held ones , just to give a bit of clarity there . 
  ~ ~ also , is shetland missing from that map ? ~ ~ no , orkney is . 
  tsch , lazy drawing , orkney and shetland may be of the same constituency , but they 're still geographically different areas . 
  scotland may not be as rabidly anti-eu as parts of england , but the chance of any of us agreeing to join the euro in it 's current state is next to zero . 
  it 's just too dangerous for us to even consider it . 
  who knows , maybe in the future . 
  do you think anyone in scotland actually trusts what he says ? 
  hell , does anyone in england ? 
  people may not agree with independence , but they certainly do - not - agree with the status-quo . 
  most are hoping for further devolution , so the calls for `` positive arguments '' are essentially , `` what are you going to give us ? '' . 
  that 's what it boils down to really :p that being said , i know a fair few people who used to be unionists but got really fed up of negative campaigning and switched sides . 
  i was one back in 2010 . 
  scotland representing : darling and osbourne have gone into attack dog mode regarding the currency of an independent scotland , buzzwords include the usual `` uncertainty '' `` threaten '' `` warning '' . 
  the usual . 
  more interestingly however , the trade unions have warned labour , saying they better start coming up with some positive reasons for staying in the union , as the trade unionists are n't `` going to toe the party line '' . 
  sticking to labour , johann lamont ( head of the scottish labour party ) done a complete 180 , and is now saying she wants to work with the snp to protect the poor and the venerable , where her policy previously had been to pretty much oppose anything the snp did . 
  really fuck all else has happened this week , a reptile house in a zoo is lothian burnt down , lot of dead animals . 
  a local glacier repaired all the glass for free . 
  which was nice . 
  that 's about it . 
  oh they did , and they needed to be quashed , but by this point the labour unions barely represented the workers . 
  there were many cases of workers voting against strikes , and the union leaders still went ahead with them anyway . 
  thatcher could have knocked the unions down a peg , but she went further than that , she gutted entire industries and left entire communities unemployed over her vendetta . 
   why is there such a different mindset not that i necessarily agree with celebrating her death , i honestly do n't give two fucks , the only thing that bothers me is that we 're paying for her funeral , we should n't be , she does n't deserve it for starters . 
  but really , you have to understand the depths of which some people despised her in britain , she was responsible for the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs amongst those who needed them the most , couple that with the fact that she made absolutely no effort to aid the workers she 'd just tossed out onto the streets and just essentially left them to wallow in poverty , and you begin to scratch the surface in regards to why people hated her so much . 
  ams actually . 
  equally however , it could be pointed out that people are quite happy with the snp overall , and largely supportive of their policies , which are for the most part left-wing . 
  there 's certain a chance that a right-wing party could resurgence in scotland , but i do n't think they 'll get a majority . 
  the left-wing is still hugely popular in scotland , despite the quoted persons ' opinion . 
  even pre-thatcher , the conservatives were mostly restricted to rural areas , which are very un-populated in comparison to the cities . 
  for example , in the 1974 general election , the one before the thatcher government , the conservatives only got 16 seats , to labour 's 41 .
