  what else were we supposed to do ? 
  you whiny english could n't handle a couple of inches of snow and thus none of our stuff got delivered . 
  had to make do with what we had right ? 
  the president of the ec , barroso , hinted at it . 
  his vice-president was a lot more vague saying ` there is no precedent either way ' and a director general of the ec , graham avery suggested that `` for practical and political reasons the idea of scotland leaving the eu , and subsequently applying to join it , is not feasible . '', 
  barroso - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-20664907 graham avery - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-20155813 ca n't find the comment by neelie kroes , the bbc search function is a bit iffy . 
  hardly . 
  the telegraph 's one and only claim to fame in the past decade has been exposing the expenses scandal , asides from that all it has is opinion pieces written by the likes of jeremy clarkson and boris johnson . 
  the bbc at least can be expected to report the news and not just spout opinion pieces everywhere . 
  the policy has been in effect for a while now . 
  hungary ( 2004 ) , the czech republic ( 2004 ) , latvia ( 2004 ) , romania ( 2007 ) , bulgaria ( 2007 ) , lithuania ( 2004 ) and poland ( 2004 ) all still use their own currencies . 
  they may all be obligated to join it , but they can delay the process indefinitely if they feel it may damage their economy . 
  hypothetically , do you have anything that says they ca n't ? 
   who says spain wo n't block your efta candidacy ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , the only requirement for getting into the efta is the agreement of all four of the members of it , switzerland , norway , iceland and liechtenstein . 
  spain has nothing to do with the efta . 
  as far as i 'm aware , we do n't have a reputation for imprisoning journalists and having horrific orphanage conditions , amongst other claims about turkey . 
   scotland will be in for a rude awakening when they realize that they will actually be kicked out of the eu when they split from the uk . 
  there 's no precedent either way . 
  one statement from one figurehead does not determine the process , not when others in the ec disagree with him . 
  that 's not even covering the fact that of the three executive bodies within the eu , the ec has the least decision on the outcome . 
  the council of the european union and the court of justice of the european union will the people who actually decide the outcome . 
  turkey has some significant human rights issues . 
  why do people still use the telegraph as a source ? 
  it may not be the daily mail , but it toes the line with alarming regularity . 
  not to mention the fact it 's not actually reporting anything new . 
   social dislocation of glasgow ** and dundee ** the better glasgow , yes , but dundee ? 
  maybe 20 years ago , but dundee is n't exactly wallowing in poverty at the moment . 
   for example , would ruk keep the sea rights surrounding faslane no , the snp have made it fairly clear they want absolutely nothing to do with trident , presumably that would mean they take control of faslane , along with all the other scottish military bases . 
  as to what 'll be done with the nukes , that remains to be seen . 
  the ruk do n't have anywhere they can safely store them , and it 's estimated it would take ~ 10 years to build another place to store them , so ; it suggests that the scottish government might be able to use them as a bargaining chip in negotiations , saying we 'll keep them until you get another base build , but it return for some concessions . 
  i certainly ca n't see the nukes remaining in faslane indefinitely . 
   and who gets rockall ? 
  does n't really mean all that much in the end , it 's an uninhabited rock . 
  the un law of the sea convention states that uninhabited islands do n't exert any eez or continental shelf of their own if they 're in the territorial waters of another nation . 
   also , there 's questions to settle like what form the crown will have scotland retains the monarchy , for now . 
  i suspect things will mostly continue as normal in regards to them . 
  i 'm more amused by the fact you seem to think homosexuality did n't exist in the past . 
  try ancient greece for starters , sparta in particular was well known for it . 
  it was in-fact considered a punishment to be married to a women in sparta . 
  still , i 'm content in the knowledge that people of your frame of mind are slowly dying out . 
  thank heavens for mortality eh ? 
   if you 're not even going to look for studies , then you 're not looking for the truth . 
  a dodge worthy of a politician . 
  sorry mate , no dice . 
  you ca n't source your argument , then i 'm not going to take it seriously . 
  he really wo n't . 
  the polls are showing labour in the lead with conservatives behind , this is mainly because labour gained massively from the loss of lib dem voters and the conservatives lost a fair few votes to ukip , but in reality when the general election comes round , they 'll fall back to the old failing of fptp and vote for the two parties . 
  ukip voters will for the most part vote conservative to stop labour getting into power . 
  as to whether the lib dems regain their votes or not remains to be seen . 
   it 's a fact that gay parents are worse for children than natural parents . 
  there 're many studies on it if you would actually look for them , and everybody that denies that is just ignorant . 
  the burden of proof is upon - you - if you want to argue your idiotic argument , then pull out the sources , do n't whine at us to go and find them . 
  cameron is almost guaranteed to be re-elected unless labour really pull themselves together . 
  the scottish labour party in particular is leaking support like a boat made of swiss cheese , the party leader johann lamont is even more incompetent than the previous scottish labour leader , iain gray . 
  it 's an interesting notion , because when asked how they would vote if the conservatives were re-elected , 59 % said they would ` yes ' , which is a rather staggering rise from the other polls showing between 30-40 % on simply asking what they 'll vote . 
  scottish = whisky everywhere else = whiskey, 
   maybe then , finally , the `` braveheart ( freedom ) '' statue of mel gibson will be voted a crime against humanity and forcibly be deconstructed with dynamite . 
  it 's already been taken down , 
  / r/scotland is missing :(, 
  man they 'll be pissed . 
  complete political suicide . 
  the anti-europe stuff with continue in england as long as the papers spout it . 
  they need a convenient scapegoat , and they 'll happily use the eu . 
  do n't be a cunt . 
   you mean the same party that does n't want to ` subsidise ' the rest of the uk absolutely nothing to do with the debate . 
  it 's focused on homerule , not who subsidies who . 
  can you actually drag up a source showing any snp member suggesting that ` they do n't want to subsidise england ' or are you just heavily paraphrasing ? 
  torygraph article . 
  read with mountains of salt . 
  i 've spoken to shetlanders before . 
  they may not necessarily agree with an independent scotland , but from the ones i 've spoken to , they definitely do n't want to be left behind in the uk if scotland leaves . 
  however , lets hypothetically consider the notion that shetland remains within the uk , they 'd have right to a large chunk of the oil right ? 
  not quite . 
  the un law of the sea convention , which the uk is a signatory to , states that islands belonging to one nation in the territorial waters of another have either vastly reduced , or no exclusive economic zone and continental shelf http://www.ejil.org/pdfs/12/1/505.pdf it 's a pretty long read , so i 'll highlight the relevant bits ( ca n't actually copy / paste from the pdf ) page 100 , paragraph 2 onwards page 105 ( drawing illustrating what a potential eez would look like if orkney and shetland remained within the uk ) further moving onto addressing the article however :  shetland 's residents have traditionally been hostile to scottish independence and prefer westminster government to that from holyrood . 
  i view that with heavy amounts of scepticism . 
  the shetlanders are hostile towards any form of mainland rule , the drive i see there is for greater local rule , not for london rule . 
   mr scott challenged the first minister to `` accept that fact '' . 
  when shetland 's local authority held a referendum 35 years ago asking if residents wanted to be part of an independent scotland , the result was nine to one against . 
  35 years ago . 
  is the man having a laugh ? 
  35 years ago , thatcher was electable . 
  35 years ago , scotland was in the grip of poverty , and had the worst standards of living in western europe . 
  since when was a poll conducted 35 years ago relevant to today ? 
  honestly , the telegraph is hilarious at times . 
  it 's standards of reporting are as bad as the daily mail . 
  just going to toss in burnistoun as well . 
  two best sketches from it ( in my personal opinion ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saz_uvnueuu ( elevator sketch ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzthgdjgx0e ( two litre bottle of ginger sketch ), 
   with history almost exclusively internal issues or who we defeated and when . 
  scottish student who recently finished my advances highers . 
  standard grade history - industrial revolution ( in britain ) , agriculture and lifestyle of such ( again britain ) , diseases , living conditions , wages etc ( essentially looking at the working class of britain ) , first world war , but with a pretty wide focus . 
  looking at the causes of war , the political situations of the various countries , later on mainly focusing on weaponary , inventions ( and their effect on battles ) as well as the battles themselves . 
  fairly britain central , it naturally could be argued . 
  but then higher - the italian reunification ( garibaldi , piedmonte , austro-hungarian empire , all that good stuff ) , hitler 's rise to power , starting from immediately post ww1 germany . 
  looking at the weimar republic , the various political parties , the economic situation , etc. 
  a very in-depth look at society . 
  and our final topic was empire and migration . 
  essentially looking at the effect scottish migrants and emigrants to scotland had on their respective countries . 
  ( scots in new zealand , australia , america , canada , etc ) and ( emigrants such as the italians , irish , chinese , lithuanians etc and their effects on scotland ) . 
  as well as looking at the effects on scots on the british empire ( glasgow tea trade , clydesdale ship yards , etc ) advanced higher - american civil war for the entire year .
