  are you really this pathetic ? 
  you were n't asking whether destroying the bridges would save lives . 
  you were asking if , assuming that destroying the bridges would save lives , they should go ahead and destroy them . 
  if that was n't the intended question , then you expressed it terribly . 
  note that the heat of the debate here is around guys like angel_lust , opt1mus and bobanjso who downplay the actions of milosevic and claim that he did n't have to be stopped . 
  they are not acting like the powerless victims you describe . 
  but yeah , there are assholes on both sides . 
  what does the location have to do with anything ? 
  of course lives are more important than bridges ... 
  the eu is well deserving of some criticism , but ... gdp growth vs china ? 
  seriously , that 's your argument ? 
  obviously you grow less when you 're already high ... not to mention , nothing in your graphs hints at the eu being the cause of anything . 
  go ahead then , what are you waiting for ? 
  the spread of standard french started with the revolution , but it 's estimated that in 1880 ~ 80 % of french people still only or mostly spoke a regional language . 
  soldiers not understanding orders was a factor in the 1870 defeat against prussia , which was a major motivation for jules ferry 's 1882 law on free and mandatory school , which finally cemented french as the majority 's everyday language . 
  neither are op 's though . 
  yeah , there are things that i like about living in hungary , but the local politics are n't one of them . 
   just like how , during the romanian revolution of ' 89 , people cut the communist symbol out of the romanian flag . 
  in fact the idea of cutting the communist symbol out of the flag is older than the soviet collapse ; it dates back to the 1956 hungarian uprising . 
  interestingly , i do n't know if it 's the case in romania , but in hungary you can still see some of these holed flags around the parliament . 
  i really doubt it is the case with the obviously one-shot account i responded to though . 
  i see a lot of people on this thread are putting their karma where their mouth is ... / s, 
  [ basque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_language ) is one of the few european languages that do not come from the indo-european family . 
  is belgium really proud of a character created by a brit ? 
  indeed we do , that 's why i specified `` latin banter '' . 
  we can be a lot harsher towards each other while still being very good friends . 
  it 's not a rare occurrence to see two frenchies yelling the worst obscenities at each other before ordering another round together , in front of a brit wondering what the hell just happened . 
  you 're posting to / r/europe , not / r/unitedkingdom , expect some latin banter , 
  but ... are n't people naked in traditional hammams ? 
  did you know that the word `` vagina '' means `` scabbard '' in latin ? 
  sigh . 
  the point is that the reapers do n't touch species that are still developing . 
  there 's no guarantee that another ai would be so benevolent . 
  both are meaningful imo . 
  a single chart can rarely show a full story . 
  2am chili , never forget, 
  `` gros x '' can be used in french insults pretty much the same way you would say `` fucking x '' in english . 
  yes , it 's the old word . 
  it also remains in `` orf\u00e8vre '' ( goldsmith ) . 
  it 's the same thing in france ( lefebvre , lef\u00e8vre , fabre , favre ) but one of them still managed to win . 
  damn i had no idea this originated from reddit . 
  i 've been to the french one , they make some [ lovely goat cheese ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/rocamadour_aoc.jpg ) there . 
   in q1/2015 that was before merkel promised not to send them back if they reach germany . 
  also you do n't have to * wait * for the bill . 
  call the waiter and ask for it !, 
  probably people were hurrying to go through before the fence was closed . 
  you use racial slur as a username without even knowing what it means ? 
  unlike your username . 
  tyl the internet already existed in the 90s , 
  language teaching in france in general is pretty terrible , and nowhere near practical enough . 
  paprika just means dried pepper in hungarian , hence the confusion , 
  this is one of the dumbest comparisons i 've seen regarding this topic , and competition was fierce . 
   but other then that what is european about this ? 
  why does there need to be anything else ? 
  yeah it 's pretty big for a hamlet . 
  but the terminology generally used in france tends to be quite specific : if it is its own municipality , we call it a village , and if it is part of another village 's municipality , it 's a hamlet . 
  which only makes sense if you consider that we have more than 36,000 municipalities , so the average size is 1,800 inhabitants ( 1,500 if you exclude municipalities  100,000 inhabitants ) . 
  coming from a 100 inhabitants hamlet , y' all 's idea of small is hilarious . 
   all right . 
  because no one is going elsewhere . 
  i do n't think you realize that what we get is a fraction of what neighboring countries receive . 
  the point is , just because they 've reached the refugee camp does n't mean they 're suddenly not desperate anymore . 
  at first i thought it was mostly about the west bank , but west is n't in the list and ecb is # 3 , so ... 
  you 're new to this internet thing , are n't you ? 
  water goes up , water falls down , you ca n't explain that . 
  honestly i did n't read that comment as being that cynical . 
  in all probability , and supported by what i have seen , orphaned children are indeed a very small fraction of the migrants . 
  this woman has a very low chance of receiving the type of refugee she seems to expect . 
  i think it adds to how implausible it is that they 're all icelandic . 
  yeah , both metrics are somewhat interesting , but in the end , giving only one sport per country is never going to tell that much , regardless of how it is chosen . 
  yeah i think it would be interesting to have the statistic as a percentage of the total number of medals ever given out in a discipline ; that would better reflect a country 's dominance in the discipline , and reduce the bias towards medal-heavy disciplines . 
  it might introduce a bias towards newer disciplines that have n't had many medals at all though . 
  it 's not mandatory and locals often do n't do it here in hungary , or just round up , but i generally give ~ 10 % . 
  for example lunch is between 1000 and 1500 ft , so i tend to round up to the nearest hundred and add 100 . 
   in fact marriages in california are easy to do , all you need is 5 consenting adults : 2 folks to be married , 1 officiant , and 2 witnesses . 
  it seems relatively similar to france to be honest , with the difference of course that the officiant can only be a mayor or municipal council member . 
  and the it must be announced 10 days in advance at the town hall . 
  i think france is fairly unique in recognizing absolutely no religious wedding and not having any kind of license that allows anyone but an elected representative to celebrate a wedding . 
  well the main section of the metro 4 has been finished ( which includes keleti ) , so that 's a whole bunch of areas that were in construction and are now done . 
   and the majority of english words are english . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  [ ~ ~ a ~ ~ * the * queen ] ( http://hellogiggles.hellogiggles.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/06/margaery-tyrell.jpg ), 
   that 's right , the absolut monarchs of france before the revolution had less power than p\u00e9tain what could p\u00e9tain do that say louis xiv could n't ? 
  he was only replaced by his daughter as president years ago . 
  ( `` they '' being the ngo les restos du coeur , not beggars :p ), 
  so was hungary twenty hours ago , that 's how summer storms generally work . 
  the largest inside ones as well , with nice white tiles everywhere . 
  actually , while it was united politically , france was pretty much like that culturally . 
  bretons , basques , occitans , picards , etc were quite different and spoke different languages . 
  even as late as 1880 , 80 % of the french population still did n't speak french , which only rose to prominence because it was the language spoken in the capital . 
  and alsace , unsurprisingly . 
  what language is the `` platapas '' shown on the map then ? 
  [ tomato , pasta , basil , actually . 
  ] ( http://cdn.visualnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/italy-flag-made-from-food-600x468.jpg ), 
  oops , 1780s , 
  in my home hamlet ( ~ 100 inhabitants ) there was a man nicknamed le grand quinson . 
  he lived from the 1780s the 1830s . 
  he was a very talkative man ( hence his nickname `` the great chaffinch '' ) , and became famous for his predictions : * soon chariots will move on their own , smoking and making a loud noise . 
  * when they build a cross on top of the mountain above saint-andr\u00e9-la-c\u00f4te ( a neighboring village ) , a great war will come . 
  ( a cross was built in 1914 and the inauguration had to be postponed due to the mobilisation ) * one day the rh\u00f4ne river will flow here .
