  i missed the last episode , but i could n't even force myself to watch the recording . 
  my theory is that - since it was first announced in september , or late august 2015 - it was produced as a form of soft-power response to russia 's behaviour in the aftermath of crimea ( well , that definitely was the inspiration , was n't it ? 
  ) , but then september came and the migrant crisis broke and the powers-that-be suddenly were less interested in blowing air into that balloon , since they had other matters to attend to . 
  it is . 
  i generally do n't dig romance-languages culture ( here : french , spanish , italian ) , so it was a bit of getting over the acquired taste , but it 's really good indeed . 
  you have been banned from / r/russia for russophobia . 
  have-a-free-go-at-anyone-else-using-them card has been drawn . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  we found one of the guys that threw coins at the gypsy kids in france !, 
  pray tell , who ? 
  with `` dick '' at least it was [ `` spotted dick '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spotted_dick ) , so they get off scot free , masquerading it as a normal word . 
  i liked the [ platypus sex toy joke ] ( https://youtu.be/iagkhsnqxa8?t=5m ) . 
  that was fantastic , i enjoyed it immensely !, 
  because knowing it and using it with native-like proficiency are , often , two different things . 
  which means that non-natives run the risk of being at a disadvantage in negotiations , in debates , etc. 
  unless we 're okay with segregating into the speaks and the speak-nots for some time , until everyone who wants to matter is anglicised . 
  sorry i 've wasted your time if there 's `` nothing '' in what i linked to . 
  [ starting from page 71 , you 'll find some relevant information , i hope ] ( https://www.wsiz.rzeszow.pl/pl/uczelnia/kadra/okurek/documents/prezentacja_5ldz_2014-2015.pdf ), 
  what 's the distance from kaliningrad to major cities in the nearest nato country ? 
  what 's the distance from us bases in germany to major cities in russia ( / belarus , if you will ) ? 
  the [ peter principle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_principle ) at work ? 
  shame about the missing players , i was n't aware of that . 
  the hooligan business probably did n't help either . 
  well , here 's hoping russian footballers get their heads screwed on proper for the next one . 
  hey , i was happy because slovakia won , not because russia lost . 
  this is the internet . 
  some levity , some malice , some obscenity is to be expected . 
  the trick is to separate the noise from the signal and focus on that . 
  this is the best i can offer at present . 
  what about the other side ? 
  `` kill the fascist eu dream . 
  / u/urca _ foothills `` yessss come onnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn no more british tit for the eu to suck on tit denied '' / u/crap _ punchline how do these two impartial and well thought-out comments fit into the scheme of things ? 
  hey , at the end of the day , yours is still the biggest country in the world , so there 's that !, 
  plus , you ca n't win 'em all , it 's okay to lose from time to time . 
  well , to quote the title of the article which appeared after germany 's victory against england in the 2010 world cup : `` mut , dein name ist l\u00f6w '' ( courage , your name is loew ) . 
  and what courage , what balls it is - first you 'd have to have some big proper cojones to scratch 'em like that in front of millions , with full knowledge of cameras being all around you ; then to have the balls to apologise ! ... 
  no spoilers , i 've purposefully avoided watching the serial and am just about to finish the first book . 
  should the state regulate and mandate sterilisation in ( at least ? ), 
  one of them , to ascertain that no children will be genetically burdened , should they conceive ? 
  then we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  thank you for your attempt at communication . 
  well , with incest and in-breeding , there are the eventual , unfortunate genetic consequences ( i am led to believe that the habsburgs may have been a case in point ) . 
  but that 's the point , is n't it ? 
  i see nothing wrong with legalising polygamy and it 'd be fantastic if you could give me any reason for saying it should remain illegal , apart from `` it 's ( always ) been that way '' and `` because no '' . 
  or , to co-opt your own construction - some people in europe believe gay marriage should be illegal ; some people in europe believe marijuana should be illegal ; some people in europe women should not have the right to vote . 
  personally , i 'm rather inclined to say the first two things i listed above should indeed be illegal , and i 'd be giving arguments why i think so . 
  that women should have the right to vote is as obvious as the sun , so i 'd just laugh at someone who 'd try to say anything to the contrary , but if need be , i 'd also be giving arguments for why it should indeed be so . 
  now , with polygamy , as i had already stated at the top of this comment tree , i see reasons why it should not be a problem and i see no reasons why it should . 
  i had repeatedly asked , in different ways , if you could provide me with any - and your only , as far as i can tell , counter-point was trying to shame me for suggesting that it would be accommodating to people coming here from cultures where polygamy is accepted , which is currently not part of our ( i.e. 
  european ) culture . 
  so , if you do indeed find the time , please give me an argument on why it would be a bad thing for our societies to accept consensual polygamy as one of the options ( mind - not the only one , by no means ) . 
  i shall be extremely grateful if you do . 
  you appear to be fixated on me saying that changing this one cultural norm would be accommodating to those arriving to europe from societies where polygamy is accepted . 
  this was not the entirety of my argument , and i would be happy if you could try and adopt a broader look at my argument . 
  are you saying there are no native europeans who 'd ever consider polygamy to be an acceptable option ? 
  i am a native european and am considering whether polygamy ( or polyamory , if you will ) could become one of the culturally accepted options available to europeans . 
  does such contemplation disqualify me in your eyes from having the right to call myself european ? 
  secondly , are you saying no cultural norms ever change and they are set in stone like the ten commandments [ edit : that ] had been , purportedly , set in stone by the hand of god ? 
  saying that no cultural norms [ edit : change ] would be patently false , would n't it ? 
  persecution of gays used to be a cultural norm in europe , and yet that has changed - and is changing still , as the process is not yet complete . 
  lastly , your last point is not true as well - like i said , you 've fixated yourself over a single point , ignoring the rest of my argument . 
  i hope it is not you who is the troll , if you continue in your narrow approach to my argument . 
  or , if you feel this is leading nowhere and would rather not continue this discussion , then i thank you for your time and the discussion thus far . 
  yes , these are my words . 
  it appears i am lacking the mental capacity to comprehend . 
  can you tell me where you see the inherent connection between the nature of polygamy and the persecution of gays , beating of wives and female genital mutilation ? 
  i would be much obliged if you could clarify this to me , as this is the point i am struggling with . 
  i will have to disagree . 
  i see no inherent problem with polygamy - so it should be no problem to recognise it and incorporate it into our culture . 
  nor do i see an inherent connection between polygamy and all the negative phenomena you have listed ( save for the fact that they appear to coincide with the culture in which polygamy is wide-spread , or accepted as a norm ) . 
  however , i think it is clear that in europe we recognise that persecuting gays , beating wives and female genital mutilation are wrong . 
  therefore , we should be able to accept polygamy with no fear of introducing an acceptance for the negative elements which you listed , since they are not inherently connected . 
  lastly , i will have to disagree with your diagnosis of `` i do n't give a feck '' . 
  i am not saying we should switch over local cultures in their entirety to any given migrant culture . 
  i am talking about merely one aspect . 
  good point , i had n't considered that before . 
  thank you . 
  is polygamy inherently associated with persecuting gays , beating wives and female genital mutilaton , because i will admit - my knowledge of the intricacies of polygamy is only perfunctory and i am at present unaware of such a connection . 
  plus , moving the bulk of industrial pollution to asia and then shipping the goods back to other parts of the world means that in actual fact more emissions are created . 
  and if what naomi klein writes in her latest book , * this changes everything * , which deals with the topic of climate change , is true , then while emissions accounting records a decrease in scotland , an increase in , for example , china , the increased logistics-related emissions are never even accounted for . 
  so what we 're doing , in essence , is not just passing the buck , but outright fooling ourselves and actively causing a deterioration of the situation . 
  well done us . 
  the space-faring explorers who come upon the remains of our civilisations will be quite quizzed , i imagine , trying to understand how we could have willingly and deliberately lied ourselves into an eventual extinction . 
  ( this may have been written in jest , for those of you who 've not played the game stellaris ), 
  yes , i do hear myself and i ca n't quite put my finger down on what you mean exactly . 
  no , tell me , please - how would that be a regression ? 
  what is regressive about the nature of polygamy if it is consensually entered into ? 
  do assume i am obtuse and spell it out for me , or eli5 , if you will . 
  what about homosexualism in ancient greece , or rome ? 
  am i to understand tolerance of homosexuality that has developed in europe at the end of the 20th and the beginning of the 21st century is actually a throw-back to ancient times ? 
  what about the 10th century precisely , since i appear to be out of my depth in what appears to be the relevant aspect of medieval history ? 
  surely , striving for such dominance would be the spark which would ignite the tinder of that virile ambition and would only lead to the betterment of our societies , as men would compete to outbid their competition , creating a choice-rich environment for potential mates where women would be given the very best of the best ? 
  i may have expressed myself wrongly , apparently leading you to wrong conclusions , for which i apologise . 
  it 's not that i believe polygamy should be allowed because , come on , it 's the current year , but rather because : 1 ) there are members of european societies for whom it 's a natural part of the culture they come from and who may be currently alienated from integrating fully into the european society because they 're forced to live in dishonesty or are forbidden to practice what they see as natural 2 ) there are people who 'd want it 3 ) it is my understanding that the traditional moral foundations which forbade it ( i.e. 
  such as , inter alia , christianity ) have been eroded , so why should those eroded foundations be still binding in a time where most people simply do n't care 4 ) we live in free societies where men and women should be able to govern their relationships as they see fit this is my case as of this time . 
  can you do me the honour of explaining why polygamy should remain forbidden in europe ( or any other part [ edit : of the world ] for that matter , as the geographic characteristics of where it is and is n't forbidden are quite peculiar , and appear - to my layman 's eye - to be strongly correlated with countries with islamic law , correct me if i 'm wrong ? 
  how about legalising polygamy ? 
  a lot of progress has been made in terms of homosexual relationships , why should n't european law change to reflect the times we 're living in . 
  maybe polygamy could also be another facet in our response to declining birth rates ? 
  and there 's the extra benefit of not pushing away migrants - why should they feel unwelcome if they know they 'll have to go on pretending that they have a single wife , and all the other women are just `` girlfriends '' ?
