  what was i ( briefly , mind ! ), 
  looking at ?? 
  yep , we 're all like that , japan tells it like it is . 
  would be a shame to waste those topols on such a bunch of stupid people , even if that is your wet dream . 
  whoa , that 's cruel . 
  you 're saying english food is so bad it gets better after you 'd shat on it ? 
  harsh . 
  no , you 're right . 
  as far as i am aware , the guy who banned me was removed from his moderator position , because he threw hissy fits and banned people left and right . 
  however , what is the appropriate forum for discussing this ? 
  ( because i believe we 're breaking some subreddit rules here , but guess who 'll get hit with the shit-stick ), 
  so are you saying my bans were not reversed , even though i was reinstated in posting rights after contacting the moderators before the ban period elapsed ? 
  but those bans were frivolous and were reversed , so can i have that tag removed ? 
  are you profiling me ? 
  what is tagged ? 
  am i tagged , for instance ? 
  there 's nothing like being the big bad brother to your neighbour nations !, 
  i 'm afraid that russia may have been investing in their military recently and they may have , in fact , stopped using the t-34s , however perfect they may have been . 
  must be new instructions they sent out to putinbots recently . 
  when the migration crisis started , i saw a decrease in putinbot activity - i 'm guessing they were waiting to see how that unfolded , while doing syria on the outside lane . 
  now they 're ramping up activity again . 
  guess * someone * is satisfied with how the migrant crisis turned out and is stepping up his game again . 
  sick burn . 
  ... at least until your current/former employer/co-workers routinely start describing you as a goat-fucker paedophile terrorist online and you start wondering why you 're encountering a certain reluctance from people who want to hire you / lend you something / etc. 
  who am i kidding , of course not !, 
  it 's brigading irl , duh . 
  i bet otto i was pretty miffed about it . 
  i know i would . 
  what about you , usanian ? 
  you were n't even a christian nation until , like , 1776 . 
  shame !, 
  your native language is english ? 
  there , you run a higher risk of being oblivious to imperialism through the assumed lingua franca of english . 
  someone - like in this article 's title - can suggest it 's obstinacy and refusal to accept `` an obvious reality '' . 
  someone - like the people cited in the article - will point out that forcing people to operate in a foreign language in questions of sensitive issues creates the additional ( and unnecessary ) risk of misunderstanding . 
  that 's why translations - themselves not always free of error , naturally - should be used to add a layer of accuracy . 
  then again - this creates security risks ( document leaks ) and , like i said , is not guaranteed to be word-perfect . 
  another issue someone may raise , if translations are involved , is the question of the financial burden : who should be liable to pay for the translations ? 
  the ecb ( translating into english from whichever language they receive the documents in ) or , here , german banks ( translating into english from their native language ) . 
  so , to me , it looks like the ecb does n't want to pony up the money for translations ( because of cost cutting and efficiency ) . 
  yep , they know their \u0411\u0440\u0430\u0442 2 , alright . 
  i agree . 
  nothing short of the likes of [ operation danube ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia ) in reverse , sort of , will do . 
  well memed . 
  't was just a prank , sirrah !, 
  shit , cover 's blown !, 
  bring down the temple !, 
  you do n't have to tell me . 
  ( do note that cbos is partially publicly funded and , in fact , supervised by the pm 's office ; either way , it 's too early to judge , we 'll know them by their fruits ), 
  so there 's your answer . 
  not enough relevance , more money will have to change hands . 
  they can , but can they self-organise sufficiently and with enough will on a scale relevant enough without an external ( i.e. 
  monetary ) motivation ? 
  i doubt it . 
  no , i note it as one possible ( if improbable , but that 's disputable ) alternative , one which i 'm personally not in favour of . 
  when it comes to me , i 'm in it for the long haul . 
  so we wait . 
  or someone pours money into organising public dissent ( because one thing it wo n't be is spontaneous ) , bringing the government to its knees . 
  depending on the methods , that could be a lot of money . 
  just goes to show how dumb they are , those western intelligence agencies . 
  very nice . 
  no hard feelings , got ta cultivate that siege mentality . 
  this is from www.wielkarzeczpospolita.net which was a site started , oh , some 15 years ago maybe ( where they 're advancing the timeline on a real-time basis ) as a sort of role-playing site where people sent in materials depicting and describing an alternative reality from the future with poland as a superpower . 
  this was generally speaking rather humorous and not to be taken seriously . 
  not to devolve into * tuquoque * , but corporations and big money are a new form of imperialism for our times , to me , but i understand our perspectives differ . 
  you specifically asked me about american imperialism , so i referred to american corporations , but naturally there are other world players . 
  they are n't all evil , and do n't have to be , but i am always highly suspicious of the influence they exert and the way they interact with governments - especially when an imperialism-like situation can occur , i.e. 
  where a corporation hailing from an influential state , or group of states , may unduly influence a weaker , less developed country . 
  these are obviously all complex issues and there are a lot of nuances here , naturally . 
  it 's a longer discussion that i 'm sorry to say i 'm not ready to have right now , but regarding iraq and afghanistan , and some other things - there 's a saying that 's been peddled here after po ( civic party ) suffered such an ignominious defeat in the last election year ; that po was a great party for solving problems , problems they themselves created . 
  there appear to be some similarities to how good the us are at fixing the world , from where i am sitting . 
  if i were to be frank , that 's probably the thing that irritates me the most in modern-day us in their role as `` world police '' - if they did n't spend so much time going about the world setting up half-arsed gung-ho solutions aimed to further their own goals , then maybe , just maybe , the world would n't be such a shithole ; now , admittedly , it 's an accusation that can be levied at perhaps more than just the us , but if you want to be the puppeteer , you have to take the tomato square in the face , if the show you give is shit . 
  briefly , thus : historically - the scuffle with spain , the philippines and gunboat diplomacy ; later vietnam , the south americas . 
  recently - iraq , afghanistan , nsa and - though this is not recent , but general - the economic influence exerted by american corporations . 
  yes , naturally i assume it was an accident ( albeit i am also seriously considering the second option , given the information that the farm had been bankrupt ; and by second option i mean insurance fraud ) . 
  everything else was mockery . 
  do n't get your panties in a twist , cheers . 
  yes . 
  ( and no , i 'm not justifying russian acquisitions ; i 'm against both russian and american imperialism - in fact , imperialism in general ), 
  brainstorm time - whodunnit ? 
  islamic terrorists ? 
  unlikely , since it was a low-profile haram target . 
  right-wing nutjobs in a false flag attack intended to fan anti-muslim sentiments ? 
  i think not . 
  if it was n't insurance money , then it must have been eco-terrorists ( given a string of similar incidents ) , in their war on the intensive livestock farming sector . 
  yes , the opportunity to get some real combat experience is one tangible benefit from that , albeit at a cost . 
  no questions asked . 
  ( to clarify : my `` no '' was in reference to your ascribing this view to me , it 's not my view in the sense that i do n't identify with it ; like i said originally - i agree with / u/fausto1981 in that it 's wrong to use the military for territorial acquisitions . 
  that 's easy , though . 
  what 's more tricky to evaluate is growth through economic/political interdependency . ), 
  anything the us ask for . 
  just ask , we 'll do it , no questions asked . 
  ( iraq , afghanistan - for what ? 
  no idea . 
  preference for buying us arms for big military deals for political reasons in the hopes that more or less vague us support will be given - [ f-16s being a case in point ] ( http://www.marshallcenter.org/mcpublicweb/mcdocs/files/college/f_publications/occpapers/occ-paper_11-en.pdf ) ; i guess we 've since learned that it 's not a two way street with the us and have adopted a less subservient stance . ), 
  now there 's a catch 22 - we ca n't get the vwp because we want to go to the us , so if only we could make us stop wanting to get to the us , we would get the vwp !, 
  brilliant !, 
  nah , romanians are cool in my book . 
  it 's always the confusion and conflation of roma and romanians that makes a lot of uneducated people dislike you . 
  different styles down to cultural differences that , when viewed through a lens abstract enough , do n't really matter in the long run .
