  just as , for some reason , you found what i was hoping to be a respectful way of ( i will admit ) clarifying the difference in views and hopefully swaying you to my point of view ( i.e. 
  that it is hurtful and dishonest towards the protesters to equate them to people who seem to take up murdering others indiscriminately for religious reasons ) ; just as , then , you found my manner of communicating odd , i find the collocation of `` i intend to * hate * you '' somewhat odd . 
  i 'd much more readily say that * hate * in such a statement would be a form of * motivation * . 
  ( albeit i 'll admit a statement of `` i intend to * love * you to the end of my days '' would be natural , since it 's something we can maybe hear someone who wants to take the marriage vows say ) but maybe i 'm just arguing semantics here just to be extra mean and rub it in your face ? 
  but we 've started with semantics in the first place . 
  and when you say it 's a question of intention , i have to repeat myself - the intention , to me , appears to be different in the two cases we 've been discussing . 
  so maybe motivation then ? 
  that the groups are the same because they 're motivated by hate ? 
  and there , too , i still see a difference , since hate , as i had already indicated and you yourself seemed to have corroborated , can be translated into different actions and reactions . 
  for some reason i am immune to your ability to generalise the two into one , and not for lack of trying , too . 
  i am sorry if you felt like i was doing it for the sake of a shitstorm . 
  i see no shitstorm , i see a difference of views . 
  i was under the impression that we were having one of those rare things , a civilised discussion , a respectful exchange of ideas , which i am immensely grateful for . 
  thank you . 
  i also believe i addressed your point about intentions , when i spoke of a spectrum of hate . 
  if you feel i was being dishonest then i can only offer my apologies and excuse myself for now as i need to go to sleep . 
  i do take into consideration what you wrote . 
  let me jog our memories : we started with ~ ~ you ~ ~ / u/slycthulhu equating disgruntled catholics on a protest to jihadists by [ ~ ~ reinforcing / u/peczko 's ~ ~ ; edit : oi , ignore , he 's the good guy here ! ], 
  using the slur of `` cathojihadists '' , to which i objected and you pronounced you disagreed with me . 
  you then proceeded to patiently try to explain to me how the two are the same , yet at every step of the way i failed to see the similarity and , additionally , you yourself several times reinforced the notion that there is a difference between the two . 
  so , are they one and the same or are they different ? 
  both at the same time ? 
  what is this , some form of a theological ploy , as in god in three persons , the father , the son and the holy spirit , but this time it 's about being different and the same simultaneously ? 
  moreover , i was having this conversation with you in reference to the picture here , suggesting to me we 're talking about the present situation of catholicism in poland . 
  i absolutely agree with you when you say religious people transgressed against their fellow human beings in the past , and that they are not entirely unlikely to do so in the future , but for the moment i was focused on this specific photo as a symbol of the norm of behaviour for catholics in present-day poland versus present-day jihadists around the world . 
  so , one more time : the same or different ? 
  edit : naturally , i lost some people along the way . 
  because when i was arguing with you , it was like i was actually arguing with the other two guys at the same time as well , because basically you 're the same , i guess . 
  i 'm sorry , there seems to be something wrong with me . 
  i still see a difference between the intention to express disagreement and the intention to kill the unbelievers , those two are still not synonymous to me . 
  is hate not a spectrum ? 
  have you never used the statement `` i hate ___ '' ? 
  should we prosecute people for saying , for instance , `` i hate ( insert name of politician ) '' , because since some people kill for hate , we must assume that every statement of hate is equally evil in the same way and someone saying `` i hate ( insert name of politician ) '' is their form of revealing intention which courts can later also interpret as admission of guilt ? 
  to a picture of a house with visible flags of the eu described as being in cardiff in the uk you replied `` yet voted to leave '' , leading me to understand you made a general statement about the whole country in reference to a specific house , in what i understood to be an implication of possible hypocrisy . 
  how would it be congruous for anyone to display an eu flag if the whole nation voted to leave the eu ? 
  my point was - would n't that be a bit of a sweeping generalisation and a fallacious use of a synecdoche ? 
  do you see catholics ( acting for , what would be misguidedly labelled , religious reasons and specifically citing those reasons ) commit violent crimes against people who do not follow the strictures of their religion ( or maybe against people who do , but not rigorously enough ) and random other indiscriminate people who happened to be around , like could happen during a mass shooting , or a bomb explosion ? 
  define what does it means according to you that `` conditions [ would be ] right '' . 
  what would have to be different ? 
  what would have to be other than it is now ? 
  so is there a difference or not ? 
  you say it 's the same , but i do n't see a compelling argument from you to say it really is and i really , really ca n't convince myself to see picketing something to be easily interchangeable with blowing people up with bombs . 
  but like i said , i 'm a sucker for trying to understand , so let me try ( correct me at your leisure ) : `` a group of religious fanatics ________ today in front of a venue for an upcoming death metal concert '' a ) `` a group of religious fanatics picketed today in front of a venue for an upcoming death metal concert '' b ) `` a group of religious fanatics detonated a bomb today in front of a venue for an upcoming death metal concert '' and you 'd have me believe that those two statements elicit exactly the same reaction from you ? 
  i 'm missing something , surely , so do help me out here . 
  that specific house-owner did , surely , right ? 
  because the action of one person in a nation is the action of the whole nation , and the action of the whole nation is the action of every person in it . 
  correct ? 
  i was hoping you 'd say that , but i would still appreciate it very much if - in a large public forum , as opposed to a private group of close friends , or a not-large community of relatively like-minded people - we 'd try to keep the distinction clear . 
  for sanitary reasons , if you will . 
  fair enough , one question though - compensation for what ? 
  has there been a contract or not ? 
  signed ? 
  i thought they broke off negotiations , and while negotiations are going on , no contract is formed , correct me if i err ? 
  i 'm not sure we 'll see eye to eye , but i 'm a hopeless sucker for trying to communicate and reach understanding with all sorts of people , so here goes . 
  on a scale of 1 to 10 , how invasive are the methods chosen by fanatic catholics ( as represented in the picture above ) to show their disapproval towards something they find offensive ( like a concert of death metal ) ? 
  on the same scale , how invasive are the methods chosen by jihadists , as represented by this [ picture ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/78/590x/secondary/bataclan-390664.jpg ) ( nsfl ) ? 
  it would have been desirable to post a yt link , those types of videos tend to be complemented by pleasant music choices . 
  i 'm hoping to do both , eventually . 
  it 's just that i have to prioritise and those two are next up as potential targets . 
  i 'm kind of split between hamburg and muenchen on my to-see list for germany . 
  thoughts ? 
  you say that , but can you really be trusted ??? 
  on that note , why does the roundel for poland ( well , not precisely a roundel ) turn upside down ? 
  you say polandball , i say upturned flags/symbols are the anti-thesis of said flag/symbol . 
  many years ago , on a student exchange , i found it impossible to talk with my host . 
  he simply would n't take up any topic i threw at him . 
  on the other hand , a few years later , i was approached randomly by an older gentleman in the maritime museum in karlskrona and he just would n't go away . 
  but then he started telling stories of how he infiltrated a soviet military installation once because he was wearing geox shoes and the soviet sentries thought him someone important because of that . 
  so maybe he was just crazy , i guess . 
  because it 's unwise to ignore the word of god . 
  well , since islam lives in the 15th century ( the current islamic year being 1438 ) , this does n't apply . 
  throwing around words ? 
  plan approved . 
  proceed . 
  i take it you welcome your new polish overlords with joy in your heart . 
  most excellent . 
  # #robertmusisz 2020 , yep , i said - not without a smidgen of sarcasm - it the day the results from the 1st round of presidential elections became known last year . 
  a potential security liability to be using an app which makes use of your camera during a meeting on national security ? 
  because i am aghast at the sight of a rolling snowball of what i believe is incomplete understanding of the situation , which undermines my faith in the nature of man and our ability to comprehend the world around us . 
  you read me like an open book . 
  absolutely !, 
  someone should organise pre-emptive surgical strikes against that evil empire right away !, 
  and against all the evil people who support the wrong side of history as well !, 
  the sooner we can all say [ * l\u2019ordre r\u00e8gne \u00e0 varsovie * ] ( https://pl.wikiquote.org/wiki/warszawa#/media/file:rops_varsovie.jpeg ) again , the better !, 
  ( p.s. 
  i am a trifle tired of pointing out this nuance , so i guess i wo n't and i 'll take all the downvotes you can give me , but you have to promise me this - find out , from a variety of sources if you can , what the stance of the government is , who proposed the anti-abortion bill and who and why voted against the liberalisation project , and what was agreed regarding abortion in poland in 1993 and then what happened regarding that agreement in 1996/1997 ; if it 's too much to ask for , then maybe at least you can take a moment and mourn with me for how much of our ability to perceive nuance we lose in a hashtagified world of one-liners and black-and-white targeted messages and , additionally , mourn my own stupidity at trusting there can ever be communion and understanding between people ), 
  how rude . 
  i implore you to learn some manners and discuss things like a civilised person . 
  it tends to make mutual understanding that much easier , and if that 's not achievable , then at least it guarantees mutual respect . 
  i wish you luck in finding it in yourself to become a better person this way . 
  ad rem : i do not sympathise with the project offering the restrict abortion further , nor did i sympathise with the one that had offered to liberalise it . 
  my attention here is focused on the fact that , i believe , it has not been made sufficiently clear that the bill was submitted by citizens exercising their collective legislative initiative and - whether acknowledged or not - the protests can be , therefore , viewed as opposed to the democratic process in poland ; which i found somewhat amusing and a trifle disconcerting , given how concerned with the well-being of polish democracy the rest of the eu and some other parts of the world have become since this current government was elected . 
  as for the contents of the proposed bill , then i 'll have to say that they appear to be very orthodox and - to put it bluntly - an unwelcome disruption of the currently established compromise . 
  that 's why the bill , after being submitted , is discussed in parliament . 
  now i understand the concerns regarding whether the parliament will actually moderate the drastic proposals , given the current parliamentary make-up and i have to say i share them and that they 've increased recently , but generally speaking i do not welcome lobbying - which the protests are a form of . 
  i understand that people may be worried that to protest afterwards would be to protest too late and that 's why the pre-emptive protests , but i can not condone the atmosphere of the discourse . 
  abortion is a very sensitive and nuanced topic , i believe and it 's all but impossible to reconcile the two juxtaposed stances . 
  what worries me here , therefore , is - like suggested above - the unwelcome aggravating of the debate . 
  a topic this delicate should not - must not - be discussed when emotions are so heated . 
  so please , do not tell me to go fuck myself .
