  you may have missed his point as he was upset when he should have been cool and firm , yet demanding . 
  here , let me help you - his point was that if the eu recognises maltese as an official language , then they should damned well provide for it to be freely used in an official debate . 
  i 'd totes get what you just said if maltese were not an official language of the eu , i 'd totes say the guy was just stirring shit for the heck of it . 
  exactly . 
  had to check the bags to make sure no one hid in them to cushion the fall . 
  oh , that was rather grim , was n't it . 
  sorry , simply thinking about russians brings out the cynic in me - no hate , simply what i 've grown accustomed to after years of trying to reason with them , both in person and on the internet . 
  put it this way : name examples of modern russian culture ( say 20th century and on ) that were not authored by dissidents who had to leave the country , or who were otherwise repressed . 
  bulgakov comes to my mind ( even though he was a kievian by birth , albeit at a time where it did n't matter - to the extent of my knowledge ) , who else ? 
  not a snide comment , a genuine question . 
  yes , and i 'm saying it 's one and the same - it 's not preventing a bombing in the sense of intelligence work allowing for the catching of would-be assailants prior to the act , but more in a `` soldiers at the checkpoint shot the assailant before he drove his car bomb into the target building '' sense ? 
  how do you know the arms were without ammunition ? 
  the perpetrator 's blood was in the car ? 
  was he hurt while shooting the tourists ? 
  how do we know it 's his blood - and why would there be `` no need for dna analysis at this point '' ??? 
  i 'd think dna analysis would be exactly what would be needed right now , to prove it was his blood in the car , or do i fail at forensics ( which , i hope you 'll agree , would be somewhat understandable , given that i have never had any education , nor experience , in the field , but i beg forgiveness in any case ) ? 
  i 'm not sure if it 's my european sensibilities to blame , but are you saying putting military around synagogues and jewish schools is because the military are meant to `` look good and tough '' around these places and you see it as a distinct role from law enforcement ( here : prevention of crime ) ? 
  cheers for that !, 
  [ edit : oh , and what puzzles me about that article , from 12th february 2015 , is the penultimate sentence quoting varoufakis 's words : '' ( ... ) at some point , someone has to say no '' . 
  it 's like he knew . ], 
  he managed the steam market - as in the valve steam market ( guessing based on a different comment that said something about tf2 ) ? 
  saint victoria was the shining bacon who was the only reason this site ever existed in the first place . 
  read the gospel of saint victoria and sin no more . 
  your blasphemous words of indifference towards saint victoria who was the powerhouse through whose digital fingers all the reddit traffic ran have been noted and you are scheduled for re-education . 
  just read the gospel of saint victoria and let her light shine on you . 
  yes , it was off-pissing , because here i was denied access to one source of information over saint victoria who was absolutely indispensable and who alone made reddit work with lasers from her eyes [ gospel of saint victoria , 420:1337 ] . 
  to make the point to whom ? 
  to the users ? 
  oh , the point 's been made . 
  to the media ? 
  ( in case you 'll want to know about the eggs part - it 's an idiom , which means `` they 're taking the piss '' and does n't translate well ), 
  thank you for your answer . 
  can you please tell me more about polish-perpetrated massacres and hunts of germans , especially those before the second world war ? 
  i would very much like to find out more . 
  cheers !, 
  they also hate poles , because we 're usa 's , pardon my french , negro in europe . 
  those filthy filthy poles who forced those poor poor germans to start wwii and then forced those poor poor soviets to strong-arm the peace negotiations into reshaping the borders into what they are ... phooey !, 
  i wish they were all dead !, 
  whew , thank goodness poland is [ not a eastern european country ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) do n't like having my face slapped . 
  thanks for the link , though , interesting read and i 'm glad there are such perspectives . 
  what debts , pray tell . 
  lithuania is nordic-ish ? 
  that 's a new one for me . 
  i always thought they were balts . 
  guess i was wrong . 
  well , in some way that 's good then ; at least western europeans and americans wo n't be going on about `` oi , you silly polish sod , knock it off , rooskies are good laddies ! '', 
  when their bullshit is pointed out . 
  welcome to the mindset of an indoctrinated russian . 
  that was my understanding , yes . 
  thank you . 
  no , it 's `` latvia is a country '' . 
  ( literally `` broken pots '' / `` smashed up pots '' , it 's what kids shout when the game they were playing , like hide and seek , is off ), 
  zealously over-triggering left , right and centre . 
  you 're also new around here , are n't you ? 
  they were really only trying to help . 
  really . 
  like , really really . 
  do n't kill the messenger , am i right ? 
  absolutely . 
  i have never met with anything but respect , admiration and understanding from russians . 
  it 's quite tragic , actually . 
  the world is such an ungrateful place in the face of russia 's infinite good will . 
  in a way , the russian state is like an anti-mephistopheles : they 're part of a force that always wants to do good , but - tragically - produces evil . 
  the meme is strong in this one ( poland , ukraine ) . 
  younger people use the internet , older do n't as much ? 
  perhaps that is one answer . 
  also - and we 're supposed to be the grudge-lords , look at who else still remembers the bar confederation . 
  nah , do n't think so . 
  we 'd use `` komuch '' for `` commie '' . 
  the biggest question is - what after putin ? 
  what will putin do at the end of his term now ( iirc he 's not supposed to run again and he wo n't even do the pm-president charade , is what he said , i think , do correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  what happens to russia after putin ? 
  does he have a good , reliable heir ? 
  i remember joking about pretending to be albanian tourists ( and thus unable to communicate ) if caught by ticket inspectors on the train back in mid-90s , so . 
  there 's a better one : `` dlaczego w uk ... '' autoprompted to `` nie ma komar\u00f3w '' ( why are there no mosquitos in the uk ? ), 
  hey , that 's our line !, 
  ( or ukraine , recently , which i dare say is more relevant in this context ), 
  found the oppressed heterosexual conservative russian minority . 
  no , but seriously , how did you know how i look ? 
  * rouble . 
  [ left : they say i 'm a fascist ; right : calling me communist ] ( https://youtu.be/zjpd0ngrnv0?t=2m46s ) do n't fail to use this opportunity to inform as many people as possible in australia about the political dimension of the present government , r/australia is [ that way ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/australia ) . 
  no , i am not trolling . 
  i am sorry if you count difference of opinion , or an invitation to clarification as trolling . 
  yes , i understand the social aspects ( albeit your example did raise my eyebrow , because generalisations - why not ! ), 
  and the difference in legal definitions and i stated as much in my previous post - and i stand by my claim that there is a discrepancy that goes beyond just legal systems and the social aspects do n't account for that big of a difference ( after all - those rapist priests would be pretty much the same , be it poland or france , would n't they ? 
  i see . 
  can you show me the light of knowledge and understanding ? 
  will i get to see the famous horse-chair in action ? 
  that 's your inner catherina speaking . 
  poniatowski never truly loved you , let it go , catherina !, 
  if you 're talking about the tendency instead of absolute numbers , then yes , partly , naturally . 
  5 rapes a day in a country of ca . 
  36 million . 
  have you compared rates per capita ? 
  [ using this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics#rape_statistics_by_country ) , for instance , and taking the 2009 numbers ( last available for france in that table ) , you get 16.2 for france ( 17 for uk ) and 4 for poland , per 100 k population . 
  even accounting for different legal systems and perhaps a different social climate towards rape victims ( albeit knowing polish women i doubt they 'd be letting rapists get off scot free without reporting it to a much higher degree than in france , for instance ; do n't quote me on that , though ) , i would be baffled if it meant that there 's so much under-reporting going on in poland . 
  ergo , i am inclined to take the numbers at face value and the discrepancy is quite evident . 
  would you say that level of unwanted attention was caused by her being such an exotic beauty ( do black girls typically create such irresistible urges in turkish men ? 
  ) , or is it par for the course for any girl obviously not turkish ? 
  careful there with your germanophobia .
