  well , there 's the putinbot thing , so maybe something on that basis . 
  trollbot ? 
  thank you for sharing this magnificent piece . 
  yes , i am saying that it has been suggested , on / r/polska among other places , that the scenario you described in your first paragraph is what took place . 
  good point , there was also brunon . 
   innumerable benefits of diversity i am all ears and eager to find out some of the innumerable benefits of diversity . 
  the implication is that it was a false flag operation , just as with the nail bomb in wroc\u0142aw . 
  it does look rather out of the ordinary that not just one but two such incidents should happen at all , never mind in such a short time frame . 
  what the truth is remains to be seen , but i 'm sure creative people can come up with several explanations , apart from either a false flag or a spontaneous and just rebellion of the oppressed people against the tyranny that the pis government is ; something about the coming events of summer , something about spy scuffles and overt signals , something else as well , surely . 
  yeah , i was writing in jest . 
  all evils abroad look big when you look at them through a media lens . 
  i 'd heard and seen numbers suggesting that something 's rotten in the land of franks when it comes to striking and working , but had no idea it was civil-war-level bad . 
  true enough . 
  more populous than the nordic countries . 
  dilutes the number of bands per capita . 
  hellas , ` nuff said . 
  generally speaking that would be a good argument , were it not for the fact that the prosecutor general 's responsibilities were given over to the minister of justice , making them one and the same person , who - naturally - is part of the government . 
  three cheers for the night of postal votes !, 
  the world 's first next-gen moral superiority fighter . 
  aside from that , it was a pretty good car ad for a fighter jet presentation , i thought . 
  it is the only humane way in which true democracies can flourish . 
  nah , it 's okay , i should be able to get the gist of it with my german . 
  careful with those sweeping generalisations , i got hit up here on the coast of baltic with that . 
  pray tell ? 
  welcome to the club . 
  since we 've got hungary and us already here , i take it we 're ready to move on to phase two and reactivate k&k 's state ? 
  is it already time for some good old drunken car accident after a gay bay tryst gone wrong ( make sure he drives alone ) ? 
  the ex-madrid would have to become part of russia . 
  it is only just . 
  yes . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
   93 and marseilles what does `` 93 '' mean here ? 
  out of curiosity , which culture do you feel part of , since you 've used `` they '' for the west ? 
  really ? 
  i guess by virtue of living in tr\u00f3jmiasto i 've heard whispers of this taking place . 
  yeah , it 's a shame . 
  boy , are the papers drunk on those photos . 
  it 's like a nice face is an even better marketing ploy than a dead child face-down in the sand . 
  sorry , chum , that ship 's already sailed , and the jurors sank it harder than that iceberg did the titanic . 
  that 's rather niche , would n't you say ? 
  do n't go all der blutharsch on me now !, 
  well , frankly , it 's not like russia has not made at least some effort to deserve that fuck you . 
  if you 're a big thug , you can go and spit in people 's soup , but do n't expect them to thank you for that and do n't be particularly amazed that they may actually tell you to fuck off . 
  by the by , are n't songs voted in at the national level by the public ? 
  so your saying the song was not chosen by coincidence is apt , i guess . 
  lastly - onion rings ? 
  is that some reference ? 
  i 'm considering options . 
  personally , i 'm not interested in the song contest and i 'm always genuinely amazed how people genuinely get excited about it . 
  then there was this ukrainian song , which was not my cup of tea ( but that 's not saying much , because i really ca n't remember any contest song that made a noticeable impression on me - when i happen across them , or my wife points out this or that to me ) . 
  i am also surprised to have found out about that non-political rule ( like i said , i do n't pay much attention to it , so small wonder ) for the contest and ca n't get my head around how this song was vetted through . 
  all in all , however , this whole thing resulted in a mild shrug from me , as in my opinion the result was political , and perhaps a ( pathetic and laughable ) projection of that ( in ) famous eu 's soft power , but such is life . 
  i carry on , unperturbed . 
  what piqued my interest though , was your comment , which gave me pause and food for thought . 
  so allow me to ask - do you believe events such as the hiroshima bombing , the volyn massacres or perhaps this crimean example should never be sung about ? 
  is it that the esc is a poor forum for a poor medium to talk about real issues ? 
  what remains for the defeated then ? 
  why should they go gently into that night ? 
  or , on the other hand - how can you be sure this was cynical ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken the singer said it was a personal thing for her - do we deny her her emotions and the right to express them because someone can construe it as a `` fuck you '' to russia ? 
  what if she was seeking to break away from the cheesy formula of the event and bring some real emotions back to music - since that is what music ought to be about ? 
  you go girl !, 
  where song ? 
  i , too , feel sorry for you victory . 
  a smidgen of the cynical in you , do i sense ? 
  giving up 90 % of profit sounds pretty fair for not being killed , no ? 
  they mad hurt-butt over that song . 
  then it 's a pretty poor political cartoon , is it not ? 
  tmi . 
  shifting the pole , so to speak , are we ? 
  is that what you say when you look at those big , long topol missiles of some considerable girth ? 
  so i 've heard . 
  i just found it amusing against the backdrop of other types of jokes that this came up . 
  see , thieving is not nasty , just crude , guardian says so . 
  imma just go and [ zajumam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jkjgckoxiy ) something from germany right now , in fact . 
  so you 're saying the head of warsaw police is not in his right mind , gotcha . 
  is there some oversight mechanism we can use to have him removed and hospitalised ? 
  alternatively : who is head of city hall , i.e. 
  president of warsaw ? 
  oh , hanna gronkiewicz-waltz , one of key people in po ( i.e. 
  the party ousted from power in the recent elections ) . 
  you say to-mah-to , i say to-may-to . 
  alternative for the pig onomatopoeia is `` kwik kwik '' ( pronounced `` kvik kvik '' ) , i 'd say . 
  fine , fine , fair enough . 
  how does `` they had them got rid of '' sound ? 
  logically speaking it appears you are closer to the mark . 
  i am highly dubious that they 'd be calling it a '' \u0441\u044f\u043c\u044f '' east of bia\u0142ystok , within polish borders . 
  then again , i 've not visited gr\u00f3dek or thereabouts and i do n't know anyone there . 
  would you have preferred to have them cropped out of the image to conform with the title , or would that have incensed you more ? 
  right , my bad . 
  ~ ~ the article mentions he 's from uzbekistan , but i do n't see any mention whether the article was updated from the time it was first posted . ~ ~, 
  i apologise , looking at the sentence again , you did seem to mean poland . 
  does poland moan about the soviets to germans ? 
  how does it manifest itself , i would be happy to learn ( i fear my perspective may not afford me a sufficient deal of clarity ) ? 
  furthermore , saying that `` the only thing poland does is exchange its moaning for german funds , roughly speaking '' is speaking very roughly indeed . 
  and it was me who was supposed to be dramatic ? 
  i do n't even begin to ascend to the level of drama exhibited above , me thinks , sirrah . 
  as for `` feeding '' , i remain unconvinced . 
  neither was poland starving * en masse * prior to eu accession , nor were the sums that it benefited from sufficient to `` feed '' anyone effectively for a year . 
  consider : poland is a relatively populous european country , the largest from the eu newcomers , with some 38 mln people - making it the 5th biggest country in the eu , were we to exclude the uk , which is now removing itself from the equation .
