  that 's an interesting source , this english sitey . 
  just to make it super clear - you 're accusing me of manipulation through omission and therefore the kek , which is aimed at me , correct ? 
  i 'm sorry you took it that way , it really was not my intention , but i understand that there is no middle-ground here ; there can be only barren no man 's land in the middle , as both sides entrench with emotions riding high and no compromise in sight . 
  oh , but for a versailles !, 
  what you wrote is also true , although i do n't see how your `` top kek '' jab was warranted ? 
  have i erred about the number of signatures the anti-abortion proposal managed to gather ? 
  ( i 'm sorry for failing to mention that there was a second one with a comparable number of signatures ), 
  that 's why it 's a proposed law after citizens gather the mandated 100 k minimum signatures - enabling the parliament to look at whether and how the law can be enacted , which - in theory - can further be checked by the constitutional tribunal . 
  it 's an interesting case , this . 
  i 've been thinking about this civic right of legislative initiative recently . 
  i 've long held it 's generally a good thing , but as evident in this case it can be gamed . 
  i 'm beginning to wonder whether it 's not a bit of a pitfall like [ * liberum veto * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberum_veto ) was , given the way politics are arrayed currently in poland . 
  i mean , it 's generally a good political device in my opinion , but that 's assuming there is great convergence and homogeneity of ideas and values . 
  the greater the divergence and plurality the smaller the device 's value : either gathering the required 100 k signatures becomes infeasible due to lack of support , or - like here - you get a polarising idea with enough support where a compromise appears impossible ( i mean here the two diametrically opposed civic projects ; how can you reconcile those two opposed ideas as a society ? ) . 
  and so polish disunity grows , as it 's been growing for years , which is saddening for me . 
  alternatively : people in poland , people in germany and many other places around the world are protesting against a proposed bill signed by some 450 k poles ( to be fair - hardly any of which , i can wager , actually read the bill before signing it ) in a display of their direct democratic rights . 
  so - people around the world against democracy in poland ? 
  sputnik news have their work cut out for them . 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  i believe you are confusing and conflating different things . 
  the to-date efforts to change the so-called `` abortion compromise '' were generally struck down by the parliament . 
  the proposed laws were never voted in , the debate always got stuck in a quagmire . 
  and we 're not talking about a time-frame starting in november 2015 . 
  we 're talking about a time-frame starting in 1993 , when the current abortion law was passed ( cf. 
  the 1996 attempt to include abortion for economic and personal reasons , which was , indeed , struck down as unconstitutional by the constitutional tribunal - but a rather different one ) . 
  pm me the details of remuneration and scope of work to be done . 
  i shall respond by cob tomorrow at the latest . 
  it 's the american force-field technology . 
  one of the perks of having hosted the alien delegation which visited earth in the aftermath of the roswell incident . 
  for obvious reasons they can not talk about it openly , but it comes out in such quirky situations . 
  all in all , the data is correct . 
  it is correct simply because there can not be anything wrong with the data . 
  we 're talking about the usa here , and even illiterate children in such shit-pits like timbuktu know that american integrity is a world-leading benchmark and even if the situation compelled them to falsify the data ( such as in this instance , where not falsifying it would mean revealing - through such statistical anomalies - the us government 's complicity in covert alien control over earth ) , they simply would not be able to . 
  i enjoyed the video , although the fact that it had to be made speaks volumes about human stupidity . 
  ( alternatively : nature always finds a way ), 
  check the sources for the images . 
  a whole lot of them lead to the same site . 
  just like with the `` white woman white man '' search proposed below by the author of this submission . 
  either it 's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy , or the people running the sites have some sort of a fetish . 
  does n't even have to be white . 
  any other colour , as you had already suggested initially . 
  which does n't change the fact that both of my autumn jackets are black , and no , i 'm not going to fork out for a more lively colour . 
  nor does it change the fact that should this protest be anything but a flashpan fire of twitter or facebook tags , who knows , with the rhetoric whipped up to crazy , maybe a confused conservative jumps me on an empty street and mugs me , thinking i 'm pro-abortion . 
  i hope it 'll turn out to be as unlikely as i deem it right now , but still , could do without the annoyance . 
  sigh . 
  bit inconvenient nevertheless , do n't you think ? 
  really . 
  that is my issue with this protest . 
  precisely that . 
  i could wear black and not care , but i do n't want to be accidentally photographed in the street and possibly held up as a supporter without my consent . 
  pardon if i 'm a bit crass , but sod off . 
  pick a different colour . 
  just because i 'll be wearing black - which , let 's face it , is a popular colour - does n't mean i support you ( or do n't , for that matter ) . 
  this is colourful appropriation at its worst . 
  no need to be combative about choice of currency to a one-time tourist visiting your country and fuelling your economy , is there ? 
  there 's a bit of a difference between lack of constant affirmation of past deeds and almost fatally attacking someone belonging to a group one should feel some gratitude towards , do n't you think ? 
  \u017burek , to be precise , if we 're talking about the polish spelling . 
  no '' \u017d '' diacritic in polish . 
   in  out  in  out hehehe hehe he, 
  subbed . 
  that 's nice , do n't think i 've heard that one in a good while . 
  there 's also `` as thick as thieves '' , so it 's a bit of the pot calling the kettle black , so to speak . 
  but now i 'm just beating about the bush , are n't i ? 
  flogging that dead horse more than it deserves . 
  stolen , as well , probably . 
  the peace of bautzen has been broken , nigh on a thousand years on . 
  checking the two in my fridge right now - italy for the little red ones , poland for the yellow ones . 
  i seem to remember elongated spanish ones as well . 
  not sure about the country , but there was definitely an elongated type that tried to look like a mini sweet-pepper . 
  je\u017cyki - little hedgehogs . 
  the real ones are the latter . 
  edited bonus : jerzyki ( pronounced the same as je\u017cyki ) - swifts, 
  q.e.d. , then . 
  money  life . 
  that is an astute observation with which i agree . 
  i do n't know if high taxes on tobacco completely offset the cost and strain on the health-care system . 
  if you have any information confirming that financially it 's a net positive , i 'd be happy to take a look . 
  but the strain is not just financial . 
  there is a finite number of doctors able to work a finite number of hours . 
  the people whose ailments are a lower treatment priority can wait only for so long before experiencing further deterioration of their health , and so on . 
  so in this sense , would smokers be still a net-positive ? 
  regarding my last paragraph - your diagnosis is , in a way , surprisingly close to the mark , i guess , albeit i 've never thought of myself as marxist ( i 'm certainly not intimately familiar with his works ) . 
  riddle me this - can an economic model based on the assumption of indefinite growth and expansion ( and creating new iterations of intentionally short-lived products ) be considered healthy in a world of finite resources ? 
  if someone of legal age wants to poison themselves , then fine , just as long as they do n't poison others , is it ? 
  i know it may be a bit of a controversial concept to someone who 's - i 'm assuming based on the flair - american , but two words : public health-care system . 
  ok , maybe three , if we 're scrupulous . 
  smokers are a drain on the system . 
  the system is a compromise between the desire to help and harsh economic realities ( where it likely gets somewhere between an adequate amount of funding and a completely inadequate amount of funding , with typical cases ending up in the underfunded-but-can-get-by-somehow territory ) , so it could well do without any additional strain on it . 
  should we allow people to poison themselves in private if it 'll negatively affect the public health-care system ? 
  at this point , the only reason i can think of to even tolerate the existence of a tobacco industry is that it 's usually a good source of income for the national budget and a source of jobs . 
  the argument goes - you ca n't kill the tobacco industry , because it would have dire economic consequences . 
  next to the voracious and , i guess , unsustainable fossil fuel dependency , planned obsolescence and hyper-consumerism among probably a plethora of other things , the tobacco industry is a symptom of the , pardon the expression , moribund economic reality we live in . 
  but killing ourselves for money is not a new idea . 
  ideally , from my point of view , we 'd have to reinvent the economic model and our relationship with the world and with other humans - but who 's ready to commit to that ? 
  what was offensive in my comment ? 
  i stated that i do n't understand french humour ( `` french humour is an alien concept to me '' ) . 
  where is the offence in that ? 
  you additionally assumed i was judging and generalising merely from this one incident ( `` one asshole spilling bullshit on tv is french humour '' ) , which is not the case . 
  does the realisation that someone somewhere does not understand french humour upset you that much ? 
  no offence meant .
