  ca n't really make up my mind if it 's repugnantly uncanny or uncannily repugnant . 
  edit : now i know - it feels reminiscent of the grotesque vulgarity of die antwoord . 
  was the kievian rus ' a past incarnation of russia ? 
  and before it was a part of russia it was a part of the commonwealth . 
  and before it was a part of the commonwealth , it was kievian rus ' . 
  and before it was kievian rus ' , it was khazar land . 
  off the top of my head i would n't be able to say what it was before * that * . 
  i may have been imprecise , anyone is free to rectify any factual errors or manipulative omissions . 
   in 1989 a mig crashed on a belgian house . 
  ultra-bizzare . 
  i suppose it goes to show how afraid of provoking aggression nato was if they did n't shoot it down for the whole duration it was in nato airspace , when they verified there was no pilot ( and no one was obviously responding ) ? 
  you are not . 
   even though you do n't have national boundaries anymore that seems like an over-generalisation . 
  national borders have not gone away , it 's the border checks that 've largely vanished , in the schengen zone . 
  or maybe looking from outside in , you know something i do n't looking from within . 
  they do ? 
  being lazy is so beta ; winners are not lazy . 
  are you a winner or not ? 
  you 're absolutely br\u00fctal , are n't you ? 
  a-ha-ha-ha . 
  hah-ha . 
  ha-hah . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  [ you 're not wrong . 
  ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/architektura_renesansu_w_polsce ) ( use a translator to get the gist , look at 2nd period and 3rd period ), 
  no , no , it 's you who 's upside down . 
  but are those people from high-density buildings stay in the buildings whole their lives or are they going to want to go out at some point in time ? 
  how will cities cope with such high density of people in a centralised location who 'll want to be moving about ? 
  refreshing . 
  literally , eh ? 
  the inconvenient truth , the ultimate answer to so many things about coalland . 
  strong internet presence giving them far better coverage than you 'd suspect ( remember that `` black monday '' anti-anti-abortion thing ? 
  the upvotes were through the roof on that , unusually so until it got international traction ) . 
  strong down-voting brigades making sure only the right ideas are visible in any discussion involving this group . 
  see if they do n't . 
  the only left-wing party following the total moral and political bankruptcy of sld . 
  new faces and new people not tainted by ties to the communist regime or previous involvement in unsuccessful governments ( at least no ties that 've been made public so far , as far as i am aware ) , thus some hope that they can do politics in a different way than everyone else . 
  i do n't know - why would anyone give a shit about them ? 
  those people are worth having a closer look at , to see what they 're really up to , if nothing else . 
  aight , bruvva . 
  four lions is the dope . 
  someone 's been , uhm , triggered , i see ? 
  no , it 's definitely circumference . 
  right next to longitude . 
  and rigidity . 
  eventually , viscosity comes into play as well . 
  nah , it 's cool , dawg . 
  i was about to ask whether you were natively american , on account of your sentence syntax , but your flair gave me all the answers i needed . 
  a popular movie in russia/ukraine at a certain point of time , was n't it , confirming the `` psheki '' perception ? 
  but you do n't , so - d to the e to the a to the l. wot 's that spell ? 
  according to the [ wiki article in polish ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pkp_intercity#tabor ) , on the 31st dec 2013 the average age of train engines was 31 years , with the cars averaging out at 28 years . 
  the article mentions many new purchases and modernisation initiatives , especially following 2004 ( eu accession ) . 
  i guess you can run that section of the article through a translator and get the gist of it . 
  if it 's unintelligible , just ask here - either i 'll help you out , or someone else will , i reckon . 
  same day . 
  looking at a 2nd class ticket of 58 pln ( 11.21 pounds ) for the 31st of january , right now ( 1st class price seems to be fixed ) . 
  there seems to be a limit to how far in advance you can book , though ( a month in advance or so ? 
  google says london to edinburgh is 666 km . 
  going with gdynia ( main railway station ) to krak\u00f3w ( main railway station ) gives us 606.6 km , close enough , let 's say . 
  a second class ticket on the pkp intercity website comes up as 83 pln , so just about 16 pounds . 
  first class is 108 pln , so a bit shy of 21 pounds . 
  advantageous if you 're a tourist . 
  some orthodox free marketists might say unduly subsidised . 
  well , it is what it is , in terms of price . 
  plus , the rail network underwent extensive upgrades with all the structural funds from the eu coming in . 
  i remember the first time i was in the uk . 
  we landed in stansted and wanted to go to edinburgh and we instinctively went to inquire about the train . 
  five minutes later , with my hairs raised after hearing the price , we got on a coach ( which , for our pockets , was n't that cheap either ) . 
  the end . 
  what are you alluding to exactly when referring to enlisted soldiers killing people abroad to satisfy consumer someone 's needs ? 
  rampant eco-terrorism continues !, 
  the spirit of '68 lives on !, 
  ah , who am i kidding . 
  of course it 's some dumb-fuck troglodytes who can not comprehend what it means to exist in a civil and civilised society . 
  found the one with a polish complex . 
  polish syntax literally translated into english . 
  malta , you 've been got , you 've been had . 
  it 's over , malta , the eu presidency gotya . 
  they 're getting secret funding from government sources , like in that eerie `` camp of the saints '' thing . 
  got ta be ... 
  so a djinni ? 
  i believe you are mistaken in your diagnosis of no one in this sub giving a shit about ukrainians dying in a semi-frozen conflict with involvement of russian military . 
  i , for one , remember about that . 
  i wish you strength and i hope for the frozen conflict to melt away to nothingness and things to go back to as normal as possible following everything that happened , if that 's what you 're asking for . 
  sad affair . 
  i wish for solace for the dead and for those that 'll live on . 
  `` muslim mothers !, 
  muslim fathers !, 
  do n't ever let your children even near europe !, 
  it 's for their own good !, 
  - cried the muezzin on that fateful , yet strangely unremarkable , cloudless morning as the faithful assembled for prayer . 
  once planted , the thought quickly took root in their minds and so it was decided that europe was to be shunned as haram , condemning the kaffirs to slow extinction ; many years would have to pass before the land would be fit for the children of the prophet , but fit they would be , and settle them the prophet 's children would , so it has been decreed . '', 
  it 's from a sci-fi novella i 'm working on . 
  what do you think ? 
  and so it was that the swiss secret plan for world domination through amoeba-like annexations was foiled when people realised all they had to do to stop it was to not get rich when neighbouring switzerland !, 
  au revoir , durniu , to you too , since you 're a fan of generalisations , apparently . 
  did you forget to re-log , or are you privy to / u/trax1 's experiences ? 
  who orchestrated this ? 
  what was orchestrated ? 
  instructions unclear , bipolar disorder ensuing .
