  i was wondering why i could n't put my finger on that flag , thanks . 
  she 'll feel a slight sting , i reckon . 
  articulately argued , sir . 
  truly expounded on the intricacies of your argument , chapeau bas . 
  drug market exists because a part of the general populace exhibits a demand . 
  i wager there 'd be a smaller potential illegal black market with a smaller circle of customers , making it easier to track , i suppose . 
  verified as true . 
  i am hoping , but as i 've indicated ( `` i do n't think there 's any real alternative ready yet '' ) , i 'm afraid that it may not come to pass . 
  harsh , like siberian winter . 
  come what may , or perhaps must , we 're nearly halfway through the storm , which two years ago i had hoped we 'd weather with much more ease . 
  either way , the election ca n't come soon enough , although i do n't think there 's any real alternative ready yet . 
  i wonder how many decades it will take to heal the divides in the society , and whether it 'll actually be possible . 
  [ if you want to get anything across in this sub , you have to explain until you go blue in the mouth ] ( https://youtu.be/npjoslcr2he?t=2m4s ), 
  yes , i said it 's a joke . 
  mock-rivalry , if you will . 
  that 's why i mentioned denmark vs sweden/norway and finland vs holland . 
  it 's not serious . 
  i do n't see it as serious . 
  it 's not real . 
  it 's faux-fight . 
  it 's a prank , bro . 
  a flight of fancy . 
  it is truth no more !, 
  yes , as posted by a guy with a czech flair . 
  think denmark vs sweden/norway rivalry . 
  or finland vs holland . 
  that kind of joke , i guess . 
  speaking of toilets , i wonder how 're things at that turkish university where they introduced unisex toilets . 
  ( there was a post a here maybe two-three months ago ? ), 
  hmm ? 
  to clarify and contextualise the above statement , which - inexplicably to me - seems to have drawn someone 's ire , here in poland it 's common to call such people who engage in shilling or astro-turfing with the term `` troll '' ; i believe it is the case in russia and ukraine , as well . 
  hence my comment about it being a cultural thing . 
  happy to help . 
  sigh . 
  what about the other great robert ? 
  what about lewy ? 
  i suppose it 's a cultural thing . 
  some say `` shill '' , some say `` troll '' ; the intent is the same . 
  speaking of which , i had n't paid much attention to their map there for a while , but since when they 've been including south ossetia , abkhazia and transnistria ( and crimea , albeit that 's , from their point of view , officially russia ) on their map , with , i guess , the implication that it 's rasha ? 
  in heaven , everything is fine , you 've got your z 's , we 've got ours . 
  ( [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umyzybegre8 ) \\ ), 
  imma cool cat , so more about plain ole curiosity . 
  but that too . 
  `` he discovered their dirty secret !, 
  poles hate him ! '', 
  ( by the way , to be frank , that news-front website is , well , rather questionable ), 
  i appreciate you taking the time to present this . 
  your second link only talks of investigating links after le pen 's and afd 's funding came into question . 
  poland is only mentioned in the context of starting an investigation into any possible similar ties . 
  your third link refers to a marginalised fringe party that has no representation in the parliament and is not likely to ever enter it , since the polish counter-intelligence pinpointed it as being run by russians . 
  so essentially they 're a non-entity , which means that your suggestion from the initial post ( that there is russian money behind the polish government ) appears to me , in this context , to be unfounded . 
  it is only macierewicz 's questionable connections that may be backed by russian money , even though overtly he 's been lining us defence companies pockets ( who knows about his kick-backs , though ) . 
  nope , i 'm a natural . 
  it 's an impenetrable [ mystery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_ukraine ) . 
  i too can make an exaggerated comment that intentionally ignores certain aspects of reality . 
  `` the nerve of this hoi-polloi , the police should be issued gatling guns and given a carte blanche on their use , with an earmarked annual ammunition budget of around 50 mio francs ! '', 
  cheers . 
  sigh . 
  elaborate , please . 
  ( it 's the first part that piqued my curiosity , so you may focus on that in your elaboration ), 
  i supposed so , but still allowed myself a pinch of levity , nevertheless . 
  here 's hoping that we will never see a neo-nazi skin head as the djibouti president !, 
  or the swaziland !, 
  looks like lavrov . 
  i suppose he meant splashing someone 's face with acid . 
  just a wild guess . 
  until it is n't . 
  i 'm curious - what does the italian version say ? 
  ( looking at it , i 'm guessing something like `` you 'll be back home soon '' ? ), 
  dinner plans have changed . 
  got ta have some placki ziemniaczane now . 
   if polish objections to the red army crossing its territory could first be overcome well , what guarantee was there the soviets would leave afterwards ? 
   farsi , arabic , polish should n't they all be capitalised the same way ? 
  is one unlike the others ? 
  how so ? 
  you say that like you 've never heard a drunk irish guy try and explain to you , in that recondite accent of his , the purpose of life . 
  you wrote , to my understanding , about russia initially ( `` russia are the long ignored heroes of wwii '' ) and my comment was about russia ( i.e. 
  the ussr ) , not the individual people . 
  in 1880 the writer boles\u0142aw prus wrote a short story , `` powracaj\u0105ca fala '' ( returning wave ) . 
  in general , the story was about the downward spiral of negative consequences of our earlier mistakes , and the title referred to an image of a wave on a lake : when a stone is dropped into the lake , waves move away from the place where the stone fell in concentrically , only to return , eventually . 
  for someone who likes to throw verbal stones at others , i hope you mend your ways before you have the misfortune to experience a returning wave . 
  while the term `` heroes '' is disputable , the magnitude of the ussr 's involvement in and contribution to the war is n't . 
  literally yes , but the meaning is closer to `` fuck that '' . 
  did you know that english question `` who is tim ? '', 
  sounds like `` chuj z tym '' in polish , which is sorta slangy for `` fuck that '' . 
  imagine that . 
  mind = blown , amirite ? 
  i 'm assuming this is some play on some of the comments made in the animal bridges thread , which i did n't read ? 
  is there any parity between the two ? 
  have recent protests in russia all resulted in massive riots with significant losses due to vandalism , burned cars , etc. 
  and how would a new partitioning benefit poland as opposed to a new sovereign election ? 
  and you 're saying this as a citizen of ... ? 
  s a l t a l t, 
  ah , hell , why not . 
  `` so you see , it used to be like * this * when it was erect , but after this new therapy , i can make it go like ** this ** '', 
  quelle ? 
  not sure ? 
  i do love me a bit of faux naivety myself , i do admit . 
  hmm , maybe i suppose someone argued that it would be awkward to purchase from a potential enemy ? 
  because we 're not buying those missiles to feel safe from the germans , or the czechs .
