  were we to divide the 2014 eu benefits value you 've provided and used per capita , i come to a figure in the region of 452 euros per year per capita ( 17,436.1 mln eur / 38.53 mln people as per a 2013 world bank estimate acquired from a search engine ; i 'd appreciate it were you to check my maths , just to be on the safe side ) . 
  ( also , using a nominal gdp 2016 estimate value of $ 508.857 billion , which google translates into 480,711,361,133.07 euro , i figure that the 2014 benefits constituted something in the area of 3.6 % of the national economy - do check me on my maths again , which is huge , but i stand by the view that it would be an exaggeration to say it was `` feeding '' ) 452 euro per head per year ( 1908 pln using current values ; coincidentally , that 's almost exactly the current minimum wage , but per month , not per year ) . 
  if that 's `` feeding '' , then - pardon the indiscretion - i have to ask where you are from . 
  lastly , you seem to be taking an issue with this whole structural funds thing . 
  you are correct in stating that the disparity between contributions and benefits is approximately four times in favour of the latter - i mean , that appears to me the whole idea of structural funds : to quickly help a region develop . 
  am i missing something , from your point of view ? 
  feeding appears to me to be an exaggeration , but then again i have had no expectations of a civil discourse with you , so i shall ignore it ( unless you have a handy way to compellingly document how poland was `` fed '' , i.e. 
  avoided starvation only thanks to the structural funds - who knows , it might make me appreciate the eu even more ) . 
  i am afraid i miss your point about germans moaning about soviets . 
  do i understand you correctly - you are implying that germans moan about soviets because of - and only because of - the eu having agreed to support new eu members with agreed amounts ? 
  well , i believe money that 's been agreed to be given has not been stolen , so it 's fair , it 's the principle behind the mechanism after-all . 
  although i assume you are hoping to stir resentment from eu net contributors against eu net beneficiaries , but even then there are many arguments to be made that it 's a reciprocal relationship , in that the net contributors benefit from access to the markets and manpower brought in by eu newcomers . 
  either way , i am sorry , i am really bad at this - could you clarify what your point with moaning germans was ? 
  yes , poland has undeniably been a great beneficiary , in terms of the amounts and in terms of how they 've helped our development , of these subsidies . 
  and you are right , there are great many people happy about this , but - naturally - there are also people who bad-mouth the whole idea , for a variety of reasons , real or imagined ( which is both mystifying and curious to me ) . 
  are you aware of the existence and purpose of the [ eu structural and investment funds ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/funding-tenders/european-structural-and-investment-funds_en ) ? 
  would you say it 's unwarranted for the eu to try and develop under-developed regions ( several of which regions , as might be pointed out and argued , are under-developed precisely because of friendly people from the kremlin ) by funnelling money into them , in a modern marshal plan of sorts , if i may take the liberty of calling it that ? 
  i , for one , would like to be elucidated in this matter , if you would be so kind . 
  a co to jada , \u017ce tak gada ? 
  of the krakow cracow krak\u00f3w variety ? 
  or the krakau krakow one ? 
  good , good ... something something something the dark side ... something something something complete . 
  no , i would n't say it 's that obvious , and back in ' 98 / '99 this was not discussed in history books . 
  it 's a fringe discussion at best as far as polish sources are concerned ( a search engine query in polish will yield you links to anarchist websites , , korwin-mikke 's sites , some random rantings on communist and marxist forums ) . 
  however , as you appear to know something on the subject , could you qualify what you mean by `` direct support '' ? 
  i find it unfortunate that you 're being negated for stating what appear to be ( unfortunate ) [ facts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_intelligence_agency#poland_1980.e2.80.9389 ) , but i agree with you on the role of powerful support in the impact protests can have . 
  it is known . 
  edit : now that i have more time , allow me to elaborate on the point . 
  organising groups of people is easier than meddling in an election in a major world power country , albeit we 'd need to characterise what we understand by the most technologically advanced state in the world , as that point is [ not all that evident ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/the-uk-is-the-fourth-most-technologically-advanced-country-in-the-world-a6757196.html ) to me . 
  however , we would also need to specify how the elections were meddled with - on the one hand , there was the whole hacking scandal , which requires talented hackers , and from what i hear russia 's rank up there somewhere at the top . 
  then , there is the dissemination of false stories intended to sway the uninquisitive public , where the modern infrastructure of social networks really means you can get a whole lotta bang for your rouble , as people post and repost , tweet and re-tweet , frequently failing to verify the information . 
  so , yeah , there is that , i guess . 
  no man is immune to saturday night heart attacks . 
  there 's one thing i found mildly amusing about the coverage of these events . 
  russia accused of meddling in american elections - / r/russia ridicules the view claiming absurd russian intelligence services omnipresence . 
  protests happen in russia - / r/russia claims it 's all just cia paid agents , and the scale is negligible anyway . 
  if it does n't unravel in the meantime , eventually it naturally will . 
  the debate is about how rapid that transition should be : do it too fast and it sha n't be a welcome change to many , creating backlash ; do it too slow and it might well be a meaningless gesture . 
  personally , i 'd like them to err on the side of slow , albeit it is true that in the game of change velocity is king ( as naomi klein calls it - it 's the shock doctrine ) . 
  there are two of us , at least , but judging from the map , we are slacking . 
  up the tempo , brother !, 
  up the tempo !, 
  the point is this : he claimed polish uses the word `` sowiet '' for `` council '' . 
  it is not true . 
  polish uses the word `` rada '' for `` council '' . 
  it would be extremely unnatural to use the word `` sowiet '' for a `` council '' . 
  i can confidently wager that quite a fair number of people ( if not an outright majority ) in poland even do n't know that `` sowiet '' means `` rada '' , since it 's not a word in polish , but russian . 
  what is natural and the absolute norm to use when you mean a `` council '' in polish is the word `` rada '' . 
  i am sorry if my original explanation had not made the implication sufficiently clear . 
   yes , also in polish i find that a dubious claim . 
  the word `` sowiet '' , as far as i 'm aware , only entered the vocabulary as a loan word and then primarily as an adjective to describe the soviet union - `` zwi\u0105zek sowiecki '' ( as explained [ here in polish ] ( http://sjp.pwn.pl/poradnia/haslo/sowiecki-czy-radziecki;3265.html ) , the foreign loan word was used to emphasise foreign influence ) ; there was , however , also the name - `` kraj rad '' , literally `` the country of councils '' , and after wwii the name `` zwi\u0105zek radziecki '' was promoted , to obfuscate the foreignness of influence . 
  that 's a good point - it 's a better comparison in terms of the nature and character of the events , but what i meant was the attitudes of the speakers . 
  i 'd say the attitudes and the focus you 've displayed mirrors uncannily the attitudes and foci i 'd use when discussing this with a random ukrainian on the internet and the responses you 're getting with the focus placed on the troubles and the injustice experienced by the ( northern ) irish people mirror the responses i frequently encountered in such discussions . 
  sorry to butt in , but i am compelled to observe that i found it fascinating how this exchange seems to mirror - to my eyes - polish-ukrainian exchanges about the volhynia massacres of wwii and the pacification of the '30s that lead to them . 
  i guess we can say that fighting a war ( especially one that 's not an overseas war , but closer to home ) does things to a country and how the rule of law is observed . 
  ( the 1999 bombings and the doubts about who perpetrated it , or how beslan was handled - especially the aftermath with families - come to my russophobic , i 'm sure you will agree , mind ), 
  you seem to be casting pearls before the swine . 
  gone are the days of `` i disapprove of what you say , but i 'll defend to the death your right to say it '' , i 'm afraid , replaced with `` get rekked you shitter lol '' , or even - with a simple , silent disapproval . 
  that said , what you said at the end could well be applied in reverse - those who believe try to convince others to start believing . 
  why ? 
  they 've chosen . 
  maybe they do n't care what happens after death , or they assume nothing happens and one ceases to be . 
  additionally , lack of belief does not have to go together with hedonism , so if you meant something else with your mention of hedonism , then you would have to develop the point , because i am not entirely sure of its relevance in the context of belief or lack thereof . 
  probably less than 100 % , because some kafir will be left to pay jizya . 
  i wrote in jest , but i thank you on behalf of those who did n't know what a fifth column is . 
  fifth gollum ? 
  where were numbers two through four ? 
  even [ more about catholics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maximilian_kolbe ) . 
  and if he stays it will be double . 
  no , i 'm not quite sure i acquire your drift . 
  could you spell it out for me , please ? 
  well , i suppose that due to its predominance - on a number of levels , i guess - on the continent , using a synecdoche to call the eu `` europe '' is as justified as using `` america '' when referring to the us . 
  naturally , the point could be argued - with perhaps more obstinacy than it deserves - and should you want to continue to make the distinction , you are free to do so . 
  i am very , very - and i mean very - loath to call politicians names , but i 'll make an exception for him - i hope that lummox goes away as soon as possible . 
  i am most glad of this news . 
  the common market and the clout it implies working in our favour - ca n't say no to that . 
  thank you , eu . 
  ( i 'm copyrighting the hashtag on that ), 
  as they say , hell hath no fury like a woman scorned , so europa is wroth with britannia now , and her paramours will attempt to please by showing their displeasure , i guess . 
  sad to watch , sad to see the world turn into an unintelligible show of angry gestures and outrage . 
  well , meme 'd . 
  good g-dance , gmarks . 
  the sheeple must be woken up !, 
  i dare say that they made it ** because of ** all that fuss created by pis . 
  ( ftfy ), 
   the same level of hacking i suppose the veracity of the quoted statement can be called into question , considering non-cia hacking operates on a smaller budget . 
  that appears to be the point . 
  then i apologise , you appear to be right . 
  evidently , it is clear to all that coal as a fuel has been , is - and will continue for some time to be - used only in poland . 
  malnourishment of children and dereliction of parental duties is similarly limited to poland alone , it is known . 
  i posit that your , i dare say , singular experience with poles appears to be sufficiently extensive to pass judgement , albeit i would indicate that what you have in depth of similarly scummy experiences , you lack in range of other ones . 
  summing up , we have to conclude , based on the information available to you , thus : poles are scum of the earth . 
  avoid us at all costs . 
  have a nice , pole-free , day . 
  your experience is quite limited then , and it is not a mark of a wise person to base your attitude on such a dearth of familiarity . 
  surely , you do n't think all polish people put flies in their ice-cream just to complain and get it for free , do you ? 
  some of us surely do , but not all , would you agree ? 
  how many poles ? 
  where in the us ? 
  source ?
