or the hamburg philharmonic building, 
  scotland is not part of the eu great britain is . 
  if scotland would have left they would not be part of the eu because britain would veto them . 
  c'mon get your shit together czechia, 
  the racism is saying that all mexicans are cheap labourers . 
  racism is more than saying that one race is superior than another today especially as races do n't exist . 
  the jokes like `` now germany has it 's own mexicans '', 
  no they are ostrogoths, 
  our values and constitution force us to do it . 
  youtube comments are shit . 
  probably not but that is n't the point of european values . 
  heidelberg is the oldest . 
  is that dude wearing a sealand shirt ? 
  why nothing 's better than anti albion aggressiveness . 
  we are n't uncivilised, 
  since when do we have to care about israeli banks ? 
   ftfy rdfd, 
  that song is goat tho https://youtu.be/ve1rgxpwtdk starts at 1:40, 
  i just vacationed in greece till today and the majority of hotels , restaurants et cetera do n't pay taxes . 
  they laughed when i asked what they think of the new taxes . 
  you can transform these into memorials to remind and protect from the past or put them into a museum, 
  i was talking about ethnic groups not political groups . 
  also if you loose a total war things are different . 
  that is true but a state has to care about their citizens equally and ca n't just remove a part of peoples cultural history, 
  your nationality is defined with your citizenship !, 
  what 's the difference to `` kauft nicht bei juden !, 
  japan has done this iirc, 
  popcorn tastes good, 
  greece invented box . 
  box of many culture significant . 
  i would have to switch to drachmas when i 'm vacationing there this month . 
  no one here wants that, 
  if you ignore his mother the current pretender is a german hohenzoller . 
  do n't they own rtl ? 
  where are those camps gon na be ? 
  poland ? 
  the spanish branch is n't allowed on the french throne because the treaty which ended the war of spanish succession said that they ca n't inherit the throne iirc . 
  the argentinean steakhouses in amsterdam . 
  namibia is part german . 
  german is an accepted language there . 
  the current kingdom of denmark is not the successor of another state it 's the same state which pillaged england . 
  no one in germany cares about the second reich except history buffs and neonazis . 
  i know that this is not a good comparison and that denmark should n't pay but germany should n't pay either . 
  it 's not like other colonial powers pay reparations to atrocities they did in 1903 . 
  i thought she was called queen of the scots in scotland ? 
  that makes sense . 
  it does n't look like a bad idea anymore, 
  how are you going to punish two 15 year olds who had sex ? 
   do you * seriously * think a 40-year-old should legally be allowed to have sex with a 13-year-old ? 
  there 's no way someone of that age has the emotional maturity to be able to consent to sex . 
  no i do n't think that . 
  i thought that this law means that 13 year olds can sleep with other 13 year olds etc. 
  i 'm very stupid apparently, 
   the government is going to raise it to 16 though . 
  why ? 
  that looks like a bad idea edit : i misinterpreted the law does look like a good idea, 
  elizabeth is still queen of the scots, 
  well i 'm not a mod . 
  i just warned you, 
  so you get banned, 
  when will denmark pay reparations to england for pillaging and the danegeld ? 
  how do we get our gas without russia ? 
  he wo n't find any if he remains dictator and if he does n't remain dictator the ukraine-treatment waits for him and the country enters a period of political instability and territorial disunity, 
  well do you want indonesian porcelain ? 
  yeah we should abandon human rights . 
  starting in the netherlands, 
  there was a british actor in kurdistan but he fucked up, 
  the great warlord ghandi, 
  every region in italy has an independence movement, 
  serbia confirmed kebab ? 
  serbia removing self ? 
  i guess that 's my fault :d, 
  i participated in the pisa study this year was easy, 
  does this mean that ttip is dead ? 
  sweet, 
  100 % halal.jpg, 
  are the civitas bourbonist , bonapartist or orleanists ? 
  / r/germany, 
  * they should know that we speak german on reddit.com *, 
  guns , germs and steel is the shittiest ` history ' book of all time . 
  you can pretty much ignore everything in it . 
  that 's why i said that they should pay, 
  well they are n't in czechia anymore and i do n't think there will be reparations just like there wo n't be reparations to greece but technically the czech republic should pay reparations to the affected individuals or their descendants . 
  from the creation of the eastern march of bavaria in the early middle ages until 1945 austrians were germans . 
  from 1938 to 1945 austria was part of the german state just like it was part of it from 911 to 1806 and from 1814 to 1866 . 
  austria and germany were one . 
  so austria is technically one of two successor states to nazi germany . 
  you do n't understand . 
  austria and germany are one until 1945 not only the state but the people . 
  if germany has to pay reparations austria should pay a part because they were one, 
  i know but it would be nice but it wo n't happen since being victim is the entire point of austrias existence, 
  i never said germany should pay the reparations to greece but if it does pay them austria should pay their part, 
   why should we ? 
  because germany pays or not pays them too . 
  germany and austria were one until the nazis fucked up, 
  could n't austria also pay some reparations to them if we pay ? 
  at that time they were german and wanted to be german . 
  after wwi the republic of german austria only purpose was to join germany . 
  hitler was born in austria etc. 
  they should pay a part of these reperations .
