  those things are automatic . 
  the other big part - investments in infrastructure or businesses - has been set for years in advance . 
  they have n't gotten less , and they would n't have gotten more otherwise . 
  we are still spending more ... are we supposed to spend every euro we can somehow muster on eastern germany ? 
  what kind of argument is that . 
  should we stop transfers to eastern europe too ? 
  they are n't `` our own '' after all . 
  we spend enough , and the refugee crisis has n't reduced that amount by a single euro . 
  we 've spent 2 trillion euro on the reunification , but thanks for your concern . 
  more leverage , and more potentially terrible consequences . 
  afghanistan can survive without aid from norway , but cutting the eu funding would be a terrible result for everyone involved . 
  nobody actually wants that to happen . 
  so those negotiations are a lot trickier . 
  probably because this is about several hundred thousand people . 
  afghanistan likely gives a much smaller shit about the numbers norway sends . 
  schleswig actually extends into denmark . 
  southern schleswig is part of germany . 
  so do you speak all those languages ? 
  because the german articles just seems to be reporting on the controversy , rather than `` pushing an agenda '' . 
  turks and syrians generally do n't wear burkas , i doubt the ( ethnically ) bulgarian muslims do either . 
  maybe the roma ? 
  massive issue of course , i 'm sorry . 
  man that 's really going to piss off the two women wearing burkas in bulgaria . 
  close one though , they almost ruined europe . 
  alright , that makes much more sense . 
  just went by what wikipedia told me . 
  lol @ that extra smooth switch in argument . 
  that was part of the conversation you budded into . 
  i take that avoiding answer to mean that you also ca n't see how that 's going to lead to hungarians becoming the minority . 
  thanks . 
  we have reduced welfare for asylum seekers a bit , mostly by giving them `` things '' instead of money . 
  we ca n't actually legally go much lower unless we throw out the geneva convention . 
  it 's true that some would still be willing to live/work in germany illegally , but a smaller amount without the welfare . 
  so again it would limit the pull-factor of the purely economic migrants , which is the goal . 
  it 's not so much about the people already here , but rather the ones thinking about coming . 
  it 's not about people already in germany . 
  thanks . 
  so what 's the long term demographic trend where ~ 500.000 to 1m a year eu-wide will lead to hungarians becoming the minority in their country ? 
  regardless of the system that we end up with , they 'll always be ** vastly ** underrepresented in the east , but let 's say we 'd distribute them perfectly for arguments sake : hungary has 2 % of the eu-population , so they 'd get 10.000 a year . 
  or 100.000 in a decade . 
  they have a population of 9m . 
  do that math for me . 
  it does n't work . 
  now remember that the 10.000 are a absolutely ridiculous number and we 'd likely talk about a couple hundred a year once it 's all said and done , of which a large percentage would likely leave again . 
  do you see why the outrage is out of whack to the actual real life results of it ? 
  the entire point of the asylum reform is to reduce and control it . 
  one of the biggest issues is asylum shopping , i.e. 
  people being able to choose which country they move to once they 've reached european soil , and this is an attempt to fix it . 
  meaning the goal is to make europe less attractive to economic migrants . 
  what everyone has wanted for years . 
  nobody actually expects eastern europe to host any significant amount of people , and the idea that they could turn into majority-minority states is , sorry , outlandish . 
  the yearly asylum applicants we get are in the order of 0.1 to 0.2 % of the eu-population , and already we see an effort to significantly reduce it . 
  keep your head straight . 
  but if you have to leave over that , then best of luck . 
  list some more countries that support it . 
  nobody is going to leave over a mechanism that will have zero real world consequences and is only introduced in the first place to reduce pull-factors , not to actually resettle anyone . 
  it is such a boring topic in reality , and all the hysterical talk in the world is not going to change this coming eventually . 
  how ever shall we survive without mighty hungary and slovakia . 
  we were nothing before they joined . 
  should 've read the contract more carefully then . 
  the problem here is deutsche bank going belly up is just about the biggest hit we could take . 
  it 's going to be worse than 2008 . 
  i do n't think it 's even an option . 
  to my knowledge nothing was swept away . 
  their background , the isis connection - it was all front page news in germany . 
  it just was n't assumed . 
  the only people to die by isis attacks in germany were the attackers themselves . 
  we did n't have the well-organized groups we 've seen elsewhere . 
  the police ca n't start screaming `` it was fucking isis you idiots '' when a teenager attacks people with an axe and a knife and then runs away . 
  that 's a possibility , but one that needs investigating . 
  but i know investigating requires patience and and that 's a dirty word in news nowadays . 
  we have n't had nazis , we have them . 
  they 're a sizable group , organized , well funded and actively trying to get into positions of political power . 
  so i 'm happy it 's funny to you but no we wo n't stop worrying about it . 
  that 's because with the isis attacks we had , the targets were random . 
  but here the * target * was a mosque . 
  if a church was bombed by a muslim attacker , then the situations would be comparable in regards to where the investigation ought to start . 
  i also still have no idea why the beginning assumptions of police investigations are such a big deal , but oh well . 
  i would generally call it pretty appalling to want to stop children from attending school because of their ethnicity , yes . 
  i did not realize this was an actual point of debate , but i learn something new on here everyday . 
  the total number . 
  so frankreich : 163 means 163.000 have roots in france . 
  i think it only goes up to parents though , no grandparents . 
  names are in german though . 
  not actually an option with the power structures as they currently are within the eu , but whatever makes you feel better . 
  so the eu has introduced a comprehensive plan to reform the asylum system like 18 months ago , and * now * he comes along with the detailed proposal to `` put them on an island '' somewhere . 
  and i bet next week he 'll cry again about how nobody in europe listens to him . 
  i wonder why . 
  jup , aka the good neighbor boateng who has a migratory background and looks oh so foreign , but is culturally perfectly `` german '' . 
  i went and had a look at the data for 0-5 year olds : of the people asked : 1244 had a migratory background of those : * 8 % have migratory experience themselves , so were born elsewhere * 80 % have german citizenship * 36 % have one german and one non-german parent * 60 % have a background from europe , 28 % from the eu * 5 % from africa, 
  not useless , just not suitable to push the agenda he wants to push . 
  well that 's not true . 
  that 'd be a great point but they got 14 % in a state election , they did n't exactly take over the country . 
  another chance to reestablish themselves on the left and reconnect with all the people they 've lost since schr\u00f6der thrown away . 
  shocker . 
  sure they should have . 
  we also should have never passed the dublin laws in the first place or reformed them starting 2011 at the latest when it became fairly obvious what would happen . 
  the entirety of europe except for greece and italy ignored this for years . 
  half still do their best to do so , actually . 
  that 's not how politics work , ever .
