  she 's right , just not sure i trust her motivation . 
  i do have a kid , still do n't think i get to 90 minutes a day on my own , every day . 
  but my point was that i 'm not the average . 
  there 's millions of young guys who clean their apartment like once a month and stick to frozen pizza , and even more men in somewhat traditional relationships who do n't do much of anything , ever . 
  so i have a hard time seeing a 90 minute average . 
  90 minutes a day * on average * ? 
   but since the attacker is brown , some apologists are raising the issue of `` context '' . 
  or , you know , because the fucking supreme court of austria raised it . 
  definitely , i do n't mind and it 's exactly the kind of immigration we need . 
  not so nice for spain though . 
  reddit tells me my country is overrun by refugees , but funnily enough the biggest difference i recognize over the past couple of years in my neighborhood is actually that we have a huge number of spanish people in their 20s and 30s now . 
  that was very rare before . 
  with free movement that 's just the way it was always going to go i suppose . 
  young people will emigrate to the economic core of the union . 
  should become one of the problems over the next decades . 
  just to be clear because the headline is not : two thirds of those who specifically had their age disputed . 
  frankfurt is small-ish compared to london , but the rhein-main region has ~ 5m people . 
  refugees welcome . 
  honestly i love english tabloid speak . 
  bastards are so good at it . 
  i wanted to make a snarky comment about the polish people voting for these assholes , but instead i just feel sad . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i also would n't be surprised if our own constitutional court would go on to scrap it again . 
  personally i would n't have the biggest issue with it if it can be limited to people who truly do just come here to live on benefits , but i do n't see how . 
  it 's pretty common to apply for it when first coming here while looking for a job . 
  and of course over 5 years , it 's possible to simply drift into unemployment for a while . 
  no sense in forcing them to move back because of it . 
   according to germany 's federal labor agency 440,000 eu nationals living in germany received social welfare in january . 
  topping the list were polish nationals with around 92,000 recipients , followed by italians ( 71,000 ) , bulgarians ( 70,000 ) , romanians ( 57,000 ) and greeks ( 46,000 ) . 
   does n't seem like one nationality is dominating . 
  if you read the article , it 's because of a recent decision by the european court of justice that deemed it legal . 
  but sure . 
  refugeeeees . 
  do you * want * `` catching a terrorist on the run '' to be unexceptional ? 
  it 's exceptional regardless of ethnicity . 
  chill out . 
  he 's just talking . 
  there was a study about social circles of turkish immigrants in ~ half a dozen european cities , and in each one the second generation had a more ethnically diverse group of friends than the first one . 
  somewhere between just 50 % and as high as 90 , but the trend was there everywhere . 
  so there is progress , even if it 's slower than we all want . 
  ca n't link it because , ehm , i 'm in bed , but it was done by the ties-project which studies second-generation immigrants in europe . 
  that 's funny , it 's what we were widely called when she moved here in 2002 , when according to her apparently everything was going brilliantly . 
  weird point of view . 
  that was actually part of the proposal by the european commission . 
  did n't get much attention because it also had the quotas in it . 
  the plan is to establish `` hotspots '' in italy/greece and start processing claims there . 
  the ones from countries with a very low acceptance rate would be done speedily , and if found baseless they 'd be deported from there . 
  some are operational already , actually . 
  it 's just a start though , afaik so far they 're only registering people and do n't have the capabilities to keep them . 
  `` deliberate omission '' , okay . 
  read it again , it 's in there . 
  no , the courts forced it because neither greece nor hungary could ensure a fair asylum process any longer . 
  that 's also why she remains critical of inner-european borders . 
  she `` admitted '' closing the balkan route worked , but thinks it will push the problem back outwards to greece/italy and we 're back to the situation before 2015 . 
  and that was already a crisis , just not for the central european nations . 
  and after she ( everyone here really ) ignored that as long as she could , she 's admitted that now . 
  when she was asked if she had regrets , her answer was basically : i 'd like to go back in time , but a decade back , not a year . 
  she sure made mistakes , but i do think she 's had it broadly right ever since . 
  who does n't think their ( political ) ideas are superior ? 
  if you did n't , you would n't have them . 
  yes , we need a deal first . 
  but libya is a transit country , the people setting off to sea there are predominantly not libyan . 
  that makes them much less likely to take a deal - not their citizens , not their problem - but even if we make a deal there , new routes will be used . 
  meaning we 'll need new deals . 
  it 's possible , but i would not call it simple by any means . 
  trying to deter asylum seekers in their countries of origin is not easy either , if anything it 's much harder than seemingly simple `` build a wall '' solutions , but if it does work it is by far the most effective and clean solution we have . 
  in effect of course we should work on all these things side by side , and we are . 
  libya is a sovereign country , you ca n't just offload people on their beaches . 
  because they won the vote to `` take their country back '' , and gay people do n't belong in that version . 
  some people like that are much more willing to actually act on their beliefs if they feel they 're representing `` the people '' and are backed by them . 
  police is generally organized by each bundesland - the landespolizei - but the federal police is in charge at train stations . 
  you 're telling me if me and my dozen dimwitted friends threaten the police they wo n't just back down ? 
  i ca n't believe that plan did n't work . 
  okay . 
  well it 's mostly a land border , so if they manage to be a ferry service i 'd be quite impressed . 
  i think it 's just slightly inaccurate , and the actual crime would be `` racial or religious hatred '' . 
  in any case race is an outdated concept and not used like that anymore anyway . 
  the race in racial hatred can refer to skin colour , ethnicity or nationality as well . 
  same way racism includes those things nowadays . 
  it 's shorthand , basically . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/5xelwlg ) where `` her '' cdu is currently located . 
  `` willkommenskultur '' refers to the refugee crisis , but as you can see that was a significant outlier . 
  the current cdu is a typical center-right party in both the economical and cultural sense - albeit often drifting to the middle a bit - and merkel fits in very well . 
  she 's not a liberal . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.fes.de/de/strategy-debates/ ) ) edit : switched links to english version, 
  i 'm not being obtuse . 
  culture , ethnicity and values are three very different things . 
  i used the analogy because `` being german '' was made conditional on having the correct values by the poster i replied to . 
  so members of the german communist party are `` germans '' then ? 
  nazis are `` legally german '' too ? 
  or is it maybe not so much about values after all . 
  it 's friggin belgium of all places . 
  stop assigning countries some sort of uniform culture everyone neatly fits in . 
  uhm . 
  the rest of the continent became democratic , and most of it entered into an increasingly close union ? 
  yees , finally we get our place in the sun . 
  and some extra places in the rain too . 
  do you think we just take the money that 's left at the end of the year and throw it over the old border ? 
  and that we 've now taken some and given it to refugees ? 
  it 's mostly social security , or costs of the federal government , wages .
