  the better question is where you are getting 100b from . 
  that 's just a number floating around , not set in stone . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://bruegel.org/2017/03/brexit-bill-negotiators-must-answer-these-12-questions/ ) calculations from a eu think tank if you 're interested in detailed calculations . 
  their absolute * maximum * is 109b up front , and even that will still end as a long-run net of 65b . 
  their minimum is about ~ 25b , just to give a sense of how much this can change based on negotiations . 
  media has for obvious reasons run with the biggest fucker of a number they could find . 
  no , that 's not accurate . 
  it 's for the next 3 to a maximum of 8 years , not 10 , depending on negotiations . 
  and of course british assets would be factored in . 
  haha , this too now ? 
  sure , why not . 
  i 'm growing weirdly fond of being the scapegoat every time a bird shits on someone in europe . 
  just feels right , does n't it ? 
  i could understand that narrative with greece even if it was n't really true . 
  but it makes zero sense to blame us for the situation in italy . 
  i guess you * can * blame us for not wanting to do anything years ago , before it affected us . 
  but we 're not the ones awkwardly looking the other way now . 
  that 's our dear friends to the east . 
  that 's what they have been doing . 
  you 're all welcome btw . 
  net-migration from italy to germany is like 20.000 a year and already going down again . 
  chill with the hyperbole . 
  christ . 
  it 's a city festival . 
  the local school kids meet in that park to drink , like you do as a teenager and like they have done long before the refugee crisis . 
  people looking to be outraged annoy me . 
  it 's not your fault though , we really should teach people how basic competence in media consumption . 
  they did n't `` unite to fight the police '' . 
  they were partying/drinking in that park like they do every year . 
  police came to break it up after midnight like they do every year . 
  most went home , some of them threw bottles and sprayed a car , to my knowledge nobody got injured . 
  so you only got everything wrong , good stuff . 
  3 incidents at a city festival ? 
  it is not . 
  it happens thousands of times across europe every weekend . 
  people just do n't usually care . 
  what happened here is that there were a couple incidents of sexual harassment and/or assault , some people threw bottles at the police . 
  certain right-wing sites picked that up and turned it into a `` refugee sex mob '' . 
  that has since been corrected from `` a thousand refugees '' to `` people with immigration background among them , but certainly less than half '' . 
  but it is the only reason you find this story on / r/europe . 
  there is nothing remarkable about it otherwise . 
  you can find that sad or whatever i do n't care , but that 's the world we live in . 
  people use single incidents to reinforce their preconceived notions , and whether those are right or wrong that 's intellectually hot garbage . 
  that some fantastic reading comprehension . 
  also / s. 
  good one , but you know your previous comments are still there to read , right ? 
  not once have i said the word normal , i said it is n't new . 
  which it is not , neither here nor in poland . 
  the fact that you 'd prefer to make it into some weird-ass competition between germany and poland says a lot about you , and about how much you * actually * care about this issue when it does n't suit your agenda . 
  have fun in your land of milk and honey where nothing bad ever happens . 
  i 'm not the one denying the existence of sexual harassment in my country , so i doubt i 'm the child here . 
  have a conversation about it with your female friends if you get the chance . 
  you 'll be surprised . 
  edit : oh my , the shit that is offensive to / r/europe ... seriously , do it . 
  it 's important . 
  drunk kids getting rowdy when told to go home is n't new , and neither is sexual harassment . 
  you 're very likely talking to different people . 
  the guys who made a big fuss about eastern europeans a decade ago are the same people talking racist shit about non-europeans now . 
  in fact they pretty much copy-pasted their arguments ... that whole thing about inferior cultures , raping `` our women '' , bringing crime and stealing jobs : not new . 
  i cringe a lot when i see eastern europeans side with those guys . 
  you 're next on their list . 
  your comment is a great example of the danger of half-truths . 
  it really is n't but you got ta adapt to your audience , you know . 
  have you heard of sir henry maudsley ? 
  what element did he discover again ? 
  see , a comment ago you did n't care at all , at least you 're now honest enough to call it bragging rights . 
  so let 's try again : if we move in together and i hang our living room full of stuff about the german nt , and you then ask if maybe we could have an english jersey in there as well - are you trying to undermine the accomplishments of germany ? 
  are you not giving enough respect to all those times we kicked you out ? 
  or would you say that since i 'm representing my nation , you should be able to represent yours too ? 
  despite them being a bit shit . 
  you are making science a team sport , then get annoyed about others doing the same and wanting their team represented . 
  maybe you should just all stop . 
  these are fucking faculty members of a random university you and i never heard of , not einstein . 
  they are having their pictures moved to another place , being replaced by scientists we also never heard of . 
  you then bring up `` accomplishments of bearded white scholars '' that never set foot in that place , and brag about the uk beating germany . 
  but yes , no not at all what you 're doing . 
  sure thing . 
  i thought you 'd get the point but fine , here it is spelled out : you are making other peoples accomplishments your own , based on their ethnicity and nationality - `` we '' are better than `` you '' . 
  you then get triggered by people saying they 're feeling alienated and wanting `` their '' accomplishments to be represented too . 
  the fact that you think i could be jealous of dumb shit like that shows it . 
  you are what you hate , but luckily not quite clever enough to figure it out . 
  blissful ignorance . 
  the problem with that is that they were n't put there to represent that contribution in the first place . 
  you have not discovered shit . 
  your very own article states that these are portraits of former faculty staff , so beyond an excuse to circlejerk i do n't see the relevance of that picture . 
  wear whatever shoes you want , but at least unbutton your jacket ... poor button . 
  you need to compare the overall income of the countries as percentage of gdp , not just two tax rates . 
  i mean it depends on where you start . 
  american conservatives would have a mental breakdown from the kind of taxation the french have . 
  and if he was your president , he 'd probably increase taxes . 
  well sorry but every other day i see eastern europeans complain about how the west killed their companies . 
  it 's not like a frozen pizza with some extra salami or fishy fish fingers are some impossible high-tech product . 
  so what 's so cruel about wanting you to make use of that opportunity ? 
  no from major german newspapers . 
  this was first reported by ard , the biggest public tv station and confirmed by the government . 
  could turn into a very big deal . 
  right but iglo is n't one . 
  if czechs want better fish fingers , they wo n't refuse to sell them whether they 're german , czech or mongolian . 
  money talks . 
  to me it just seems like them getting away with it because they lack the competition they have here .
