  lol what a great example . 
  it 's not that complicated a situation , there 's no need for whacky metaphors . 
  what do you think they have been doing ... 
  no , which is why we do n't do it . 
  you think nobody has thought of paying them before ? 
  they declined , egypt and tunisia did too . 
  almost like this is a complex problem or something . 
  your simply idea is an act of war mate . 
  yes , but the fair way to do it involves the q-word that this sub does n't like . 
  that 's a useless threat . 
  if we had the option of not allowing them to stay , we would n't . 
  what are you going to do , throw them into the sea ? 
  welcome to the problem . 
  your fault , what 's your point ? 
  you 're still drowning , and we let it happen despite being able to help . 
  that 's simple facts , it 's quite odd that people seem to have an issue with it . 
  the eu pulled back from the area outside italian waters to try and discourage migrants . 
  by letting them drown . 
  you can be fine with that or not , but i think we can at least be honest . 
  on the train home right now but yes there 's a study that has come to the same conclusion . 
  maybe i 'll look for it later . 
  your mistake is to assume they are rational and well informed actors . 
  they are n't in the first place , and there is a multi-million dollar industry actively lying to them . 
  and that we could get the failure rate to be 100 % , which we ca n't without libyan cooperation . 
  not even close . 
  same concept as those that came to germany because we 're all getting free mercedes ' and houses . 
  that was n't very rational either , but it 's what they were sold by traffickers and what they wanted to believe . 
  the ngos were founded as a reaction to the eu stopping their operations there . 
  if there is a gap like that again , i think the more likely result would be for more ngo boats to pop up until we are where we are now . 
  whether you encourage them or not , it 's never going to be even close to zero . 
  the only solution is to deal with the north african states in stopping them from leaving the first place , maybe even take them back . 
  like we used to with gadaffi before france and friends had a really clever idea again . 
  theoretically yeah , that 's not how it will play out . 
  i know times have changed a lot and we 're cool with people drowning as long as we do n't see it , but have those boats sit in front of a port for a couple weeks until people start starving to death and no government will be able to hold out . 
  too ugly . 
  that 's not what this will do , those boats would just go to another eu country instead . 
  this is italy complaining about lack of support from other member states . 
  i mean i do n't know about you , but even with my erststimme i vote almost entirely for a party - not the guy running in my district - in the expectation that he will vote mostly along party lines . 
  i do n't even know his views , i know his parties views . 
  if there are no more party lines to vote along , it wo n't really be representative of the peoples will any more . 
  the law about them being only beholden to their conscience exists so nobody can be forced to vote a certain way , but that they generally agree to represent the views of their party is pretty important to our democracy to me . 
  we mostly just tend to be very private about things like religious beliefs or sex life compared to most , at least that 's what i 've found . 
  there 's a bigger hurdle for people to go into the street and make a statement about these things one way or the other . 
  it 's more that while even most cdu voters support it , there 's a loud minority who she 's going to piss off by doing this . 
  and those that support it do n't * really * care . 
  so it was smarter to block it . 
  but now over the last week spd , greens and fdp have all stated they 'll make support for gay marriage a requirement for coalitions and sought to make it a stick to beat her with during campaigning . 
  it was something where she was vulnerable , had they succeeded in making it a big enough topic . 
  so she 's calculated that pissing off a couple conservatives is worth it to take away that stick from her opposition . 
  a quick swivel by merkel and spd is punching air again . 
  that 's her tactic , to starve them of topics to attack her with and make people not really care . 
  even most non-cdu voters are * okay * with her winning , that 's her secret . 
  she gets respect because she 's an exceptional politician . 
  not bluechip , the [ mittelstand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittelstand ) ( smes ) is what defines the german economy . 
  we have volkswagen , bayer and such , but it 's really `` global niche dominance '' where german manufacturing excels at . 
  generally it has been a political focus for decades to keep manufacturing alive , while many other countries put that focus on promoting a service based economy as that was seen as `` the future '' . 
  that 's weaker in comparison in germany . 
  [ ukraine ] ( http://www.handelsblatt.com/politik/international/gasprom-hatte-recht-ukraine-bestaetigt-gas-diebstahl/2606138.html ) admitted it . . 
  that 's what it is . 
  it 's different ( worse ) from ragu alla bolognese , but then we do n't call it that so i 'm not sure what the problem is . 
  not to mention that it was almost certainly italian immigrants that taught it to us . . 
  right , but that 's not the best example . 
  legalization of gay marriage is still a very new thing , mostly introduced within the last decade . 
  and it has majority support both among the population and in politics in germany . 
  if the spd had slightly bigger balls or had we had a government without cdu lately , we 'd have gay marriage by now . 
  it 'll happen soon , likely within the next 4 years . 
  so using that as an example of how germany is less liberal is a bit questionable . 
  there are a couple western european countries i 'd call more liberal , but while we 're seldom the first to push for something we do mostly keep up . 
  it 's shameful we have failed so far , but that 's more of a specific political oddity rather than representative of the country . 
  you recall wrong , it has existed since before you joined . 
  the majority of germans never supported the eastern expansion for example . 
  then it was calm for a while , then hungary via orban became a topic again and people remembered they 're not all that interested in being in a union with a country descending into illiberal democracy . 
  that 's not the reason and you know that perfectly well . 
  right but paying a bit more money is different from being forced into crappy apartments and shitty jobs, 
  you think its fair to assume poles are dickheads if someone happens to meet two who are ? 
  thats pretty weird man . 
  partly , yes . 
  the one you wo n't rent to is being punished for something he did not do though . 
  nightclubs do it and who cares , but work or housing is so central to life that its rightly deemed not accepyable . 
  just imaging that group being men instead of turks or poles . 
  fits as well . 
  that 's why we have rules against it . 
  it can make business sense to discriminate against a certain group - particularly in situations like renting , where you do n't lose money by just renting to some white german dude instead . 
  that 's partly why the study found it to be so high in munich where there 's a shortage . 
  but the cost for the individual being discriminated against through no fault of his own is too large to bear in comparison , so we thrive to fight against it anyway . 
  to explain why this should be in / r/europe , this is the next step in that nord stream 2 saga from several days ago . 
  the us senate had overwhelmingly voted for new sanctions , but now the house has sent it back . 
  the article talks about `` constitutional issues '' for it , but to be frank i have no clue about that . 
  i 'd love to hear it if someone does . 
  is this some new fancy conspiracy ? 
  isis hates most strains of islam as much as the west , and most of their terror attacks are in muslim countries . 
  latvia meanwhile seems pretty calm . 
  the actually trained ones seem to mostly be in syria trying to hold on to what little territory they have left , or caught/dead . 
  it 's almost always random assholes with only some online contact to isis now . 
  no training , and they tend to not be particularly together people in the first place . 
  small time criminals looking for some glory . 
  attack of the morons . 
  yes ? 
  it 's just a german newspaper that ordered a survey from yougov , partly about german issues . 
  not exactly a conspiracy .
