  there 's hundreds of millions who globalization helped out of poverty . 
  like not punish people if they have n't broken any laws ? 
  definitely . 
  it 's pretty sweet . 
  the people i know in the industry ( bmw mostly ) are n't particularly afraid of tesla . 
  what they 're doing is in the end extremely close to their core competency . 
  the `` nokia moment '' they 're more weary of is coming from google/apple . 
  on the other hand as far as i can tell , it 's also by far the most well known monument for the holocaust . 
  so mission accomplished in that sense , i guess . 
  personally i like it . 
  i used to work for a charity near there so went before work once . 
  if there 's nobody else around , during winter when the sun is not quite up , it 's a legitimately haunting experience . 
  if there 's a couple dozen school kids dicking around , less so . 
  nah , that 's just a bit stupid . 
  says : `` government against people like in 1989 - merkel belongs to islam . '', 
  those red flags though - called wirmer-flag - are nowadays a symbol of far-right extremists , so putting that picture above an article arguing how these people are just innocent guys who feel left behind ... poor choice is all , since there 's a good chance those are actual fascists that should not be excused . 
  that picture is somewhat unfortunate . 
  he 's not calling anyone a racist , he 's speaking out against populist rhetoric and scapegoating of minorities . 
  maybe `` the right '' will win big because nobody can be bothered to read articles any more . 
  he 's perfect if they 're able to play it right . 
  he has spent the last 20 years in europe , so is not tainted by all the crap the spd pulled nationally , and he 's kinda scruffy , unpretentious and down to earth . 
  if they could sell him as a `` return to our core principles '' , they 'd have a good shot . 
  problem is i do n't think they 're competent enough to do it . 
  it 's pretty telling that gabriel still is the most popular option of their base , while the rest of the country ca n't stand the guy . 
  zero , but they do n't have to be . 
  linke + spd+g r\u00fcne is the option . 
  polling at ~ 45 % . 
  it 's certainly less likely than another cdu+spd term , but it 's not outlandish either . 
  he seems like a pretty clever guy . 
  now if only juncker was half the politician delors was . 
  you can have a problem with them coming here and still be sad about people drowning while trying to better their lot in life . 
  do n't lose your humanity . 
  that 's the exact kind of stupid shit that poisoned the debate last time . 
  here 's a tip from someone that wants us to help : any german politician will only agree if the german population is on board or at least indifferent . 
  if you want the german population to be on board , stop calling us hitler . 
  not the biggest fan but if their alternatives are de maiziere and von der leyen ... no thank you . 
  stay seated , angie . 
  who in the world are you even arguing with . 
  all i said was that 13 % in work would be good news , and one comment later your vomiting all over some `` ego-driven liberal '' stereotype you imagine me to be . 
  to be frank i really do n't care . 
  it 's not lack of ambition , it 's realism . 
  per the article itself , those numbers are in line with previous migrants ( and protip : the hard limit was not 50 % ) , which given the sheer number of last year would be quite impressive and above expectations . 
  which is where my scepticism comes from . 
  we do n't have to label greeks as anything other than eu citizens , making them perfectly free to move here as is . 
  rest assured we 've just announced record unemployment , so you 're crude attempt at playing the most vulnerable of our society against each other falls flat . 
  the afd is not growing , but has fallen in recent polls . 
  only ?!, 
  if that number is accurate , that 's a fairly big win . 
  did you actually read it ? 
  it 's pretty level-headed . 
   germany is not the new leader of the free world , and it 's far too soon to call the united states a dangerous transgressor . 
  but europe now finds itself facing the sudden possibility that a president trump makes good on his campaign promises to withdraw from world politics and , as part of this neo-isolationist strategy , pull back from nato , the alliance 's keystone . 
  europe is a region currently beset by crises , including the increasingly authoritarian regimes in russia and turkey , eu acrimony , a weak french government , and a brexiting britain . 
    berlin is suddenly much more important to maintaining any semblance of the current order , for the simple reason that there is no one else to take the wheel . 
  that 's all they 're saying . 
  the left lost when they were talking about class too . 
  they 'd especially lose now that the `` working class '' is far from as unified as it still was a couple decades ago . 
  edit : and i mean , who has been protesting against globalization , free trade deals and neo-liberalism , for minimum wage and workers rights forever now ? 
  the proper left , those parties and people exist . 
  that has never been the way to win an election though . 
  the winning came when they moved to the economic center . 
  occasional ? 
  structural funds are at ~ 2.5 % of gdp . 
  it ranks health , education and income . 
  you score higher in health and income , but do very badly in education . 
  basically , you dumb . 
  mate the point of trolling is to not be completely obvious . 
  just sad . 
  i know a couple people who work in re-integration of long-time unemployed and from their stories it 's often incredibly difficult once people have done `` nothing '' for 5 or 10 years , even if they 're mentally together dudes . 
  even if things do improve in the south there 's gon na be a shitton of people who 'd need help getting back into things . 
  rough . 
  it 's perfectly rational , you just do n't like it . 
  which on the other hand is not very rational . 
  it 's also not exactly a secret than saving costs through greater efficiency , especially in procurement , is one of the main benefits of an eu-army . 
  well yeah , that 's logical . 
  if we spend more efficiently , we can get away with spending less . 
  people in northern germany do . 
  we 're still closer to danes than bavarians/swabians in many ways . 
  though that 's admittedly disappearing . 
  you 'll be please to know that since there 's a shortage of nurses , people have asked that question and tried to get more men into those jobs . 
  because that 's a sensible thing to do - same as this . 
  oh this 'll be downvoted instead of reaching the front page , do n't worry about it . 
  people have said their piece . 
  orban has flat out said he wants to build an illiberal democracy . 
  it 's on the hungarians now , there 's just nothing left to do for anything else . 
  they 'll learn learn the hard way , like i suppose most other nations did too . 
  man all those guys writing their stupid little studies about the state of democracy in europe must feel rely silly now that you 've shown them up with that zinger . 
  for better or worse , a modern economy and internet access/it proficiency are quickly becoming indivisible , so it 's not a great sign . 
  there 's more to it than shitposting on reddit . 
  she 's not really a candidate , only spd and cdu have those . 
  fdp tried it once but were mocked for it . 
  but yeah , die linke has in parts a troublesome relationship with russia . 
  luckily they are very far away from foreign policy decisions for now . 
  nothing to worry about really , that whole system never worked in the first place . 
  it 'll be a couple hundred a year or something . 
  the guys that did that are mostly as dead as the people it was done to . 
  the ones that were affected are still free to pursue compensation * individually * . 
  i 'm sorry russia screwed you out of reparations , but what 's the justice in making * me * pay * you * ? 
  i do n't even understand the idea . 
  why universal ?
