  not sure what that guy expects them to do . 
  why not ? 
  you ca n't just copy/paste it overnight , that would probably end in disaster . 
  but slowly applying the principles over the next decades instead of going even more bonkers on `` law and order '' - sure . 
  and what kind of bullshit approach is that , sending in the national guard . 
  i 'm sure if he ask sweden they 'll be happy to give him some pointers . 
  then he can study the differences and come up with something a bit more sophisticated than sending in armed troops . 
  to sweden that 's what matters , but it was n't swedish politicians discussing sweden . 
  if their crime rate goes up by 20 % `` because of refugees '' ( which it did n't ) yet was 1/5th of the us one to begin with , then trump is much better off focusing on what explains the other 480 % . 
  the whole `` you ca n't compare us to anyone else lalala '' attitude is pretty harmful i think . 
  your politicians ought to look at sweden and try to learn from it , not shit on it . 
  the `` wirtschaftsweisen '' actually recently predicted that in the average scenario if none leave , they are going to do basically nothing . 
  not ruin us or save us , but add ~ 4 % of debt over the next 80 years . 
  of course others disagree , but it 's not all bleak . 
  i know fascism is hard to define , but that 's got to be the worst attempt i 've seen in a while ... come on dude . 
  because most of it goes straight back into the economy . 
  building shelters , giving them a bit of money of which they spend almost everything , hiring some people to deal with it . 
  all not so terrible for growth . 
  at least in the beginning it 's basically a small stimulus , though that changes after a while . 
  just to be clear : this is about local elections . 
  it exists already in other eu countries , and eu nationals also already have that right in germany . 
  this is an article about a poll where spd/green ( and linke just barely ) voters are for it , the rest against . 
  not about politicians pushing for it . 
  with rome and hamburg that makes 3 . 
  maybe ioc takes the hint and brings that circus back down to normal . 
  eh , unless die linke in some kind of nightmare scenario ends up with the economic ministry , it 's all going to be done by the economically literate people of spd after deliberation with the `` wise men '' and economic council anyway , like always . 
  it 's how we originally ended up with spd doing these reforms in the first place . 
  i feel pretty confident he would n't stray too far from the middle . 
  it 's just election season , and he does have a point that there 's some problems we created and the growing segment of `` working poor '' needs to be addressed . 
  but if it has `` practical incompatibilities in law '' , why would you need to make a new law ... and go on and on about the culture of communication . 
  maybe finally get around to removing all the crucifixes from your class rooms while you 're at it . 
  i mean the majority of these jobs do n't require higher education , it 's the kind people from low wage countries ought to be interested in . 
  do n't need to attract car mechanics from sweden . 
  wages surely are a factor , but probably a very small one compared to cultural/language barriers or just plain disinterest in moving countries for a job . 
  who of the influential european parties is even denying climate change though ? 
  i disagree with your solution because it 's shooting a cannon at sparrows as we 'd say , but i also do n't really see the problem . 
  uh , those seem like actual slums rather than neighbourhoods , which til exist in spain . 
  do these people not go outside ? 
  a high-crime area in modern day europe still means a * really * low chance of anything happening , unless you 're being a dumdum . 
  i mean this is about `` severe material deprivation '' . 
  to get that in germany you basically have to fall through the net somehow or be an extreme case . 
  relative poverty is rising , but the poverty line for that in germany for a single guy is currently ~ 950 $ . 
  that 's not a great life and might well make you collect bottles , but enough to not have an issue affording the basics . 
  because those were 5 rapes , while germany has ~ 8000 a year . 
  but you only care about those 5 from 14 months ago , because they 're useful to you . 
  they care about all of them . 
  if everybody cares this much about sexual assault before 2015 , we might 've made real progress by now . 
  but people were busy making jokes about le feminists and their silly rape culture then . 
  yes i was raped 3 times today , it 's truly the end of days here . 
  everybody fucking panic . 
  jeez i think you guys would all collectively faint in times of actual crisis . 
  have some sense of scale . 
  a real life pissing contest . 
  jo what the fuck bosnia . 
  that 's an interesting study so thanks , but it concludes with a still higher rate remaining regardless ? 
  personally `` truth in statistics '' to me is not slapping some graphs on an article . 
  crimonology is complicated shit , and the trend to simply compare specific crime rates across countries is the opposite of truth , especially with sensitive crimes such as rape . 
  to illustrate : india has one of the lowest rates of rape in the world . 
  officially . 
  now does anyone believe sweden has 120 times as many cases of rape per capita as india , or do we maybe admit that 5 minutes of googling does not make us experts ? 
  of course i 'm still not arguing that , i never was . 
  you misunderstood the conversation rather spectacularly . 
  well but you are gullible dipshits . 
  so you do n't leave me much choice there , do you . 
  i 'm not keeping off the actual argument , you 're just apparently unable to understand what the actual argument is , and would rather call a german who could n't give less of a shit about clinton a `` democrat shill '' . 
  makes sense . 
  here is a list of survival rates of different cancers and cardiovascular disease . 
  the us is good , but nowhere is it 1st let alone `` unrivalled '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_quality_of_healthcare then add stuff like life expectancy or infant mortality rate ( so general health care , not special procedures ) and it looks awful . 
  the topic does n't matter . 
  whether it 's cnn or fox does n't matter . 
  what matters is the fact that you morons have elected a president that forms his opinion based on shitty tv programs . 
  if he wants to talk about crime in sweden for whatever reason - read the crime reports , talk to some swedish criminologists ( because that shit is complicated ) or do what everyone else does and have your people do it and brief you . 
  do n't talk shit based on a 10 minute tv show . 
  that 's absurd i do n't know what your work is , but if i did the equivalent at my job i 'd be laughed out the building . 
  and if i did the same as a 19 year old student i 'd have failed my class . 
  say it with me : tv is not a reputable source for a fucking head of state . 
  no matter the issue or network . 
  he literally said he based on a fox news report . 
  i have seen a lot of incompetent politicians in my life , i 've never seen * that * . 
  the media at it 's best is entry-level information and he 's now at least supposed to pretend to be a well-informed professional , not my angry grandpa . 
  we can spout crap like that , it 's fun . 
  you can peddle that tabloid garbage , who cares . 
  he does n't get to any more if he wants to be taken seriously . 
  and fox is not the media at it 's best . 
  if you want to know the real difference : the tax income of the swedish state is 46 % of gdp , in the us it 's 36 % . 
  they pay significantly more taxes . 
  that 's always been the deal . 
  in the us you have `` unchained capitalism '' so you make more money but your social infrastructure is garbage . 
  in western europe you have strong states and get all those nice things that pays for , but your income will be lower and your taxes higher . 
  not everything is about brown people . 
  the gini-coefficient measures distribution on a scale between 0 and 1 . 
  imagine 10 people living in your building , and together they earn 20.000 $ a month . 
  the average would be 2k . 
  neat , but that average stays the same even if 2 people earn 10k each and the other 8 earn nothing . 
  with gini you have the two extremes : if 1 person earns 20k and the rest nothing , gini would be 1 . 
  if everyone earns 2.000 so you 'd have a perfectly even distribution , it would be 0 . 
  in reality it will of course lie somewhere in between . 
  the actual calculation of that number is a bit tricky and not eli5 stuff , but also not really important . 
  lower simply means a more equal distribution .
