  i consider the us to be : - significantly more militaristic than the rest of the west - much more confident in their military - less worried about an invasion at home, 
  i 'd guess there might be a correlation between country size and perceived importance of alliances , and netherlands are by far the smallest country asked . 
  in your opinion , and i can understand where you 're coming from . 
  but not by law . 
  the only time we were asked to defend a nato ally we had to fly to afghanistan to do it . 
  since then `` defending your allies '' has become a bit more ambiguous . 
  `` german security also has to be defended in the hindukush '' was quite a controversial statement at the time . 
  i know memes are just super funny , but `` lone '' as in `` one person executed the attack '' . 
  simple fact . 
  how do you know , as far as i 'm aware quotas were n't even a thing in 2009 . 
  oh alright . 
  you 're definitely right there . 
  i guess it 's a pretty sensitive area politically - as demonstrated by the reaction to this - so it 's always easier to ignore it as long as you can . 
  which is also how we ended up in this situation . 
  would have been so easy to sit down in 2009 and figure it out without the current pressure and emotions . 
    article 78   1 ** the union shall develop a common policy on asylum ** , subsidiary protection and temporary protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement . 
  this policy must be in accordance with the geneva convention of 28 july 1951 and the protocol of 31 january 1967 relating to the status of refugees , and other relevant treaties . 
    2 ** for the purposes of paragraph 1 , the european parliament and the council , acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure , shall adopt measures for a common european asylum system ** comprising :   ( a ) a uniform status of asylum for nationals of third countries , valid throughout the union ;   ( b ) a uniform status of subsidiary protection for nationals of third countries who , without obtaining european asylum , are in need of international protection ;   ( c ) a common system of temporary protection for displaced persons in the event of a massive inflow ;   ( d ) common procedures for the granting and withdrawing of uniform asylum or subsidiary protection status ;   ( e ) ** criteria and mechanisms for determining which member state is responsible for considering an application for asylum or subsidiary protection ; **   ( f ) standards concerning the conditions for the reception of applicants for asylum or subsidiary protection ;   ( g ) partnership and cooperation with third countries for the purpose of managing inflows of people applying for asylum or subsidiary or temporary protection . 
    3 in the event of one or more member states being confronted with an ** emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries , the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the ember state ( s ) concerned ** . 
  it shall act after consulting the european parliament . 
  signed by our dear friends in hungary and poland . 
  nobody forced them to sign the treaties , this is getting old . 
  because hungary , poland and austria are the only countries who have n't participated , but austria has pledged to start . 
  50 people by the way , that 's what it took to get of the commissions shit list . 
  these people are not teenage girls , orban is n't acting out because he got his feelings hurt . 
  he is trying to make asylum laws a de facto national competence , while the eu sees it as a eu competence as laid out in the lisbon treaty . 
  that 's what this is about . 
  nothing , they have no obligation to stop them . 
  nobody gives a shit about this policy . 
  they could take in 20 people and drive them straight back to the border , the commission would see that as following it . 
  the treaties give the eu a clear mandate to organize a common asylum policy , and if they ever want to be able to actually build some sort of functional system they can not allow member states to ignore a legally binding decision in that area now . 
  it 's about power from both sides , not about this policy in particular . 
  or on a more serious note , quite representative of what they stand for : [ g\u00f6ttingen . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2tdacy7miy ), 
  stalin did offer the same deal to us , people did n't think he was genuine . 
  those are ministers . 
  they do n't have to look hard , this is real life and not a movie . 
  [ here is a very extensive one . 
  ] ( www.bruegel.org/2017/03/brexit-bill-negotiators-must-answer-these-12-questions ) tl ; dr : maximum would be ~ 80b , compared to maximum liabilities of 113b . 
  but both highly depend on what is considered . 
  with their scenarios the net `` bill '' would end up between 25 and 65b . 
  `` democratically '' we are under-represented in every single eu institution . 
  which is fine , but the more towards federalization we 'd push , the less fine it would become . 
  i 'd guess that will become a major talking point at some time , proper representation giving the big countries too much power . 
  very , that was the biggest shock to me . 
  it 's not really that more people are somewhat overweight , but the amount of people so fat they can barely walk is absurd . 
  thankfully that 's still pretty rare in europe . 
  edit : [ here 's a map of morbid obesity ] ( http://ncdrisc.org/morbid-obesity-prevalence-map.html ) ( bmi  40 ) . 
  most of europe is between 1-2 % , us is at 8.1 % . 
  i mean did we underspent , or did we save hundreds of billions by correctly assessing the security situation after the cold war , and will now react to that changing again ? 
  seems to have worked out pretty well so far . 
  it was really only the financial crisis that slowed the reaction down , maybe too far . 
  oh that 's a whole other story . 
  basically his asylum request was rejected in february , and berlin decided he needed to leave . 
  but in germany states are responsible for deportations and he was registered in nordrhein-westfalen , so berlin told them to do it . 
  but he did n't have his old papers , so they had to make him new ones . 
  sending all that information from one bureaucracy to another took some more months . 
  that was sent to tunisia because they still needed to accept those papers as valid . 
  they did n't because it was a bit sloppy and really , why would they want him back . 
  so some police officers went to tunisia and proved he was in fact tunisian . 
  that made the rounds again , some new papers were made , sent to tunisia again in october . 
  and two days after the attack - `` coincidentally '' - tunisia finally accepted the deportation . 
  it 's one big mess from start to finish . 
  there 's beppe grillo , so they 're upgrading to a professional comedian instead of an accidental one . 
  progress . 
  so you do n't think the guy calling me a petulant child is the condescending one . 
  shocking . 
  yes , yes , link that wikipedia article of that one guy from the 50s one as irrefutable evidence one more time for me , you big expert . 
  it 's like the uk volunteered to run an experiment on what effects trade and immigration have on a modern economy . 
  thanks so much guys . 
  coolio , then we have no problem because that 's what is in the books . 
  okay , my point with this : if someone writes : `` oh my god '' , i know which god they mean , it 's established . 
  no need for the long version . 
  somebody that reads that history book will have gone over the holocaust already . 
  they know they were run by the nazis , they know poland was occupied . 
  it 's already established fact , it does not need to be repeated every time you refer to them , and leaving out such things is someone everybody does . 
  like with the god example , or like the other fella who just referred to them as `` death camps '' only . 
  because it 's easier . 
  i know it can be a bit confusing , but `` polish death camps '' in practice is synonymous with `` death camps in poland '' in german . 
  i understand that to people from the outside it might not seem that way , and why polish people might be interested in being as accurate and unambiguous as possible . 
  but then just say that , do n't accuse us of some vast conspiracy of trying to avoid blame for the holocaust . 
  that 's actually quite offensive , baseless and will just make us not want do anything about it . 
  is it so hard to write `` nazi camps in german-occupied poland '' ? 
  stop trying to shift the blame . 
  which god though ? 
  is it so hard to write `` oh my christian god based on the historical yahweh '' ? 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  that just rolls off the tongue ... everyone reading that book knows what 's meant by it , and you safe 4 words . 
  this is the weirdest issue . 
  this is a history book , it will extensively go over how those camps came to be and who was responsible . 
  if anything it should put to rest the theory that `` polish camps '' is somehow an attempt to switch blame . 
  because while that would maybe make sense in the media , it makes no sense in a history book . 
  so take it as proof that it 's just an expression . 
  i would be so happy if we could all stop throwing around buzzwords , especially completely out of place . 
  merkel answered a question , repeating the official stance the eu has had for a year now - no cherry picking . 
  you got triggered into your `` german speaking for everyone and picking fights like it 's 1939 '' spiel . 
  i only suggest you find out why . 
  for personal growth and whatnot , it 's never too late . 
  have a good one, 
  okay i was wrong , clearly you have a very healthy relationship with germany .
