i do n't know if i 'd really call her populist . 
  in the sense that she has often times switched her position to that of the populace , i suppose yes . 
  but i 'd say if anything her governance is defined by a lack of emotion and sticking to `` facts '' , rather than promising the world . 
  she 's quite boring and `` common sense '' . 
  one of the strengths attributed to her is her ability to kill off all competition that arises . 
  so not so much by default as by design . 
  it 's why she 's often called a brilliant politician , but a poor leader . 
  though of course the implosion of the left helped her * a bit *, 
  on a more abstract level - ignoring the flaws of clinton for a second - i actually have a fairly big problem with that argument . 
  clinton might 've not been very inspiring , but she did offer solutions and `` change '' for those workers in the rust belt : coal and the old manufacturing jobs are gone forever and that sucks , but we can invest and try to shift focus on new , green energy . 
  trump just lied , said he 's going to bring back coal ( never gon na happen ) and make all their dreams come true . 
  the voters bought it and chose the liar . 
  and now the one getting the blame is not the populist con-man , not the voters that fell for him , but the party whose solution you might find not good enough , but that at least had a modicum of honesty in their approach and lost because of it . 
  that 's not healthy for a democracy , i think . 
  not that they should n't be blamed , but so should the other two parts in that shit-show . 
  trump ran a ruthlessly populist campaign and won with it , that should never be encouraged . 
  it 's the death of political culture . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  german public media is controlled by councils that consists of representatives from parties , churches , unions and ngos . 
  our constitutional court specifically decided that parties can not become too well represented as to not take control of public media . 
  which is also against the law , as that specifically tells them to be neutral and free of state interference . 
  there certainly are instances of politics trying ( and sometimes succeeding ) to influence public media , but it 's not at all how it 's setup to work . 
  it 's set up to resist that . 
  it 's a way to spent that money more efficiently , i do n't see the issue . 
  we 've committed to increase spending by 10b up to 40b by 2020 . 
  the nato-goal of 60b by 2024 is a long shot , but the direction is fairly clear . 
  we spend what we feel we need to , and right now the honest feeling is that we need to spend more and be better . 
  is this supposed to sound ominous or something ? 
  that 's exactly the argument not just for germany , but for every individual country . 
  `` estonia needs to protect itself but ca n't pay for such an army by itself , so seeks to expand cooperation with allies '' . 
  the horror . 
  what does that even mean . 
  but the german government is one of the major forces pushing the idea of an eu army right now . . 
  first of all you have to put that number into context : any republican will lose heavily in europe . 
  as for the rest , we 've had `` corrupt '' politicians by the truckload . 
  we 've survived them . 
  some of them have been quite solid regardless . 
  clinton is still someone who clearly likes the democratic system , likes working within it and is quite good at it . 
  and very well informed . 
  but i can not think of anyone as fundamentally incompetent as trump . 
  it 's laughable . 
  combined with his personality leading to him resisting advice because `` he has the best brain '' , it 's a scary proposition . 
  the absolute best case scenario is that he 'll be a puppet president of pence and his cabinet . 
  but pence is a bit of a crazy person by european standards too and the policies are a good way outside european mainstream politics - coming back to republicans simply being deeply unpopular all throughout europe . 
  so , lose-lose . 
  afd will get into parliament , but whether that 's with 10 or 20 % , they 'll be ( largely ignored ) opposition . 
  there 's a 0 % chance of them being involved in government . 
  so ours is n't one to worry about too much . 
  just as i had gotten over them electing bush , twice . 
  i just want to like you america . 
  stop electing climate change denying morons , i beg you . 
  fuck that . 
  whoever saw one debate of trump and thought he 'd be fitting for any kind of political office is an idiot . 
  the man knows less than most on this sub , it 's not acceptable . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/tcq59mi ) is what the `` berlin wall '' looked like . 
  notice the watchtowers , death zone , second fence . 
  the height was n't important . 
  so while the headline is technically true , it 's misleading in trying to make it sound comparable to the berlin wall , which is obviously bullshit . 
  it 's noise cancellation you can just walk around . 
  i actually often wanted to hold a pop-quiz in those worldnews threads where dozens of americans proudly offer to die for my right to incite hatred against jews . 
  something simple like : paraphrase the law and give examples of it 's application over time . 
  no interest ? 
  sorry if i ruined your fun talking about something you know nothing about . 
  we 've had these laws for decades now . 
  so show the oh so slippery slope then . 
  i 'll save you the trouble : it does n't exist . 
  helmut schmidt ruined that word in a political context for us . 
  we 're really into dull bureaucrats nowadays . 
  when the meme is so bad you ca n't tell if it 's actually racist or just retarded . 
  they 're pretty talented musicians . 
  he satirized [ gangster rap last year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4w5cqm3f_c ) ( german , but english subtitles ) and it honestly ended up being one of the better german rap songs of the year . 
  well that 's unfortunately the law . 
  stretched to it 's breaking point , but still . 
  a shipyard ? 
  if they thought it was about security and new years eve , they probably would n't have spent 90 % of the interview talking about street musicians . 
  but ... he specifically says this law - mostly about noise as you can tell from the previous 5 friggin questions - and security measures ( that already exist ) are different things . 
  and he 's against it . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  one off-hand mention by the provost ? 
  there 's a reason the main topic of the interview was street musicians . 
  why would it have anything to do with that ? 
  they 're making a law with virtually no connection to it , do n't mention it , not even with euphomisms of `` security '' or anything but it has to be about new years eve because ? 
  the requirement for ash trays and noise restrictions for street musicians also about sexual assault i guess ? 
  but can we make skotsch ? 
  no one would give a crap about a stabbing in germany without any further information , if it were n't for the context of the refugee crisis . 
  since then anything like this has become instant international news . 
  like no one gave a crap about violence involving poles in the uk before brexit . 
  whatever you might think about that , it 's correct . 
  our media is very narrative driven . 
  it passed with like 21 to 4 , and this is italy complaining , not us . 
  federal . 
  but it has majority support in the population * and * the political system ( it 's really only parts of the cdu and afd opposing it at this point ) , so it 's just a matter of time . 
  wait , you can suspend * arrest warrants * ? 
  when would that ever make sense ? 
   i do wish the eu would stop trying to infringe upon national sovereignty  how ?!, 
  and why ? 
  that makes zero sense . 
  might as well scrap the thing then . 
  they are n't teaching religion , they 're teaching * about * religion . 
  like it or not , religion is still an important part of this world and therefore childred should learn about them .
