  i mean to me that just seems like the perfect opportunity for a czech company to fill a demand then . 
  the surplus afaik is based on the absurdly low interest rates , so that idea does n't seem to gel well with the whole anti-cyclical spending thing . 
  or have we given up on pretending to follow that ? 
  this is based on ~ 100 people that gave the necessary info ( whether right or wrong ) of about 900 people that got arrested in one city . 
  in short , it 's a bullshit foundation for such a rant . 
  the study you linked says so too . 
  is this a joke ? 
  there has been backlash absolutely everywhere , it did n't just overshadow the peaceful protests ( understandable i guess ) but g20 as a whole . 
  that 's mostly the kurdish-turkish stuff i guess ? 
  left-wing violence is overwhelmingly in the context of protests/riots , so against police or the far-right . 
  the far-right is generally more restrained during protests . 
  their violence is often just against random people they do n't like the look of . 
  in more than half the cases of battery the targets were `` foreigners '' , for example . 
  while violence is never okay , i do struggle to understand how anyone can feel the far-left is more dangerous to a regular person , which i 've read a lot over the past couple of days . 
  the police and verfassungschutz . 
  also worth noting that violent offences by the far-right rose significantly ( again ) , while they went down on the left . 
  duh , hamburgs own far-left would never rob a sp\u00e4ti . 
  sp\u00e4tis are friends . 
  in all seriousness , if you compare it to the usual protest-turned-riots you get in hamburg , like with the rote flora a couple years back , there 's a clear difference . 
  you 'd get banks having their windows smashed and maybe the odd burned car along the way , but that 's about it . 
  the lootings and the amount of burned cars sure feel very `` international '' . 
  what makes you think the people looting stores are hamburg natives ? 
  g20 draws protesters from all over the world . 
  obviously . 
  `` i do n't think people should be killed for property damage '' should always be easy to say for any decent human being , regardless whether that 's my property or not . 
  that 's just a sad thing to say . 
  but i mean police should go ahead and shoot someone if they want to find out what a real riot looks like . 
  because people will care quite a bit . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://twitter.com/localteamtv/status/883025494416994305 ) , feel better now ? 
  we have a far-right too . 
  the far-left in hamburg is one of the largest and best organized in europe , and then you have a bunch of idiots from all over the world joining in . 
  they know what they 're doing and inside a huge city like that it 's pretty much impossible to contain them completely . 
  they 're different shades of anti-captialists , anti-globalists , anti-authoritarians and the like . 
  g20 to them is a symbol of everything wrong with capitalism and current world politics , as in a bunch of leaders of rich countries meeting behind closed doors - cordoned off from both protesters and smaller countries - deciding over the fate of the plebs . 
  then you have people protest against erdogan , putin , trump or whoever . 
  then you have people pissed that half their city is under lock down when they could have easily met somewhere in rural east germany . 
  several reasons but as to your point : hamburg had two days of nice and peaceful protest , antifa right at the centre . 
  did that make it on / r/europe ? 
  nope . 
  burn some cars , throw some stones : worldwide news . 
  that might not make people sympathetic to their cause , but i guess they 'll settle for being noticed . 
  there is quite a bit of overlap , but the black block is not the same as antifa . 
  did someone streak in front of them or something ? 
  seems like both sides got what they wanted . 
  pity for the normal protesters . 
  sure , the point is that it 's not like there 's opposition to cooperation with poland , they 're just not interested . 
  poland was offered a connection to ns2 , they did n't want to . 
  what does `` the world '' matter ? 
  we 're slightly important in the eu , and are by far polands biggest trading partner as well as the third biggest source of foreign investment . 
  maybe do n't take geopolitical talking points from random cab drivers . 
  i love how 80 % comments are trying to find excuses and explain away far-right violence by blaming anyone and anything * but * the ( far - ) right . 
  stay fresh , / r/europe . 
  the more of these studies about values/opinions you read , the more you realize how many fucking crazy people are walking around . 
  iirc about 15 % of germans agree that `` jews have too much power in the country '' . 
  and then you learn that 's actually one of the lower numbers . 
  the thin veneer of civilization . 
  as far as i can find the latest number is 657 , of which half are in germany and 100 are in prison . 
  then a couple hundred `` relevant '' persons and another couple hundred considered to be part of/close to the terrorist networks . 
  that 's the thing about these terms of gef\u00e4hrder and extremists and the like , it 's not a proper legal term , it depends on how police defines it for their internal lists . 
  in germany it rose a lot after the christmas attack because they broadened the definition . 
  i mean she 's a 62 year old conservative pastors daughter . 
  i still do n't know whether it was intended or not , but at least she finally got out the way . 
  that 's about all you can expect . 
  as someone with a close gay friend wanting to get married , its going to be a fucking fabulous weekend . 
  about damn time . 
  i wonder if he 'll calm down a bit with time , he 's been quite , uhm , forward so far . 
  it 's how we got here in the first place . 
  with the financial crisis , then the greek , ukrainian and refugee one , nobody wanted to lead . 
  including germany . 
  but someone had to and most were looking at us , so very late and somewhat poorly we did . 
  now everyone bitches about it . 
  it 's a pretty thankless thing and i would n't mind someone else doing it . 
  but there are n't exactly a bunch of countries lining up for it - which you 'd expect if it were as massively beneficial as it gets portrayed . 
  at the moment it 's either us and france or nobody . 
  right that sucks for italy and co , but from the outside would n't that just be similar to the dollar being too low for california or new york ? 
  what does that even mean . 
  but i have the feeling your opinion is set anyway . 
  first some random image and now wikipedia , good stuff . 
  groups by dominant nationality 2015 : 1 . 
  german 198 1 . 
  turkish 55 1 . 
  polish 40 1 . 
  italian 21 1 . 
  romanian 21 1 . 
  russian 14 1 . 
  lithuanian 13 1 . 
  albanian 11 1 . 
  georgian 11 1 . 
  they 're pretty irrelevant in organized crime apart from a couple lebanese groups actually . 
  eastern europeans are a much bigger issue there in all facets from burglary to human trafficking and drugs . 
  do n't have a pretty image to show though . 
  everyone get their `` antifa are the real fascists '' comments ready . 
  dem wirtschaftsleben ( schockanrufe zum nachteil \u00e4lterer menschen07 ) zur\u00fcckzuf\u00fchren '' basically , one big group got caught for defrauding old people over the phone . 
  they are very overrepresented among the number of groups as well though , where they come 7th right after russians and are ( like most eastern europeans ) mostly active in burglary and auto theft . 
  it 's mostly just that going after organized crime is , like , really hard and police is stretched thin anyway . 
  so as long as they keep reasonably quiet and the ( visible ) violence to a minimum , it 's easier to just ignore . 
  if you live in a neighbourhood long enough you start to see the obvious ones - that d\u00f6ner shop where no one ever goes that stays open anyway , the pizza place that has closed and re-opened as a slightly different version 4 times , the `` mens club '' , the young guy sitting in front of the toilet as a `` cleaner '' all night in a random shitty bar . 
  but they do n't bother people too much , so police focuses on things they can actually solve . 
  if we did try , it would probably get a lot worse before it got better . 
  so good luck getting politicians to commit to * that * .
