  what an odd place to build a house . 
  that must be why cdu has blocked any attempts to create a proper immigration law and create better opportunities for qualified immigrants . 
  because they just believe in their heart of hearts everyone already has the right to come , so why bother putting it down as one of those silly law things all the other politicians obsess about . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  she probably loves `` the game '' and power as much as the rest of them , but she never struck me as someone who cares about luxury or money at all . 
  which , as someone who never voted for her , i always very much liked . 
  especially with her sitting next to mr. golden tower . 
  [ `` do you understand why what you did was wrong , donald ? 
  regardless of the message , that 's a fantastic cartoon . 
  and look , no labels necessary . 
  the whole point of putting them in those chairs is to get some nice pictures of them shaking hands , he 's done it with everyone else . 
  i think we should rely on more low-key ways to respond . 
  the netherlands have upgraded the warnings for tourists , sch\u00e4uble has said the promised economic help package is n't doable under these conditions . 
  those are ways to screw erdogan , but it 's not something he can really use at home to gain votes like a direct verbal response would . 
  and then just hope he loses the referendum . 
  what 's the 30 % `` other '' they 're drinking in belarus ? 
  edit : apparently they love fruit wines and self-distilled vodka-like booze called samahon . 
  aka a politician asked an international company to comply with national law , queue outrage . 
  oh really . 
   the report also accused the authorities of failing to adequately take into account the experiences of previous years ' in their operational planning . 
  if you mean that being in the eu is worth more than 20b a year for us , absolutely . 
  nhs was a stupid example because health care is incredibly expensive . 
  that does n't mean it 's not still quite a bit of money . 
  worth it and i do n't mind paying it at all , but let 's not pretend germany could n't do a lot with an extra 20b each year . 
  we could almost double our defence budget for example . 
  or give every school an extra million a year . 
  thank you . 
  i would n't mind cutting funding for parties with the explicit goal of abolishing the eu , or extremist parties like npd . 
  but this seems more like an attempt to screw over all small parties/new movements from the already established ones . 
  fuck that . 
   after the two men were arrested by a nearby bakery good job bakery !, 
  deserves a medal , surely . 
  sch\u00e4uble got one yesterday and apparently that one came from somewhere in greece . 
  so i suppose the most likely scenario is someone is pissed over the debt crisis and their handling of it . 
  so many blue suits . 
  i do n't know if that was supposed to be an example of a reasonable opinion , because punishing someone for what someone else of the same ethnicity did is pretty clearly unconstitutional - but yeah you can say it . 
  we have a conservative chancellor you dingus . 
  we 've had one for the majority of time since the 50s when it was introduced , and yet this law remained . 
  unless you want to call konrad friggin adenauer a leftist i think your argument might need work . 
  and some point people have to stop blaming evil leftists for everything they do n't like . 
  ... fine . 
  as per the friggin article : users report , employees of companies decide what to delete , ministry of justice does quarterly checks to see if that was done correctly . 
  as for who decides what counts as `` hate speech '' : german law . 
  did you know that on modern computers you can click a link and it will open up a completely new page with more information ? 
  depends on how much you care about greece . 
  / s being serious , the difference to 2015 is that the eu has taken over parts of the asylum procedures/border protection in greece , and of course the balkan route is partly closed . 
  so there would be an increase almost certainly , but it 's unlikely to devolve into `` waving everyone through '' and such a complete loss of control like before . 
  i do n't think anyone can really predict anything in detail , though . 
  she did n't act like it , they were the ones doing it . 
  as you can see by the fact that cavusoglu for example did end up speaking in hamburg . 
  what would be the point of merkel interfering with local politicians to stop * some * rallies ? 
  is it weak to not do what most of her voters and the rest of europe * want * her to do ? 
  seems pretty easy to me . 
  she saw a conflict that was escalating on it 's own and decided to not fan the flames . 
  because a negative comment or action by her is a thousand times more helpful to erdogan than some dude speaking in front of 200 people . 
  then turkey stepped over the line with the netherlands , so the `` stance hardened '' . 
  if in a couple days she still has n't done anything you can call her weak , i guess . 
  before it 's was not a situation with one right decision that fixes everything . 
  does it really matter if it 's automatic or they go through the process ? 
  you could still just rush them through the formal process . 
  it 's not like there 's an actual queue and they have to wait for georgia to join before it 's their turn . 
  you 're right , we need to go back to 24h breaking news coverage every time a muslim farts and make all terrorists massive anti-heroes . 
  that 's the healthy way for media to handle it . 
  tesla sold like 70.000 cars last year ... which is respectable , but in a `` they 're selling almost as well as the s class '' way , not a beating all german car makers combined way . 
  they 're missing a couple million for that . 
  and the s class makes a profit . 
  i think they 're well aware , there just is no clean solution here . 
  not an expert , but i feel injuring one person in a car park is not likely to be terrorism . 
  ... why is this even in a british newspaper . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  they 're doing exceedingly well in many areas . 
  huh ? 
  no they do n't . 
  not even at the height of their power , and they 've been losing territory for a while now . 
  the proper , non-meme translation of `` wir schaffen das '' would be : `` we 've managed to deal with so much , we can deal with this too '' . 
  it was n't fawning , it was acknowledging that it would be a huge challenge . 
  not his fault you do n't understand that `` a few percent of their gdp '' is actually a huge amount of money . 
  total education spending in the eu for example is ~ 4 % , defence spending is  2 % ... that 's also just `` a few percent '' but kinda a lot . 
  or another way : the marshall plan was 1-2 % of gdp and ran for about 3 years . 
  you 're getting your own marshall plan , every year . 
  no need to thank anyone , just you know , at least acknowledge it . 
  keep going you morons , maybe we can get you below 5 % by september after all . 
  personally i do n't think they 're blind to the fact , i think it 's part of the calculation . 
  basically instead of `` once you reach italy you 'll get to pick your favorite destination '' it would be `` you might get sent to bulgaria ( no offense ) '' , which is another mechanism to reduce the numbers . 
  maybe that 's a bit conspirational , i do n't know . 
  i agree that forcing countries is generally a really bad idea , but that 's why i do n't see the trouble with being able to pay money instead of taking in people . 
  tbh i 'd have expected countries to be all over that and offer it by themselves . 
  ca n't quite understand why they 're insulted instead . 
  sure but i mean those are different things . 
  you can work to reduce the number of asylum applicants - and the eu is definitely doing that - but you ca n't guarantee that there wo n't be a crisis ever again , that 's naive . 
  so you still need procedures in place for that . 
  personally i never get the outrage over this , it 's basically `` you 'll have to pay something if you do n't want to deal with this '' . 
  which to me seems a lot more amicable than `` no fuck you , we 'll force you '' . 
  stupid austria and your one-syllable politicians starting with k. . . 
  ~ ~ kurz was the pragmatic , no-nonsense hero of the anti-immigration crowd until now though . 
  certainly in no danger of being called a bleeding-heart leftie . 
  whoops . ~ ~, 
  but we only have these cohesion funds for political reasons , not economic ones . 
  the outcome would be similar . 
  no refugee distribution , and no money at all .
