  and gain him some votes i guess . 
  dick . 
  none of this is really the point any more , in fact it 's not about refugees whatsoever now . 
  it 's about them threatening to ignore a binding decision by the commission , which for obvious reasons the eu ca n't just allow . 
  but ... erdogan is the guy who said democracy is a train you exit once you reach your destination . 
  and orban said he wants to build an illiberal democracy . 
  ca n't say they did n't warn you guys . 
  those where decisions do n't go our way . 
  a lot . 
  where the european institutions are all designed to give the big guys less power than they ought to going by size of population or economy alone . 
  maybe if headlines such as these would accurately reflect the situation - at least 5 out of 27 being opposed - people would n't have that impression . 
  we already had that problem during the greek crisis where it was all `` germany this and that '' , while in reality we were part of a big coalition pushing for the same things . 
  the last decades of actual political decisions by the commission disagree with you . 
  but you have a catchy phrase so we 'll go with that . 
   according to the newspaper , germany is not alone in rejecting the european commission 's proposal ; other car manufacturing countries like spain , italy and the czech republic are also trying to slow down reforms in brussels . 
  she could just not spent half her life in his party if she did n't want to be politically connected to the man . 
  very unfair , i know . 
  this is now the 3rd article i see about this , and every one of them put only germany in the title . 
  fair enough to focus on that , but they could at least put `` germany and others '' or something . 
  actually it has fallen by 0.7 % . 
  now if you were * actually * informed you could point to specific crime that has risen and we could have a real discussion about it . 
  but we 're in a post-fact world , so i forgive you for just slinging general crap instead . 
  it 's what the cool kids do . 
  that 's how it is supposed to be phrased before someone gets sentenced by a judge . 
  good journalism . 
  i fully expect you to show the same concern the next time an islamist gets arrested though . 
  it 'd be an / r/europe first . 
  i wonder if the people that upvoted this actually read the article : because what they propose is that instead of facebook just deleting comments or face fines , police and courts need to go after the people that wrote them . 
  which is waaay harsher than the already fairly harsh middle ground maas proposed , and i 'd be surprised to find many people here that agree with it . 
  the `` super sneaky terrorist gun e.v. '', 
  thank god most extremists are grade-a morons . 
  one shot in the leg , situation resolved . 
  pretty cool . 
  not just , no . 
  the allies specifically targeted civilian housing to break morale of the population , kill workers , create a refugee problem etc. 
  because the internet has given previous niches global reach and made physical distribution unnecessary - thus reducing the importance of staying at least somewhat central for business reasons . 
  people like their bubbles , and now even the smallest groups can have theirs . 
  which together with twitter/facebook/forums / comments means political discourse has * never * been this varied and free . 
  which makes the whining all the more annoying . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm too old to pretend to care about someone getting a comment removed by a volunteer mod on a random internet forum . 
  continue feeling oppressed . 
  fucking every day we talk about islam . 
  every day you can go online and read anything from constructive debate to abhorrent racist shit . 
  on all the biggest websites and in all the biggest newspapers . 
  is that what you think censorship looks like ? 
  but yeah sure `` everything in their power '' . 
  this victim complex is getting really really silly . 
  are you really though ? 
  because support for turkish ascension among eu-27 was at 37 % in 2005 , when the process started . 
  it barely went over 50 % in 4 countries : romania , bulgaria , sweden and portugal . 
  and obviously your paper would not have been written if it was some fringe far-right opinion . 
  but i guess we all want to feel special sometimes . 
  well done you !, 
  a position within g20 is not very obscure * at a g20 event * . 
  who are you talking about ? 
  *  her majesty queen m\u00e1xima of the netherlands , un secretary general 's special advocate for inclusive finance for development and honorary chair of the g20 global partnership for financial inclusion * that 's how she was listed . 
  not as accomplished as the rest i suppose , but there for good reason at least . 
  the rest were a bunch of big-name ceos and canada 's foreign minister , so i get why they 'd maybe be a little annoyed with having to entertain someone like ivanka trump , professional daughter . 
  france has `` new '' parties all the damn time . 
  without checking nf might be the oldest party running . 
  if en marche !, 
  is a startup , so were les republicains . 
  but that 's silly of course . 
  the socialists went with a very central guy so the communists gained ~ 5 % , and the conservatives went with an openly corrupt guy so le pen gained ~ 5 . 
  the dramatic language is n't quite necessary . 
  they wo n't forget it , but they can use it as an argument even if only for themselves : `` i 'd never vote for fn of course , but she 's distancing herself from them so it 's totally different * winkwink * '' not that it 'll be enough to change the outcome here . 
  is fdp the equivalent of the lib dems ? 
  because i always see them being pretty popular among british redditors , while fdp is a seen as a bit of an upper class party here and not really compatible with the reddit-demographics . 
  wait which movie is this from ? 
  once you 're out of your early 20s nobody gives a shit what you did in school , just fyi . 
  it 's the worst argument against him . 
  even as someone closer to schulz than merkel , i was a bit disappointed with my fellow voters when he was beating merkel while she was destroying him in terms of perceived competency and all he had going for him was likeability . 
  that 's not how it should work . 
  true . 
  46 % for red-red-green though , so it 's not exactly over . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtsru8qv-ug do n't ask me why this is a thing that happened ... 
  who would read a newspaper that starts a headline like that . 
  have some self-respect . 
  `` french pollsters have always had some trouble with the le pens , but fwiw they 've sometimes missed high instead of low . '', 
  we have been begging the ecb to change their monetary policy for years to allow a higher euro - because it 's too low for us . 
  accusing * us * of artificially lowering the euro is nonsensical . 
  we ca n't , and if we could we would n't . 
  also , it 's assumed that the low euro is responsible for about 1-2 % of the 8 % trade surplus we 're currently running . 
  it 's just one of those easy talking points , screaming `` unfair ! '' . 
  always goes over well . 
  you ca n't slap tariffs on a single country based on some vague `` currency manipulation '' buzzword , and even if you did your example shows why in the modern world it 's an entirely useless thing to do . 
  that 's pretty pointless without an actual proposal on * how * to close it . 
  that 's a pretty big assumption . 
  we do have openly far-right parties , they never go anywhere outside of local elections . 
  in fact we had the same combination of refugee crisis and far-right push before , with the dvu and others in the 80s and 90s . 
  they failed , and a `` nsdap 2.0 '' would fail too . 
  the only reason afd ever got as much traction as it did is because they tried to keep the really ugly shit hidden in the closet . 
  i read a study recently that appreciation of democracy is plummeting among younger people while it remains at pretty much 10/10 among the older people that remember what was before , even if they do have frustrations with it as well . 
  perhaps we took something for granted we should n't have . 
  fdp are the liberal party , so economically close to the cdu ( `` free hand of the market '' ) , but socially progressive . 
  operation `` get afd under 5 % '' proceeding beautifully . 
  fuck me , that 's something else . 
  english media is the only thing capable of making me look fondly at bild . 
  they would n't dream of shit like this . 
  police suspected a far-right connection before that mail .
