  if a parliament is asked , they 're supposed to lift it unless they have a good reason not to . 
  they 're politicians , not kings . 
  but are they published by * french * newspapers , uncensored and without warning ? 
  are there other french politicians who have done the same and were n't prosecuted ? 
  if so you might have a case , but you ca n't just claim something like that without proof . 
  it does n't matter if * you * like the law or not . 
  it exists , she broke it , she 's investigated . 
  how is that discrimination ? 
  ask the french how . 
  it 's not like they made up a law for her . 
  the french would prosecute her , she just had immunity through her seat in the eu parliament . 
  it somewhat makes sense if the specific goal is to de-integrate and replace eu regulations with national ones again . 
  less so if the motivation is `` regulations are bad mkay '' . 
  that 's very depended on where you ( want to ) live and what field you 're working in , but i 'd put both french and german ahead of spanish in european languages . 
  as far as i know german * currently * on average will add the most to your wage , but of course the potential benefit of spanish might be higher due to the amount of speakers . 
  but they 're all `` worth it '' . 
  that 's only ever half of the argument though . 
  there 's a lot of logical things we forbid police from doing . 
  give them a blank cheque and free hand , they could stop/solve almost any crime . 
  but we do n't do that , we try to find a balance between security and civil liberty . 
  racial profiling is very likely illegal as has been ruled lately a number of times . 
  does n't matter whether it `` works '' or not . 
  that does n't mean in practice police will end up not talking race into account at all ( not enforceable anyway ) , it just ca n't be the * only * reason to bother someone . 
  the last court case i heard of was about a black family of 4 that were the only ones to be controlled on a train full of people . 
  no reason at all to do so other than the colour of their skin . 
  that 's the kind of stuff we 're talking about . 
  i do n't see why that should be true , it can also refer to the behaviour of institutions . 
  but in any case then there 's no law explicitly forbidding it like there is in other countries . 
  not really . 
  i think most germans with a black friend probably know that racial profiling exists in practice , while it 's not supposed to be done . 
  that 's one of the classic examples of institutionalized racism . 
  sure you can think that 's not a big deal , but they do have a point with that part . 
  the rest was pretty much all bullshit though . 
  that 's great to hear !, 
  did n't want to sound like an expert on it , i have n't been to sweden in almost a decade and never to rinkeby . 
  those are just the problems i generally see with these kind of places . 
  sure , that would also have been an option . 
  the point is more that * if * we have immigration from these places , you ca n't have a laissez-fair attitude to integration and most western european countries had that for a long , long time . 
  these problems are n't necessarily a forgone conclusion , but often the result of failed policies . 
  everybody pretty much knows those lessons , it 's why city planners do n't build these kind of neighbourhoods any more . 
  it was a nice idea , building cheap social housing via these high rises on the outskirts , but they failed everywhere . 
  look at a place like [ rinkeby ] ( http://imgur.com/bspyhym ) just from a satellite and you can immediately tell it 's going to be a shit place . 
  does n't sound nice , but a neighbourhood only low-income people will be attracted to will always have problems . 
  i grew up in something similar and funnily enough back then the conventional wisdom was that turks may have a big mouth , but it 's the russians that 'll fuck you up . 
  nowadays nobody really cares about them any more . 
  and the junkies were all german . 
  anyway if you want to integrate people , do n't let them live in a place where ~ 90 % of the people have an immigration background . 
  seems fairly self-evident . 
  to me school , work and neighbourhood in that order are the 3 biggest mechanisms for integration , and all of them are closely connected , especially school and neighborhood . 
  you need these people to mix in , but that 's politically difficult to propose and so for decades , it was ignored . 
  the ideologies are n't too different , but i also think maybe more importanly they sell themselves similarly . 
  isis for example specifically `` advertise '' themselves as : you have fucked up your life , but join us , kill some infidels and you can turn it all around and go out as a martyr . 
  that 's why they 're so successful among the late-20s muslims that failed to integrate and have a shitty life , and that 's where the far-right loves to recruit as well . 
  just among guys with white skin instead . 
  the proposition to give your life meaning through that group is the same . 
  because i do n't need the eu to hold my hand and decide what is and is n't good food ? 
  no country in the world does this . 
  stop buying shitty products . 
  there , solved your problem . 
  because it would end up way too intrusive . 
  you ca n't really just say `` your product must have the same quality all throughout the eu '' , that 'd put international companies on unequal footing with local ones . 
  the irish tuna company has to have 70 % real tuna in slovakia because that 's what the french demand , but the slovakian one gets away with 40 % ? 
  bullshit , and probably illegal . 
  in any case easy to get around by just founding a subsidiary and selling under a different brand name . 
  so you 'd have to introduce the same standards everywhere : `` tuna has to have 70 % tuna '' , `` salami pizza needs between 6 and 8 slices '' . 
  do you really want brussels deciding what kind of food you 're allowed to eat ? 
  the eu made it law to have the same declarations of ingredients everywhere . 
  it 's all there . 
  the easiest solution is for eastern europeans to demand better quality or create more competition themselves . 
  there are no double standards . 
  they 're doing it because they can , and they 'd do it here too if they could get away with it . 
  if there is a market for better quality tuna or pizza or washing powder , then why not promote founding a local company to sell it . 
  win win . 
  seems like a perfect opportunity for an eastern european company to form and fill the demand for it . 
  does n't seem possible . 
  how would that even work ? 
  products are regularly different between western markets as well . 
  so how do you define `` bad '' as opposed to `` different '' ? 
  that 's a nightmare to regulate and also seems like significant overreach . 
  let the market handle it . 
  yeah why does this political satire focus on the current president ?!, 
  such bias . 
  it 's not 1850 . 
  you just have to be boring enough to join a carnival club . 
  he seems to have said he worked * with * esa , as an export manager and in a power plant * with * nuclear engineers . 
  that 's perfectly plausible over a time span of 40 years . 
  have you guys considered people above 60 use the internet too ? 
  and might have had 3 different jobs and in 2 different countries ? 
  i know plenty of people in their 30s who have managed that . 
  but nah , who ever heard of retirees in portugal . 
  i do n't even know what that 's supposed to mean . 
  casual fu\u00dfball table , funny mug in english ... so berlin start-up . 
  i mean i get it but maybe go to some countries besides germany and greece sometime ? 
  like ireland or something , nobody cares about the turkish-irish relationship . 
  in the countryside you get a dope house , in munich you get 1 room . 
  in most german cities it will probably get you 50-70m \u00b2 with everything included in a good location though . 
  be careful denmark , there are still bismarcks around . 
  edit : for those that do n't know , the current borders are actually the result of a [ referendum ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tb6bh ) which gave back large parts of schleswig to denmark . 
  was n't perfect , but for 1920 it was pretty much as amicable as it got . 
  there 's still a danish minority in schleswig-holstein who have their own party/newspaper/schools etc , but we 're talking about 50 to 100.000 people .
