  if europe wants to support ukraine financially - do it , let 's give them that 3b a year . 
  why is that the responsibility of german businesses ? 
  good lord . 
  half of europe has closer connections to russia than us , but of course if we talk to them it must be because we want to take over the world again . 
  get some new material . 
  i focused on his banking background to better illustrate that he is arguing from an economic perspective . 
  economists largely believing migration to be beneficial is not exactly a conspiracy . 
  if you could direct me to the lizard men i 'd appreciate it . 
  yeah that 's an ex-banker arguing for the general economic benefits of migration , not a shadowy figure controlling the german media and merkel in order to end whitey . 
  be specific then , how have we been `` working hard to undermine diversification of energy sources '' ? 
  and how exactly is it dead ? 
  last i read most of it is going pretty well . 
  please google multiculturalism . 
  it refers to a specific concept of dealing with multiple cultures , not their existence . 
  you could in fact go full out `` no borders , no nations '' and still not want multiculturalism . 
  neither merkel nor the cdu have ever been proponents of it . 
  what . 
  of course there has been effort , a massive one in fact but it 's not exactly the simplest thing in the world . 
  second of all we get about 35 % of our gas from russia , a couple percent more than the eu average so your talk of `` one supplier '' makes no sense . 
  i think you overestimate how big of a problem germans have with the chancellor working with german industry . 
  no shit if you employ a million germans , have a revenue of 500b and are by yourself responsible for half the countries export surplus - you get courted by politicians . 
  cdu is business friendly , they do n't pretend not to be . 
  the car industry gets away with so much shit because germans largely do n't mind . 
  they 're basically a cultural institution , so it 's easier to look the other way than it is with banks or whatever . 
  meh we 're just bigger so it 's more noticeable . 
  so for an economy our size that 's true , but in exports as % of gdp we come in [ 44th ] ( http://www.theglobaleconomy.com/rankings/exports/ ) , after 20 other european countries . 
  if china slows down we will definitely notice , but then again we made it through the financial crisis quite well so who even knows . 
  uhm ... that 's a brave ? 
  strategy by schulz , seeing as public opinion will be a hell of a lot closer to the cdu position than to his . 
  i do n't think making this a bigger topic will help him , but maybe he 's running out of options at this point . 
  written under an article relying almost entirely on german media as primary sources . 
  people be dumb . 
  german/dutch/french / austrian/british actually . 
  those are not exclusive statements though , so really you did n't differ , 
  he 's doing it because it is incredibly beneficial for him . 
  you could even say it would be a triumph of the will , perhaps . 
  mate we are not iceland , `` ethnic german '' is pretty loose concept . 
  milli vanilli mate . 
  anyway afaik poland is actually already much closer to germany in terms of gdp than they were before ww2 . 
  lot 's of potential still but i 'd say the present is n't too bad . 
  also why does nobody sue isis ?!, 
  those guys are like super illegal . 
  it 's also always a fun time when non-germans try to judge a party - that btw is in a coalition government - based on * one * policy because that 's clearly the extend of their knowledge . 
  it 's even funnier if they fail to know the details of even that policy . 
  i do n't know where this started , but it 's wrong . 
  cdu has moved towards the center for strategic reasons , but they are perfectly capable of proper right-wing politics , and there are huge parts of germany that are quite conservative . 
  for a long time now we have been a relatively central country in both economic and social politics , at least by western european standards . 
  most of the time we fall somewhere in the middle . 
  maybe our right is n't as extreme as elsewhere - but the same goes for the left . 
  it 's not the lefts fault , it 's not based on guilt , it 's just who we are . 
  that 's only because every time you go to a greek restaurant/bar they can not stop giving ouzo away until you 've forgotten the concept of walking . 
  man , did summer vacation start in the us or something ? 
  oh man that seems like the kind of question you should ask before calling people human traffickers . 
  those ngos are in contact with the italian authorities and drop them off at agreed locations . 
  they are n't smuggling anyone , it 's not at all a legal grey area . 
  you just do n't like it . 
  you 're right . 
  wrong is what they are . 
  very obviously . 
  good talk . 
  what kind of sense does that make ?!, 
  maghreb means tunisia , algeria , morocco plus sometimes lybia and mauritania . 
  apart from the last they 're all there , they 're all higher than the number for maghreb . 
  all the averages seem fucked , that 's just the most obvious one . 
  i just want you to know that the whole `` statistics ca n't be x , it 's just data bro '' sound * incredibly * stupid to anyone that has ever even taken a cursory interest in statistics . 
  please stop . 
  a big reason for that is because migration from those countries are also mostly men . 
  well i 'm lazy but i know that for serbia it 's almost entirely men that immigrate . 
  and men are responsible for ~ 97 % of all sexual crimes . 
  so if you compare it to a country with a 50-50 gender split , you can basically straight up half those numbers before considering anything else . 
  so much that it changes the calculation of averages ? 
  damn . 
  uhm , so how is the average of maghreb states significantly lower than every single maghreb country then ? 
  all those averages are super weird . 
  or well , wrong . 
  i know . 
  the point is that immigrants almost all fall under it , the native population does not . 
  overall labour force participation rate in germany is ~ 50 % . 
  there is no problem with the parliament having influence over the appointment of judges . 
  there is a problem if a single party that has been in a very public battle with the supreme court passes a law that allows them to dismiss all judges immediately and replace them with ones more sympathetic to their cause . 
  taking control over the judiciary has been a crucial step for authoritarians and dictators everywhere ( see the purges in turkey for the latest example ) , and this allows pis to do the same . 
  poland now relies on them being nice enough to not exploit the situation and well , good luck with that . 
  the difference to the situation in germany is that the judges are appointed with approval across party lines , are appointed over such a long period of time that the influence of a single government on it 's composition is tiny and dismissing them is very difficult . 
  if the cdu changed a law , fired all of them and replaced them with cdu-friendly judges , you can bet the eu would complain too . 
  as it stands though , that 's for very good reason impossible to do here . 
  * than citizens between 20-64 . 
  * that 's kind of a big caveat . 
  maybe the eu should sanction bayern next . 
  if that meant the uk did n't want to pay anything , talks would be over by now . 
  that was just faux strong man garbage for the brits . 
  seems to have worked . 
  oh yeah we 'll all be evil muslims by then . 
  on the other hand , you 'll still work for us , live off of our charity and steal our shit , i 'm sure . 
  what else are you gon na do , stand on your own feet ? 
  someone had to shake up our crime landscape . 
  leaving it all to you eastern euros was getting a bit boring . 
  but hey , inferior cultures right ? 
  what can you do . 
  western europe is actually the most positively regarded region in the world , 
  3 because the current budget goes up to 2020 , so that would likely be the minimum required i suppose .
