  i get pride in culture , but dude . 
  it 's just bricks . 
  you bend over for them if you want , i 'd rather not set our policies based on terrorists opinions . 
  . . but your own government is also the `` ruling elite '' . 
  everyone involved is , that 's a cheap deflection . 
  international media , constitutional experts , the european parliament , commission , council . 
  politicians in germany and the us , a bunch of your own former presidents , former judges , your political opposition and your own damn supreme court have the same opinion . 
  i guess orban does n't see a problem , but i assume we have different opinions on whether that 's a good or bad indication . 
  article 2 of the eu treaty . 
  the right to sanction eu members based on it is outlined in article 7 . 
  in your case it 's just `` rule of law '' though , no biggie . 
  if you are `` against immigration '' , you look at places like sweden and germany to fail . 
  the current political battle about immigration , asylum , islam etc. 
  is fought on the back of those nations . 
  it 's a little sad , but it 's not about the countries themselves , do n't take it too personal . 
  it does have that right if a member state is in violation of the basic principles . 
  which i 'd find a little embarrassing , but oh well . 
  probably . 
  at least there would be more accountability . 
  the us is bombing in like 7 countries and half the people do n't even know . 
  that 's a grim future . 
  eternal , low-key war . 
  yes but in 10 years we 'll have build a robot to go around and light them . 
  behind apple ... lol . 
  that 's what i mean by vw needing to invest in marketing . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't think tesla is a scam . 
  they do good things and those happen to be very flashy . 
  but vw pumps out a dozen `` world firsts '' a year . 
  but they 're often enough tiny , or important but boring . 
  that 's innovation too . 
  tesla can focus on the big jumps and in the meantime run on promises , if vw did the same they 'd be bankrupt in a couple years . 
  as evs slowly become actually economically viable , tesla will transition to a more traditional company , and vw and co. will increase spending on it and catch up . 
  the fact that daimler upped research spending on it by 100m instead of 2b or whatever tells you there is no panic . 
  http://www.autonews.com/article/20160221/oem06/302229977/vw-led-auto-r&amp;d-spending-in-15 volkswagen 15.3 billion , ahead of toyota at 9.2 . https://ycharts.com/companies/tsla/r_and_d_expense testla : 214 million last quarter . 
  you were talking about innovation , not electric vehicles . 
  is everything else not innovation now ? 
  not everyone can run on loans and hype , some companies have to make a profit . 
  vw is actually spending more on r & d than any other company , 15 times as much as tesla , and is considered the most innovative car maker . 
  i suppose they need to up their reddit marketing game though . 
  it 's actually smaller than the next two countries combined , which are italy and the netherlands . 
  did no one read the fu ** ing treaties , i swear to god . 
  it 's blocky because the lower red part is a historic `` speicher '' , a very typical building for hamburg that had to stay . 
  the stuff on top is build in a way that 's supposed to reflect the `` mood '' in the city by taking in the light of the river/sky . 
  personally i think it 's a unique silhouette , while still fitting in very nicely with the surroundings . 
  looks great in real life to me , at least . 
  but how great it looks highly depends on the lighting . 
  not that i would 've paid that much for it , but oh well . 
  i assume nobody ever bothered to put them on there since we do n't get anyone from there anyway . 
  but yes , that 's what it is . 
  `` technically '' morocco and co. might not be safe countries of origin by the legal definition , but in the current situation it would make sense to kinda squint a bit and put them on there anyway . 
  like we did with ghana . 
  so nobody is really wrong . 
  it 's just politics . 
  right , but being a tourist who spends sweet euros is different from living there as political opposition/gay/ethnic minority or something . 
  basically if we define a country as safe , that means we assume there is * no * persecution that 'd make someone eligible for asylum . 
  so if you 're from belgium for example and you apply for asylum here you 'd need to make a veeeery strong case because we 're going to start with the assumption that it 's bullshit . 
  so the debate is basically at which point can we say there is `` no '' persecution and a country is safe . 
  with morocco for example , we give asylum to 8,2 % of people applying currently . 
  that 's certainly very little , but obviously our asylum agency thinks some people are persecuted . 
  so is that low enough to call it safe or not ? 
  safe countries used to basically just be the western world , but with the current pressure there 's plans to increase that pretty massively . 
  we added the balkan states already , and now there 's a law proposed that would add morocco , tunisia and algeria . 
  bavaria proposed even more . 
  some state governments are n't on board with that . 
  i really do n't care who is out of touch with what who said something that sounds silly 14 months later , i 'd rather just debate issues . 
  whether morocco is a safe country or not is n't as easy a question as it 's made out to be . 
  it 's not outrageous that one party would disagree . 
  in the end as the issue is with deportation it is a moot point anyway . 
  declaring them safe will not make them easier . 
  deportation agreements are what the discussion should be about . 
  as long as we do n't have them it barely matters . 
  weird headline ? 
  there are no north african countries that are deemed `` safe countries of origin '' . 
  that law is currently being blocked in the bundesrat , primarily by the greens . 
  man even if you 'd agree with the message , that 's a terrible comic . 
  how much more on the nose can you be . 
  it tends to do that every couple of decades . 
  there are actual far-right extremists and neo-nazis in the world . 
  this is them . 
  google it and stop with the victim complex , it 's embarrassing . 
  perhaps it 's better to compare it to the state income . 
  for tunisia that 'd be 9.2 billion , meaning german foreign aid is equivalent to 3 % . 
  that 's pretty significant . 
  are you serious ? 
  it was one politician , thanking the police and then saying `` we need to question whether the police acted in proportion '' . 
  after which she was faced with a week long shit storm from all sided and was insulted by politicians and media alike . 
  that 's your example of people being called racist ? 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  she was the one who was insulted and told to shut up for her politically incorrect opinion . 
  you might have a slight bias . 
  `` sometimes the only winning move is not to play '' . 
  i have my issues with her , but on this ? 
  i 'm glad the grown up is the one in charge of my country . 
  if she was there 'd be no need for his bullshit . 
  its a column in one oft the biggest and most respected newspapers in the country , using official police statistics available as a pdf online . 
  wtf more do you want . 
  so do you not wonder to yourself how you get those numbers when they 're `` suppressed '' ? 
  i know it 's always more fun if you can pretend to be above the sheep and uncover some dark secret , but come on . 
  and neither is it done to cdu , fdp or green voters . 
  maybe it 's then not some left-right dichotomy like you keep insisting , but * specific * to the idiocy of afd ?
