  it 's your buddies that pop the champagne every time it happens . 
  stop pretending to know anything about france . 
  they have like 5m people working in the public sector , so 120.000 is actually not that much . 
  it 's just exit polls being in line with the normal polls . 
  so the 1 % chance le pen had before today just dropped to . . uh . . i do n't know because i doubt someone making up 25 % from exit polls + regular polls has ever happened anywhere . 
  as far as i understand it , it 's the result of automation and a pivot toward electric cars who are going to be build in germany after all . 
  because the cheaper vws have n't been very profitable . 
  those cuts are also going to be done via ( early ) retirement , people quitting naturally etc. 
  they actually committed to firing no one . 
  right , but you 're not going to decrease production to cover those fines either . 
  i 'd assume as long as sales are good , the actual workers will be fine . 
  the non-essential stuff will be getting cut if necessary . 
  eh , sales have gone up since the scandal . 
  ca n't wait for this election to be over so all you weirdos leave again . 
  the budget rises all the time . 
  having it rise 5 % instead of 4 % for the next couple of years and not building some road in bulgaria is n't going to become some massive issue , sorry . 
  everyone assumes this , while to me history can also show that right now we are at the height of this . 
  it 's very often been a couple years after a ( economic ) crisis , shortly after things started to get better when extremists did the best . 
  there 's a bit of a lag . 
  that 's now . 
  there 's no need to be defeatist . 
  infowars so i assume the conclusion was `` a gay frog '' ? 
  please have more respect for yourself . 
  they were incredibly accurate for the first round . 
  mcdonalds operates with franchises , they do n't open restaurants that make losses . 
  they are there because the owner makes a profit . 
  and d\u00f6ner shops or pizzerias all do fine without any corporation behind them . 
  the fact is that 90 % of german imbisses were pure garbage , so they went away and got replaced with something better . 
  luckily . 
   also for other cities around the world . 
  yeah i 'd rather just be allowed to eat what i want . 
  do n't you mean ( ( ( rothschild ) ) ), 
  no we do n't , we 're the best at arrogance . 
  i think merkel an extraordinary politician . 
  very clever , very competent , quite likeable in her down-to-earthness in a time where everybody talks about `` elites exploiting the people '' . 
  but i do wish she would more often do what is right no matter how difficult , rather than what is clever within the game of politics . 
  that 's to me the mark of a truly great politician , and something she 's not done often enough considering the length of her chancellorship . 
  i think we 've been fairly blessed with our chancellors overall though , so mostly this is complaining on a high level . 
  she kept the ship upright , and that 's enough to be seen as a positive overall . 
  ... i actually went to greece 3 times since that crisis partly for that reason . 
  which i know is a little silly , but i found out greece is awesome anyway so who cares . 
  10/10 would recommend . 
  yeah , no issue with those institutions being right-leaning . 
  but extremists , meaning people not loyal to the constitution , should have no place there . 
  i mean fair enough , democratic will and all that . 
  but i do worry that a time like this , one of huge decisions , is the absolute worst time to have a weak opposition . 
  tories are going push through so much shit they 'd never get away with under normal circumstances . 
  explain why the results and impressions of a private meeting have to stay secret to allow `` intelligent meaningful discourse '' . 
  i did not argue for cameras at the table . 
  as far as i understand she called that meeting , in the middle of the election season she caused , after having been told many many times that there could be no expectation of secrecy . 
  if she did n't predict junker using this , she 's very far out of her depth . 
  i 'm not sure i buy that . 
  i 'd assume she 's fine with how this went despite increasing the chances of a hard brexit . 
  so i 'm not as optimistic as you . 
  i doubt it . 
  it 's her main campaign argument : give me power to fend of the evil eu . 
  claiming this , while further antagonizing the eu , will have her gain votes . 
  it 's `` smart '' , not for britain but for her . 
  pretty catastrophic in regards to the negotiations , but oh well . 
  ehhh ... maybe . 
  it 'd be the first 3-party-coalition on the federal level . 
  cdu and fdp would likely be on board , but with the greens it 's not so easy . 
  they have moved towards the middle in the recent past , but were historically * very * far away from fdp ( economically ) and still have politicans categorically saying it 's not gon na happen . 
  so it 's possible , but not probable and would likely be quite unstable too with the current numbers . 
  i think cdu would likely prefer spd again . 
  nobody ever copies the concepts of the well-functioning countries , it 's always some dumb , outdated strong-man presidential garbage . 
  but hey maybe poland bucks the trend . 
  you cut half of his statement , which is him saying they see it as * bad for the eu * . 
  agree or disagree with it , that 's a perfectly legitimate motivation . 
  the eu gets ~ 80 % of their funds from those state budgets , and that 's also where the new money would come from . 
  seems relevant enough for me . 
  should be easy enough to do the math and see that this is not going to lead to some major political fallout and the eu ending ( ... seriously now ) . 
  it increases every year , and the net spending fluctuates pretty heavily for everyone too . 
  no apocalypse so far . 
  12 % sure sounds bad , but i mentioned gdp to illustrate that the eu budget is actually tiny - 1 % of gdp compared to the 40-50 % of the nations . 
  and thus making up for one country leaving is not exactly an insurmountable task that could bring the entire union to it 's knees . 
  it is so little that you might get some angry politician or two , but no regular person will even notice . 
  christ , you pay 5b a year - aka 0.03 % of eu-gdp . 
  how could be possibly go on without it , it 's just impossible . 
  maybe you will be downvoted because you 've added nothing of value and instead just moaned about the sub ? 
  what do you expect exactly , applause ? 
  why not , if you filter out the negativity it boils down to him saying the eu is very competent at these type of negotiations and got exactly what it wanted . 
  which is not new , and not a bad thing from where we are sitting . 
  i feel you had to try * really really * hard to interpret it that way . 
  [ november 2000 . 
  ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/cdu-von-deutscher-leitkultur-zur-leitkultur-deutschlands-112742.html ) it 's always been a controversial word and that has n't changed , but you ca n't really call it a neo-nazi thing if it was introduced and defended by some of the biggest cdu-names . 
  i 'm sure someone somewhere called merz a nazi for it , but that 's not representative of the discussion . 
  hence `` brought into the mainstream '' . 
  anyway if you know this and are presumably old enough to remember the discussion and leading cdu politicians ( including friggin merkel ) using it , why pretend like it was a nazi-thing ? 
  it 's a conservative thing , that 's it . 
  remember friedrich merz , cdu politician ? 
  he 's the one who brought it into the mainstream in the first place , ~ 15 years ago . 
  they 've used it ever since . 
  this is one of the most moronic things i 've seen a german minister do , it 's kind of incredible . 
  whatever ones opinion on the general discussion about `` leitkultur '' , i do n't think there 's a single person who thought this should be done by one politican/party , coming down the mountain with a 10 point list like he 's fucking moses , defining german culture for us all with silly platitudes . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  it has to come from the people itself . 
  or if politics * has * to get involved , it should have been a huge discussion with the entire parliament working together on a consensus . 
  not the state department telling their interns to cobble something together real quick . 
  it 's stupid , actually quite offensive * and * obviously will not do a single thing other than annoy some people like me .
