  bit of an inferiority complex there ? 
  the same thing has been stated by hundreds of different officials from all over europe by now . 
  she was asked so she answered , that happens from time to time . 
  this is one weird fight to pick - by you . 
  if you want to call that fighting , we sided with the majority of countries on all issues . 
  same way merkel is just reiterating the stance of eu as a whole regarding brexit . 
  who are we fighting with ? 
  why is political humour from right wingers always borderline retarded ? 
  you 'd imagine people so proud of culture would be a bit better at creating it . 
  so like 40b surplus , from the total surplus of almost 300b , or about 1 % of gdp ? 
  seems a relevant point to make , and i do n't think `` pretty balanced '' is far off . 
  the problem with that is that a world outside of europe exist , and especially in manufacturing ( which we try really hard to keep ) that 's at least as relevant to germany as the other eu countries . 
  this was before the crash . 
  in relative terms wages rose quickly in italy , while productivity has been more or less stagnant for a long time . 
  so while production in germany became cheaper , in italy it became more and more expensive . 
  german manufacturing salaries are 4th highest in the world , afaik . 
  that is if you 're like properly employed by vw or someone similar . 
  i think the basic idea is that you limit it to short-term unemployment only . 
  so if a country enters a crisis/economic downturn and unemployment rises sharply , it would automatically trigger fiscal transfers from the other countries and act as a stabilizing mechanism . 
  oh i get that , i was just confused by the word . 
  it 's just another policy choice , and in that sense then all wages are artificially kept high or low or right in the middle . 
  we did though , at least for now . 
  have to wait and see if it continues . 
  your graph ends in 2012 . 
  spain , greece and italy had their wages rise faster than their productivity . 
  they have ( had ) the opposite problem , so that comparison is not very good . 
  also worth mentioning that we had some of the highest labour costs in the world before that period of slow growth . 
  what does artificially even mean in this context . 
  a regular treaty change needs to be ratified by every member state , which would involve either a vote in parliament etc. 
  or even a referendum . 
  a minor change has to be agreed unanimously by the council , and all parliaments of the member states can object . 
  it 'd be a big headache and absolutely everyone would get time to have a say , no sneaky stuff possible . 
  she was just asked and gave a vague answer . 
  i still doubt anyone will push for it in the current climate . 
  maybe in a couple years . 
  the plan apparently is for both cabinets to meet next month and come up with a plan so macron has something real going into elections , and then try and get that started next year on a european level . 
  it 's just preliminary talks , it helps to not do it with 27 governments right away . 
  goodbye eurobonds . 
  now maybe we can focus on actually achievable things . 
  the `` brexit bill '' is the process of settling each others commitments . 
  you have committed to eu budgets , you have participated financial assistance programs , you are obligated to pay pensions - that does n't just go away because you say `` fuck it '' as a country any more than it would for you as a normal person . 
  you have long committed to this speding , and it 's not blackmail any more than your landlord insisting on you paying your rent until your lease is up , even if you decide to move out beforehand . 
  you not understanding why you have to pay something does n't make it blackmail . 
  ... what . 
  that 's exactly the reason there is a `` bill '' . 
  investment is rising , consumption is rising , wages are rising , tax breaks are announced - it had very little effect on the surplus that also rose regardless . 
  that 's his point , and it 's a correct one . 
  the `` ca n't get germans to spend '' thing is just an old , unfunny joke . 
  btw , even to the eu commission there are 6 countries with worse imbalances than us , and trade surplus with the euro-area has already decreased from 60 % to 20 % over the last decade . 
  the current boom is based on low oil price and strong demand from the rest of the world , not politics and not the euro . 
  it 'll go down again . 
  it 's getting a little silly how much shit we 're catching . 
   german attitude of using the eurozone as a vehicle for its interests uh ... you got us ? 
  that 's what everyone does . 
  do you think spain wants euro bonds to help out greece , or maybe as `` a vehicle for its interests '' ? 
  it would be fairly shocking if a representative of german entrepreneurs is not interested in the well being of the german economy . 
  or maybe i 'm wrong , this is actually reprehensible , and then i have also just figured out why other countries are struggling to badly . 
  it 's shit all money for the state , but it 's a lot of money for students who do n't have parents to help out and rely on baf\u00f6g ( ~ 7000 $ a year ) . 
  it lowers the amount of students in the state , it increases inequality in education . 
  we know this by now . 
  so yes , it makes them idiots . 
  i see no point in continuing this , it 's just he said she said . 
  what does interfere even mean , how 'd they do that ? 
  they were asked by mrcc to rescue that ship , who then after they reached it informed them the libyan coast guard would take over . 
  they did , and took the migrants on board . 
  so how did the ngo interfere ? 
  they were there first , coordinated with the proper authorities . 
  if you believe some 25 year old volunteers would actually try and `` take them '' from the libyan military ... okay . 
  do you have a source for ngos regularly entering libyan waters ? 
  because they coordinate everything with the italian maratime rescue center and apart from accidents it should not happen . 
  the ngo in question btw also denied it happened in libyan waters . 
  we would not stop rescuing him though , we 'd carry on while searching for another solution , and would not stop until we find one . 
  mare nostrum ended 2014 and the eu pulled back right after . 
  sea watch was founded 2015 , sos mediterranee was founded 2015 , proactiva open arms was founded 2016 . 
  see the trend there ? 
  and btw , that incident happened right at the border of libyan waters , which ngos do not enter . 
  if the libyan coast guard was capable of controlling their search and rescue area , none of this would be happening . 
  those ngos came there because the libyan coast guard is incapable of patrolling their sar zone and the eu pulled back , leaving nobody to respond to anybody . 
  if that were changed and libya functional again ( the eu is trying ) , the ngos would leave as fast as they came . 
  that 's not exactly the behaviours of human traffickers , is it ? 
  the eu ordered frontex to stay back , that 's the only reason ngos are there now . 
  the eu wanted to use hundreds of drowning migrants as a deterrent - so short of shooting them yourself , how could they get more extreme than that ? 
  why would that matter ? 
  it does n't matter in any other situations . 
  we save people that deliberately put themselves in dangerous situations , we save suicidal people , criminals , idiots . 
  the only reason it matters to people here is because they do n't want them to actually reach europe . 
  which is fair enough , but lets not pretend it 's not still sea rescue . 
  because of course it is . 
  if you drown of the german coast , you 'll get rescued by an ngo too . 
  people from the industry organizing and funding sea rescue is a century old tradition . 
  whether or not they are a ferry service depends on politics , not them . 
  they are n't allowed to drop them off in libya , and they operate there because nobody else does . 
  and here i though v4 was mostly famous for not being able to agree on anything outside the refugee crisis ( and even there , barely ) . 
  or you know , conservatives find somebody not blatantly corrupt and le pen misses the second round altogether because even if macron changes absolutely nothing , france might well be in better shape 5 years from now . 
  no way to predict this . 
  what we do know is that even under almost perfect conditions , she got smacked down * hard * . 
  wealth is super correlated with home ownership , and that 's very low in germany . 
  ( ~ 50 % compared to 75 % in greece ) . 
  no shit guy , the question is ** how ** to do it legally . 
  welcome to the discussion from two years ago though , clearly you are very concerned and not just fishing for votes or something .
