  either way , not a good show . 
  we are n't more reliant , we 're growing less reliant naturally and north stream would n't change a thing about it . 
  the current pipelines already are n't at capacity anyway . 
  the reason gas was excluded is because it 's huge impact not just on russia , but on us too . 
  specifically targeting companies by stopping development of future oil/gas sources , blocking access of companies and people involved in energy * did * impact them - but it did so without having a hugely negative impact on our economies and regular people on either side . 
  because you know , smart people came up with them after having discussed these things with each other , instead of the us senate imposing them on everyone unilaterally . 
  us foreign policy has been one disastrous fumble after another for decades now . 
  a bit of inaction would do you a world of good . 
  ah come on , you 're better than that . 
  your article :  eu will not export a wide range of oil industry technology . 
    three major state oil firms are targeted : rosneft , transneft and gazprom neft , the oil unit of gas giant gazprom . 
  if you are n't aware that they did impact the energy market then maybe stop talking and start googling . 
  no important country has a foreign policy based on morals . 
  that 's for countries like norway . 
  the long term-plan is and always will be to bring russia back to the table , and that has way more benefits than just money . 
  if you want to pick a part that is vital , pick oil . 
  that 's like 10 times as big a source of revenue for them . 
  i wonder why that was n't on the table . 
  maybe because it would fuck with your economy instead of just ours ? 
  maybe because you 're looking to export gas to europe and not oil ? 
  thank you for your service . 
  sanctions barely ever work anyway , but if you do want them to succeed you need to chose those that hurt them more than us . 
  energy sanctions * would * hurt russia , but they 'd also hurt us quite a bit . 
  targeting those sectors by denying them access to our banks or blocking exports to screw with their long-term energy projects like we have done instead is a lot more one sided . 
  there have never been sanctions on energy , so there is nothing to drop . 
  there are a million ways to sanction russia that both us and eu can agree on , and to assume they chose the one that most helps us companies and jobs by accident is naive . 
  it 's because as you put it money . 
  i 'm not forgetting about them , and it 's about deploying brigades , not establishing them . 
  the simply fact is that unless you want to station truly massive amounts of troops in the baltic , russia will always be faster and always be able to field more troops more easily . 
  we ca n't change geography . 
  it 's a similar situation to western germany during the cold war . 
  there was no defending it despite ( huge ) nato presence , it was all about deterrence . 
  or in the event of a war , slowing down the advance . 
  before the recent bolstering of troops the estimate iirc was that it would take russia ~ 2 days to take the baltic states . 
  even now , i highly doubt it 's enough to dead in their tracks . 
  probably because the honest answer is that nato would lose * a lot * of territory in the east if russia wants a full-scale war no matter what the reaction time is . 
  it could only reconquer it later . 
  not the answer you want to give in a nice promotional video . 
  edit : i found [ this ] ( http://www.rand.org/pubs/research_reports/rr1629.html ) study about uk , france and germany deploying in the baltics though , but no idea how accurate it is . 
  in short , about a month for a full armoured brigade each . 
   british army conclusions   * the british army can provide an armored task force within 30 days and would require 30 and 90 days to scale up to a full armored brigade . 
   * britain should be able to sustain at least one armored brigade indefinitely , although there are lingering doubts associated with the undermanned nature of the adaptive force , which will be called upon to provide units to relieve the units of the reactive force . 
    french army conclusions   * france can probably field one medium or heavy battalion task force within a week . 
  generating the equivalent of a full armored brigade probably would take several weeks to a month . 
   * the toll of france 's ongoing operations -- especially operation sentinelle -- on french army readiness introduces a significant degree of uncertainty regarding france 's capacity to sustain a brigade and that brigade 's proficiency . 
  this uncertainty will linger until france finds a way to lighten the load currently carried by its ground forces , particularly in the army 's homeland security role , while also growing the overall size of the force . 
    german army conclusions   * the german army most likely would require a week or more to mobilize an armored battalion ; a full brigade probably would take a month . 
   * because the germans will have to strip other units of equipment to provide for an armored brigade , they will have a hard time fielding a larger force or engaging in other operations until equipment shortages are addressed . 
  this is 4 months old and was [ discussed ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5smci9/most_europeans_want_immigration_ban_from/ ) on here . 
  you might also want to hide your [ intention ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/6gyzwl/february_survey_of_10000_people_from_10_eu/diuekye/?context=3 ) a bit better . 
  sure , nobody knows yet who that guy is ( apart from `` 37 year old german '' ) and what his background is , what i mean is that this apparently was n't a terrorist attack . 
  since bbc does n't mention it ( yet ) , and i know it 'll come to mind for a lot of people : the reason police was so quick to say it 's not terrorism is that it happened as a result of a random police check . 
  edit : apparently police was called there because of a fight . 
  during the check he then attacked the police , somehow managed to steal the gun of one of them and shot the police women in the head while slightly injured two others before her partner managed to shoot the guy . 
  description is `` 37 year old german , unknown to the police '' . 
  race is not in use as a concept any more really . 
  [ regional inequality ] ( http://imgur.com/lhmkcbl ) is worse in the uk than anywhere else in western europe . 
  it 's worse than germany , despite 30 % of the country living under communism for 40 years . 
  other countries might have similar population centres , but the centralization of wealth is n't as bad as in the uk . 
  there 's some serious neglect of the peripheral areas in the uk which explains a lot of the anger , while from the outside you 'd think everything should be going alright considering gdp ( growth ) and whatnot . 
  what ? 
  they have n't risen in like 5 years , change your provider . 
  ignoring relationships , we should care about not increasing the chances of ( large-scale ) war , so israel needs to be considered as much as the other big regional players . 
  - iran is actually determined to fight salafi terrorism . 
  sa is not . 
  and while iran has their own extremists they support - not to sound too cold - they have barely been an issue in europe . 
  - iran as a normal mixed economy has a vested interest in stability in the region , as it would be hugely beneficial to them . 
  sa does n't really care , oil always sells . 
  - sa is basically extremists ruling over even worse extremists , there is nothing to improve or work towards . 
  it 's terrible now and at some point it will all go tits up . 
  iran has a significant amount of moderates and there is at least the * chance * to move the country towards the west ideologically . 
  the big issue is israel and their concerns over iran . 
  not only their security , but also how they might pre-emptively react to a stronger iran . 
  war is a possibility there . 
  but it 's the middle east , it always is . 
  to be clear i do n't really advocate aligning ourselves completely with them . 
  but i would like to see the eu telling the us to sod off and bring iran back into the fold , moderating between the 3 ( 4 ? 
  who knows ) sides and accepting their help where it makes sense - like in the fight against terror . 
  it 's obviously biased ( a critical friend with no human rights issues , sure sure ) , but i agree with the general sentiment . 
  but let 's be honest , siding with iran would be in opposition to the us so that 's not going to happen . 
  they 'll play more stupid games , we 'll either help or at best manage to stay out of it , and nothing will improve . 
  oh sure . 
  who argued for no border controls ? 
  the / s was necessary then , huh ? 
  okay let me spell it out for you : yes , i lock my door . 
  but we also try to prevent crime from happening in the first place . 
  what you are arguing is that we do n't need to do that as long as i keep my apartment secure enough . 
  but of course in reality it 's much more efficient to pay for police and other types of crime prevention , rather that say `` fuck that i do n't need any help '' and go buy a massive steel door and a shotgun . 
  and the best way to stop that is to stop them from ever leaving , with the help of countries like libya or nigeria . 
  by them controlling their borders and also by fighting push factors . 
  obviously border control is important , but i ca n't see why this should be an either-or type scenario . 
  both . 
  oh i sit up with a shotgun . 
  we abolished policing break ins because `` svorkies door control should not be in the hands of the police '' . 
  you also need to remember than the left had been getting shat on for a while . 
  labour had n't been in power in 17 years , spd in 16 years , democrats in 12 . 
  `` old school '' leftism got you nowhere . 
  and for all the criticism of the new left , they were ( partly ) responsible for a huge amount of socially progressive policies that were overdue at that point . 
  what exactly is the issue with trying to prevent illegal migration from happening at it 's starting point ? 
  nigeria is also a mostly stable country though , with interest and means to help curtail illegal migration .
