  this is truly one of the most stupid popular opinions on reddit . 
  we 're a very centrist country and have been for a long time . 
  you can argue about her decision in summer 2015 , but that 's the only point at which her policies could be described as left . 
  the turkey/afghanistan deals , pushing for more and faster deportations , strikter asylum laws , pushing a european asylum system - none of these things are popular with the left . 
  her problem is 1 ) image , in that everyone judges her by one decision and 2 ) she 's just the german chancellor . 
  she has to compromise with the spd in her government , all the state governments who have a lot of power in this , and the rest of the eu . 
  if the cdu just got to do what they wanted to , they 'd be much more liked on here . 
  well the chief dickhead he was i 'm contact with got arrested for it , its not like we are doing nothing . 
  justice is slow . 
  oh no sorry , not to my knowledge . 
  was just an example of a small , but influential party . 
  take a look at the actual work they do as opposition in the landtage . 
  clown fiesta . 
  thank god they have no chance to be part of the government , we 'd be in a lot of trouble . 
  lmao . 
  as if the afd had the base competency necessary to solve these issues . 
  they just scream the loudest , they know very well themselves why they have no interest in actually governing . 
  shit 's hard , and people might realize why half their guys failed in other , more serious parties . 
  this is europe , not the us . 
  a couple million go a long way for most parties here , it does n't matter if russia is `` almost bankrupt '' . 
  they absolutely can afford to pay off every shitty party they want . 
  a party like die linke in germany will spend 10m on the bundestagswahl , total . 
  in the biggest eu country . 
  this also betrays your first point about '' everyone does it '' . 
  even slovakia could afford to exert significant influence if they wanted to , its dirt cheap . 
  somehow not every party is 95 % foreign-financed , however . 
  hmm . 
  the internet has also made propaganda dirt-cheap , btw . 
  damn did you get that from the official police professionalism ranker 4000 ? 
  are you saying its different in the netherlands and you guys would be doing the manhunt yourself ? 
  the hell is even your point with that strikethrough . 
  i think you mean billions man , stay factual . 
  in modern society we pay professionals to deal with the situation , so that regular citizens have the time to sing a song if they like . 
  that 's still just platitudes . 
  what did you read , how was it flawed ? 
  have you read some of them then , or just heard about it from le stem master race students ? 
  the topic was education . 
  keep going to those classes . 
  oh your one of those guys . 
  nevermind . 
  seems like higher education to me . 
  unless you think a random hauptsch\u00fcler would have much fun with luhmann or adorno . 
  can you ? 
  from my experience they have a much , much higher proportion of university students and abiturienten . 
  not if you know bild , no . 
  they make it pretty easy . 
  its an important argument no matter how much you hate it . 
  it does n't mean you should ignore terror . 
  but since there are reactions to terror ranging from very severe ( let 's start two wars in the middle east over it ) to medium ( let 's declare a state of emergency ) to mild . 
  its important to try and keep a sense of proportion . 
  terror is scary , but by definition the real danger is in our reaction to it , so we have to try and keep a calm head . 
  how much are we willing to change society over it , basically . 
  you apparently want to outlaw islam or something , which would see us abandon our constitution , would n't work , and likely make things much worse . 
  might not be pc enough for you , but there are indeed smart and stupid people , and smart and stupid arguments . 
  you still drive though , presumably like most people without being terrified all the time . 
  despite odds of getting into a car accident being monstrously higher than becoming a victim of terror . 
  in other words , your actions are not significantly influenced by fear but instead by a semi-rational risk-benefit-analysis . 
  because fear !, 
  will lead to rational arguments , i 'm sure . 
  doubt it . 
  we 've seen this several times . 
  do n't want to sensationalize things , but i think its more likely he planned to die and bolted after the polish driver fucked up his plan by diverting the lorry early on . 
  best case scenario he 's fleeing , worst case he 's looking for another way to go out as a martyr . 
  christ you 're dimwitted . 
  really ? 
  is this site reliable ? 
  why steal a truck in germany and drive it to spain ? 
  i did n't say they do n't care , i said they did n't let it impact their lives . 
  do you have a point you can make without twisting my words to trot out the `` germans are maniacs '' shtick ? 
  i know you like that one . 
  how so , specifically ? 
  i see zero change . 
  and being in berlin currently , people are very cool-headed too . 
  short `` how awful '' , then back to business as usual . 
  even if that were correct , the entire government should resign over incompetence by berlin state police ? 
  he used to be a random fdp member but has risen to the national stage since joining afd . 
  so reality does not agree with you . 
  he 's apparently denying having anything to do with it , which is odd considering the usual behaviour of islamist terrorists . 
  yeah brave . 
  also just happens to be the best strategy to gain votes for him , coincidentally . 
  dont know if he got asylum . 
  anyone can apply , that 's how it works . 
  whatever the actual number her choice added was , she did not encourage `` millions '' to make the trip . 
  the crisis existed long before , in case you forgot . 
  and while it unfortunately did increase the total number , it also still reduced it in europe outside of germany compared to what a very strict stance wouldve done . 
  i 'm sorry i know she 's not very popular here , but if you want to directly connect someone to the murder of 12 people , you better get this stuff right . 
  its not the lightest of accusations . 
  february was a good six months after the height of it , as well as after reinstated border controls and strengthened asylum laws . 
  someone that got here in february would 've gotten into pretty much any other eu country or into germany under any other chancellor . 
  we have strict immigration policies , actually . 
  nobody else did , but i have to huh ? 
  police does not comment on which assholes provoke their presence . 
  believe what you want . 
  i just tried to inform this sub of reality , seems people did n't like it much . 
  thank god , you americans are much more criminal than the refugees after all . 
  thank you for your service . 
  no it does n't , you just block out the rest . 
  remember the munich shooter for example ? 
  but never let a good crisis go to waste , right ? 
  it 's actually more in case the far right shows up to protest / `` patrol '' , in which case of course the far left will also show up .
