  what a great plan . 
  throw away your dictatorship-like approval ratings and rock-solid 42 % stranglehold on parliament in the hopes that in 15 years immigrants will prefer your party for some unspecified reason . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  i 'm sorry is this satire . 
   cdu may be right wing but not on migration . 
  oh yes they are . 
  he 's the quick solution . 
  respected across the board , more experience than almost anyone , weirdly very popular . 
  but as you said , old . 
  the plan is clearly for merkel to stay on for another term so there is no ready-made successor , but should she suddenly decide not to he 's the one who can just step up on short notice and win it without much trouble . 
  for 2017 it 'd be sch\u00e4uble , von der leyen , de maziere in order of likelihood i 'd guess . 
  hard to say though , because nobody has really planned for merkels exit so there 's no heir apparent . 
  closest would 've been kl\u00f6ckner before her defeat in elections , but she 's also too young . 
  i feel like i just answered a question , but you do you , stereotypical teenager on the internet . 
  was n't meant to be an instruction manual am i right guys ? 
  by giving extremist a free platform that allows their opinions a kind of reach they could only dream about 20 years ago . 
  to put it simply : that crazy guy from the neighborhood that everyone used to tell to shut the fuck up already , he 's now online organizing and recruiting , linking up with all the other crazy guys from all the other neighborhoods . 
  and together they 're grooming the less crazy ( young ) guys with slightly off-mainstream opinions . 
  no `` social correction '' anymore . 
  that 's a tad high , but the direct labor cost for producing a 20 $ shirt is like 10 cents or something . 
  so these companies absolutely can afford to offer humane working conditions and good wages in 3rd world countries with virtually no impact on the cost for consumers , and so we should demand it . 
  the uk is one nation , so they compete together . 
  the extra rule in football is for historic reasons , where the uk countries had already organized and founded separate associations decades before fifa came along . 
  england - scotland was the first ever `` international '' game . 
  so when they joined fifa later , they were allowed to stay separate . 
   it does n't matter what she thinks multiculturalism is i 'm sorry , are you drunk ? 
  it does n't matter what she thinks multiculturalism is when she is giving her opinion on what she defines as multiculturalism ? 
  i know you do n't like her but what the fuck kind of argument is that . 
  and i repeat myself : google it , because i do n't feel like continuing this . 
  she rightly thinks `` the presence of different cultures or immigration '' is n't in itself multiculturalism in a political sense . 
  just fucking google it . . 
  multiculturalism is a specific political concept , not simply the presence of different cultures or immigration . 
  so she 's not so much full of shit as you are misunderstanding her point . 
  just google it if you have some time . 
  he is n't going around showing the finger to nazis all the time , it was a reaction to a group of them rushing towards him , hurling insults and most importantly making it personal by involving his father . 
  so he snapped a little . 
  unless the `` pro-sharia crowd '' does something similar i do n't really see the double standard at all , which makes it so funny that * of course * someone would still bring it up anyway . 
  i do n't know you , so i 'm not saying you do it all the time , but it was basically guaranteed someone would . 
  thank god we managed to find a way to bring muslims into this . 
  almost had a thread without it . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry that the biggest story coming out of france is about towns banning a fucking burkini and everyone seems to just love it . 
  talk about politics of distraction . 
  so he does n't leave trash behind , which makes it a bit funny-sad . 
  more than half the us gold medals are from swimming , jesus . 
  puts their dominance into perspective a bit . 
  i 'd be terrified if our politicians would be swayed by a couple thousand people protesting for something , personally . 
  not a danish party , a party of the danish and frisian minority . 
  obviously they have to be citizens to vote , so why would n't we ? 
  they get ~ 20 % in flensburg and 2-4 % statewide . 
  lots of people without german background vote for them as well . 
  what the hell does converted mean ? 
  cities change if the demographic changes . 
  that 's not an active campaign with some sinister motive , it 's just what happens naturally . 
  cities are what the population makes of it . 
  flensburg has a very large danish minority , they have their own party , and shops and newspapers . 
  that 's common in border cities so i do n't get your example at all . 
  do you want to forbid turkish shops ? 
  the current biggest group of immigrants is from eastern europe btw . 
  but bulgarians and romanians are kinda foreign looking i guess . 
  duisburg , a city of ~ 500.000 has a population of ethnic turks of about 38.000 . 
  it does have a large amount of non-germans or people with a migratory background , but it 's not a `` turkish city '' . 
  that 's the kind of riveting analysis i come here for . 
  it 's not an excuse , but if you say `` to attack one [ of us ] is to attack all '' , you have to define a group . 
  eu and nato would be the obvious ones , but that 's not it . 
  so what is ? 
  european ? 
  so are russia and belarus . 
  possible membership in the eu ? 
  that goes for georgia , armenia and azerbaijan just as well . 
  one of what ? 
  ukraine is neither in the eu nor nato . 
  i feel like you 're vastly overstating how witty my comment was . 
  not enough merkels ? 
  we 're working on something , do n't tell anyone though . 
  in case people were wondering why merkel will get reelected , there you go . 
  mainstream as in one of the biggest magazines in the country , not in terms of political bias . 
  it 's not a lie , it 's based on statements by the police . 
  both of them had no known history of extremism , so that 's what they said . 
  the ansbach-guy had been in a mental hospital , so they stated he had mental issues . 
  then they found out about connections to isis , and so they published it . 
  there 's nothing nefarious going on . 
  it 's not their fault if people want to jump to conclusions before the investigation is over . 
  he 's not really completely wrong , it 's a comparison that 's i 'm sure popped into a lot of peoples heads . 
  but what i say when shitposting on reddit or half-drunk at the pub should probably be distinguishable from what a politician says . 
  it seems clear by now that this wo n't stick as a story in turkey itself , and western politicians accusing erdogan is doing nobody any favors except erdogan himself , who can use it to play up the `` western powers trying to control turkey '' angle some more . 
  hitler also taught us that there 's nothing more effective at uniting the population behind a leader than a perceived foreign threat . 
  not that i have any clever idea on how to handle this , but i 'm pretty sure this is n't the way . 
  88 % of germans think the government should be harder on turkey . 
  80 % are against them joining the eu . 
  it 's ridiculous to suggest this is a populist move by him . 
  those `` large number of turks '' amount to like 3 % of the vote . 
  and you said it , he 's a social democrat , a life long politician . 
  he probably hates the developments in turkey more than most . 
  but he 's also a pragmatist and keeping an open dialogue with turkey is the best way to try and keep a minimum of influence on the developments there , even though telling erdogan to please fuck off might be more fun . 
  it sure would score better with voters . 
  that 's the same in germany as it is in austria . 
  why not , it 's a great deal . 
  act all tough and strong towards turkey to score some votes , then get germany to do the rational , but unpopular thing . 
  then bitch about germany to score even more votes . 
  what 's not to like .
