  why not just increase benefits for those that need it ? 
  volkswagen pays ~ 30 % tax on profits in germany for example , not 0.1 % or whatever it was for google in the uk . 
  sure they 're not somehow above trying to pull the same shit , but this specifically is n't something `` everyone '' does . 
  because they 're the reason poland did n't get the same kind of reparations/help as non-soviet states . 
  suddenly demanding 800 billion now that everyone that was at fault is either dead or 90 + is silly . 
  no germans that were n't alive back then are n't going to pay poles that were n't alive 20.000 $ per head . 
  thanks for asking . 
  they 'd get the same answer greece got : the german state considers all reparations settled unless a court says otherwise . 
  nobody here is going to get dragged into a slapfight over it . 
  it states pretty clearly the counsellor felt unequipped to handle him because the guy had mental issues . 
  not `` for some reason '' . 
  i thought you guys were all about telling the truth even if it 's not convenient . 
  well there you go . 
  well you cut out the part where the counsellor that spoke to him said he was mentally ill last year . 
  for some reason . 
  germany . 
  regular neo nazi marches , regular antifa counter protests . 
  oh absolutely , but sadly moderates do n't tend to organize as many things . 
  in a lot of ( east german ) rural areas , antifa organized things are the only escape for the left or weird or foreign guys . 
  do n't have to believe me but that 's how i know it . 
  do n't want to repeat myself , but `` antifa '' does n't mean anything . 
  there are a lit of good guys and a lot of idiots that use that label . 
  they are defined by their enemies . 
  in the us it 's hysterical teenagers who think trump is literally hitler . 
  in other places they oppose actual neo-nazis . 
  what kind of people join depends on the kind of people they oppose . 
  they were founded in germany and because of that still mainly produce here though . 
  if lagnese does n't count , i see no way germany could 've been the largest producer . 
  do n't know about russia , but you might know lagnese or at least recognize [ the heart ] ( http://imgur.com/vaiymen ) ( they have a different name everywhere ) . 
  they make calippo , magnum , cornetto , ben & jerry 's etc. 
  lmao what r/europe have you been reading , exactly ? 
  * `` my friend , jefferson 's an american saint because he wrote the words , `` all men are created equal '' , words he clearly did n't believe , since he allowed his own children to live in slavery . 
  he was a rich white wine snob who was sick of paying taxes to the brits . 
  * * so yeah , he wrote some lovely words and aroused the rabble and they went out and died for those words , while he sat back and drank his wine and fucked his slave girl . 
  '' * i wonder if eventually perception off the founding fathers will shift similarly to how it did with columbus , i.e. 
  acknowledged as influential and a `` net benefit '' in the long run , but no longer revered . 
  yeah that was after he was made governor and i suppose a colony just is n't going to develop well if it 's turned into hell on earth . 
  so i suppose money will have played a significant role too . 
  still though . 
  he was imprisoned in his time for it . 
  if people 500 years ago went `` woah there buddy , we know they 're barely human but that 's a little too far '' , it 's safe to say he really was a piece of shit . 
  the antifa movement started up again in germany in the early 90s after a huge surge in far-right activity . 
  opposing proper neo-nazis is still most of what they do . 
  they are just defined by their enemy . 
  actual neo-nazis to oppose : lots of decent people will join . 
  just some pretty conservative guys to oppose : mostly hysterical teenagers will join . 
  it 's frankly stupid to judge antifa as a whole . 
  it 's not any kind of organization , just a label . 
  reminds me of the time i went to the balaton and there was no fucking difference between air and water temperature . 
  it 's like bathing in your own sweat . 
  i never loved the north/baltic sea more . 
  feisty . 
  the census states that the majority have a vocational qualification , and are thus not `` non-qualified workers . '', 
  the gastarbeiter program ended in 1973 . 
  even the guys that came in their early 20s are now of pension age . 
  i 'm not sure what relevance you think this has . 
  basically , your question was silly because immigrants are not all factory workers like you apparently picture in your head , and `` the left '' does not want them to be anyway . 
  we need qualified labour , immigrants if handled correctly can obviously provide it . 
  and already are providing it . 
  mate all this shit is listed in the official census . 
  you are weirdly confident for not knowing what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  i guess that 's a skill . 
  i 've been told there are one or two steps between unqualified helpers and neurosurgeons . 
  obviously i will . 
  the question is how much and how early . 
  the answer is heavily influenced by two things : technology and immigration . 
  your confusion probably starts with the assumption of these guys doing `` non-qualified jobs '' , when the majority does not . 
  half of them are also german . 
  if you know a place to get 20 million young germans , please share . 
  otherwise i prefer living to the odd polish or turkish person if in exchange i get to retire before i die . 
  pissposts *, 
  lol i wish . 
  we are currently seeing the exact opposite . 
  `` we have always been assholes , and so i will continue being an asshole . 
  it 's their fault . '', 
  what have we been a hindrance for , then ? 
  libya and iraq are the biggest examples of the past 15 years where our policy differed from britain and britain + france respectively , so i assumed that must be what he 's talking about . 
  nobody is perfect , but i do n't know how you can look at those and conclude we were the problem . 
  apart from this subs weird obsession to shit on germany once an hour . 
  the terrible hindrance of not wanting to bomb random countries for hypocritical reasons . 
  ca n't , eastern europe is entirely dependent on it . 
  but of course that 's just a tragedy nobody can do anything about , while we are `` colluding with the enemy '' . 
  that 's where debate comes in . 
  you come together , nations pursue their interests , you compromise and then present a unified front . 
  the us by going alone and playing domestic games has fucked that now . 
  yes , that 's how this works . 
  that 's why the us chose those sanctions too . 
  is that supposed to be shameful or something ? 
  unless we stop all trade with russia , there will obviously be debate about * what * trade to sanction . 
  ideally that would have happened before passing them . 
  then what ? 
  russia will attack us ? 
  us troops leaving would be pretty popular here . 
  i like to talk to people about politics and that includes afd voters because you know , people always say you should engage them . 
  granted most of the time that 's late at night and i 'm fairly drunk , but i think none of them ever even mentioned terrorists to me . 
  they mention lack of kindergarten spots or rising rents , general crime , islam or brown people being loud or whatever . 
  but terrorism is way too vague . 
  people care for two days and then they move on to things that actually affect them day to day . 
  the media like it because it sells , people trying to push their agenda like it because they think it 'll win people over , but in my experience it 's not overwhelmingly important even to afd voters , let alone the rest . 
  i doubt it 'll have a big influence on the election .
