  outside of times of crisis his only real power is that all laws have to be signed by him , and he can refuse under certain circumstances . 
  has only happened a handful of times though . 
  the chancellor is the head of government , on paper actually number 3 in the state but de facto the most powerful position . 
  that 's a bit surprising tbh . 
  he 's been in national politics for ~ 20 years , was vice chancellor , foreign minister twice and ran against merkel in 09 . 
  there are n't many bigger names in german politics . 
   merkel is basically the ultimate example of hard-core populism - at her core she 's a driving belt for whatever is the populace opinion at any point that 's not what populism is at all . 
  it 's also a really bad description of her , there is like 3 examples of it after 12 years of chancellorship . 
  i doubt this story is true , but generally it 's not really about those quotas any more , it 's ignoring a legally valid and binding decision by the eu commission that 's the problem . 
  austria has n't done that , they 've said they 'd seek to be exempt from it - with approval of the commission . 
  not really simple rules , but you can learn some endings and groups and be fine in almost all cases . 
  so like almost all alcohol is masculine ( der rum , der wein etc. ) . 
  or almost anything ending with - ung is feminine ( die erdung , die spannung etc. ), 
  yeah , there is a general , impartial ban on tabloids and other shit sources : go through the list , count the right-wing and left-wing sources and you might understand the point i 'm making . 
  i 'm not particularly left-wing fyi . 
  do you think it 's a coincidence that it 's always the conservative `` papers '' being so fucking shit they have to be banned in order for us to not lose our minds ? 
  where are the left-leaning tabloids at . 
  what 's the object of hate of the right ? 
  guardian and washington post . 
  left ? 
  breitbart and sun . 
  it 's just a reaction to complete time-wasting garbage being the new tool of the regressive right . 
  it 's a nice tram but that pun is just shocking . 
  you know this links to a pdf that spends 16 pages going over examples , yeah ? 
  brexit will happen in 2019 . 
  if the exit negotiations are mostly done before then , negotiations for a trade deal can start . 
  if not , then they wo n't . 
  we live in the 21st century where there is absolutely no scenario in which spain will take over gibraltar `` against it 's will '' . 
  and where asking that question is as absurd as answering it with anything other than `` spain is a good ally and fellow nato member who would never dream of such a thing '' is rude . 
  anything to gain some votes i guess . 
  una busta per favore . 
  how is a romanian company supposed to offer wages competitive to those in germany or sweden though ? 
  the problem i see with this is that education is an investment by all of society . 
  i 'm not sure the money they sent back makes up for the money the state has put into their training . 
  sure the labour market is supposed to be open and i would n't even say romania is the biggest problem , they 're improving their situation all the time . 
  but i look at all the university-educated spanish people in my neighbourhood and i worry if we 're not screwing spain over . 
  makes sense for them to come here , makes sense for us to want them . 
  but i highly doubt it helps spain , at least if they stay . 
  it 's probably fine now , but in a couple decades , as our societies grow close together and the obstacles of immigration come down , we have to make sure to not just abandon the periphery to benefit the ( economic ) core . 
  not so sure . 
  2 years ago when they drove out the founder she represented the right wing of the party , but by now she 's the `` moderate '' herself . 
  if she leaves , there 's every chance the proper hard-liners take charge and that 'd likely be the end of national relevance for afd . 
  it 's a weird situation where i 'd * want * the moderates to lose out . 
  we 've had openly far-right parties for a long time , they 've never gotten  5 % nationally . 
  if afd stops pretending , they 're done . 
  it 's what oli kahn taught us . 
  afaik : engineering ( automotive , energy , civic , electromechanical ) , it specialists more or less across the board , plumbers and such , nurses especially for seniors . 
  it 's not a desperate situation yet , but if you speak german and are willing to move to where the jobs are you 'd definitely find something in all of those fields without hassle . 
  how would that work in practice ? 
  `` hey guys , we want to define a european identity for you , so as your representatives we 've decided to start speaking a random language that significantly less of you understand '' . 
  ca n't see the sense in that . 
  because this is an article about some muslims doing something nice . 
  the fact that you immediately felt the need to post an article about completely different people and a completely different topic because you just can not let that stand ... it 's just sad . 
  but whatever . 
  thank god you were ready with that link , we almost had muslims portrayed in a positive light . 
  huh ? 
  there are no tariffs within the eu , that 's what the customs union is . 
  the average to those outside is < 5 % . 
  the eu has among the lowest average tariffs in the world . 
  this is the result of geographical proximity + single market integration . 
  i 'm sure if you sit down for a minute and * really * think about the implications of a country like russia - or if you fancy , the us - financing parties here , you 'll figure out why that is not something we should want . 
  maybe read a bit more than a fucking one-sentence dictionary definition of a well established , endlessly discussued political term before telling me i 'm making shit up . 
  fucking wikipedia would do , or is that too much detail already ? 
  here you go :  populism is a political doctrine that proposes that the common people are exploited by a privileged elite , and which seeks to resolve this . 
  the underlying ideology of populists can be left , right , or center . 
    its goal is uniting the uncorrupt and the unsophisticated `` little man '' against the corrupt dominant elites ( usually established politicians ) and their camp of followers ( usually the rich and the intellectuals ) . 
  it is guided by the belief that political and social goals are best achieved by the direct actions of the masses . 
    although it chiefly comes into being where mainstream political institutions are perceived to have failed to deliver , there is no identifiable economic or social set of conditions that give rise to it , and it is not confined to any particular social class . 
  it must have been quite hard to miss the point so badly . 
  of course there exist rich/influential people and poor people . 
  neither group is uniform in their interests though , and you will find members of both supporting everything from far left to far right . 
  the act of using those two groups , putting them on opposite sides and drawing a neat line between them - that childs understanding of society - is what i deny . 
  populism is n't characterized by doing what 's popular , but by ( arbitrarily ) dividing the population into `` the people '' and `` the elites '' , and then announcing that you are the sole representative of the righteous will of the people . 
  of course in reality this dichotomy does not exist , every party and every ideology has `` ordinary people '' and `` elites '' supporting them . 
  populism thrives on creating that kind of divisiveness , the morally just everyman on the one side and the exploitative elites on the other . 
  democracy in the modern sense though can only thrive if people of different ideologies do n't see each other as the enemy , but instead can find ways to work together , constructively , and respect the opinion of each other and especially the minority . 
  populism is poisonousness to political culture as it has no intention of working together and in fact relies on their followers to have no interest in doing so . 
  hungary . 
  not even in the most touristy areas of italy have i seen people try so hard to scam me . 
  it 's also still a lot less clean and modern than other former soviet countries i 've been to . 
  the difference between czechia and hungary is night and day in terms of ( superficial ) progress they 've made . 
  good food though . 
  had this deer-gulash-thing that i still lust after . 
  and to be fair it was about a decade ago . 
  try / r/germany i 'd also try talking to the asta at your university . 
  the afd in saarland is nuts and even more scandal-ridden than the federal party , i think that has more to do with it . 
  i remember when trump called their military a disaster and for a couple seconds i wondered if they were actually going to reduce their spending a bit - because the idea that someone would think it 's still not good enough was crazy to me . 
  the guy was like 50 years old . 
  i get what she 's trying to say , but this is a horrible example for the point she so badly wants to make . 
  it has nothing to do with any eu migrant policy , is the point . 
  it 's important to remember how often these guys are already known to intelligence services the next time politicians push for more surveillance of the general public . 
  they mostly seem to do quite well in figuring out potentially dangerous people with the methods they have . 
  -  other discussions -  r/the _ donald post with the same title -  op posts there . 
  fairly obvious what his point with this was . 
  really ? 
  at least if you pricks were a bit clever about it , it would all be a little entertaining . 
  nobody besides you clowns will jump on this , and fuck you for accusing an innocent women of sympathising with terrorism because of her clothing . 
  you guys are made of the same cloth as those you hate . 
  no , his family is from frankfurt and he spent most of his life in weimar . 
  who gets exchanged ?
