  last i read , 2 out of 15 they `` promised '' to implement . 
  sure , that 's why it 's the `` sunday question '' . 
  it 's usually `` who would you vote for * right now * '' rather than `` who do you think you 'll vote for this september '' . 
  i agree spd at this point is more like to lose voters again once they get more specific , rather than gain even more . 
  i just do n't know what 's supposed to be fake or surprising about it . 
  spd was polling at record lows , it 's not terribly shocking that they could under the right circumstances gain a huge amount of voters back again . 
  they 're now polling like they did for decades . 
  people did n't suddenly change their whole world view , they were always typical spd voters . 
  if fdp or linke did the same it 'd be a shock , but spd ? 
  that article was horrible . 
  one quote from a guy he gave to another newspaper , and a 4 paragraphs of fluff around it . 
  and no explanation what the hell fake feelings are supposed to be . 
  it 's more because of the cheap oil price in 2016 . 
  not everything is about the damn euro . 
  the reason for the record this time is actually mostly supposed to be cheaper imports . 
  the euro plays a role in the surplus but its far form the only reason . 
  oh boy i wonder what the polish reaction would be if we returned the favour . . 
  just continue to build up frontex . 
  to be clear , this is not about left-wing activists , but the ones * investigated by the police . 
  * not many well-adjusted 30 year old will get into street fights with the police or throw rocks at windows . 
  those that do will either be young or a bit of a fuck-up , or both . 
  like in any movement . 
  leaving that little detail out is an attempt to smear all left-wing activists . 
  activists * investigated by the police * , according to bild . 
  slight difference , no ? 
  but what to expect from a shitty site that quotes bild . 
  not much . 
  i never really get that sentiment . 
  we 're the biggest economy on the continent , we always had and always will have a lot of control in europe and especially on the smaller countries . 
  but the eu gave them formal , democratic means of influencing us too . 
  they have a guaranteed voice and vote , they 're actually overrepresented . 
  i also think people kind of miss how many decisions go against us in the eu . 
  if anything france is the one dominating , or at least was until a few years ago . 
  we really only dominate in the cases where the eu institutions get pushed aside and the heads of state step in . 
  and the answer to that is further integration and empowerment of the parliament . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( https://gobbledygeekbtr.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/preacher48.png ), 
  that 's a pity . 
  if you want to gauge the sentiment against anti-muslim immigration ( which is how it 's being interpreted at least ) , you 'd need to be able to separate it from general anti-immigration sentiment . 
  so at least asking for the opinion on a general ban , outer-european , and inner european/first world would 've been a nice thing to do . 
  wait is that the whole study , one question ? 
  i wish they would 've gone into a bit more detail . 
  it 's such simplistic thinking as well . 
  i worked in trade for a couple years and with all the global value chains the whole thing is an absurdly complex monstrosity by now , especially in the eu single market . 
  i ca n't imagine the nightmare of trying to negotiate brexit - a very rare occasion of actually raising trade barriers back up again - and having to guess the consequences . 
  you have to be a genius to understand that . 
  nobody particularly even cares about tariffs any more unless they 're significantly  10 % . 
  us and france above countries like poland or japan ? 
  bit weird . 
  yes . 
  basically they argue that the german reich never ceased to exist after the 2nd world war , and the current bundesrepublik is simply a corporation under control of the allies . 
  so they are `` citizens of the reich '' - reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  it was all very hilarious until they started hoarding weapons and getting violent . 
  he 's completely correct . 
  article 1 of our constitution reads : * human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  to respect and protect it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  * that has several times been used by our constitutional courts to block reforms to social security and asylum laws that would push financial support below the existential minimum . 
  in particular it was also ruled that the state can not cut all support for people to get them to leave the country . 
  so it 's not an option , because it is in fact unconstitutional . 
  it 's not called `` bild for people with abitur '' for nothing . 
  time for the eu to sink or swim . 
  seems we 're paddling now , at least . 
  eh i doubt she 'd stick around and play vice-chancellor . 
  she 'd just retire . 
  i have the strong suspicion that was her plan anyway , before the world went nuts . 
  after brexit he proposed a plan to make the commission into the equivalent of a european government , elected by the parliament . 
  that 's not full federalisation , but it would be a huge step . 
  not very realistic though . 
  i do n't know if it 's really about change per se . 
  the spd has bled voters for the past 15 years , people that * want * and always wanted to vote center-left but were disappointed time and time again by spd . 
  so they 've moved elsewhere - mostly greens , die linke - or just stopped voting . 
  schulz for now is appealing to those people . 
  i think it 'll depend a lot on how well he can sell that once it becomes more about actual policies . 
  because in truth he is n't far * that * off from the people that were responsible for the `` crisis of the left '' . 
  what ? 
  of course you are consulted . 
  you can vote , no ? 
  polls showed the majority of americans supported the war in afghanistan and iraq , and you then re-elected bush too . 
  that was you being consulted . 
  it all happened with approval of the american people , even though a decade later you could swear nobody besides bush and cheney ever wanted it , but also lets not hold them accountable because `` it 's in the past '' and bush is really cute now . 
  the big no no is making billions for yourself and your friends off the russian people , murdering dissenters and starting offensive wars . 
  but yeah it 's just political correctness gone mad , really . 
  putin is first and foremost pro-putin . 
  he uses nationalist sentiment for image purposes . 
  yeah , i know it 's never that easy . 
  but let 's say we gave you a blank cheque - aside from our own soldiers participating - what * would * help ? 
  seems like markets are split between `` that guys is going to cut literally all regulations and invest trillions in military/infrastructure '' and `` he 's also a maniac and the world will be on fire before he gets to that '' . 
  gon na give it a try for a while , but so far for me nothing has come close to google . 
  i wish we would all just go on a little trip and forget a couple hundred tanks in kiev . 
  oh was that the one against the will of the people ? 
  ca n't imagine what that 's supposed to tell me . 
  how is not living in your country different from not living in your state , or city , or neighbourhood , or house ? 
  it 's all arbitrary in the end . 
  the threats came because some countries decided to not accept a legally binding decision by the eu . 
  is that worse , or some bad words about possibly cutting some funds in the future , and then never doing it ? 
  christ . 
  oh you 're one of those `` 4th reich '' guys . 
  in quick : 1 ) the quotas were a proposal from the commission and passed with qualified majority 2 ) it is about migrants in greece and italy , not germany 3 ) we would 've continued to take the highest amounts 4 ) the decision to let them in was in part to reduce the stress on the smaller states from here to greece , it became `` our problem '' because we made it our problem 3 ) how in the fuck are we supposed to solve unemployment in italy ? 
  it was n't isolated at all , you just were n't paying attention . 
  look up the development of asylum applications in germany , austria , sweden etc.
