  50 % labour participation rate is actually pretty much exactly in line with germany overall , though obviously that 'd only be achievable because their demographics are heavily favourable ( ie . 
  way fewer children and pensioners ) . 
  at 50 % , we 'd get close to the point where they are a net gain to state finances or at least much much cheaper ( depending on whose calculations you follow ) . 
  anway my main point was that `` 80 % + are never going to work '' is plain made up since that goal of 50 % is based on previous asylum groups . 
  ambitious , but achievable . 
  1 ) the numbers for `` unknown '' were similar before the recent crisis . 
  they are just uknown , that 's all you can assume . 
  2 ) there are a lot of turkish people , and the ones you 'd expect to integrate will mostly have a german passport so this is n't the best measure for that progress . 
  3 ) just google `` berlin kriminalstatistik '' . 
  and i hope you did n't trust the other guy either then , who just made shit up people want to hear . 
  erm , it 's in the official kriminalstatistik , it 's a [ big german pdf though . ] ( https://www.berlin.de/polizei/_assets/.../polizeiliche-kriminalstatistik-berlin-2015.pdf ) . 
  page 110 . 
  going home now , maybe i can find a better source . 
  but basically , % of suspects excluding foreigner laws it goes : * turkey : 4.5 * poland 3.8 * romania 3.0 * serbia 2.1 * unknown 2.0 * bulgaria 1.8 * bosnia 1.2 * russia 1.0 * italy 0.9 * lebanon 0.8 * vietnam 0.7 * syria 0.7 * moldavia 0.6 * afghanistan 0.3 that 's all nationalities with  1000 suspects . 
  at the same time her election strategy probably could n't be more different . 
  if clinton had copied her way of keeping things dull and calm , avoiding to offend any opposition voters to make sure large parts of voters that are n't convinced are at least * okay * with her winning , she probably would have walked that election . 
  that `` basket of deplorables '' moment must have had merkel face palm hard . 
  how about we upgrade our internet infrastructure to second world standard instead ? 
  obviously it is though . 
  massively . 
  for those of us that do n't just make up percentages , the actual goal remains 50 % after 10 years . 
  wait , how exactly ? 
  yield on government bonds were very close together before the crisis , there was no point where the difference was as big as it currently is except switched around . 
  and i doubt there will be in the foreseeable future . 
  there is a reason i used weird and not eeeevil . 
  they also had [ forced child labor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verdingkinder ) until the 60s . 
  it 's a weird country in many ways . 
  let me present the first word of the article : temporary . 
  they hid their results really well ... anyway [ here 's a map based overview i found ] ( http://www.generation-what.ie/europe/map/europe ) . 
  some random observations : - only the danes think there are n't too many taxes - only the dutch and germans like their unions . 
  - absolutely nobody trusts religious organisations - nobody trusts their army as much as estonia - the swedes and turks do n't trust their justice system at all - swedes , finns and croatians are n't bothered by girls being whistled after - large parts of eastern europe are bothered by guys kissing - italians have the worst relationship with their parents - the dutch have the least friends from other countries - ireland loved it 's sex with a stranger , the rest is n't interested, 
  she can , they need the permission of the german government to hold a vote in their consulates . 
  she needed a hardcore base to make it to the second round and those people happen to be mostly not too fond of the eu . 
  without being anti-eu i doubt she would 've made it . 
  for the record , sch\u00e4uble has spoken positively about a euro-budget and finance minister before and iirc the commission is supposed to come up with a plan for it , though of course the devil might still be in the details . 
  macron seemed to put a lot more focus on investment than others . 
  but there is some common ground there , while euro bonds i ca n't ever see happening in the current situation . 
  eh , the automotive industry needs an endless amount of unskilled workers . 
  it 's ( mostly ) hard work for minimum wage though and i absolutely would not advise to move countries for that kind of job . 
  they could meet to discuss it , but it would probably end with there being 5 big far left parties . 
  but that 's normal too . 
  look at the last elections ( granted , too lazy to look up the difference in eligible voters ) : 2017 : macron got 8.6 m in the 1st round , 20.7 m in the second . 
  2012 : hollande got 10.2 m in the 1st round , 18m in the second . 
  2007 : sarcozy got 11.4 in the 1st round , 18.9 m in the second . 
  the difference was not macron , and his democratic mandate is perfectly fine . 
  macron got 20m , which is actually very good . 
  the missing votes are on le pen for being one big disaster of a person , leading to a record number of people not feeling represented by either candidate . 
  if it makes you feel better , sure thing . 
  gelatin is made mostly from pork . 
  sure we profit from the euro , is this somehow forbidden ? 
  it was france that was the biggest proponent of us joining , because they could n't compete with the mark and were annoyed at the influence on others fiscal policy that allowed us . 
  so we joined , adapted , and continued to do well . 
  furthermore it 's estimated that about 2 % of those 8 % are down to the low euro . 
  to pretend like there has not been a massive difference in political and economic developments in france and germany since 2000 and we 're just magically able to profit of the euro while france is not is laughable . 
  but please , continue to bash us . 
  bash the irish , bash the dutch , bash the swedes . 
  bash everyone that does well until we 're all united in glorious mediocrity . 
  that 's the solution . 
  we of course apologize for doing well , it shall not happen again . 
  the way it was discussed back then , i remember the calculation was that it would cost us an extra 50b a year . 
  that 's way too large a cost to just argue for it with vague benefits like `` european solidarity '' or `` if italy does better it 'll be good for us too '' . 
  i do n't think you 'll ever convince the majority of germans to buy into it if that number has n't changed . 
  i mean it 's probably going to be lower now , so public opinion would probably not be as overwhelmingly negative as back then . 
  but debt is weirdly connected to morality in german politics too , that 's another issue . 
  there were plans to just allow it for a certain percentage of debt/new debt , but i do n't know enough about economics to say whether that 's a good idea or not . 
  `` no eurobonds '' is part of the current coalition contract between cdu and spd . 
  saying anything else would be political suicide for merkel . 
  if there is a compromise to be found it 'll be after the elections . 
  this was floating around a while ago :  m : let 's talk about brexit . 
  what is the best response to the uk when it comes to negotiations ? 
  i think that europe has made a mistake negotiating the inter-governmental accord [ the `` special status '' deal david cameron struck with the eu in february last year ] . 
  it created a precedent , which is that a single state can twist the european debate to its own interests . 
  cameron was toying with europe and we agreed to go along with it , which was a big mistake . 
    britain must understand that our interest in the medium to long term is to have clear rules . 
  so if britain wants to trade with europe it has to choose a model , such as the swiss , norwegian or canadian . 
  we have to accept that there are losses . 
  but it 's the british who will lose the most . 
  you can not enjoy rights in europe if you are not a member -- otherwise it will fall apart . 
  europe is what has enabled us since 1945 , in an unprecedented way , to preserve peace , security , freedom and prosperity in our continent . 
    the british are making a serious mistake over the long term . 
  [ foreign secretary ] boris johnson enjoys giving flamboyant speeches but has no strategic vision ; the turmoil he created the day after brexit proves it . 
  [ former leader of ukip ] nigel farage and mr johnson are responsible for this crime : they sailed the ship into battle and jumped overboard at the moment of crisis . 
  theresa may has handled it but what has been happening since then ? 
  on the geopolitical level as well as on the financial , realignment and submission to the us . 
  what is going to happen is not `` taking back control '' : it 's servitude . 
  sounds to me like he has an excellent grasp on this and is pretty in line with the official eu-stance . 
  so good news all around . 
  if you think / r/europe is left and / r/td is just right , your political compass must be ever so slightly out of whack . 
  pro-eu is really the only thing where this sub can get slightly uniform , and in the real world that 's neither left nor right . 
  a strong french president is on equal footing with the german chancellor within the eu . 
  it should be a constructive and close partnership , but historically germany and france have regularly disagreed in spite of that and really that 's the most healthy way for the eu . 
  ... because you just ignored the most important point , maybe ? 
  as an example : [ fm shoukry confirms egypt 's rejection of idea of refugee camps for migrants ] ( http://english.ahram.org.eg/newscontent/1/64/259392/egypt/politics-/fm-shoukry-confirms-egypts-refusal-to-build-refuge.aspx ) got ta find some magical island first , then we can discuss how to get all our courts to look the other way , and then we can figure out how to deal with the logistical nightmare to follow . 
  1 ) scale . 
  australia got ~ 5000 people a year before implementing it and already those facilities proved costly and difficult to manage . 
  2 ) lack of countries willing to open asylum camps for us . 
  3 ) questionable legality . 
  italy could go badly . 
  europe is further north = longer days in summer , shorter days in winter . 
  it 's just thanks to the gulf stream we 're not all freezing to death .
