  bulgaria and live illegally in germany instead , assigning them a country regardless of their wishes would be a big deterrence for economic migrants . 
  it not working in that sense is maybe best case scenario : helps greece , reduces flow of economic migrants towards western europe , and eastern europe does n't actually get many refugees in the end . 
  win-win-win . 
  do n't see why that 's such a deal breaker . 
  other than currently unaffected countries being slightly involved instead . 
  the idea was that they 'd eventually get distributed from there so greece would only have to take a fair share . 
  but then certain countries lost their collective minds for a year and here we are , complaining about how of course it 's the eu and evil germany that fucks over greece , not the countries that blocked reform and wanted to maintain status quo , which happens to suck for greece and italy . 
  pretty sure the hotspots are eu-run by now , no ? 
  at least they were supposed to be, 
  i would n't say 3 . 
  but yeah it 's all roughly normal `` beer '' , and sometimes some weird chocolate stuff or whatever is nice . 
  what . 
  wait is this satire or a real thing people put in their beers ? 
  oats ? 
  cigars ? 
  jeez , you pay like 1.50 $ beer tax per liter in finland ? 
  that 's just cruel . 
  with 51 % of votes . 
  merkel herself does n't like it . 
  the current government coalition specifically agreed to abolish these rules . 
  so there is a 0 % chance of this happening under the current government . 
  and since most likely cdu would again have to form a government with spd should they win the election , and support for this is so weak in the cdu itself , it 's incredibly unlikely to change under the next government too . 
  so tl ; dr : pointless decision . 
  or maybe we all stop freaking out for a moment , use this - in comparison tiny - crisis to push through a functioning eu asylum system and everything will work out fine . 
  what do you want ? 
  there 's ~ 20 rapes and 3 killings a day in germany . 
  the show has 15 minutes to inform viewers on the most important news of the day . 
  so they never report on general crime . 
  every newspaper in existence `` self-censors '' by deciding what is and is n't relevant enough to be reported . 
  yeah nobody ever got murdered in glorious europe before . 
  she said she 'd support it if it 's possible from a legal standpoint , knowing perfectly well that a straight up `` ban '' would likely be considered unconstitutional . 
  just playing to her base , really . 
  good headline for her , no need to actually follow through . 
  election mode . 
  oh are we already at the [ erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enabling_act_of_1933 ) part of this little story now ? 
  it 's weirdly fascinating to follow . 
  would n't it still be cameron then ? 
  he failed , but had much more to do with brexit happening than farage did . 
  the balance will be back once france , italy , ( spain , england and poland ) are less concerned with themselves and form strong governments . 
  at the moment there simply is no one else . 
  you live in the safest time in history and on , i assume , the safest continent apart from the mostly empty ones . 
  yet you 'd still fuck over minorities because you 're scared of crime ? 
  i 'm sorry , but grow some balls . 
  the problem for spd is that they 've been governing with her for 8 out of 12 years , so hitting her on the present isnt going to be easy . 
  one of the criticisms of merkel has been that while she 's succeeded in keeping the ship steady , she has n't really pushed us forward . 
  so the line of attack makes sense . 
  the problem is that germans largely feel were doing well , while big parts of the west had a pretty `` interesting '' year . 
  so while now absolutely is the time to invest and prepare for the future , voters are unlikely to prioritise it over a stable present - which is an area merkel is n't going to be beaten in . 
  do you think they has investigative reporters in cologne or something ? 
  it was reported in traditional media immediately , just not by all . 
  the link the polls . 
  well that 's . . terrifying . 
  i 'm just going to believe they 're imagining being a rich westerner in some third world country so i can sleep tonight . 
  i suppose it would not really be a negotiation with the uk , but it would be a break from the current stance of not acknowledging brexit until triggered . 
  not being star wars villains ? 
  i do n't think there was ever any danger of it . 
  but the people this affects are of course still worried . 
  uk can do something about it now , the eu can not . 
  so the uk should , and the eu will later . 
  or both will later , i suppose , but as i said this would be a good way for the uk to ease tensions a bit . 
  as a gesture of good will and to not let them become bargaining chips , like your government said they wanted to avoid . 
  the eu almost certainly will end up doing the same - but no negotiations before triggering article 50 . 
  the uk can do it unilaterally and guarantee the rights of eu citizens in the uk , does n't matter what tusk says . 
  the eu has been very clear from the start that there will be no negotiations before the uk gets off the pot . 
  they 're praising the symbol in context of the time and region , not the guy . 
  like with churchill , the founding fathers or gandhi . 
  we humans tend to be good at ignoring the bad . 
  did he though ? 
  his examples were : 1 ) claims election models were `` wrong '' . 
  models can bewrong for a multitude of reasons , that does n't make them fake . 
  2 ) reporter talking shit * as a private person * on twitter , linking to some website not affiliated with any paper . 
  3 ) political agent making stuff up . 
  not media . 
  4 ) an actual example , media picking up the made up stuff from 3 ) . 
  now the question to follow would be if they * knew * it was made up . 
  then this would be the one actual example of `` fake news '' . 
  however he does n't claim this to be the case . 
  hence it 's `` wrong news '' , rather than `` fake news '' . 
  in conclusion , a very long article with about two paragraphs for his central argument - we should not let a private company determine what is and is n't fake news - and then the previously mentioned word vomit that fails to include even one example of `` fake news '' being peddled by main stream media . 
  which is particularly disappointing because i 'm certain he could 've found some . 
  we 've had a blog about bild here for like a decade who calls out straight up lies . 
  it has no structure , the central argument is buried between random attacks at people irrelevant to the topic at hand , and the guy embedded two dozen of his own tweets into the damn thing . 
  i 'm sorry , but wtf is that . 
  he 's free to be rude to me in return , should he happen to read my comment . 
  i 'll make sure not to criticize an article in the future though . 
  or maybe - get this - we 've lately seen a surge in fake ( not later disproved , not somewhat inaccurate , not honestly mistaken , not biased : ** made up ** ) news for either commercial or propaganda purposes , and the media is doing it 's job by addressing it . 
  if this develops into introducing some mechanism that 's abused to suppress new media then that 'll be a problem in need of addressing too , but it does n't negate the problem with fake news we very clear do have right now . 
  it 's been quite fun to see which parts of reddit suddenly found the word `` fake '' very ambiguous and difficult to understand , though . 
  almost like they have a problem with shining light on this , for some reason . 
  what a wordvomit . 
  i glanced over it . 
  he posits that a predictive model based on polls by third companies , that happened to land on the less likely outcome is the same as literal made up news . 
  meaning he 's an idiot . 
  no thanks . 
  buzzfeed actually has some fairly decent journalism nowadays . 
  ca n't see anything wrong with this article . 
  it 's quite good . 
  ... that 's not how pensions are financed . 
  the money i pay into the system is spent on current pensioners . 
  no kids , no one to finance the system by the time i 'm eligible .
