  it does n't account for wealth at all though , so a country where people are somewhat equally rich can have the same number as one where everyone is equally poor . 
  or a country like the us can have a very high number despite being wealthy because the huge amount of income is distributed unevenly . 
  that 's not better man . 
  the president shitting on an allied country based on a fox news `` report '' he does n't even remember properly is hugely problematic . 
  at least if he had just lied ( again ) , we could all pretend he 's competent and in control of the situation , even if his motives are shitty . 
  how much more though ? 
  they spent 3.5 % of their gdp on debt , that 's really not that much . 
  anyway the point is we or anybody are n't really all that opposed to spending money on other eu countries . 
  we actually spend more on the eu ( 14b ) than on the german l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ( 11b ) . 
  the problem with greece is more that it seems like throwing good money after bad , not that we 're ideologically opposed to help other europeans . 
  cohesion funds and debt relief add up to like 12b a year , or 5 % of greece gdp . 
  more than any german state gets . 
  the famous shithole of berlin gets < 3 % . 
  except for the 18 % that think he 's doing okay and the 5 % that do n't know , you mean . 
  so everyone ( except 1 in 5 ) . 
  storied history as `` queen of the hanseatic league '' , the whole `` island '' has been declared a world heritage site by unesco . 
  also often called city of the seven towers , refering to the church towers seen here . 
  the biggest one , st. mary , the one with the two towers in the middle is one of the premier examples of brick gothic architecture and boasts the biggest brick stone ceiling in the world . 
  the city is not so much relevant anymore today though , having lost it 's independence during the 3rd reich . 
  still one of 3 cities to `` officially '' carry the name of hanseatic city , together with hamburg and bremen . 
  as an aside it also has one of my [ favourite ww2 memorials ] ( http://imgur.com/a/78jpu ) inside st. mary 's church , where they simply left the bells lie where they fell during the bombings . 
  not unless it 's an army . 
  but i suppose we better mobilize troops ourselves and shoot to kill , then . 
  i guess words still have meaning to some . 
  because if you believe it to be an invasion , the response has to fit that word . 
  and i 'd rather it not . 
  that 's the problem with playing it fast and loose with political battle cries . 
  to be fair your parliament will still have to vote on it too , so it 's not like it 's a done deal yet . 
  it 's also a matter of having the right policies , city planning and the will to invest . 
  there 's an area in my city , the typical 70s `` social project '' where they build a bunch of bad quality high-rises next to the highway in the middle of nowhere , ugly as sin but cheap rent . 
  nice thing to do , but then they just left . 
  so by the 80s they were half empty , half taken over by gangs/junkies . 
  then about a decade ago they decided to fix it , told to police to pay a bit of extra attention , built some playgrounds , opened 2 kindergartens and hired social workers . 
  now it 's still ugly , but a nice place to live for young , low income families and safe . 
  it 's not always just `` the immigrants '' , low income neighbourhoods have always needed special care and a lot of todays problems are the result of shitty planning from a couple decades ago . 
  originally it was supposed to either mean areas where the state had lost control and law was no longer being enforced , or where certain parts of the population were advised not to go . 
  in germany i remember it first being used before the world cup when it was discussed whether to label certain parts of eastern germany no-go-zones for black visitors , for example ( was n't done , and nothing happened of course ) . 
  since then it 's been often re-appropriated to refer low income , high immigrant areas , regardless whether they are actually `` no-go-zones '' . 
  they already have the right to move to your glorious hungary . 
  but for some reason the migration streams go in the other direction . 
  according to german `` alternative '' media , i grew up in a no-go-zone and my girlfriend has been working in one for the past couple of years . 
  not the nicest places , but also not lawless hellholes . 
  people like scary stories i guess . 
  16 years of debate and that 's what you learned - platitudes . 
  way to live up to the stereotypes . 
   europe is $ 100 billion short of strategic autonomy . 
  i would really like a reason for that besides `` well it says 2 % so that must be what 's needed '' . 
  do n't worry , it 's not like the rest of us did much better . 
  only italy and czechia had the decency of not calling themselves the least arrogant ... 
  yes , but since i believe it was never realistic to expect the kind of committent and effort necessary to stabilize afghanistan long-term , that still makes it a bad idea . 
  you 're just unpleasant , is all . 
  do n't feel like being called scum . 
  and i think 8th grade history will do a decent job of outlining the differences between pearl harbour and 9/11 for you , so why should i. 
  you 're talking about pearl fucking habour but i 'm the one that has to stay on topic , because the invasion of iraq 3 years later is of course completely disconnected from the prevalent mindset that lead to the rushed invasion of afghanistan . 
  bush doctrine ? 
  remember those days ? 
  have a nice day anyway , no offence but i find you annoying . 
  i would n't say never . 
  we tried for not even * a month * to find a solution without large scale war . 
  there was also the other government , the northern alliance , which could 've been used . 
  both would have been much slower solutions though , and the fact that they were not at least tried shows the mindset at the time . 
  the entire point is that there was no invasion . 
  there was a terrorist attack and the response to those is a lot more tricky , at least when your primary goal is to reduce the chance of them happening again - aka a defensive action . 
  fucking around in the middle east some more will surely work eventually , right ? 
  did they capture osama bin laden in that war ? 
  or in a special forces operation in a completely different country ? 
  so that 's what i would have done . 
  working with the afghani government , small scale stuff . 
  and if that 's not possible and they still feel the need to `` bring him to justice '' do so , but not pretend like it 's a defensive action . 
  and kept out of afghanistan since going there without the will to follow through was always going to increase the risk coming from the region , and as an extra kill a bunch of people along the way . 
  is afghanistan peaceful now ? 
  do the taliban no longer exist ? 
  did we manage to reduce islamic extremism ? 
  is the region more stable ? 
  fuck no , so it served no defensive purpose and i do n't feel like it 's our duty to participate in revenge or justice or however you want to call it , that 's to me and many others not the point of nato . 
  if `` defending the baltics '' takes the form of invading indonesia or something for harbouring terrorists , i wo n't complain . 
  because it was a shit idea . 
  do the greek know any countries besides us and themself ? 
  anyway i think it was a bit silly to allow your own country as an answer , would 've been a lot more interesting otherwise . 
  evidently he has though . 
  right next to the former president of parliament and current bridge enthusiast martin schulz , who proposed pretty much the same thing . 
  shall we cast both of them out ? 
  they are not just feminists , they are politicians with a job to do . 
  unless you want sweden to break contact with iran over the treatment of women , their choice was to either go there and wear a scarf , or hide away and let men do their job for them . 
  if you want to include feminism in this , i 'm not so sure the second option is the better one . 
  but the bigger point is that politicians are required to put their personal believes aside all the time to do what their country needs them to do , especially in foreign policy . 
  there is no easy solution to this . 
  just not going is the least ugly one , but someone has to . 
  that 's what every politician does . 
  same way they advocate for human rights and then do business with dictators . 
  we ca n't fix the entire world or cut off every country that does shit we do n't like . 
  or well , we can . 
  but then we should judge all politicians by the same standard . 
  having to wear a headscarf is like number 5359 on the list of laws we should all have a problem with in iran - but nobody seems to give a shit that we still do business with them , and that male politicians go there and play nice with the assholes in charge . 
  but wear a headscarf - cue the outrage . 
  the option was not fixing inequality in iran or not . 
  the option was to wear the headscarves or be a pussy and send men to do the same job , just without the ugly pictures . 
  they did what their job required of them . 
  `` never again shall war emanate from german soil '' , maybe . 
  said by chancellor willy brandt .
