  just about every `` bleeding heart '' ngo has repeatable criticized these reform proposals . 
  the eu is getting quite harsh , they just still refuse to go the `` just do n't have any refugees any more lol '' - route that apparently people on the internet favour . 
  stupid reality . 
  woah careful , you might make your favourite `` generous germany '' meme seem inconsistent with reality . 
  not too many details , you know how this works . 
  my point is that it does n't matter . 
  greeces was collapsing under the weight , the system was failing , the numbers growing exponentially before she said anything . 
  criticize her all you want , but to focus on merkel or to call her * the * major contributor is absurd and nothing but scapegoating . 
  luckily this is not about our guests whatsoever , it 's about a future system . 
  sadly most have a memory reaching back to exactly september 2015 and not a week longer . 
  but to be fair that was the week when 2m people just materialized in europe out of thing air , it was very memorable . 
  our acceptance rates are below average , btw . 
  what do germany and sweden have to do with this ? 
  that 's bad news then , since it 's very very likely to happen in some form . 
  a member of european parliament proposing something is not `` speaking for everyone else '' , what the hell . 
  if you need a scapegoat , knock yourself out . 
  yeah , but that has nothing to do with this . 
  it 's not a swedish proposal ( m ** e ** p ) , it 's the same old quota idea which would be part of a reformed european asylum system : if a country receives more applications than they can handle in a given year , the rest would be distributed across the eu . 
  the idea is to not lose control again in a situation like 2015 , where greece was clearly incapable of dealing with the influx yet since there was no eu-system in place to deal with it , we ended up with hundreds of thousands marching across europe uncontrolled . 
  independently of trying to reduce the numbers of asylum seekers through deals with turkey or libya and stricter border control , a proper system still needs procedures in place for when that fails . 
  it is an attempt to bring order to something that currently has none , not crazy wacko sweden trying to force their way on everyone else . 
  it 's pretty big man . 
  we 're talking an extra 100 billion * a year * for just the european nato members to get to 2 % , let alone the rest of europe . 
  imagine what else we could do with that kind of money . 
  if we procrastinate on it for 3 years we could pay off greece 's entire debt . 
  the next year we could give a couple hundred thousand for a new lab/it room/cafeteria to every school in europe . 
  before we spend that kind of money , we better make sure we * really really * need to . 
  that 's an american actor , who gives a shit . 
  i do n't know any german my age ( ~ 30 ) that feels guilty . 
  that 's more often than not a lazy explanation of non-germans for behaviour they do n't understand/like . 
  i 'd describe it as feeling a responsibility to remember and learn . 
  no i really do n't know your trade balance with vanuatu , i swear on my mother . 
  i was n't being literal , i do n't know the situation between you and vanuatu . 
  read it as : it 's not an eu-us specific issue . 
  you have a trade deficit with everybody . 
  in any case not everything shows up in those anyway . 
  if facebook makes a profit in europe , it 's almost exclusively the us that actually profits . 
  that wo n't show up in those precious trade balances though . 
  that 's what they 're trying to do , but germany is probably the absolute worst country to bring up in this context . 
  no sane german would ever be enticed by this - not even our eurosceptics really - and other europeans ( i presume ) know this . 
  they 'll just get laughed at . 
  for it . 
  spd refused to vote for it to `` keep the coalition peace '' with cdu . 
  so if there 's another spd-cdu coalition it could still happen if spd insists on making it part of the coalition agreement this time around . 
  not unless liverpool officials ordered their fans to storm the other block . 
  in which case , yeah , they probably should n't and would n't be proud of their club . 
  weird example . 
  she never said that , and the numbers had been rapidly increasing for years . 
  the european asylum system had started to fail ~ 2011 , and yet in 2014 refugee camps in the nations surrounding syria were still underfunded and no serious push to reform dublin had been made . 
  2015 was the result of europe-wide , systemic failure . 
  not the root of the crisis . 
  i 'll never get my head around people believing germany , a country in the middle of europe with no outer schengen border is somehow the reason for this . 
  if the system actually worked at all , we would n't even be involved in all this . 
  it 's an easy scapegoat , but the wrong one . 
  this is on all of us . 
  doing what 's popular is not the definition of populism . 
  hungary also started to lose control of the situation in summer of 2015 , bitched about this being our fault for not just letting everyone in , which led to germany and austria agreeing to let in the ~ 20.000 people stuck in budapest . 
  which hungary of course took to mean `` bus every asylum seeker in the country to the border immediately '' , and then a month later proceeded to bitch about us letting everyone in . 
  so yeah they sure `` did it '' all by themselves , brave little hungary . 
  heroes . 
  `` evil austria '' was explicitly part of the decision to let in people from hungary . 
  merkel signed a deal a couple days ago with the tunisian government to speed up deportations , actually . 
  seems so . 
  here 's a definition :   populism is a political doctrine that proposes that the common people are exploited by a privileged elite , and which seeks to resolve this . 
  the underlying ideology of populists can be left , right , or center . 
    its goal is uniting the uncorrupt and the unsophisticated `` little man '' against the corrupt dominant elites ( usually the established politicians ) and their camp of followers ( usually the rich and the intellectuals ) . 
    it is guided by the belief that political and social goals are best achieved by the direct actions of the masses . 
  although it comes into being where mainstream political institutions fail to deliver , there is no identifiable economic or social set of conditions that give rise to it , and it is not confined to any particular social class . 
  i feel like i 'm going crazy with all this , because to me there is exactly a 0 % chance of the eu `` breaking up '' . 
  some other countries might leave , the type of relationship might revert to a more economically focused one - but it will always exist in * some * form . 
  there 's never going to be a point where we just say `` okay that 's it , let 's pack it in folks '' and dramatically turn of the lights in brussels like in an old sitcom . 
  aah , then it makes sense . 
  over here you get a handcart , load it up with beer/liquor and walk around while getting drunk . 
  seems so . 
  you actually see women with painted-on moustaches walk along too nowadays . 
  not if you 're single . 
  the line is at ~ 1000 $ for a single household and ~ 2000 $ for a 4 person household with 2 kids . 
  and here i thought us germans were sticklers for the rules ... its not just fathers that participate . 
  nov 19th . 
  then there 's fathers day , which has warped into `` national mens drinking day '' in germany . 
  maybe a woman would wonder on an internet forum what would happen if they did the same with women . 
  that 's true , but a slightly different problem . 
  we have minimum wage now , and a full time minimum wage job - usually meaning you somehow managed to have no relevant qualifications at all - will already put you over the poverty line . 
  this is mostly about people not fully participating in the labour market , or single mothers with no education and a kid or two and similar situations . 
  they will , but it takes time . 
  current data shows that it takes up to 15 years until they reach employment rates similar to other migrant groups , but they do reach it or get close eventually - provided the state offers proper assistance . 
  nobody in their right mind thought they 'd all get jobs immediately . 
  do you fry/cook it or is it like a sandwich spread ? 
  because i could wrap my head around the second . 
  damn . 
  is that common for politicians in france ? 
  i always thought that was more of an american thing . 
  for comparisons this is merkels [ weekend home ] ( http://imgur.com/ypmmb0h ) . 
  so is he not going to write a final article or make a conclusion video or something ? 
  nice , that should mean we 're safe . 
  yes finally someone had the guts to call is bad ... they get so little coverage . 
  what do you mean ? 
  because they were asked by the french . 
  parliamentary immunity is supposed to stop people from constantly being sued/prosecuted for their work in parliament , and protect them from political persecution . 
  it 's not there to make them immune from from regular laws .
