  if they simply said `` the refugee crisis increased the chances of terror attacks '' , they would absolutely not be shamed . 
  you know , the open and honest debate you want . 
  but it always has to be `` those are merkels dead !!!!! '', 
  right off the bat . 
  emotion , exaggeration , lies - provocation . 
  their entire mo is to provoke . 
  neither were particularly relevant to start with , and to get the publicity they needed they deliberatly provoked reactions from those that could give it to them . 
  what you are doing now is blaming the people reacting for ruining political discourse , not the ones that very much wanted/needed the political discourse to be this way . 
  they thrive in the mud . 
  if afd had simply `` insisted on an open and decent debate '' like you want , they 'd not be where they are . 
  and trump would not have won on `` we need to marginally increase border control '' and `` obamas foreign policy empowered isis '' , it needed to be `` build a wall '' and `` nasty hillary founded isis '' . 
  you have it the wrong way around . 
  afd was the one to break taboos of political discourse , rely on outrage , insults , lies and exaggeration . 
  the fault you can assign to `` urban germany '' is that they got dragged down to that level too easily . 
  w\u00e4hw\u00e4hw\u00e4h . 
  everyone does that . 
  same way conservatives * love * to call anyone to their left naive , head in the clouds romantics who lack real world experience . 
  same shit , different details . 
  same shit you are doing right now , btw . 
  `` urban germany deludes itself like religious people '' is of course a * much * more enlightened argument , right ? 
  afd gets ridiculed because they say ridiculous stuff . 
  they make no secret about it , it 's their current well documented tactic : say outrageous things , get headlines . 
  falling for it and being outraged at those outrageous statements might not be the smart reaction , but it is the obvious one . 
  tl ; dr nothing extraordinary happened . 
  fascinating stuff . 
   the fourth report on economic and social cohesion ( 2007 ) shows preliminary estimates for the period 2000-2013 which suggest an increase in gdp compared to a baseline scenario without cohesion policy , of around 3,5 % in greece and 3,1 % in portugal and larger ones for the new member states ( 2004-2013 ) : 9,0 % in the czech republic and latvia , 8,5 % in lithuania and estonia , 6 % in bulgaria and slovakia , and 5,5 % in poland . 
  in addition , it is estimated that by 2015 around 2 million additional jobs will be generated due to these levels of investment . 
  your welcome btw . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but to me it would seem you 're not nearly important enough to get any kind of special deal akin to what britain had . 
  and if you want to leave over corporate tax issues , that 's incredibly easy to spin into a positive for the eu . 
  i understand the concept , but the jump from `` 30 $ max for any distance '' to the price day-off is just absurd . 
  especially since i 've sat in many almost empty trains with a very expensive ticket in my pocket . 
  depends , really . 
  the db price system is just fucked . 
  i can book a train from berlin to stuttgart ( ice , 6 hours ) for 29 $ a week in advance ( not going to beat that with a car ) , but if need to go tomorrow it 's 150 $ . 
  never understood the business sense behind that . 
  it 's a map of all crimes these guys can find that mentions `` foreigners '' or `` southern looking '' , `` dark skinned '' or `` migrants '' or `` eastern european '' . 
  it 's not a map of refugee crime . 
  not to mention how terribly incomplete it is . 
  if this was a map of all crimes committed by foreigners or even close to it , they 'd probably be the least criminal group on earth . 
  it should n't be shocking to anyone that 's read some statistics or just has a general idea of the scope of the country . 
  thus you can have your opinion , but basing it on this map or believing it shows anything relevant is a bad idea . 
  that map always makes me sad because it 's such a great illustration of people being incapable of understanding the world . 
  it 's just too big for us now . 
  who knew there 'd be a lot of crimes in a country of 80 million . 
  like bremen . 
  it 's a city of ~ 500.000 people and lists 20 cases of assault from `` foreign looking people '' , and that 's supposed to be shocking . 
  the total number of assault each year is 6.000 in bremen alone . 
  too big to comprehend for a lot of people , apparently . 
   has the syrian conflict somehow got a dangerous grip on a country literally on the other side of the continent ? 
  you were talking about entire countries , not individuals . 
  yes but how do you know they are n't in any danger ? 
  you figure it out during the asylum process . 
  keep in mind asylum is not actually for war refugees at all , it 's for politically ( religiously , ethnically etc ) persecuted people . 
  and there 's definitely plenty of that in northern africa . 
  most will rightfully be denied , but since often enough the stake literally is `` if we get it wrong we send him to his death '' , it has to be done properly . 
  the problem is n't with giving them a way to make their case , it 's in our failure to deport the ones that get denied . 
  i do n't think many would mind very much if the 10 % or whatever of moroccans with a rightful claim got to stay . 
  she said biggest challenge/test , not threat . 
  that 's weak stuff , bbc . 
  and romania not being in schengen does n't stop you from that conclusion ? 
  so how sure are you that you know what schengen is ? 
  ca n't do anything but laugh . 
  people build a bunch of houses next to tegel airport anticipating it to be shut down , but now there 's talk about keeping it open even once the new one is ready because it took so long , and at that point capacity already wo n't be big enough again . 
  until they finish another expansion that is , but surely that will be done quickly right ? 
  true , but the german chancellor was deliberately made to be a weak ( de facto ) head of state . 
  she is not supposed to be able to fix these massive things by herself . 
  and ? 
  she 's a regular hippy by russian standards but i do n't see how that 's in the least bit relevant outside of your meme-politics . 
  correlates heavily with people not knowing wtf they 're talking about . 
  like the old `` germany is super left '' nugget . 
  betrays your ignorance . 
  everyone can apply for asylum , that 's how it has to be . 
  but the barrier is higher if someone is from what 's considered a safe country , which is why we pushed to put the balkan countries on there . 
  gangs and drugs dont just become problems for no reason . 
  um , you might want to google some oft those claims you just made . 
  i do n't know if its really about gun laws . 
  i 'd say economic inequality , gun culture , favouring punishment over rehabilitation and a smaller social net play a bigger role . 
  do n't want to be harsh , but its fairly useless this way . 
  those pks reports should include tables where they 're already excluded . 
  ca n't really tell which data exactly you used , but glancing at it you seemed to have made the mistake of not excluding crimes related to the foreigners law , illegal entry and such . 
  they 'd make up like 90 % of all crime committed by syrians , for example . 
  he is n't one if his asylum gets denied . 
  you know , the legal definition . 
  how far-fetched . 
  the reason is people being incapable of recognizing an opinion piece ? 
  i actually agree with that , severe lack of media competency is the real issue . 
  it does n't matter if it describes reality , its a conceptual approach . 
  what people want it to be , not necessarily what it is . 
  multiculturalism is not just having multiple cultures present in a country , its the name of a concept of dealing with it . 
  basically the opposite of the us melting pot . 
  its used as a buzzword now , but incorrectly . 
  . . or maybe question yourself instead of the people living here ? 
  media sensationalizes , as do certain people and politicians with an interest in making things seem worse . 
  reality can rarely keep up with it , no matter the topic . 
  israel became this way because they are surrounded by hostile nations and had victims of terror that would number in the literal ** millions ** if we 'd scale it up to european proportions . 
  calm down . 
  fitting german saying : nothing gets eaten as hot as its cooked . 
  people like to sensationalize . 
  take a look where most refugees are located , if you have a minute .
