  at least where the two do n't go together . 
  it 's a great start , but i remember steinbr\u00fcck started out very popular too and then sank like a stone over the course of the year once he actually had to engage with merkel . 
  she 's a tough one . 
  a lot of it might just be merkel-fatigue and finally having someone `` new '' with a bit of excitement around him . 
  hopefully he can carry it further . 
  we are currently negotiating with : japan , new zealand , morocco , tunisia , asean ( indonesia , thailand , malaysia , philipines ) , india and mercosur ( argentina , brazil , paraguay , uruguay , venezuela ) . 
  busy busy , and by the time trump is done we might be the clear trade superpower . 
  though to be fair , afaik none of them would have the same level of integration or potential influence on us as ttip , so to a certain extend it made sense to focus on that one . 
  so he 's a man coming into a field he has no experience in , telling us that he can do multitudes better than any experts . 
  he is either a moron , lying or trying to screw you bigly . 
  wait do you not have chocolate in the us ? 
  figures his understanding of trade comes straight out of the 70s . 
  a trade deal in 90 days by bypassing `` the bureaucrats '' ? 
  where did they find this guy ? 
  i do n't really want anything . 
  but they 're saying after 2 years - after a huge amount of effort , conflict , progress and disappointment by a lot of countries - they come along with the great plan of : `` we will be very active '' . 
  which unless the article omits a lot is political speak for `` we will do some small token effort '' . 
  i do n't mind and i do n't think either of them is expected to take a bigger role in this anyway . 
  just thought it was funny because this article reads like something from 1.5 years ago . 
  `` we 've thought about it for two years and have decided to not do anything . '', 
  yes , it probably is the better option in the present . 
  but it reduces the `` cushion '' we 'd have in the future . 
  add another 3 decades , another 2 financial crises and that cushion is gone . 
  the us is living in the present , we 're a bit more concerned about the future - particularly with an eye on our demographics as well as our role as the stabilizer of the euro zone . 
  i do n't know what 's better . 
  but what we 're doing seems like pretty standard anti-cyclical spending to me . 
  i can understand what happened in greece/ireland/portugal is more controversial , though . 
  and i think that 's what gabriel was referring to anyway . 
  that 's only true if there is never a crisis that requires spending again . 
  we 're still 10 % over the debt-level we had pre-2008 . 
  so are we then supposed to operate with a deficit for all eternity ? 
  that 's not necessarily an issue with breaking even , another option is to increase taxes . 
  but of course most do n't want that either . 
  i think you grossly underestimate the amount of leverage they have over an eu that obvious to everyone is struggling badly with a comparably small amount of migrants . 
  i also think threatening to destabilize north african countries is an empty and therefore stupid threat , because the consequences for ourselves would be immense , just like they have been . 
  if we have learnt anything , it should be that our priority has to be the opposite - stabilizing the region , even if that 's not as much fun as slamming our big dick on the table . 
  i wonder where all those people might want to go after we crushed their local economy . 
  basically they asked people who they 'd vote for if we had a direct vote . 
  first line is `` overall '' , then it 's split by voters of the different parties . 
  so for example gabriel would 've only won against merkel by 3 % of votes among spd voters , * his own party * . 
  which is a great illustration of how unpopular he was ( and how much cross-party respect merkel has ) the idea is that since schulz is for example much more popular among die linke voters , some of them might switch to voting for spd and indirectly schulz instead . 
  direct vote : [ merkel vs gabriel ] ( http://imgur.com/7aluywp ) - [ merkel vs schulz ] ( http://imgur.com/yvxtcek ) so big boost all around , but especially among spd/left/green voters . 
  in effect though i 'd say that this might bring back enough voters and push spd just enough to ensure another grand coalition and block anything else . 
  spd actually winning is still an incredibly long shot , though with us-eu relations possibly stealing a lot of the spotlight away from the refugee crisis which was sure to dominate , maybe schulz as `` the eu guy '' can pull something off . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i do n't think there 's anyone we trust more than the french . 
  so unless le pen wins , it 's not an issue . 
  i did n't , i do n't know them . 
  i called them nazi supporters . 
  not everyone , very specific people . 
  people you do n't know - to be fair as an american ca n't truly know - yet feel required to defend anyway . 
  which is quite silly . 
  you do n't have to have an opinion on everything . 
  oh , and grown men usually do n't call each other 12 year olds . 
  that 's it with the life tips from me . 
  come on at least try to fake it , i 'm sure it would be a funny read . 
  you also seem to like pre-prepared talking points to give the impression of knowing what you 're talking about . 
  but please , inform me of the current internal development of the afd . 
  steinmeier - our president to be - straight up called him a hate preacher ... hopefully he has forgotten that by now , that 'd be awkward . 
  this strategy of alienating the eu ... jesus christ . 
  [ you go , global britain . 
  sorry , but i just want to tell you that your obsession with the `` german guilt complex '' and `` reinterpreting history '' is really quite odd and a bit creepy . 
  i do n't need one any more . 
  they made obvious to every interested voter exactly what they are , so i will make my conclusions about the people still willing to vote for them . 
  since they 're also refusing to kick out h\u00f6cke , i shall go back to calling afd voters nazi supporters . 
  red line crossed , so , so many times . 
  pakistan had a female pm too , actually . 
  i do n't think you can infer all that much from stuff like that , though . 
  yes , voters . 
  getting elected and being an effective politician are sadly not the same , and require different skill sets . 
  governments are not known for their efficiency because negotiating in a democratic framework is immeasurably more complicated than doing so in most businesses - let alone one at trumps level . 
  not because they 're shit at it . 
  if he was some titan of industry , fine . 
  but the trump organization is fairly chickenshit compared to modern multinational conglomerates . 
  so you better hope he listens to his actually qualified advisors or you might have to realize the con-man conned you . 
  bullshitting morons who believe clinton is a demon and `` persuading '' small-time contractors in new-york is different from doing the same with foreign governments . 
  i see no indication of him being a `` great negotiator '' other than him saying so . 
  i 'm sure he 'd * love * to be ceo of the us , luckily that job does n't exist yet . 
  fine , if you need a strong daddy to feel safe i can see why someone like putin might be attractive . 
  but trump is not a strong man , his insecurities are there for everyone to see . 
  he was a big boy in regional real estate development and reality tv - but the pond he just entered is a tiny bit bigger . 
  did you not listen to the man ? 
   gove : you mentioned you have german ancestors . 
  what does it mean for you to have german blood in your veins ? 
   trump : well , it 's great . 
  i mean , i 'm very proud of germany and germany is very special bad d\u00fcrkheim , right ? 
  this is serious germany , right ? 
  like this is n't any question -- this is serious germany . 
  no , i 'm very proud of germany . 
  i love germany , i love the uk . 
  ^ we 're ^ ^ all ^ ^ gon na ^ ^ ^ ^ dieeee, 
  that 35 % tariff on cars from mexico he keeps talking about breaks both nafta * and * wto rules , that 's where the worry comes from . 
  how many religious guys are they going to roll out ?!, 
  this is absurd . 
  obama is like `` wtf are you talking about '' . 
  i find it all very tacky , but somehow americans can pull that shit off . 
  would look ridiculous in a european country . 
  but i mean , the german oath of office has god in it too ( `` as god is my witness/so may god help me '' ) . 
  it can be left out , but most keep it . 
  i remember it was a big deal when the schr\u00f6der cabinet ( spd+g reens ) mostly dropped it in 98 .
