  yes , until schulz went on the offensive last week it was actually not a topic * at all * in terms of election strategy . 
  basically the spd has - mostly on the state level - often blocked a stronger response so they 'd rather not talk about it , it is likely to lose them votes since the public is closer to the cdu stance . 
  and for the cdu , the refugee crisis is the only topic in which afd matters , it 's really all they have . 
  avoid making it an issue and you starve them of all attention and votes . 
  i do n't think this will bring it back though . 
  and if it does , it 's not going to change the outcome of the election . 
  that edeka is like 3 minutes away from where my ex used to live . 
  and berlin was the christmas market i took my nephew + niece to a couple times . 
  i feel stalked . 
  anyway proud of those guys that intervened . 
  do n't fuck with hamburg , it will fuck you right back . 
  well they were n't migrants . 
  they sure are now though . 
  sure but if their dumb asses manage to finish with a migrants-stopped count of -5 after 125.000 $ spent , they might lie to not look like total idiots . 
  [ some guys clearly saw the video from spain the other day . 
  ] ( https://streamable.com/zid96 ), 
  oh yeah totally believe the far-right guys who are clearly only in it for the publicity . 
  they 'd never lie . 
  lol the government interfering with hamburg state police would be a great way to end careers . 
  just shush with the nonesense . 
  not a lot more . 
  apparently someone ran in and started stabbing people , then he fled but people followed him and police was then able to detain him . 
  police called it a robbery at first but that seems to have been wrong . 
  there was also talk of another attacker but apparently media got that wrong as well and it was a single guy . 
  got ta give it another hour or two . 
  even k\u00f6ln was good looking !, 
  i 'm beginning to think that war might have been a poor idea . 
  the eu has been a lot more vocal than the german government about this , so the title is entirely correct . 
  you know you can turn that around and end with `` polish policy '' , right ? 
  the danger of memes . 
  i 'm much more worried about them apparently being able to conjure up lighting strikes . 
  if you think this was ever going to end in any other way than this , you 're the one drinking the kool-aid . 
  please tell me you donated too . 
  i did n't what now ? 
   the migrants are there specifically because it is a failed state , allowing human traffickers relatively free reign . 
  hence why the eu is so desperate to train their coast guard . 
  of course they do , it 's not the middle ages . 
  they coordinate with with italian mrsc . 
  you can always count on far-righters to be absolute mongs , luckily . 
  but i thought they 'd end up in a libyan prison instead , so all things considered they did well i guess . 
  the ngos are n't in libyan waters , apart from the odd mistake . 
  the migrants are there specifically because it is a failed state , allowing human traffickers relatively free reign . 
  hence why the eu is so desperate to train their coast guard . 
  egypt and tunisia to my knowledge have refused to take in these migrants . 
  merkel tried a while ago , and i do n't think random ngos would have a better chance . 
  the rest i have no idea wtf you 're talking about , `` their stance '' . 
  who * does n't * consider libya a failed state right now ? 
  again though : then be pissed at the italian authorities - which they are in contact with - that allow them to do it , not the guys who do n't fancy bringing people back to a failed state with numerous reports of migrants being tortured and sold into literal slavery if they are given the choice not to . 
  there 's a really long history of ngos rescuing people at sea and they still exist the world over . 
  if you get shipwrecked in german waters you 'll get rescued by one too , the dlrg . 
  they saw a lack of coverage , so they stepped in . 
  i fully understand how people find that annoying , but i find it a really odd thing to be pissed at people for . 
  i 'd rather be pissed at people who ca n't come up with a better solution than `` let 's just not save some people from drowning any more '' . 
  it 's unworthy of what we are supposed to be . 
  that 's the general cost difference between chlorine and non-chlorine chicken you read about . 
  in any case who really gives a fuck about chicken , it 's just a good example . 
  us gdp is slightly larger , but the volume of imports/exports is significantly less than that of the eu . 
  they do n't trade as much . 
  more importantly distance matters a whole lot in trade . 
  for the uk , the us will never be as important as the eu in trade . 
  so really what the uk should ideally do is stick very closely to eu regulations - which are more important than the us ones worldwide anyway - and do trade deals based on those . 
  like switzerland does pretty successfully . 
  the problem is that because it 's 20 % cheaper , you 'd basically be forcing uk farmers to do the same to compete . 
  but then they can not export that chicken to the eu any longer and that market will stay much more important after brexit . 
  so you get cheap chicken but it screws your own businesses . 
  i have no clue about the british chicken industry so who knows how much that matters , but you can expect that dilemma to repeat a hundred times . 
  it 's one of the reasons why rushing into a trade deal with the us before the relationship to the eu is clear really is n't the most brilliant idea . 
  lowering trade barriers to the us will in many cases raise them to the eu at the same time . 
  that 's benevolent of you that you do n't care about world wide recession , but how do you plan to get china to sign such an agreement ? 
  first world war , then a great recession ? 
  that 's a hard pass from me i think . 
  i 've run out of ways to say it 's fu *** ng voluntary . 
  actually no wait : those pledges are afaik raised as part of the green climate fund , which means exiting the paris agreement does n't actually affect those at all . 
  i wonder if somebody told trump . 
  again , it 's voluntary and precedes the paris agreement , so it 's no reason to back out of it . 
  additionally , us pledges would add up to 9 $ per person . 
  ** none ** of the money has gone to china because as you rightly say , they do n't need it . 
  so again i 'm sorry but you were lied to . 
  that 's a complete misunderstanding of the deal , people lied to you . 
  as a still ( rapidly ) developing country chinas co2 output is still increasing naturally , while for us in developed nations that 's not the case . 
  we 're past our peak . 
  asking them to set the same goals as us ( a reduction ) would send their economy crashing and require huge restrictions on the human development of their citizens . 
  so instead their goal is to reach their peak earlier than they would without intervention ( by 2030 , that 's where your number comes from ) and start decreasing from there . 
  they already are doing something and are undertaking the same amount of effort as us . 
  as for the `` subsidies '' - they 're voluntary . 
  i said no such thing , at all , so let me rephrase : the current situation is that we get our gas partly through belarus/poland or ukraine . 
  german businesses pay transit fees that help their economies which is important really only in the case of ukrain . 
  and it means if russia fucks with their gas supply it annoys us too , ideally keeping them in check . 
  they still can though . 
  but that 's not elegant whatsoever . 
  what we can alternatively do is let private companies build pipelines directly from producer to consumer , making gas cheaper for businesses . 
  we then build up connections from west to east , meaning russia loses * all * leverage they have over eastern europe . 
  then all of europe pitches in and we give ukraine those 3b a year to support them , instead of forcing businesses to do it for us . 
  we let business do it 's thing in the free market , then step in and let politics deal with the political side . 
  more elegant , more efficient . 
  is that why we make aldi pay for nato ? 
  we can build pipes in the other direction too nowadays . 
  in fact as far as i remember , since last year we can deliver gas from western europe to ukraine , just not in the volume needed . 
  poland was always offered a connection . 
  that 's a problem with a solution , and since connectivity of the energy market is a stated goal anyway ...
