  the current merkel ministers all used it , afaik . 
  you 're a good example . 
  thanks . 
  jewish and left-leaning . 
  not a combination that 'll make you well liked in todays climate . 
  i remember when i went on school exchange with some school in norway in stavanger . 
  we were one of the best schools in the state , so were they . 
  but we were the usual underfunded shithouse like most of the world knows , and then they had like computer rooms ( still rare back then ) and a friggin tennis and golf course and delicious food and shit . 
  it was like coming from a third world nation . 
  i hate you guys . 
   `` as we have been trying to explain to our european partners for years , this surplus is not a problem , but rather an advantage , '' spahn , a member of german chancellor angela merkel 's christian democrats ( cdu , ) said in an interview at his office in the german finance ministry . 
  `` considering that , for years , this has been proven hard to explain in brussels , we will probably need a couple more rounds in d.c. , as well . '' good lord man , be more full of yourself . 
  anyway , trump going after german car makers right off the bat is either bold or quite stupid . 
  he 's had marginal success bullying random ( american ) companies , but vw and friends are basically cultural institutions here , so it will instantly become political . 
  if he wants to make it a general and big debate it 's correct , but if he just wants some nice headlines and a couple thousand jobs they 're the worst companies to go after . 
   britain could lower tax rates to lure businesses from the continent , she warned , while a lack of flexibility from brussels risked `` crushing into tiny pieces '' the eu project . 
  always happy to help buddy . 
  the absence of quotation marks is supposed to tell you that it is not a quote , but instead the author paraphrasing the content of her speech . 
  much knowledge , but i fail to see the point . 
  biden said it went away and is coming back , i say it never did . 
  that does n't really require the concepts to be equal . 
  i do n't think it ever stopped being defined by spheres of influence . 
  it just seemed that way because we 've been winning for a couple decades straight . 
  what are you even talking about . 
  they are in germany for training exercises with other nato countries and power projection towards the middle east . 
  whenever you start one of your shitty wars , 95 % of your troops go through europe . 
  that 's their purpose , not russia . 
  you closed down most of your bases and reduced troops from 250.000 to soon 30.000 . 
  because as you might have noticed , we 're not bordering the soviet union any more . 
  nato stopped being about an actual war quite a while ago . 
  russia can not beat europe in an offensive war , you 're not protecting germany any more . 
  it 's become a tool of influence : if you align with the west , you 'll be protected . 
  that requires a guarantee . 
  if you 're willing to make nato a bargaining chip for something mostly irrelevant like a trade war , that guarantee is gone and nato is dead . 
  which will also make it worthless as a bargaining chip . 
  he ca n't raise a tariff on `` german cars made outside the us '' . 
  he can raise the tariff for cars made in mexico or cars made in the eu . 
  even that would break wto rules . 
  he ca n't raise tariffs on german goods , we have a single market so he 'd have to raise it on all european goods . 
  maybe he 's more `` powerful '' than merkel , but that 's a trade war with an economy the size of the us and biggest trade block in the world . 
  i do n't know what you 're even talking about with `` military leverage '' . 
  if he makes commitment to nato depended on us not raising tariffs in return , that 's the moment nato is dead anyway . 
   in terms of power merkel is a leightweight compared to trump . 
  i doubt it . 
  the us is more powerful than germany , sure . 
  but trump is still an outsider , merkel has been cultivating relationships , trust and respect at the highest level for 12 years . 
  lets first see if trump can actually get anything done before we proclaim him all that powerful . 
  politics is not business . 
  i 'd not be shocked if the us congress mostly does their thing while throwing him a bone once in a while for publicity 's sake . 
  would war be a disaster ? 
  tough one . 
  maybe this time it 'll solve everything . 
  that 's what they 're doing anyway . 
  the rise of afd has killed npd . 
  just a coincidence , of course . 
  it 's because the quote is not complete . 
  he was trying to spin immigration into a positive . 
  like you said , he 'd have to be insane to mean it literally . 
  i mean south korea is still very new at the top in a historical sense , and japan is having some pretty serious issues , but we 'll see . 
  i always thought it was a strength of europe that because we were never as unified as other places , we could handle this ourselves . 
  do n't really need outside help . 
  but that 's what he meant . 
  and after all she took over during the violent merkel-putsch of 04 . 
  can you fathom that he was n't literal , but talking about `` innovative potential '' of open societies compared to closed ones ? 
  sch\u00e4uble is a bit of a dick , but not all that dumb . 
  please , merkel by now must be desperate to have a strong french president again . 
  i can sympathise when a smaller nation feels pressured by germany - but if france does , well , just step up then . 
  we 're waiting . 
  eu member states can not negotiate their own trade deals . 
  so they can offer trade deals in much the same way we could to texas - `` nothing stopping us '' , it just makes no sense . 
  the man tipped to be ambassador of the us in brussel is openly offering to help break it up . 
  a day after the president elect said he does n't care about the eu and trusts merkel and putin equally . 
  what the fuck . 
  it 's gon na be a couple months of pretending everything is fine and normal , but things are going to turn legitimately hostile quickly if they keep going like this . 
  now what ? 
  every newspaper in existence has gotten many stories wrong . 
  it does not follow that all of them are of the same quality or have the same chance of doing so . 
  if that 's all it takes for you to discredit a paper , well , wtf are you reading ? 
  right , but the fiesta was still designed in europe . 
  it 's now sold in the us and some stuff like the mustang is starting to make it over here , but the reason for fords relative success is still the same : european designs for the european market . 
  winner of 47 pulizer prizes , the one that broke the watergate and nsa scandal ? 
  one of the primary sources of actual investigative and political journalism in the world ? 
  that 's your go to example of fake news ? 
  good stuff . 
  explains a lot . 
  and ? 
  fiesta , ka , s-max , focus etc are european designs . 
  they do n't sell most of their us stuff here . 
  ford europe is headquartered in cologne . 
  they employ 5.000 people at their research facility in britain . 
  so what was bullshit exactly ? 
  cry more . 
  actually we will all lose . 
  if trump continues to piss off both the eu * and * china , you will be the one that 's properly fucked though . 
  how about the nerve to threaten a german company for building a factory in mexico to sell to all kinds of international markets . 
  the response was pretty mild . 
  yeah , because they sell cars designed by ford europe , which operates out of - drum roll - cologne ( and britain somewhere ) . 
  american tastes/priorities are just too different for `` their '' cars to sell well here . 
  so far it seems him threatening our car makers with tariffs is what 's making the headlines over the nato comments . 
  you 're putting 700 year old churches over people .
