  from 2012-2015 . 
  the numbers had quadrupled here already by 2014 . 
  italy and greece just got it the worst and early but it was never `` isolated '' . 
  it was part of the larger reform plans , so this would really only ever be implemented should the process be more or less entirely in eu hands . 
  so if frontex actually protected the outer borders and the `` hotspots '' would work . 
  at that point greece could n't just decide that . 
  if under that system there was an emergency and a country could n't manage the flow any more , it would trigger relocations . 
  and if countries ca n't / wo n't participate , they 'd have to pay instead . 
  jeez . 
  it was already proposed like 2 years ago , people hated it but so far we 're still alive . 
  but then later it was also part of the `` flexible solidarity '' proposal from the v4 themselves , just worded nicer , `` voluntary alternative contribution '' or whatever . 
  all about how you sell it , but currently he 's trying to win an election first . 
  no , discrimination here refers to different treatment of an individual based on their affiliation to a certain group - ethnicity , gender , religion , origin - rather than on individual merit . 
  what you think of that group and why , whether that 's backed up by data or not , is irrelevant . 
  it is discrimination . 
  if people are for that , fine . 
  but let 's call a spade a spade and not redefine the word just so it does n't sound as bad any more . 
  it came about in the early 2000s because we all got a bit lazy after the cold war , then the financial crisis hit so budgets were slashed , then it was reaffirmed in 2014 . 
  it 's not in the nato treaty , it 's not something you dictated , it 's something we agreed together . 
  the gap is there because you 're spending habits are absurd . 
  i understand our argument of wanting to reduce dependency , i understand the argument of you wanting to spend a bit less . 
  but what 's the argument then if you 're not going to reduce it anyway ? 
  principle ? 
  subsidizing the defence industry ? 
  no thanks , not worth it . 
  if you want to cut back , just do it . 
  do n't whine , do n't call nato obsolete - just cut your spending . 
  nato will work fine even if you slash it by 33 % . 
  and it 's the best way to get us to increase our budgets . 
  but that 's never an option , of course . 
  the entire fucking point of the agreement to spend 2 % by 2024 is that everyone already agreed - 3 years ago - that we need to spend more . 
  that 's why it exists in the first place and why trump even has that number to hold up and say `` look they do n't meet their obligations '' . 
  personally i find it hilarious that he wants to vastly expand the military while bitching about a couple billion being spend here . 
  if you 're not going to reduce your own spending anyway , what 's the issue for you again ? 
  in fact trump is such a genius , we decided on a budget increase for the bundeswehr before he even started running . 
  from all studies/interviews i 've read , the vast majority of syrians actually want to go home eventually , contrary to those from for example north africa and such . 
  because they really are ( mostly ) refugees . 
  there 's going to be two problems : it 's split between people who ran because of assad or because of isis , and if ( should he win ) assad makes one peep about `` punishing the deserters '' , they can apply for proper asylum and stay indefinitely . 
  it 's `` des menschen / of human beings '' in german so no gender there , but i thought `` man '' was used in english for `` every human being '' in this context . 
  tried my best to properly translate it without sounding stupid . 
  `` the dignity of man is impeachable . 
  nowhere has this been more soundly demonstrated than in germany . 
  therefore article 1 of our constitution [ the dignity of man is unimpeachable ] has to be and remain the unyielding guideline of our conduct , our categorical imperative . '', 
  lammert is a good man . 
  depends on productivity . 
  the general idea is that since 90 % or so of growth is supposed to happen outside of `` the west '' from now on forward , the best strategy is to focus on trade to try and profit from that growth indirectly , impose our way of doing things on them and strengthen economic , political , cultural bonds . 
  that 's very `` grand strategy '' though , and the problems of these deals being a negative influence on certain areas/sectors is one we have to pay more attention to . 
  funnily enough i remember this was originally proposed under the name `` global europe '' . 
  get your own thing , britain !, 
  we 've run an export surplus pretty much every year since the 50s . 
  the euro is a small part of it . 
  `` there is a large feminine component to him . '', 
  `` hitler comes from illiterate peasant stock '' . 
  yeez , cia bringing the heat . 
  well . 
  the eu is the biggest trade partner of 80 nations ( us : 20 ) , negotiating another dozen trade deals and through that , fairly aggressively exporting it 's own regulations/standards around the globe . 
  the us would rather we stop and go back to them being the gold standard . 
  same idea with russia , if the game was for influence in their former satellite states , it 's been the equivalent of messi nutmegging 12 year olds for the last 30 years . 
  so it just means we 're doing something right . 
  the uk is a bit more complicated , of course . 
  pretty much in line with expectations . 
  the next couple of years will be more important . 
  basically it can either double , half or stay the same depending on the development . 
  nothing really , at least as far as i know your way is n't unhealthy . 
  do n't know about taste . 
  it 's just different approaches . 
  the concept of the eu is to have such a high standard from `` farm to fork '' that you do n't need such chemicals to keep it safe . 
  standards here are generally very high . 
  whether that 's because people want it ( europeans freak out over chlorine chicken for some reason ) , because it really is environmentally better overall or just to protect european farmers , i do n't know . 
  with eggs , they naturally have a protective coating that gets washed away in the us . 
  it 's why we can keep our eggs unrefrigerated for weeks . 
  sure it 's dirty , but it 's not like you eat the shells . 
  quick rinse is enough . 
  the us says eggs are dirty and it 's not safe to leave manure and such on there . 
  eu says if it is illegal to wash them , producers will try harder to keep them clean in the first place because people do n't want to buy them otherwise , and if you do n't let them get wet the coating stops bacteria and especially salmonella . 
  again though , not a biologist , no idea what of that is true or if it 's more a move to stop us farms from selling here . 
  the reality is that it ca n't be good . 
  you can reduce tariffs , sure , but with ttip it was estimated that only 20 % of the benefit came from it since they 're low as is . 
  the big difference maker is non tariff barriers , especially standards and regulations . 
  but with ttip dead , the uk adopting us regulations will help trade with the us , but hinder trade with the eu . 
  the famous chlorine chicken example : the us will push hard to allow it in the uk , while it 's forbidden in the eu . 
  it 's also 20 % cheaper than our chicken . 
  so now uk farmers either have to change nothing and compete with much cheaper chicken , or use chlorine too which means they can not export it to the eu any more ( or do both which adds costs ) . 
  as a simple example . 
  and even if eu-uk just goes back to wto rules - the eu market would remain much , much more important for the uk . 
  so a comprehensive trade deal with the us might actually end up hurting the uk , and a loose one mostly focused on tariffs will be ineffective . 
  unless the us decides for god knows what reason to mostly adopt uk ( therefore eu ) regulations . 
  but i think that 's delusional . 
  so britain has to be very , very careful about this and not rush into something for the nice headlines that they might later regret . 
  personally i think that the eu should appeal to all those nostalgic about the empires by telling them we 're currently basically building a trade empire , and all those free trade deals will eventually give us a ridiculous amount of influence and soft/diplomatic power all over the globe . 
  there 's a great game afoot , we 're winning and nobody notices . 
  hire some pr guys . 
  him detailing his positions on domestic issues this sunday is going to be really interesting . 
  if he does well and sets the narrative for a bit , i think this could get interesting . 
  but really it ca n't get much more boring than 2013 . 
  the idea is that `` nobody '' starts out a murderer . 
  but you put that 17 year old in a shitty jail for a couple years because he sold drugs or beat up his class mate , teach him nothing , ruin his career chances once he 's out , brand him for live as a second class citizen and voila , you severely upped the chances of him falling into more serious crime . 
  thus you had your justice for the victims , but increased the chance of there being many more . 
  as distasteful as it is , putting the focus on the criminals rather than the victims reduces crime rate and is therefore the best way to safeguard the community . 
  and that should be the role of the justice system , rather than `` justice '' .
