  seems unlikely tbh . 
  he injured 4 people , ran away and got shot ... no virgins for him . 
  i think the idea is that if we had a gun culture big enough that people would carry one randomly on a train , it would be so pervasive that the nutjob with the axe would instead be a nutjob with a gun as well . 
  and then this would 've ended much worse . 
  it 's hard to have * just * the `` good guys '' have guns . 
  well at least have the balls to say it , do n't hide behind `` it '' and `` one way or another '' . 
  nerds making genocide jokes online is the big plan then ? 
  so what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  i 'm really impressed with the efficiency of identifying 2700 responsible judges within 16 hours * cough cough *, 
  the more dramatic he can make it seem , the more power he can legitimize taking because of it . 
  would be my guess . 
  more sad-drunk currently tbh . 
  just came back from the sp\u00e4ti around the corner and the owner , who 's a kurd , was in a screaming match with a bunch of turks . 
  nothing happened but it feels like everything 's going to shit this year . 
  and we ca n't even beat fucking hansa rostock in a friendly so what 's the point !, 
  he would n't be there if they had any chance of actually winning at this point . 
  the knowledge of what 's waiting for them now i suppose . 
  that 'd be reasonable if she was the solution to the problem , which i highly doubt . 
  to me that sounds a lot simpler than saying goodbye to an enormous chunk of their business . 
  it would leave a hole . 
  either they will find a way to fill it or someone else will . 
  business is gon na business . 
  i think on the list of things i worry about as a european right now , that 's about nr . 
  they can and will move some of their business to another eu-country and neither for the banks or the consumers , anything will change . 
  well let 's just say you would be disappointed by the current polls then . 
  ah , my famous agenda of putting numbers next to each other . 
  foiled again . 
  well i had my fun . 
  you know my point , you just do n't like it . 
  so the lower the muslim population , the more likely you 're to open up a newspaper ? 
  does n't seem like an explanation . 
  the correlation between % of muslim population and unfavorable views is pretty funny to be honest . 
  or sad , i suppose . 
  % of muslims - negative view : * hungary : 0.3 - 72 % * italy : 2.6 - 69 % * poland : 0.1 - 66 % * greece : 4.7 - 65 % * spain : 2.3 -50 % * netherlands : 5.5 -35 % * sweden : 4.9 -35 % * france : 7.5 -29 % * germany : 5 - 29 % * uk : 4.6 - 28 %, 
  what a crappy headline . 
  she did n't admit it , because it makes no fucking sense . 
  even if you believe that her comments lead to a significant increase in asylum seekers , the number was in the hundreds of thousands before she said a single thing . 
  it was exploitable by terrorists before , during and after it . 
  `` everything i do n't understand about germany is because : hitler . '', 
  christ . 
  the report will be published anyway and the washington post is just copy-pasting this from german newspapers that got the info early . 
  so much censorship . 
  yeah i like sources when talking about the effects of policies within the justice system , lol . 
  awful behavior . 
  but not rape . 
  the guy in question was convicted for forcefully kissing a women , he did n't rape her . 
  yeah i 'm sure you 're a real expert on the education of german judges and not just listing bogeymans from the internet . 
  tim wise , central part of every german law degree . 
  source ? 
  sure , but one the pictures the bus looked fairly spotless apart from it . 
  anyway there 's a press conference starting in 40 minutes , so no point in speculating i guess . 
  explosions , not explosives . 
  and tbh firecrackers seem more likely than 3 bombs first going unnoticed and then only managing to shatter the glass . 
  firecrackers explode too . 
  there is a clear difference between saying `` let 's go shoot these motherfuckers '' and `` if the bourgeoisie attempts to stop us with violence , we will resort to it too '' . 
  yes he did n't denounce violence , but to paint him as a war monger who advocated terrorism misses the mark too . 
  to a certain extend . 
  he did n't * want * a violent overthrow , he saw it as a necessary consequence of the conditions at the time . 
  that 's apparent by him categorizing countries by how likely a peaceful revolution was . 
  he thought in england and france violence was unnecessary , while in russia and to a lesser extend germany it was inevitable , because even if the people decided by democratic means the ruling class would suppress any attempts at communism . 
  `` peaceful where possible , violent where necessary '' is probably the way to sum it up . 
  her policies are designed to give people like you plausible deniability , which i think you know very well . 
  because * of course * the 50 year old lady who was in a far right party for half her life under leadership of her dear anti-semitic papa is actually totally moderate and not only pretending to distance herself from the crazy people political gain . 
  no sir . 
  she never liked them . 
  maybe she should n't run around in wolfs clothing , having taking over the wolf pack from her daddy - himself a very well known wolf - if she does n't want to be accused of being a wolf . 
  wolf . 
  they do , but they end in fines not prison time or deportation . 
  sure we are , but we define whatever tribe we belong to ourselves . 
  used to be an actual tribe , became a village , a city , a kingdom , a nation , a union . 
  your `` tribe '' is just whatever you feel connected to since we 're looong past the time where you actually knew every member of it . 
  so while tribalism might be natural , expressing it via a nation state most certainly is n't . 
  and let 's be real , it 's very arbitrary too . 
  i share a lot more values with the polish twenty something next door than with the old lady living above me . 
  only the latter is part of `` my tribe '' though . 
  because she has the same piece of paper saying so . 
  we 've been through slightly worse , you know . 
  for the average person is the best time to live in the best place to live . 
  no need to get all dramatic . 
  this right here is the best chance schulz has . 
  it is basically the core belief of the cdu that the best social program is lowering unemployment and to their credit they 've successfully followed through with that - yet here we are with record employment and rising poverty . 
  or maybe by that time someone from up north will call your national courts `` foreign '' and start leaverpool or something . 
  the central council of jews heavily disagrees though , but why listen to them . 
  not really . 
  political sciences teaches ways to promote democracy . 
  sociology might talk about getting businesses to better engage in health care for their employees . 
  or they 'll teach about mechanisms possible for further integration of the eu . 
  you ca n't talk politically unbiased about potential problems of our constitution . 
  or you might talk about wealth with the horrible assumption that poverty is bad . 
  that 's not impartial , and if you for some reason want to force them to become neutral , you will neuter entire fields . 
  just do n't fucking take them then . 
  we are not all the us . 
  in germany social justice for example refers to things like a fair wage and significant social net . 
  schulz currently runs on it . 
  it 's absurd to judge a course by only the title and refer to it as a `` dangerous ideology '' because you do n't like how some people use it on twitter . 
  that 's a pretty weird recommendation . 
  i 'd guess it would have ended in a major shitstorm if she did wear one after merkel , clinton etc. 
  did n't . 
  it 's saudi arabia , they do n't give a shit so i highly doubt she was asked to in the first place . 
  the president is technically the head of state , but has a largely ceremonial role .
