  it 's of course very easy to not look at it through purely economic lenses if it does n't affect you at all and you can instead cling to your weird romantic notion of the historic german people without consequences . 
  but i 'm one of those guys that would have to pay dearly for your ideas , and i 'd much rather have the odd polish guy move next door . 
  it 's not stopping me from being german , it 's not stopping me from having kids , and it sure as fuck is n't making me go extinct . 
  60 % of those 40 % . 
  ~ 5 % africa , 10 % middle east . 
  no ethnic germans are n't going to have more kids because of it , it 's just the explanation as to why a relatively small number ( 1.2 m ) puts it at ~ 40 % . 
  i find the idea of a demographic collapse and basically writing off my chance of ever getting a pension a little more scary than the idea of some imaginary `` historic people '' going `` extinct '' , thank you very much . 
  ~ 60 % of those have a european background btw , and ~ 80 % of them are german citizens . 
  young people from europe move here . 
  young people have kids . 
  germany is having a demographic crisis . 
  so this is the obvious result . 
  do n't know what 's so scary about it . 
  to protest our wasteful culture . 
  [ the german article ] ( http://www.badische-zeitung.de/freiburger-mensa-will-das-essen-von-resten-verhindern ) had a picture of two of them . 
  this is about university students in friggin freiburg , i highly doubt there 's a lot of starving going on . 
  it 's a political/moral thing . 
  you have no problem with it , but have posted it to 2 subs and brought it up in here again as well . 
  it 's fine though , you have no opinion on it and could n't care less . 
  i also post stories i find irrelevant 3 times . 
  and of course you did n't mean anything by it . 
  it was just a neat human interest story you wanted to share in the context of sexual assault . 
  you might call me rude if it helps , at least i have the balls to state my opinions . 
  not for the good of society , for promotion . 
  anyway , can you kindly just tell me what your problem with refugees learning cultural differences in dating is supposed to be ? 
  no shit about our justice minister or cologne ( unless you have reason to believe they are the same people , in which case call the police ) . 
  just : random refugees , the course - the problem . 
  what the hell do these courses have to do with sex crimes ? 
  another very nice deflection , but again no explanation as to what the problem with this course is . 
  are you asking me ? 
  sure , go ahead and flit your ass off . 
  the article i replied to had nothing to do with those attacks . 
  it was about one of those weird flirt teachers offering courses to refugees . 
  so what 's the issue with that exactly ? 
  i 'm just trying to keep up . 
  nice deflection . 
  are they not allowed to talk to `` our women '' or what 's the problem ? 
  edit : damn , i thought you guys would at least try to come up with an entertaining explanation instead of just downvoting the question . 
  low energy . 
  no , she said that legally there is no upper limit to asylum requests . 
  if someone applies , the number of previous applicants is irrelevant . 
  simple fact . 
  i have no idea why anyone would take it to mean she believes we can take in half a billion people no problem , or that she would not work towards reducing the number of applicants by other means . 
  she 's not a complete moron . 
  another one of these half-truths that gets thrown around a lot . 
  `` the biggest example of populism is someone literally quoting the law '' . 
  makes sense . 
  i know he was sent there to end it , but obviously the best way to do political opposition is n't to never show up and not get involved in anything . 
  not really a mindset i 'll ever understand . 
  at least he could attend now that he 's reached his goal , since he ca n't even excuse it with it being some weird `` tactic '' any more . 
  holds one in the eu though , even if he ca n't be bothered to show up and help his constituents . 
  well if you read the wiki page i assume you also read the rest of it . 
   daniele albertazzi and duncan mcdonnell define populism as an ideology that `` pits a virtuous and homogeneous people against a set of elites and dangerous ` others ' who are together depicted as depriving ( or attempting to deprive ) the sovereign people of their rights , values , prosperity , identity , and voice '' . 
  [ 4 ] rather than viewing populism in terms of specific social bases , economic programs , issues , or electorates as discussions of right-wing populism have tended to do , [ 5 ] -- this type of definition is in line with the approaches of scholars such as ernesto laclau , [ 6 ] pierre-andre taguieff , [ 7 ] yves meny and yves surel , [ 8 ] who have all sought to focus on populism per se , rather than treating it simply as an appendage of other ideologies . 
  that 's not what populism is . 
  the us could take the death penalty of the table , though . 
  that 's how it 's usually done . 
  they walked around once , years ago , as a publicity stunt . 
  well he also said she 's the leader he most admires , but there 's a good chance he just could n't think of anyone besides her and putin . 
  i think you misunderstand the question . 
  if you answer yes to 4 ) , you 'd basically say : `` if a women went home with me , that 's enough and i do n't need consent ( anymore ) . '', 
  no no sorry , if schulz actually runs i 'd actually consider voting spd again . 
  i 'm not saying it would be bad . 
  my point really is just that if you say she should not run , you kinda have to look at the alternatives to make a convincing argument . 
  unless it 's `` literally anything would be better than merkel '' . 
  i can understand the sentiment , but how can you write an article like this and not give one single thought to what would happen if she did - what a chancellorship of de maiziere or von der leyen would look like , or a spd/greens/linke coalition would do . 
  because that 's maybe the central argument why most germans are n't too sad about her decision . 
  instead just : `` she should step aside '' . 
  little thin . 
  by having the left in charge . 
  you guys sure are well informed . 
  i think since this is a bit of a controversial topic , the idea is if you open by `` some people agree with this , do you ? 
  '' , people are less likely to just give you the answer they think is `` socially acceptable '' and instead tell the truth since they do n't feel alone with it . 
  at least it is definitely not on accident . 
  spain always comes off so well in these social issues . 
  it 's short-hand . 
  he wants to decrease immigration from where it currently is : anti- ( current levels of ) immigration . 
  do we need to spin everything to sound really neat ? 
  it might be 90 % white , but it is n't 90 % beautiful blonde women . 
  the point is magazines are free to put on their covers whatever they like , and are exempt from the usual racism/sexism/ageism issue you get in the workplace . 
  not really . 
  [ is this ? 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/zqi51okxm3sx.jpg ) in entertainment it 's perfectly acceptable to cast by skin color/gender/age or whatever . 
  and since black women have different kind of hair , there 's also a practical aspect to having an actual black women on a fashion magazine geared towards them . 
  i guess the question is what comes first ? 
  not being accepted as part of the group , or not identifying as part of it ? 
    simonsen said that while descendants of immigrant families feel danish , `` they are told from looks , politicians and social media that they are not truly danish '' . 
  i actually get the feeling his position on trade is one of the few - maybe the only thing - he genuinely cares about , while the rest of the shit was just used to appeal to the base he needed . 
  but that guy is almost impossible to read . 
  it 's ( what a small group claims the ) people want but ( democratically elected ) politicians do n't want to hear about ( because it 's not accurate ) . 
  it 's not really this quote though . 
  the comparison is based on parts of the rhetoric and strategy he employed during his campaign . 
  this is really just a little joke made in the context of that . 
  of course this slogan does n't mean much , i agree with that . 
  yeah we read those stories to kids . 
  you 're supposed to be able to handle a little more nuance eventually . 
  like say , `` hey guys , did you notice that weasel shares some similarities with the wolves that ate my grandparents ? 
  '' , without presuming i 'm saying he 's gon na eat us all . 
  hitler wrote the book on modern populism , and beyond the dictatorship , war and holocaust - there 's important lessons for any citizen of a democracy in his rise to power . 
  i do n't think it 's about migration at all , but about the fact that it 's countries outside the west that have seen the largest growth in wealth over the past couple of decades .
