  no , nobody really cares . 
  but people have a point to make about merkel in regards to the refugee crisis , so one side will post it if it 's high and the other if it 's low . 
  it does n't matter until it drops and stays a lot lower than this , especially as long as the cdu does n't drop in the polls . 
  the asylum system was n't set up for good people ( what does that even mean ) , it was set up for persecuted people . 
  it 's just eurostat numbers as far as i can see . 
  they 've been known for half a year . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/b0gmgjm ) maybe not on reddit . 
  you also do n't need any `` olympic village '' type stuff , teams book hotels themselves . 
  see , if you are smart enough to research fertility rates you 're smart enough to research numbers on family relocation too . 
  i believe in you . 
  employed . 
  i understand the concept , i just think the number you made up is way off . 
  riiight , and that number is based on ? 
  i mean not that we have n't temporarily suspended family relocation anyway , i 'm just asking . 
  or alternatively : `` we were there and they were mostly x '' . 
  standard reporting . 
  which you do n't even disagree with now ? 
  bit of an odd point to make , but alright . 
  you say , as the picture clearly shows a wirmer flag used pretty much exclusively by far-right groups . 
  just some nice fellas from the middle of society , clearly . 
  you were there after all that you can just disagree with the journalists , right ? 
  freedom of assembly . 
  that 's a pretty big one . 
  this afternoon , and it turned out to be nothing . 
  like 99.9 % of the time there 's a `` bomb threat '' . 
  just assholes being assholes . 
  telling that the sun could n't even be bothered to update it though . 
  get better news sources , seriously . 
  if you vote for me we 'll move germany to an island in the south pacific !, 
  in germany ? 
  unless those nudists happen to be a hells angels group on summer vacation , pretty slim . 
  she did not . 
  and even if you wo n't accept that point , the number of asylum seekers had grown for 2 years straight before she said anything , and hundreds of thousands had arrived that year alone . 
  her comments were a reaction to the crisis . 
  even if you think they made it worse , which is n't unreasonable , that does n't suddenly make it the cause . 
  it was n't our idea to accept everyone . 
  they came , there was no functioning system in place to deal with it and so we had to accept them . 
  there was no choice involved . 
  ca n't legally send them back to syria , ca n't practically send them back to iraq or whatever in big enough numbers , ca n't start sending hundreds of thousands back to greece/austria/hungary / slovenia because that 's an insane idea . 
  so we decided to deal with it while trying to build a functioning system at the same time . 
  eastern europe decided they do n't care for it because while europe as a whole would be better off , they 'd be worse off . 
  then everyone decided that without us nothing of this would 've happened , because we 're evil germoney after all . 
  or something . 
  the quotas were not proposed by themselves , all the other things i mentioned ( plus some others ) were clearly outlined in the same position paper of the european commission that included the quotas . 
  you can go read it if you 're interested . 
  it was a package deal in working towards a functioning europe-wide system . 
  it was refused . 
  as to why , you wrote it yourself :  germany always seems to push for something to happen , but only when it 's in the shit itself . 
  that 's correct , but it 's not unique to germany sadly . 
  that goes for everyone in europe , which is the core problem of the entire crisis . 
  we did try though , to look ahead for once . 
  no deal . 
  she did n't really go into much detail . 
  she did say the plan is to lower requirements of deportation , and to have a proper register of people entering/exiting the country . 
  i have no idea how it will look like in practice , but those are two issues that need to be tackled so that 's a positive . 
  i do n't think anyone expected a `` policy reversal '' , it 's a bit of an odd headline . 
  that 's not really a realistic choice . 
  steps have been taken to reduce the amount of asylum seekers , but no we 're still not going to close our borders or ban muslim immigration whatever people want her to do nowadays . 
  the rest of the stuff about security ... eh . 
  have you looked at how small those quotas were ? 
  it was a drop in a bucket during the crisis . 
  irrelevant to the situation in germany . 
  that was one column of a long-term europe-wide asylum system . 
  turkey-like deals , better outer ( ! ), 
  border control , and then distribute the ones still arriving europe-wide so greece does n't unfairly have to deal with it alone , as they 'd have to if the current system was n't so broken it 's basically abandoned . 
  with us taking most of them . 
  that was , again , not about the situation in germany at the time . 
  you might not like that plan , but at least it was a plan . 
  which is a lot more than you can say about most other european governments . 
  ehm , the evidence of that solidarity is asylum seekers we let in . 
  that 's what the whole `` invitation '' thing that gets endlessly repeated was about . 
  to relieve hungary and greece , after the situation had reached it 's boiling point in september of last year . 
  if you take a look at a map then it should be fairly clear that we 're legally required to have just about 0 of them here . 
  oh and btw that quota system was about * new * arrivals , never about the ones in germany . 
  we 'd have still taken most of those as well . 
  you can criticize a whole lot about our governments approach , but a lack of solidarity is a bit far-fetched . 
  this is n't stormfront yet buddy . 
  what about cologne ? 
  when was the religion of someone hidden ? 
  that 's pretty neat for you , that you do n't even need examples or sources . 
  nobody tried to hide that any attacker was muslim , and these raids have been happening for * years * . 
  so to conclude i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the ansbach guy was in a mental hospital for 5 months after he tried to kill himself twice . 
  it 's not a favorite phrase , it 's an accurate phrase concerning that attack . 
  how does that follow ? 
  they could still say whether or not they were muslim , just not publish pictures or names . 
  not much valuable information in those two things anyway . 
  but i do n't think this makes sense in todays world anymore . 
  maybe 30 years ago . 
  it does n't matter , the most likely scenario as of now is that they forgot their suitcase and the summer heat made a can explode . 
  they had been fast-tracked for months already . 
  we ca n't send them back to syria , ca n't send them back to greece or hungary . 
  there was no actual choice involved on her part . 
  that 's not how international politics work . 
  her statement was n't directed at germany at all , it was directed at her polish voters . 
  the guy above me ate it up , is all . 
  if that 's how your politicians think you guys are fucked . 
  is this high school ? 
  `` haha remember when you were concerned about us ? 
  and see how a bunch of people died in your country now ?
