just wait for the winter , 
  they sure anschlussed crimea ... 
  but for real , it 's pretty known that the russian propaganda has been amazingly effective . 
  it even reminds me of this one guy who riled up a nation against imaginary enemies by alluding to their patriotism ... but i wo n't get into that . 
  it is known that the asov batallion is ultranationalist . 
  that 's where most of the images used in russia to rile up the people against `` fascism '' come from . 
  the ukrainian government should n't have left them together , and now there 's been reports of them doing war crimes . 
  maybe if they had spread these people across normal army units , this would n't have happened , but you never know ... 
  apparently they also get treated like shit by the police in france . 
  watch the vice documentary on calais . 
  i really hate that word troll when it 's tried to be out in a serious context . 
  excellent article imo . 
  very good read, 
  not at all . 
  russia is fucked up . 
  all i 'm saying is that finland has a unique relationship with them , and gave reasons as to why it 's better not to join nato . 
  it is clearly complicated http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2009/08/13/a_diplomatic_mystery the bottom line for me , is that finland does n't need to join nato as russia is still sensible enough not to attack a eu member like finland . 
  provocations against russia like adding a thousand kilometers of border with nato are ones that bring more harm than good for finland . 
  i sure hope i 'm right too . 
  i talked about this in another reply . 
  no country goes and provokes their economic allies . 
  it 's not bullying , it 's simply not being an idiot and harming yourself with possible trade decreases . 
  again , 16 % of russia 's imports are from china . 
  they do n't go around allowing japanese bases to be built in their border , because it would hurt them . 
  it 's not a perfect comparison , but you see my point . 
  that 's where i think you 're wrong . 
  in finland 's case , it is either russia or nato . 
  that 's why everyone is linking all these quotes about joining nato meaning ww3 . 
  russia is extremely pissed at nato for expanding towards the east , breaking a treaty where they stated they would n't do so . 
  finland is russia 's neighbor and long time trade partner , which they have a stable relationship with . 
  if finland joins nato , russia sees an imminent threat against it 's borders and an enemy at the gates . 
  the hysteria their propaganda would accomplish domestically could allow them to get away with a lot of stuff . 
  that 's what i think , and have discussed with some finnish diplomats . 
  could you point out exactly where i showed russian bullying ? 
  i think you just wanted an opportunity to link to that wikipedia entry . 
  but how did it start ? 
  protests against a pro russian president . 
  what was the excuse to annex crimea ? 
  helpless russians and that crimea was russian from the start , `` so it should be ours again '' . 
  i do n't think it 's a fairytale , but i 'm saying that they 're completely different scenarios . 
  if that was true , i would think most people would be for joining nato , but the figures still show 60 % of finns oppose it . 
  i 'd say it 's the most secure relationship as it can get with russia . 
  it 's obvious that russia leverage over finland because it buys over 10 % of our exports . 
  i said tolerate because it obviously creates a reaction if we go around hopping in bed with russia 's enemy . 
  russia does n't go around dissing china and joining alliances that china openly opposes because it knows it depends on their imports . 
  this does n't mean that china dictates their foreign policy . 
  this is also the reason why merkel is reluctant to strong sanctions against russia . 
  their economic interests are too high . 
  it 's simply looking after yourself . 
  of course finland wo n't shoot itself in the foot by joining nato while they have a long secure relationship with russia . 
  what ? 
  have you even read about finnish foreign policy ? 
  russia does n't dictate anything . 
  and the fact that we do n't belong to nato does n't mean that we are bullied , it 's not the cold war anymore . 
  finland has built up the current system of alliances and trade over several decades , this ukraine affair does n't compare to the relationship between russia and finland . 
  most of finns know this , which is why they oppose the joining of nato . 
  finland and ukraine are not comparable . 
  completely different history and relationship with russia . 
  finland has created a stable relationship with russia for many years . 
  the trading between the two countries is of utmost importance to finland . 
  russia does n't see finland as a threat , but rather close to an economic partner . 
  the finnish army also has just signed a pact allowing nato troops in finland for practices and special circumstances . 
  i 'd say that 's the most russia will tolerate before changing their economic policies towards finland , which of course would hurt the latter in various ways . 
  hmmm would it be worth throwing away our carefully constructed long time stable relationship with russia just to show where we stand ? 
  finland greatly depends on russian consumers , so any reaction by them would hurt us a lot . 
  yep , just saw it . 
  this is not the point . 
  read my reply . 
  you 're saying you 're getting downvotes because you 're pouting out that there are fascists among the volunteers , but it 's because it seems like you 're implying that these people in donetsk are right when they call ukrainians fascists . 
  they repeat this word because it 's what the russian media tells them that 's what all ukrainians are . 
  they are violating the geneva convention and firing artillery from civilian rooftops , which is way worse than allowing some radical rights to fight in volunteer battalions . 
  then it seems i , like these other people , misjudged what you mean . 
  i guess it seems like you 're saying they are calling ukrainians fascists because of the volunteers in their army , and not because it 's a buzzword the russian propaganda uses to demonize them . 
  where did you get this from ? 
  the reason why russians like to call ukrainians fascists is because during the maidan protests there was a small minority of banderas who seem to have been neo nazis . 
  they probably roused a lot of people into fighting . 
  the ukrainian government is not fascist and these people from the maidan protests are being used as the enemy . 
  that 's what has all these people shouting `` fascist ! '', 
  every time they see a ukrainian . 
  seems to me like the quality is good overall ... 
  yes . 
  is the us going to start ww3 if estonia gets invaded ? 
  is it going to do it for finland ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  russia and finland still have good relations , though pro-nato people want to convince us otherwise . 
  any tips for someone pursuing a career in international relations ? 
  i do n't know if you 've seen the interview with one of the leaders ( on mobile now , will try to find source ) where he says he will fight to the death against russians , jews , and communism . 
  some say that the protest leaders were being trained by ultranationalist croats . 
  however i know that without a source here this is all speculation . 
  will try to find one later . 
  lol a slight simplification of a decade old conflict perhaps ? 
  for real , and he gets top comment too with an introducing statement like that . 
  ok , let 's just get back to our normal shitposting , can we ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm a finnish/colombian and know of other colombian families in helsinki . 
  this is it . 
  the culmination of the european project . 
  this is what we all fought for , all our troubles were worth it . 
  i am so glad we finally got the blessing of our own emoji . 
  visit colombia !,
