i think about the us west coast . 
  the western part of norway is more commonly called vestlandet ( the west land ) than vestkysten ( the west coast ) . 
  top 10 ( 2015 , newest i found ) : 1 hansen 2 johansen 3 olsen 4 larsen 5 andersen 6 pedersen 7 nilsen 8 kristiansen 9 jensen 10 karlsen the first name that does n't end with - sen is berg at 14th place . 
  never heard about it . 
  they give them away ? 
  really ? 
  do most people need to transport big/loose stuff on a daily or weekly basis ? 
  if i need sand i 'll just have it delivered to my home . 
  why choose a pickup as my only car just for those rare occasions ? 
  all fully paid work is professional . 
  learn to ski . 
  i wish os municipality accepted the offer from modum , so havnesjefen could live in tyrifjorden . 
  the norwegian harambe . 
  finn.no in norway . 
  the biggest problem in norway these days is a dead swan . 
  you a word . 
  english and german . 
  i could have chosen spanish or french instead of german ( or switched ) . 
  no , but i 'd like to visit bc and alberta . 
  never seen one irl , only heard about them on reddit . 
  but there are very few smokers among my family and friends . 
  very good overall . 
  so i found it weird when i learned on reddit that many people abroad avoid public bathrooms or cover the toilet seat with toilet paper when they have to use one . 
  bathrooms at resting places along roads can be a litttle nasty , though . 
  singlet . 
  and singlets with [ netting fabric ] ( https://www.follestad.no/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/500x/17f82f742ffe127f42dca9de82fb58b1/2/0/20140917_015.jpg ) are called helsetr\u00f8ye ( health shirt/jersey ) . 
  lol , did n't know about those above kilometer . 
  never heard anyone use them . 
  anyway , that jump from 1 km to 1000 km ( 1 megameter ) jumps straight over a lot of those distances you typically talk about in everyday speech . 
  if it was in a city i do n't know ( and i did n't know it would be a problem ) i 'd probably look for a spot for a while and then go back if i did n't find one . 
  if it was in a city that i knew parking was a problem i 'd walk , bike or use public transport to get there . 
  it 's quite useful actually . 
  i mean , you have millimeters , centimeters , decimeters , meters and kilometers but then you do n't really have any si unit for longer distances . 
  so if you talk about distances of a few hundred km it 's a bit easier to use mil instead of km . 
  traffic culture is different from country , though . 
  that stuff wo n't fly here . 
  prices are in kr/l . 
  fuel use in l/mil ( 1 mil = 10 km ), 
  not accepted here . 
  especially finnmarksvidda . 
  but if you rule out areas less than five km away from man-made stuff like roads , power stations , power lines etc. 
  there is n't much wilderness left in the southern part of the country . 
  no one , at least none of the countries i 've visited . 
  and 4.7 % in norway . 
  i wore my bunad on 17th of may . 
  there 's a similar thing in northern norway , but probably even less serious as of now . 
  i 've heard that albania will be the next big thing in tourism because it 's as nice as the neighbouring countries but cheaper . 
  i read books in english if they are not available in norwegian . 
  sometimes i read books in swedish or danish because they are often cheaper than the ones in norwegian . 
  i had n't heard about it , but it looks more like a snack than something i 'd eat for breakfast . 
  wood and electricity . 
  pizza grandiosa, 
  maybe you should mention what country your in ? 
  all of europe does n't have the same stores with the same products . 
  it 's quite popular . 
  many water dispensers at workplaces , schools etc. 
  have sparkling water as well . 
  grand canyon , the great plains , rocky mountains and the wetlands of the south . 
  you only had two years on ungdomskolen ? 
  maybe you just should stay at home ? 
  i do n't know if you can handle the world out there . 
  bad skiing opportunities . 
  my favourite is the mountains of norway . 
  well i do n't give a shit about nightlife . 
  so maybe you should say that there 's little to do for some youngsters , not all . 
  norway is like heaven on earth for people who want to be active outdoors . 
  nobody takes them serious anyway . 
  they only care about posting shitty memes on the internet . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are loads of sports to do and the possibilities to do outdoor activities are pretty much endless . 
  we even have four seasons , so you can do different stuff at different times of the year . 
  iceland is pretty rad too . 
  the people who do n't use the right to vote are even dumber . 
  it applies to norway too since we are part of the eea . 
  never heard about him . 
  swedes and norwegians understand each other anyway . 
  if you only visit as a tourist for a few weeks or months i would n't bother learning norwegian except maybe a few `` tourist phrases '' . 
  but if you want to move here to live and work you should definitely learn the language . 
  while most norwegians speak pretty good english it 's still a second language , so socialising without knowing the local language will be hard . 
  edit : and in my opinion you ca n't really get immersed in the culture as a backpacker . 
  you need to live somewhere to do that . 
  www.finn.no pretty much has a monopoly . 
  l\u00e6ffy, 
  movie : lasse & geir, 
  way overrated . 
  likewise in norway . 
  sorry , that 's my autocorrect . 
  rune bratseth was pretty good too . 
  to be honest i have n't heard about him . 
  is he that big in germany ? 
  i know many other german players from back in the days though : beckenbauer , m\u00fcller , maier , vogts , breitner , matth\u00e4us , v\u00f6ller etc. 
  til . 
  at least it 's more creative than having their own bread . 
  lsk as in the football team ? 
  cheez doodles from owl . 
  there are several cheap copies on the market but they are not on the same level . 
  quisling here in norway . 
  they are n't even well planned . 
  way too car-based . 
  yes .
