for information : he 's the mayor of tallinn and quite a pro-russian politician in estonia . 
  that 's why he has been the mayor of tallinn for such a long time . 
  we have a similar one , but replace englishman with a russian . 
  got to agree with most of the thing you said . 
  but i think that estonians complain too much , following local media ( comments ) and speaking with people you 'd think that estonia is the worst shithole on earth . 
  everybody complains that we 're not on finland 's level but fail to see that we 're quite okay if compared to countries with similar fate . 
  but yeah , tech wonders are sadly for estonians only . 
  on eesti.ee webpage you can do almost everything and there 's quite little bureaucracy ( except defence forces ) . 
  otherwise i 'd say that latvia is the most similar country to ours too ( you have worse roads though , and an additional toe lv - lisa varvas - extra toe ) . 
  now i 'm interested . 
  could you say , which things are better and which are worse in general ? 
  i 've never been in latvia for longer than one week , so it 's hard to objectively compare . 
  not that i 'm denying that quite a big bunch of us are racists . 
  but could you please tell me about your experiences with racist estonians in real life ? 
  rekt, 
  i think it 's good for many things . 
  against russian soldiers on vacation and against illegal immigrants as well . 
  most of them come here through this ( quite unprotected before kohver case ) . 
  as hard it is to believe , there are people smugglers in russia and estonia too , on smaller scale though . 
  i 've read many stories , where vietnamese and afghan people are transported through russia and then dropped off near our border ( for a high price of course ) . 
  do n't forget kosovo and macedonia , those are nice too . 
  especially kosovo left me with a good impression . 
  roadtrip in albania and areas bordering albania was my favourite trip so far in europe . 
  flights aside everything is ridiculously cheap and good in albania . 
  people are friendly and warm . 
  try the road going from skhoder to montenegrin border near vermosh , damn ... , it 's a paradise . 
  do n't let the stupid stereotypes stop you from visiting this wonderful country !, 
  if you get lost in icelandic forest - stand up !, 
  but jokes aside , iceland is one of my dream travelling destinations . 
  hopefully someday i 'll visit iceland and do a great roadtrip there . 
   yeah , i 've just saw the document somewhere in the thread . 
  there are signatures , but as far as i can see , the authenticity of the documents was n't prove , although it was n't directly denied by the russians either . 
  well , they are official documents , i do n't think that those can be full of lies . 
  and if russia does n't deny them it must be true ( because usually they deny everything )  the only reason why estonia would lie about this is if he was indeed conducting espionage . 
  sounds logical . 
  but at the same time i think this thing would n't be so big then . 
  it would be foolish to lie about such big things , because when proved otherwise we could lose very much of our credibility . 
  in this case i think only russian media would talk about this and we would be just `` concerned '' . 
   was that something that the estonians said , or was it actually confirmed by the russian border guards ? 
  as far as i know , they denied it when asked . 
  yes , they even signed the documents ( sorry no source , but i remember that ) . 
  of course they deny it now because it contradicts russian version . 
   but was n't the fsb involved from the beginning , considering that the border guards are fsb employees ? 
  fsb making statements about the border security is nothing extraordinary , since that is their job . 
  at first border guards and media thought it 's just some civilian criminal gang stuff . 
  estonian criminal robbed by russian criminals or vice versa whatever ( things like this happen ) . 
  propably only kapo and fsb know what really happened from the start . 
   since you followed the incident closely , can you answer my original question : what is the theory here exactly ? 
  why would the russians do this if the man was not a spy ? 
  there are many stories about it . 
  some think it was because of obama 's visit to show us that his words did n't matter . 
  i actually do n't know why , there are too many stories . 
  facts are that he investigated cross-border crime ( whatever it is ) and was meeting with a `` rat '' or another agent on the border who betrayed him . 
  i at the same time think that why should estonia lie about this . 
  it 's quite a shameful case for our intelligency agency and border guards both . 
  as far as i know is that he had direct orders to not cross the border . 
  official version ( at first confirmed by russian border patrols too ) is that he was kidnapped from like 3m inside our territory . 
   i do n't blame anybody from trusting the estonians more , but i do n't see why people are reacting aggressively when asked for evidence . 
  leaning towards one version or the other is ok , but stating it as a fact is another thing . 
  i personally do n't like agressive answers too , that kills conversations . 
  at the same time i can understand that people are getting tired of russia doing things and then denying them ( obvious things ) . 
  because just after the incident both estonian and russian border guards inspected the area together . 
  nobody did know about this spy stuff back then and russian border guards agreed that the guy was taken from estonian side ( some random guy , not political ) . 
  later when it came out that kapo and fsb were involved their story changed . 
  i remember reading these news on live after every 5 minutes since i was on an intercity train right then . 
  also , you ca n't blame people for trusting estonian version more than russian version . 
  even if russia was right , nobody takes them seriously anymore because they have lied too much already . 
  i 'd bet that next time russian spy is caught here , we 're not going easy on him . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  i did n't try to excuse anything , i too blame russia for it ( look at my flair ) . 
  i just stated a fact . 
  i just have to mention that he 's not a border guard , he 's from security police kapo . 
  [ estonia according to estonians ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1m-7_ghfd4 ), 
   you can also invest in a cheap ferry ticket to denmark or even germany and buy beers at half or a third of these prices basically . 
  bring a few friends and a trailer . 
  do n't forget estonia and latvia . 
  our beer is even cheaper than in denmark and germany ( if talking about decent beer ) . 
  and ferry tickets are propably cheaper too ( tallink cruises ) . 
  i talked about estonia . 
  here valmiermui\u017ea is quite rare . 
  only sold in specific beer shops or best bars . 
  it 's one of my favourite beers . 
  too bad that only a few stores and bars here are selling it :(, 
  one of the biggest [ festivals ] ( http://weekendbaltic.com/en/front-page/ ) but you have to hurry , it 's on the next weekend . 
  haha , especially the first one seems to be absolutely hilarious ( could understand only russian profanities though ) . 
  now it 's stuck in my head `` pim-piri-pim-piri-pim-pim-pim '' . 
  edit : someone has translated it into russian in the comments too . 
  when it came out finnish media was not happy about it :d, 
  [ caucasian alphabet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv_dk6szyy8 ) . 
  one of my favourite russian sketches . 
  could n't have said that any better !, 
  avarage finn has propably the highest kill-death ratio in whole europe because of the winter war . 
  yes . 
  i have all the freedoms i need and my life is good . 
  despite it 's smallness and very low population estonia is quite well off country according to many metrics . 
  `` butthurt belt '' according to many russians . 
  why they have to be so far . 
  sorry , pun intended . 
  did you really somehow find my joke offensive ? 
  guy hits a moose on the road while driving .
