  he calls to emergency and asks what to do . 
  guy from emergency tells him to finish off the moose . 
  after a few minutes guy calls back and says : `` he offers me [ 100 markkaa ] ( http://www.banknotes.com/fi119.jpg ) to not kill him , what should i do ? 
  many jokes come from us calling finns `` p\u00f5der / moose '' . 
  other jokes come from funny language differences . 
  why is it your business what monuments lithuanians have or have not ? 
  if they are so important for russia , lithuania has offered a trade for russia - take it or leave it . 
  yep , and many business owners pay themselves a minimum wage because of dividends . 
  thanks !, 
  do n't you have a tax free minimum ? 
  here in estonia we have an income tax free minimum of 154 $ per month , it helps poorer people quite a lot . 
  how do you tax poor more than rich ? 
  for the sake of the story , let 's say that every country is a wife with husband/sister with a brother . 
  the baltics are having their own conversation and measuring their dicks . 
  estonia claims to have the biggest dick , looks nervously at the nordic table and winks at finland . 
  finlands wants to ask estonia to their table , but others stop him `` it 's a prostitute , do n't bother '' . 
  everybody avoids the eastern side of the bar , where russia sits and comments on everybody 's asses . 
  after a while russia is quite drunk and spits into some guys glasses . 
  afterwards claims : `` so what ? 
  at least germany did n't drink your whole beer , you should be thankful '' . 
  hey , do n't be a jerk about it . 
  you must 've partied in wrong places . 
  riga 's nightlife is better - sure , but tallinn 's nightlife is not terrible . 
  i 'd say that tartu 's nightlife is even a bit better than tallinn 's . 
  every country should take pr lessons from us . 
  i 'd choose estonia , latvia and lithuania but that 's not fair because i already live in this region . 
  other than those , i really like albania for some reason . 
  i know it 's not the richest one but i 'd still choose it over the other non-baltic countries . 
  i also chose czech republic ( most non-eastern european one of those ) and slovakia ( i just like it there ) . 
  nice , did n't know abouth the lithuania thing . 
  do you have any additional information about it ? 
  not only russians sadly ... 
  but about 140,000 non-estonians have left estonia after that . 
  other than migration , our population growth was negative for a long time ( more deaths than births ) . 
  one of the few songs that gives me goosebumps . 
  so good on so many levels . 
  300,000 people ( 1/5 of our population that time ) demanding independence in 1988 [ while singing . 
  [ fuck the ussr ] ( https://postinstrumentum.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/balti_kett_21.jpg ), 
  from estonia - lennart meri , t. h. ilves ( anonymous commentators hate him though ) . 
  some old singers like t\u00f5nis m\u00e4gi , ivo linna , urmas alender and many others . 
  world-famous composer arvo p\u00e4rt . 
  generally all politicians are hated by quite a large group . 
  from non-estonians only gorbachev ( maybe even jeltsin ) hops in mind at the moment . 
  fair point . 
  but why do n't non-state enemies count ? 
  if those attacks become frequent and from the same enemy , i think it should . 
  nato , since turkey is a full member . 
  was that isis ? 
  if it was , why does n't it raise article nr 5 into question ? 
   i hope to god azov butchers every single one of you . 
  men , women , children , dogs , cats , everything . 
  went a bit too far here , did n't you ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_estonian_cyclists_abduction tl ; dr they got free after several months . 
  it was a diplomatic effort by several countries and we are especially thankful to the french government . 
  they ( bicyclists ) wrote a kick ass book about it , but sadly it 's only in estonian . 
  few years ago 7 estonian bicyclists were kidnapped from the same place . 
  ah , what a day to be an estonian !, 
  we do n't have nicknames for euros , at least i have n't heard yet . 
  we had nicknames for kroons though . 
  each banknote was called by the surname of a person who was depicted on it . 
  for example 100 krooni banknote was called `` koidula '' , 500 `` jacobson '' and etc. 
  there 's no correct answer . 
  you can hurry through most touristic places in one day ( like most cruise tourists do ) . 
  i thing 3-4 days will be enough for tallinn . 
  if you want to be here for a week or more , i 'd suggest visiting more places than just tallinn . 
  i 'll list you some places where tourists do n't go that much usually  . 
  1 ) estonian open air museum in rocca al mare . 
  if you are interested in zoos , then a zoo is nearby too . 
  you could go further north from there and find old military buildings on kakum\u00e4e peninsula . 
  2 ) kalamaja district . 
  near the old town , kind of hipstery place , but really cozy and beutiful with its wooden houses and small restaurants . 
  it 's like russia without a visa . 
  4 ) go to pirita , i 'd suggest going by bicycle on the promenade . 
  if weather is nice , you could visit the beach . 
  5 ) also you could take time to visit nearby islands naissaar or aegna . 
  aegna is smaller and ferries are more often . 
  naissaar is quite wild . 
  6 ) you could take a train to some smaller town for a day trip . 
  train station is really close to the harbour . 
  it 's funny coincidence , that in estonian language his dog 's name koni ( also a nickname for konstantin ) means `` cigarette butt '' . 
  well , daugavpils is one of the most soviet places you can find in latvia . 
  from the viewpoint of an estonian , i 'd recommend you sigulda and cesis the most for non-soviet beauty . 
  but i think some latvian could help you out more . 
  that 's nice !, 
  if you want any info or recommendations you can pm me . 
  i 'd recommend you to visit other places in estonia too , or combine it with a trip to helsinki . 
  well , it 's quite same as riga . 
  both have beautiful old town , new and fancy business district ( i think tallinn 's one looks cooler though ) . 
  both have lots of commieblocks and ugly soviet mystifications at the borders of city . 
  i envy , that riga has daugava river , i like cities that have a river . 
  vilnius is a tad bit different than riga and tallinn . 
  firstly becasue of religion : vilnius is catholic , while riga and tallinn were historically protestant . 
  while lithuania was a great power on its own centuries ago , we were under different powers with latvia . 
  estonia and latvia are kind of a mix between germany , nordics , poland-lithuania and russia of course . 
  but other than old town , it 's quite similar to tallinn and riga : business district with highraises and commiblocks . 
  same . 
  if i got to choose between paris and riga ( or any other `` eastern european '' capital ) to spend a week in , i 'd definitely pick riga . 
  from western touristic places i 'd pick over riga only the ones i have n't been in yet . 
  by the way , now i 'm kind of interested in something now that i checked google maps i can see , that it divides latvia quite literally in halves . 
  and there are not too many bridges across it .
