  a couple years ago it came out that there were companies who would organize events for seniors which consisted in manipulating the grandmas into buying some super expensive pots and pans and other stuff . 
  basically their business model was to take advantage of the fact that these poor old people were lonely and also confused about financial matters , so it was easy to influence them . 
  it 's now been made illegal , but you can still find versions of the same shit popping up here and there . 
   they 'll give you a paper and signal you to sign it . 
  after you sign it , they will point on other signatures ( which are fake ) and 30 $ written next to it , as if someone before you donated 30 $ and try to convince you to donate them money . 
  we had the exact same thing here too !, 
  * being loud in a public space , especially an enclosed one ( like public transport ) is considered rude . 
  i suspect this might be a europe-wide thing , as in like 99 % of cases when this happens the offenders are either drunk or american tourists . 
  * you 're supposed to stand on the right side of the escalator , so that people who want to walk faster can get around you . 
  certain sounds are just difficult to do properly when you 're not used to them . 
  i struggle with the english th , or the french r , or the german \u00fc . 
  it 's more difficult in some words than in others , and it 's often worse when i 'm tired/drunk etc. 
  in czech we have the \u0159 sound which i 've never heard a foreigner pronounce correctly , even if they were otherwise fluent ( and many natives struggle with it too ) . 
  france ( studied there twice , for a total of 15 months , plus spent several holidays there ) 2 . 
  austria ( so many skiing trips over the years , several weekend trips to vienna , a day trip to linz , and a memorable 14-hour train journey from villach to prague ) 3 . 
  italy ( two seaside holidays , a sightseeing holiday in tuscany and rome , some skiing and hiking in the dolomiti too ) 4 . 
  uk ( two holidays in scotland , a school language exchange trip and a long weekend in london ) 5 . 
  i 've been struggling with german for the past 5 years , so i 'd like to finally learn that properly . 
  then probably spanish , that should n't be so difficult . 
  this might explain why even after studying german for several years i did n't understand a single word when i was in tyrol . 
  i 'm far from being fluent , but usually i can at least get a general idea of what people are talking about . 
  this was absolutely hopeless though . 
  while studying abroad in rural france i was asked whether we have cars and electricity in the czech republic . 
  granted it was a 90-year old guy who probably never set foot outside his own * d\u00e9partement * , but still . 
  the only thing i 've noticed is that we like to take advantage of the fact that noone can understand us and say really stupid shit . 
  we have a populist party that 's very successful , but i do n't think they would really fall into the category you 're talking about . 
  they 're not the typical anti-immigrant `` far right '' populist type , their populism mostly lies in not having any opinions on important issues at all . 
  as for the more typical populist right , we do n't really have any , or at least not any that would be a relevant political force at this point , but that 's only because a ) all our right-wing populists have so far been completely incompetent , there 's usually several similar parties in existence and they keep splitting , then joining , then splitting again and fighting amongst themselves . 
  if they ever manage to find a real leadership figure , we might be in trouble , but we 're not there yet . 
  b ) the right-wing populist `` mood '' or whatever you want to call it is being channelled by `` traditional '' politicians and parties , like certain factions of the social democratic and communist parties and our disgusting pig of a president ( also a former social democrat ) . 
  the `` left that 's not really left '' is definitely very present here . 
  ( left-wing on issues like taxes and employee protection , but very nationalist , anti-immigration , and conservative ) . 
  no and probably not . 
  i hate the whole traditional family thing that 's connected to it , and my boyfriend does n't like the idea either . 
  we might do it at some point to get the legal/financial etc. 
  benefits , but if we do it 'll just be a legal procedure without all the fuss . 
  yeah , turns out that was a trick to win the elections and push through some neoliberal reforms . 
  `` if you vote for us we 're going to do x and y reforms , and that will make us rich ! '', 
  it took most people longer than it should have to see through it , the party who did all of that in the 90s only became really unpopular about 4 years ago . 
   we are still poorer than finland i know this one !, 
  in 1989 they said we were gon na be as rich as austria in 10 years . 
  27 years on , and , well ... 
  i know one person who 's religious ( actually believes in god , goes to church every week ) , a handful of people who are sort of religious ( are baptized , go to church a couple times a year ) , but the vast majority of people i know are not religious . 
  i would n't say they 're all strictly atheist , some of them simply do n't care about this type of thing , some are agnostic , some believe in `` something '' but hate organized religion , but i do n't know where most of them stand as this is considered a very private thing and not exactly something you would talk about unless you 're super close . 
  well there 's no way to be sure how that would go , though you 're probably right . 
   so , there is no way around fptp that 's not true . 
  you can also have a two-round system , where there 's a number of candidates in the first round , and the first two continue into the second round . 
  that 's very different , you can vote for the person you like best in the first round without worrying about `` wasting '' your vote , because even if your favorite does n't come through you can still vote for the lesser of two evils in the second round , while in fptp you probably have to do that from the start , otherwise your vote is wasted . 
  to add to what everyone else has said , i do n't get voter registration . 
  here if you 're a citizen and over 18 years old , you 're automatically a registered voter and you get all the info you need in the mail , you do n't have to lift a finger . 
  the reason why people view it as a bad thing is because it 's so generic and does n't really say anything about the person , like `` i love hanging out with friends '' or `` i love music '' . 
  especially when you have reason to believe that traveling to them means taking a few pictures of the most important sights or spending the whole time at the beach without interacting with the local people/culture at all . 
  that being said , i do n't really give a shit if people say that . 
  on the other hand if someone went out of their way to mention they * do n't * like traveling , that would definitely make me dislike them . 
  but i do n't think that 's very common . 
  i remember a few occasions when me and my sister were abroad drinking at a bar and some guys were trying to hit on us and refusing to take the hint that we 're not interested in talking to them , so we 'd just switch to czech and that always worked to get rid of them . 
  interesting question . 
  i do n't think i ever considered intentionally finding someone from a different country , but i somehow ended up with an austrian boyfriend , so i guess that i subconsciously miss the old empire or something . 
  i took the bus from prague to vienna and back over the summer and we did n't even stop at the border . 
  there might be a random check but i 'd say it 's pretty unlikely . 
  no official rules here as far as i know . 
  generally they 're going to ask you for id if you look like you could be under 18 and they want to make sure . 
  so it entirely depends on what you look like , how good that particular person is at guessing people 's age , and how strict the establishment is ( most small shops and cheap pubs do n't really give a shit , so unless you literally look like a child they wo n't ask , while more fancy restaurants or supermarkets will be more careful ) . 
  native : czech fluent / c1 level : english , french been learning for 5 years but still struggling to get out a sentence : german, 
  yeah , in czech hrad = castle , and hradec is a somewhat generic town name , we have a couple of them ( hradec kr\u00e1lov\u00e9 , jind\u0159ich\u016fv hradec ) . 
  and \u0160t\u00fdrsk\u00fd means styrian , so i guess the name makes sense , it 's just funny because it sounds nothing like the german name . 
   it 's just that cities have different names in different languages . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that they used to be german . 
  yeah , plenty of austrian and german ( and even polish ) cities are called something different in czech , and sometimes it does n't even sound similar to the original name . 
  some of those names sound kind of archaic and are not really used anymore , but overall it 's still pretty common . 
  i went to paris and honestly i was quite disappointed . 
  it 's supposed to be magical and romantic and all that but at the end of the day it 's just another huge , crowded and dirty city . 
  i thought i was used to city life having been born and raised in prague , but this was so much bigger it was a whole new level , and i found it utterly exhausting . 
  plus just living there on a student budget was not easy . 
  forget about partying every day , i had barely enough to pay rent for the tiny room in the suburbs . 
  on the plus side , the university was great , i had some amazing teachers and i learned a lot in the one semester i spent there . 
  all in all , i 'm glad i did it and i would definitely do it again . 
  i 'm actually thinking about going there again at some point during my masters . 
  i guess it 's just that 21-year old me was naive and not prepared for some of the more challenging aspects of the experience . 
  would that mean bringing back the medieval kingdom of bohemia , or would we just be ruled by the austrians again ? 
  either way , i believe in equality and am opposed to monarchy on principle , so no , even though it 's fun to imagine what it would look like . 
  i wish someone had told me that belgian beer is typically a lot stronger than ours . 
  i had to learn the hard way . 
  probably , but i do n't think you 're likely to ever come into contact with them . 
  they 're typically the kind of people who do n't travel , do n't speak another language etc. 
  so we 'd go from having no sea and no mountains to having both ? 
  sounds great , let 's do that . 
  the classic anti-russian and anti-american obsession . 
  basically you either think the usa is heaven on earth and putin is the devil , or the other way round , and that just shapes your entire view of the world . 
  there 's no middle ground . 
  i always try to explain that it 's not a `` moral '' choice , because at the end of the day both have internal issues that make me not want to ever live there , and both are just powerful countries that act pragmatically in their own interests , it 's not like it 's some noble cause or anything , but most people refuse to hear that . 
  you 're going to be fine . 
  i 'm a woman and i 've done plenty of solo traveling around europe and the worst thing that ever happened to me was being catcalled by some drunk guys . 
  now it 's true that some big european cities have sketchy neighborhoods , and some might have pickpockets/other kinds of petty criminals operating in the touristy areas , but as long as you 're smart and take basic precautions you 're going to be fine . 
  i definitely recommend doing your research beforehand so that you have a very good idea of where you 're going to be staying and what you 're going to be doing . 
  schools teach british , but since we 're more exposed to american from movies and tv shows most people just end up with a mix of the two . 
  then it depends on what your level is , if you 're at a point where the teacher is happy you can put a sentence together at all noone cares about this , but at a more advanced level you 're usually expected to pick one and stick to it . 
  native : czech fluent : english , french have been learning for 5 years now but only gotten as far as being able to handle very basic situations like ordering food in a restaurant : german i also learned latin for several years in high school and university , but managed to forget pretty much everything . 
  alcohol is overall pretty cheap here compared to western europe , especially beer , but if you want to get drunk * really * cheap , you go to a supermarket , get a bottle of whatever you want and then drink it in a park somewhere . 
  that 's what we used to when we were like 15 and did n't have any money .
