the first book i ever read in a foreign language was the sixth harry potter book when i was like 16 , because i did n't want to wait for the translation to come out . 
  nowadays i always try to read books in the language they were written in , if at all possible , otherwise i go for whatever translation i can get my hands on . 
  except for russian books , i feel that czech translations tend to be much better than english ones ( probably because the languages are related ) , so i have a clear preference there . 
  i can read books in english and french , and i 'm currently working on my german , so that should be possible at some point too . 
  ( i 'm actually halfway through the german version of the second harry potter book in an attempt to get some practice ) . 
   it opens up possible dialog if the other person wants to right , well wanting to start a dialogue with a complete stranger is in itself something that would be considered quite weird here . 
  i was very confused by the way people in the uk will ask `` how are you ? '', 
  without actually expecting an answer . 
  to me , `` how are you ? '', 
  is something i would ask an old friend i have n't seen in a while , not any random person . 
  i could n't comprehend why a complete stranger would be interested in hearing about how i 'm doing , until i realized that they actually are n't , they just say it for no reason . 
  in my experience it 's also the fact that they put too much emphasis on 20th century history . 
  we were part of the soviet bloc for 40 years , that 's less than a generation . 
  we were part of various german-dominated empires for centuries . 
  of course we 're culturally more similar to germans/austrians than to russians , that sort of thing takes way longer than 40 years to change significantly . 
  that 's true of course , though i do n't think the people who say this know much about our history . 
  i 've been told by a number of foreigners that prague `` feels very german '' to them . 
  i 've always interpreted it as `` i was expecting it to look like a thirld world country and was surprised to see it 's actually quite okay '' . 
  it has nothing to do with being married or whatever . 
  to me saying you only care about yourself in this context implies that you do n't give a shit if others get hurt as a side-effect of you trying to achieve your goals , whether it be coworkers , neighbors , or society at large . 
  and that 's not an okay attitude to have in my opinion . 
  yeah , no , a person who does n't care about others at all is a sociopath , and a person who works on holidays is a workoholic . 
  neither of these is considered a desired quality in socitety . 
  yeah , i think income disparity can only be justified up to a certain limit . 
  like , sure , someone can be 3x more hardworking/talented/educated than someone else , and so earn 3x more money . 
  but there 's no way in hell someone can be 1000000x more hardworking/talented/educated than someone else , so there 's no reason why they should be able to earn 1000000x more money . 
  the way you put it , it sounds like the life plan of a 5 year old . 
  `` what do you want to be when you grow up ? '', 
  `` rich . '', 
  if a grown up said something like that , i 'd probably laugh in their face . 
  to answer your actual question , 1 . 
  ambition definitely is n't viewed as inherently good , or some `` ideal '' that everyone in the society should aspire to follow . 
  some people want to be rich/successful/whatever . 
  fine , good luck to them . 
  most people just want to have an okay life , a family , a hobby , a job they do n't hate . 
  those people are n't losers , they just have different life goals . 
  ambition can be viewed as a bad thing , because overly ambitious people tend to trample others on their way to the top and generally be assholes . 
  if they actually succeed and become rich/powerful , they tend to think they 're `` above '' everyone else and do n't have to follow the same rules as everyone else ( see tax evasion and similar stuff ) . 
  all of that obviously pisses people off . 
  ( of course not * all * ambitious people are like that , but it 's common enough to make people suspicious . ), 
  i 'm afraid prague only checks the first of your boxes . 
  cost of living is quite low compared to western european cities in absolute numbers , but in relation to average/typical salary it 's actually not great . 
  though i 've lived in paris for a couple months too and that was even worse , so i guess i do n't have any tips for you really . 
  me and my so did that shortly after we got together , at his request . 
  i 'm happy we did , as i now do n't have to worry about it ever again since we 're pretty much planning on staying together for the rest of our lives . 
  but honestly , until he brought it up , it never occurred to me to do it . 
  i 've always figured that as long as you 're not super promiscuous , or sleeping with `` questionable '' people ( like prostitutes or junkies ) it 's extremely unlikely . 
  which is also what my boyfriend 's doctor told him when he went in for the testing . 
  still , does n't hurt to be sure !, 
  yeah when i count in my head i definitely always count in czech , no matter the circumstances . 
  even when i was living in france for a year and was starting to actually think/have internal monologues in french , it never went as far as counting in french too . 
  but that might be because french counting is super crazy . 
   \u0160vabi that word actually means `` cockroaches '' in czech . 
  i wonder if it maybe has similar conotations in croatian as well ? 
  this is a very interesting point , and it 's probably tied with something i noticed , which is that americans tend to take themselves ( and by extension their country ) much more seriously than we do . 
  ( of course i ca n't claim this is true for all americans , but i 've talked to quite a few , and it 's definitely a tendency i 've noticed . ), 
  around here , self-deprecating humor is pretty much a national pastime ( and this goes both for making fun of ourselves as individuals and making fun of our country and its government ) . 
  we all think our country is completely fucked up ( and getting worse still ) , but we kinda like it anyway , because it 's our home . 
  this attitude seems to baffle americans . 
  in their mind , you either love your country , or you hate it , there 's nothing in between . 
  yes we will make fun of you , possibly in a way that might seem very mean to you , because we love sarcasm . 
  yes we will criticize , and harshly , that what we feel deserves to be criticized . 
  that does n't mean we hate you . 
  that was a big thing here some years ago , but now most supermarket chains have abandoned it because i guess not a lot of people were shopping at night so it was n't very profitable . 
  my local supermarket is open 7 days a week from 6 till midnight , that 's more than enough for me . 
  as a lifelong prague resident , i 'm having difficulty coming up with historical sights that are not touristy . 
  tourists are * everywhere * in the summer ( and not just in the summer ) . 
  maybe the [ b\u0159evnov monastery ] ( http://www.prague.eu/en/object/places/288/brevnov-monastery-brevnovsky-klaster ) . 
  also [ vy\u0161ehrad ] ( http://www.prague.eu/en/object/places/137/vysehrad ) is probably slightly less touristy than other places in the city . 
  you could also try [ n\u00e1prstkovo muzeum ] ( http://www.nm.cz/naprstek-museum/ ) ( my personal favorite ) or the [ city of prague museum ] ( http://en.muzeumprahy.cz/ ) . 
  if you 're willing to venture outside prague , there are loads of smaller towns that have cool stuff to see and are much less touristy ( the downside of that being that it might be more difficult to find people who speak english ) . 
  personally , i 'd recommend [ kutn\u00e1 hora ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kutn%c3%a1_hora ) , [ m\u011bln\u00edk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c4%9bln%c3%adk ) or [ pardubice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pardubice ) - all of these can be easily reached by train in less than two hours . 
  a lot of people have german last names , and most of those have been czech-ified to a certain degree . 
  sometimes it goes all the way and they 're even using czech spelling ( like schwarz  \u0160varc ) , sometimes they keep the original german spelling but they change the pronounciation slightly to make it easier for people ( including the owner of the name him/herself ) to say ( like m\u00fcller becomes basically miller , because we ca n't wrap our tongues around the \u00fc ) . 
  if i remember my history correctly , the 1870-1914 period was pretty uneventful . 
  some political bickering here and there , but sometimes not even that , as the czech politicians at the time decided to protest against the austro-hungarian empire 's treatment of its ethnic minorities by boycotting its parliament even though they were invited to participate . 
  so basically a couple decades of nothing , and then bam , a war that 's worse by far than anything humanity had experienced . 
  i kind of hope we 're not living in a similar type of situation now . 
  i feel there are certain characteristics that would make a person incompatible with me , and those might be more commonly found in people of certain nationalities/cultures ( like being very social and outgoing and loud , that kind of thing ) , but even within one country/culture people are so diverse that it always comes down to the individual person anyway . 
  my boyfriend is austrian and i do n't feel it 's relevant at all . 
  of course distance sucks , and communication is sometimes a bit of a challenge because we speak english with each other and neither of us is a native speaker , but those are technicalities . 
  same here i think . 
  there 's a right-wing populist movement that loves to decry the tyranny of the brussels bureaucracy ( or something like that ) , but even those guys never * seriously * suggested leaving , because they realize we 'd be fucked without the eu . 
  neither , really . 
  the czech english teachers we had usually aimed at british ( and also taught the british spelling ) but still had a very czech accent . 
  but we also had conversation classes with native speakers who were usually american . 
  then some people went to study abroad in the uk , some went to the us , some did n't go anywhere but learned most of their english from american movies/tv shows , some could n't really even distinguish between the two , so everyone in the class would speak with a different accent . 
  that 's when the teachers introduced the rule of `` pick one and stick with it '' . 
  i personally use american in spoken english , just because i feel it 's easier for me to imitate , but i still sometimes mess up and mix the two when it comes to spelling . 
  at my school if a teacher caught you with your outside shoes on you 'd get sentenced to a couple hours of helping the janitor/maintenance guy sweep the floors or mown the lawn . 
  we actually had to change our shoes until the end of high school . 
  it naturally caused a war between the students and the school staff because us teenagers thought it was a stupid rule and stupid rules did n't have to be followed . 
  germans are cool . 
  there 's very few people who remember the german occupation left now , for most of us it 's about as relevant as the napoleon wars , it 's the stuff of history books , nothing more . 
  we 're much more concerned about the russians . 
  there 's evidence to show there are russian secret agents operating here , russian propaganda websites , things like that , so that 's actually a very real threat . 
  edit : in the 90s lots of people were afraid that the germans we had kicked out of the country in 1945 would return and reclaim their property that had been confiscated . 
  that did not happen . 
  some people still worry about that kind of thing , but they 're increasingly in the minority now . 
  for most people in my generation ( i 'm 26 ) this is just ridiculous .
