  i 'm not the one you asked but since i have a similar view , i 'll try to give you an answer . 
  i 'm not an expert on these things , but i think it 's more about the principle than about technicalities . 
  i think it 's impossible to calculate just how much gdp growth can be expected as a result of the ttip , there 's just so many factors that you can never really be sure until it actually happens . 
  and anyway i think it 's irrelevant , because as far as i 'm concerned , no amount of gdp growth is worth giving up some of the basic values our societies are founded on , like protecting regular citizens from corporations . 
  regulations have been harmonized at the eu level so as to implement free trade inside the eu , but that was mostly done by raising the standards in countries where they were lower ( mostly eastern europe ) , not the other way round , which is what we 're probably looking at with the ttip . 
  i am also opposed to the wto and any other sort or decision-making body that does n't fall under the control of democratically elected government ( s ) . 
  yes , the eu itself is far from perfect in this regard and that 's something for us to work on . 
  but again , we should aspire to make the not-so-great things better , not the other way round , as in lower our standards for what democracy should look like . 
  i for one really , really hope it does n't pass . 
  first of all , from what i 've read , most of the negotiations are happening in secret and noone really knows what 's actually in it . 
  that 's just shady and undemocratic in itself . 
  from what we do know , it 's going to force us to lower our standards of customer protection , environment protection , social/employee protection laws and regulations so as to match those in the us . 
  it 's going to basically make it illegal to put more protection in place , and , most importantly , it will enable corporations to sue governments over this . 
  that opens the path to a setup where private corporations , not democratically elected governments , will effectively be making our decisions for us , and that 's completely fucked up . 
  ( i mean it 's happening already , through lobbying and stuff . 
  we need to have less of this , not more . ), 
  health insurance is mandatory here , but i do n't know if that counts as the way it works is very specific . 
  car insurance is also mandatory ( if you have a car , obviously ) . 
  i guess most people will have home and household insurance and personal liability . 
  and travel insurance when you 're traveling . 
  i would n't call it a luxury . 
  but i do think cars are too expensive for how unnecessary they are . 
  i do n't personally own one , and neither do most people i know my age ( mid-twenties ) . 
  my parents have two that i can borrow if i ever need to transport bigger stuff . 
  overall , public transport is much more convenient for moving around the city than a car . 
  plus if you drive you ca n't drink !, 
  driving through prague where i live is something i always try to avoid . 
  the streets are narrow which means no parking spaces ( and the ones that are there are expensive and have strict limits on how long you 're allowed to park there ) , plenty of pedestrian areas and one-way streets so you often have to take huge detours to get where you 're going , which coupled with an almost permanent traffic jam means it usually takes longer to get somewhere by car than it does by public transport and walking . 
  other cities and towns in the country have their own public transport systems , and they 're connected to each other by trains and buses , so in theory you can pretty much get everywhere you need using public transport , though a lot of people prefer cars for traveling between cities , and small and/or remote villages only get a couple connections a day , so driving is usually a better option for those who live there . 
  haha same thing here , my grandma always thinks she 's going to catch a cold from the ac in the car , so it has to be off when we 're driving her somewhere, 
  it happened to me once when i was trying to buy a book from an online shop in a different country . 
  for some reason the bank thought it was a suspicious transaction and blocked my card , but did n't notify me . 
  i saw the transaction did n't go through so i borrowed a friend 's card to make the payment and this time it worked , so i did n't think much of it . 
  i only found out my card had been blocked when i tried to make a withdrawal a couple days later . 
  i called the bank and luckily they were able to unblock it temporarily so that i could withdraw the money , but i had to get a new card in the end . 
  it takes 5 minutes to walk from my apartment to a small supermarket , 10 minutes to a big one . 
  and then there 's like 5 other supermarkets near my office , if i ever feel like trying something different . 
  i always carry a textile shopping bag in my purse so that i can just stop by on my way from work and pick up whatever i need . 
  occasionally when i need a lot of stuff or something heavy i bring a backpack , but that 's quite rare . 
  back when i first moved away from my parents i was too lazy to carry stuff so a couple times i borrowed my mother 's car to go grocery shopping , but when i realized it takes 10 minutes to walk there and 15 minutes to get there by car i stopped . 
  even then , it would depend on the individuals . 
  there are a lot of russians and ukrainians in my office and they get along just fine . 
  in fact they tend to all stick together . 
  but they 're probably a lot more educated and open-minded than the `` average '' russians and ukrainians . 
  which is how it should be . 
  you have to go through all sorts of tests and stuff to get a permit . 
  once you have your permit i guess there are shops where you can buy a gun . 
  even then there 's a ton of restrictions on what sort of guns you can get , when and how you 're allowed to use them etc. 
  some countries use the vignette system , where you just buy the vignette and then you can use all the toll roads you want as long as your vignette is valid . 
  the czech republic has this , so does slovakia , austria , switzerland and probably others that i do n't know about . 
  other countries , such as france , italy or croatia use the toll system , where you pay according to how many kilometers of road you used . 
  the way this works in practice ( at least from what i 've seen ) is that when you enter the toll road there 's a booth where you take a ticket , and then when you 're leaving it there 's another booth where you enter the ticket and it tells you how much you have to pay . 
  sometimes even in a country with the vignette system there can be specific parts of roads where you have to pay toll even if you have the vignette . 
  austria does this for certain tunnels in the alps for example . 
  but this is quite rare and the route planner should tell you about these . 
  you might know about it already , but http://www.viamichelin.com/ is a route planner that gives you information on what sorts of tolls/fees you 'll pay . 
  i used it when i drove from the czech republic to france via germany and switzerland just last week and the information was 100 % accurate . 
  generally you either have a vignette , in which case there 's going to be a sign at the border informing you of that and you can purchase it right there ( or at the nearest gas station ) , or else you pay toll , which means there are booths where you can pay either in cash or by card . 
  afaik in the czech republic it 's not illegal to drink while underage . 
  it is illegal to sell or otherwise provide alcohol to anyone under 18 ( i.e. 
  to buy a beer for a younger friend ) and if you 're caught you can get a heavy fine . 
  in reality though nobody gives a shit about that . 
  most cheap pubs and smaller shops will not ask to see your id . 
  when i was about 14-16 we would always get a bottle of vodka or cheap wine from the local shop and drink it in the park or something . 
  it 's pretty normal for kids to start drinking at around 13-14 , and most people actually consider it a good thing - you let it out of your system early , and by the time you 're in college you do n't feel the need to regularly get black-out drunk anymore . 
  most families will allow their teenage children to have some alcohol on special occasions and/or when in private , and even to a certain degree in public , again the cheap pubs or ones in more rural areas wo n't care , but nicer restaurants will probably refuse to serve alcohol to underage people even if it 's under adult supervision . 
  in the czech republic you generally tip about 10 % in restaurants if the service was okay . 
  you can tip more if it was especially good , or not at all if it was really awful . 
  if you 're just grabbing a quick beer/coffee you can round up a bit if you 're feeling generous , but it 's not expected . 
  speaking for the czech republic , it 's not at all easy to gain citizenship . 
  you have to live here for a number of years , speak the language , and probably a bunch of other things . 
  but you do n't really need a citizenship in order to live here long term . 
  you can get a long term residence permit which admittedly involves a lot of bureaucratic nonsense for non-eu citizens ( at least that 's what my american and russian coworkers tell me ) , but once you get it , it gives you almost the same status as citizens . 
  you can work or start a business , you get access to health care , social security , parental leave etc. 
  between the ages 11 and 16 we had geography lessons at school where we would talk about each continent in turn and had to memorize all the countries on that continent , their capital cities , major rivers , mountain ranges , climate , stuff like that . 
  for major countries we also learned a bit about their economy , culture , politics and history . 
  it was mostly just the teacher speaking to us about these things but we sometimes also did presentations for the others . 
  i remember doing a presentation on the colonization of peru . 
  also language lessons ( english and french in my case ) included bits on the culture of the country and we went on several exchange trips . 
  his ideas would not make him particularly interesting in europe , since most european countries already have the stuff he 's campaigning on ( universal health care , free university education etc. 
  ) , but i like what he represents . 
  i 'm no expert on american politics , but until sanders came along i thought calling yourself `` socialist '' would be political suicide in america , so this is an important change for the better in my opinion . 
  not that he 's actually a socialist , he 's barely even a social democrat . 
  i like him a lot , but honestly i 'm pretty skeptical about his ability to actually implement this stuff , even if he does become president . 
  look at what happened with obama , and he was way less radical . 
  a lot of czech people have very positive views on america . 
  i think it 's mostly a result of a cold-war-era type thinking ( america is the opposite of russia , and russia is bad , so america must be good ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of these people do n't have any real knowledge of what life in america actually looks like these days , what political issues there are etc. 
  so they idealize it a lot . 
  personally , i do n't dislike america or american people , but i strongly disagree with most of the us government 's foreign policy and i would never in a million years want to live there because there 's just too much stuff i do n't like or simply do n't feel like dealing with ( guns , torture , death penalty , creationists and assorted crazy fundamentalist christians , no free health care , no free university education , no paid maternity leave ... just off the top of my head . ), 
  when you say it like that it does n't sound so bad . 
  this guy was telling me all about the different positions and what they do , and then i think there was a long list of rules like `` if x happens , then y happens , but when x and z happens then a or b happens '' and i got lost . 
  i 've traveled around europe quite a lot , but not as the typical backpacker , i never really saw the appeal to be honest . 
  sure , it makes sense for people from other continents , that once they 're here , they want to see as much as possible in one trip . 
  but for those of us who live here , i do n't personally see the point . 
  i mean , i can get on a plane and be in rome in 2 hours . 
  or paris . 
  or london . 
  or amsterdam . 
  i can go there for a weekend whenever i feel like it .
