  ( https://imgflip.com/i/17iwsq ) i hope my answer helped . 
  around arab neighborhoods is what they said, 
  that helicopter is getting multiple positive hits on an armoured vehicle . 
  so unless atef the civilian has an armoured car in his garage i doubt it . 
  he was denied entry to germany, 
  maybe you can trade catalonia for portugal and leave when they come in . 
  google is n't a monopoly because they try to be , they 're a monopoly because they 're the best . 
  just look at all the bing jokes . 
  google is n't a monopoly because they try to be , they 're a monopoly because they 're the best . 
  just look at all the bing jokes . 
  google is n't a monopoly because they try to be , they 're a monopoly because they 're the best . 
  just look at all the bing jokes . 
  the french news is playing audio of the screams of the dying over a slideshow of pictures . 
  they want a reaction for sure . 
  i do n't get why europe tries it 's best to look anti business . 
  if anything this will only make people feel like they are being repressed/oppressed . 
  80 now . 
  50 in critical condition . 
  reminds me of this https://imgur.com/4sxdelp.png, 
  are you fucking stupid ? 
  you 're called baltics because you 're on the baltic sea . . 
  i like muslims just fine . 
  just not when they blow themselves up and kill my countrymen at a rock concert . 
  i just want to sleep all day today . 
  wrong subbredit to try to do that shit . 
  when you invent a sport you can name it . 
  the people of kosovo are ethnically albanian , so a lot of albanian nationalists advocate for a `` greater albania '' that encompasses all albanian people . 
  well at least we know where they align politically !, 
  germany is turning into a meme with all of this . 
  they should have kicked them out and blacklisted them . 
  hey that 's better than killing them . 
  fran\u00e7ois premier would be decent . 
  but napol\u00e9on bonaparte is my undying leader so hey it works out . 
  your country stabbed us in the fucking back . 
  the belgian jokes i could make . . 
  this is r/europe not r/america . 
  it 's the leading hypothesis . 
  if you asked any european on the street they would tell you that they want free travel in the eu , but closed borders to the outside . 
  obviously qualified individuals should have pathways in . 
  but when the eu was created i doubt they envisioned a country emptying itself of 7 million people and massive immigration like this . 
  how the fuck am i `` eurasian '' . 
  i 'm not living with a goat in the ural mountains . 
  i 'm about as europe as you can get . 
  i never expected to see this in my lifetime . 
  enough is enough . 
  why the fuck does every european country feel the need to go politically correct and make sure they do n't offend anyone . 
  you know what i do if i do n't want to see nudists ? 
  i do n't look at them . 
  i do n't get why we have to change laws or social constructs to accomdate refugees . 
  if you well and truly are a refugee , you are n't staying long enough to give a damn . 
  and i 'd you 're staying longer , integrate . 
  do n't change our cultures that have withstood time and trial . 
  they 're trying to tax google search . 
  you know sooner or later companies will just pull out and then the eu will blame the `` corrupt evil businesses '' for pulling out . 
  you ca n't tax online services . 
  you just ca n't . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  google is n't selling anything , they are providing a free service that people use . 
  eu taxes are wack . 
  fuck that shit . 
  i never said i represent the majority . 
  in fact someone saying that is something that goes against the very core values of our republic . 
  in all honesty when i meet moroccans in their country they 're wonderful people . 
  but in france they 're assholes . 
  muslims are in france what conservatives in the us would call a `` problem minority . '', 
  well no . . because anyone with election knowledge knows that each region votes as a whole based off of the result of the election . 
  and a state ( corsica ) that has been a bastion of socialists and left parties , voting out of their usual place is huge . 
  that system makes it so no one has a lesser vote . 
  the one that has corsica :p, 
  sarco is the ugly one . 
  flamby the weak one . 
  in all honesty though . . 
  i would prefer zlatan over flamby . . 
  he was ugly , unlikable , and most likely corrupt . 
  but being french i can tell you that if our lives remain unchanged we are perfectly content with that . 
  but flamby has fucked us sideways . 
  i got you homie . 
  france is trying to change the way the work week works . 
  the basic work week is 35 hours long , with additional time and holidays payed at a higher rate . 
  but from what i understand , the government wants to lower the rate to around 10 % tacked on for extra time . 
  it 's a significant drop over what used to be 25 % and 50 % in some situations . 
  when my grandfather worked on holidays in the 50 's -90 's he got 300 % on top . 
  notice the change ? 
  another big problem for the french is the fact the law makes it easier to fire people . 
  obviously the initial thought is `` that just makes sense , do you job and you stay . '', 
  but when you 're confronted with 10 % unemployment rate , outsourcing to other countries , and migrants/immigrants willing to work for less , you understand why that scares the french people . 
  after all the bullshit that that law contains , ( the previous one was pretty bad too ) the president added insult to injury when he forced it through without submitting it to a vote . 
  ( that 's the emergency powers . ), 
  there 's a very large feeling among the french people that flamby ( man made of flan = no spine ) as we call him , is doing everything in his power to get rid of his weak reputation instead of actually helping europe and france . 
  almost all parties are angry , and in fact instead of helping himself he has in fact hurt his party . 
  french people are stubborn , and are often lifelong voters . 
  the latest elections saw a 30 % vote to the right , 30 % to the far right , and parties like the corsican independence parties taking control . 
  to tie this back into the story , with terrorists , rising unrest , discontent and everything else going to shit , the policemen do not feel protected here in france . 
  the people they arrest can taunt them on the street the next day because jails are too full , ( i have seen it and it disgusts me ) a policeman shooting a knife armed man has the risk of going to jail , and now their brethren are killed at home where they are supposed to be safe . 
  over 50 % of policemen voted for the far right fn party . 
  and we have like 20 parties . 
  if that is n't telling , i do n't know what is . 
  this is long sorry but it 's complicated : /, 
  explain how sarco stabilizing the economie quite well , ( i have a degree in economics ) and then flamby walks the fuck in and tears everything down , makes him worse . 
  look at france .
