by definition it is n't objective if you take a side . 
  * starts mass with * `` remember the days before kebab ? '', 
  while i support the right to protest and the right to assemble , you can not stop others from assembling to achieve your goals . 
  it was correct for these people to be arrested . 
  i 'm fine with turkey being european if we give it back to the greeks . 
  11/10 not racist for once, 
  good . 
  send them home . 
  not a fucking mistake . 
  it was deliberate given your shitty decision track record . 
  sure let 's let the doctors , engineers and merchants leave to take in welfare dependent morons . 
  for some reason i just imagine the hard drives being full of a bunch of r/polandball comics making fun of romania . 
  [ man r/sweden is having a field day . . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/4fhri8/m\u00e4staren_av_ben\u00e4mningar/ ), 
  while i disagree with his statements , i think it 's about time the german people rise up and elect a new government . 
  i mean how many layers of fucked do you have to be when it comes to freedom of speech ? 
  help r/de prpare for war and defend him !, 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  people 's families live there for a thousand years and they prioritize people that for all we know could be terrorists over them . 
  is this what we want for our children ? 
  to grow up living in fear ? 
  we seriously need to find a way to end this . 
  i 'm in love with all of those . 
  a nice side affect of growing up in an era where the eu seemed to kinda work , is i am in love with every european culture . 
  at one point i was trying to learn 7 languages but in all honesty , i live here in america , and well . . they do n't exactly love us . . ( it 'd about 50:50 with no middle ground ), 
  i do n't understand why we do n't just arrest these terrorist sympathizers . 
  they literally support worse ideas than hitler . 
  someone likes us ?!, 
  historically i do n't think anyone has had luck suppressing angry french laborers easily . 
  if a person wants to be a prostitute , why should the government tell them otherwise ? 
  and for those who bring up trafficking and exploitation , the only way to protect against that is to regulate it . 
  you ca n't regulate an economy that does n't exist, 
  why are we even considering giving moroccan people asylum ? 
  what are they running from ? 
  as i recall , the ugly duckling turned out to be a swan . 
  it 's interesting , but it 's very biased . . the video only highlighted the words that probably formed about 10 % of the actual words on their . 
  i saw a bunch of words like `` friendly '' and `` kind '' on there . 
  their country was built on immigrants . 
  they were allowed to scale with the constant influx of people . 
  our countries have been established for much longer . 
  ( for the most part ) the current immigration shit-show has catastrophic long term consequences that europe is n't prepared to deal with . 
  yeah i think so, 
  honest question . 
  why do men never wear the burkini ( or male equivalent ) if they 're supposed to ? 
  first of all i think you tried starting that as a question and ended it as a statement . 
  second of all the will of the pexpletive does n't have to be just . 
  that 's the point . 
  someone will always lose when the majority vote . 
  that 's why you need a majority . 
  not unanimity . 
  i 'm very conflicted on the ban . 
  it 's my personal stance that religion has no place in modern society . 
  it 's a plague that has destroyed and torn apart our society for far too long . 
  but on the other side i support free will and choice . 
  if someone wants to wear their own religious garb that 's all cool . 
  but unfortunately as religions tend to do , the line is often blurred between free will and social pressure . 
  france is a secular country . 
  and they will only more aggressively push the secular ( or anti religion eventually ) laws forward the worse it gets . 
  i mean yeah . 
  these are reactionary politics . 
  cater to the anger of people that they ca n't express other ways and boom you have support . 
  well of they 're `` divided '' then that land does n't belong to russia is belongs to the crimean tartars . 
  i mean . . im not the biggest nato lover . 
  but russia did annex crimea . . so i 'm not opposed to a `` wall '' to keep them from doing any more `` putin '' actions . 
  these laws often do n't bam the burqa , but often ban face covering apparel . 
  ski resorts are often privately owned . 
  and the only purpose for a ski mask is to ski . 
  the ban covers public places . 
  over my dead fucking body . 
  must still be salty about vienna . 
  you are aware that france has won more wars than most of western europe combined right ? 
  including the 100 years war where you lost all of your possessions in france ? 
  nah man washington dc has no power in the elections . 
  maybe because most refugees have no skill sets that could make them employable to top companies ? 
  lol riots . 
  some fans started fires . 
  a little history . 
  most of north africa at one time belonged to france . 
  after a series of rebellions/uprisings , the french government basically said `` fuck it '' and left . 
  many people either saw the benefit of being french/felt more french than north african , so they left and emigrated to france . 
  as immigration tends to go , people immigrate to areas with an already existing population . 
  this creates enclaves , such as chinatown in la. 
  that 's where the similarities stop though . 
  whereas chinatown is a vibrant community of commerce and imported goods , the time period during which these thousands upon thousands of people moved in was a period of people building large buildings to house people . 
  ( hlm as we call them . ), 
  now combine extremely large amounts of people into one space with very little education and a high birth rate , and you 're just asking for poverty to set in . 
  now one would imagine that by now you have a little bit of sympathy for them . 
  but unfortunately it seems it 's a vicious cycle . 
  the first generations of immigrants from north africa were very productive and quite well integrated . 
  but over time there started to be an us vs them mentality that developed in those communities . 
  as france is a socialist country , free education is a right , among other things . 
  i 'm currently studying abroad at iowa state university , and i 'm paying 30k a year . 
  college in france is usually less than one thousand dollars . 
  but many people do n't take advantage of the opportunities given to them . 
  not because they are n't intelligent enough , but because they are pressured by their community . 
  anyone that gets a college education and leaves is seen as the enemy . 
  many of my arab friends have told me that if you leave you have to make it . 
  because they wo n't accept you back in . 
  now add all of this stuff up , history , high population , low education , social pressure , and combine it with the current poor economic situation and high unemployment rate . 
  they blame france for all of their problems . 
  but from the outside it looks like [ this . ],
