  we tended to act only on an emergency-based paradigm , which left us with a judiciary system which greatly lacks organization and is in dire need of a complete overhaul . 
  different elections in different years . 
  and yes , i know that they 're just a year apart but for the italian politics that 's not a small time difference . 
  what is more , the european elections were held with a different pm ( our current premier , renzi ) from the candidates of the previous political ones and where given particular political importance by the m5s ( five star movement ) , who planned to overthrow the government alliance forcing snap elections winning the european elections . 
  the italians responded by voting renzi 's party ( partito democratico - pd ) , who at the time still had pretty high approval rating ( i think it 's lower now ) , which ended up polling around 40 % and twice the votes of the five star movement . 
  it was something which was not commonly envisioned and a lot of politicians were caught by surprise by it . 
  i was working at the polling station at the time , in an area which has been historically `` red '' and where the pd got around 60 % and i clearly remember the party delegate literally handling cigars to everyone after the scrutiny at three in the morning . 
   you 're also counting the five star movement , which i had some trouble classifying but ended up putting in the far-left since in my opinion they 're more ecosocialist and very different from the ukip they may be different from the national front , but i really do n't think they 're really that different from the ukip . 
  in any case , i would never classify them as far-left , they are populists and tend towards the direction in which the wind blows , right now for example they 've picked quite a nationalist and borderline xenophobic stance on immigration . 
  not necessarily . 
  you can take italy as counter example . 
  the italian gdp is on of the biggest in the eu , yet the number of nobel laureates is consistently lower that what might be expected . 
  i 'd say it correlates with investments in higher education and research , something which is incredibly lacking in italy . 
   there is a lot of social stigma from not being on facebook this might be a matter of your personal perception . 
  for instance i am not on facebook , never even been , and i really do n't feel this huge external pressure . 
  there are red squirrels in the woods near the engineering faculty and i used to spot the odd nutria on the banks of the river , but now that i think about it it has probably been years since the last one . 
  i wonder if they ever managed to eradicate them all . 
  i am afraid you got it wrong . 
  we are not apologising as we have nothing to apologise for , probably each and every italian redditor who posted on this thread despises grillo and his party . 
  we are just pointing out the fact that he is just a bit more than the village 's fool , and should be treated as such . 
  * controversial comments * is actually a bit of a mouthful . 
   how she told the syrian kid how immigration has to be stopped she is actually a 14 y.o. 
  refugee from palestine , who came to germany to undergo a couple of medical procedures impossibile in the refugee camp in libano where she used to live , with the help of the international red cross . 
  not exactly the poster child for economical migrants . 
  almost half of the italian populace is considered to have severely lacking skills regarding the comprehension of a written text ( [ source ] ( http://www.statcan.gc.ca/pub/89-604-x/89-604-x2011001-eng.pdf ) - from page page 61 on ) . 
  so , yeah , there 's that . 
  also , someone who has been found guilty in a fair share of libel suits and apparently does not consider calling a 94 years old nobel-laureate `` an old whore '' beyond himself . 
  [ mandatory fragment from roberto benigni 's * berlinguer ti voglio bene * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ycvseprypo ) . 
  [ in italian - ** highly nsfw audio ** ], 
   only solution is enforcing borders let me be cristal clear on this . 
  * enforcing borders * , in this situation , pretty much translates into torpedoing boats full of people . 
  which is a solution , i 'll give you that , but only if you are ready to disregard a lot of international treaties , human rights and even basic decency . 
  are you really suggesting that we take example from saudi arabia ? 
  yes , they greatly ignore the refugee issue , more likely than not disregarding altogheter a bunch of international treaties , and are a rich country . 
  good for them . 
  that does not make it in any way a less shitty course of action . 
  but i suppose we can follow their lead and turn into a meager excuse for a free developed nation , if that would you make you feel better . 
  so you 've had established a colonialist system . 
  been there , done that , it does n't work and some might argue that 's one of the reasons why we are in this conundrum in the first place . 
  to reiterate , if this is your idea of `` europe '' you can gladly keep it . 
  i personally do not want it nor i think we need an europe which is not built on the premises of solidarity and sharing burdens and success . 
  to be honest , if the system was working and every mp showed accountability for his/her actions towards the people who voted for him/her , i would n't be against such larger representative body . 
  the issue is that , with the current electoral system , the mps , once elected , tend to be completely free from any kind of mandate . 
  albeit not a very influental one , europe-wise , would n't you agree ? 
  italy is actually the third biggest shareholder of the esm , effectively being one of the only three countries ( the other two being germany and france ) to hold unilateral veto power on the matter . 
  i would n't really call that * insignficant * . 
  after everyhting is said and done , he still * is * the leader of the biggest centre-left italian party , the partito democratico , which also is the biggest single party inside pes . 
  surely not as left as syriza or other smaller italian parties , but surely on the left side of the political spectrum . 
  was n't blatter involved in an * elegant dinner * with nazy dominatrixes ? 
  nor it does change the fact that the statue of limitation present formulation , in the contest of a legal system as lethargic as the italian one , is simply ludicrous . 
  which speaks more of the slowness of the italian system than of the statue of limitation buy itself , but still . 
  this might catch some flak , but i really do n't care . 
  you say you are scared of the future , and of what it might hold for us , you say that the situation might easily turn dire pretty soon , you say that with your line of study it might prove hard to find a job in the private sector . 
  yet you are studying `` international studies '' ? 
  which , in italy , nowadays is pretty much a degree without any concrete outcome ? 
  i know it 's not nice hearing it , but are you really sure that you are not effectively shooting yourself in the foot right now ? 
  even if that would be true , he has no concrete chance of forming a government , giving his ludicrous stance on `` not compromising '' with anyone except his cronies , since everyone but themselves is literally hitler . 
  he is good at barking , i 'll give him that . 
   [ ... ] suspected of being [ ... ]  [ ... ] suspected of radicalising [ ... ]  [ ... ] he is said to be [ ... ]  [ ... ] reportedly lives [ ... ]  and so on and so forth ... 
  this article really * is * something . 
   the populists in the other countries make syriza serm like tame centrists by comparison . 
  maybe , but the populists in the other countries are generally not the driving driving force of political initiative . 
   brilliant in a machiavellian sense . 
  it surely is , but i am afraid the hidden cost of this feat ( and the most grave at that ) is not going to be a monetary one . 
  this crisis is driving a wedge between the eu and sowing discord and disdain , and the way greece conducted the negotations was one of the driving factors . 
  we might still save greece today , but i do n't know how much this sets us back on a path to eu integration . 
   after syriza 's relative success i am afraid it 's still early to label this as success . 
  things might turn pretty ugly pretty soon . 
  all we can do is waiting and hoping for the best . 
  common sense , basic human rights and international law , just to name a few . 
   members will think very , very hard before joining the ez that might be true , but if the only trust lost was that , it would be a modest price to pay . 
  the prospect members for the ez can probably be counted on one hand and only a couple of them are major players . 
  again ? 
  have n't you already posted this a couple of hours ago and removed in the wake of the shistorm generated by the fact that it was a misquoted extract of an interview , completely taken out of context ? 
   but tsipras gets his portrait hang on the wall as the leader that breaks the rules and goes against europe . 
  only if there 's an happy ending atfer the storm . 
  which might very well be possibile , it 's simply uncharted territory . 
  in the event that the outcome of the referendum wrecks greece i am not so sure there would be many portraits to hang . 
   that is not what syriza is saying . 
  good for them . 
  not as good for the greeks though . 
  the best greece could hope for , in the event of the * no * option winning the ballot , is a controlled default inside the ez , and fighting tooth and nail to avoid being kicked out . 
  that wo n't absolutely be drama free . 
  there is a pretty good vice documentary on it , [ three days of war ] ( http://www.vice.com/video/three-days-of-war ) , it 's a bit outdated , since it was filmed before the recent reform process of the rule body , but it 's still enjoyable . 
  there is no chance in hell we would even think about setting foot on syrian soil . 
  quite frankly , there is absolutely no traction for such intervention watsovever nor any foresable event which might change the current situation . 
  the situation is slightly different about libya , with the prospect of a un-sanctioned intervention down the line not totally impossibile , but at most it would entail the military control of selected ports or coastal areas , ignoring the rest of the country , and even that is quite implausible . 
  a naval blockade might be a bit more probable , but still chances are pretty slim . 
  like some sort of shitty tooth fairy ? 
  i am not sure the content of the deposit boxes has been declared faithfully . 
  in order to seize the money you 'd have to start opening random boxes . 
   they ca n't attack greece , they 're a nato member . 
  the fact that no one is starting a war it 's pretty obvious , but not just because greece is a nato member . 
  if you mean what i think you mean , provided that would even be possible and i am really not sure about it , it would pretty much amount to a large scale counterfeit operation at best . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but once greece defaults ( * if * it defaults ) there wo n't be much to do . 
  murky and turbulent waters may lay ahead , but once greece votes no the margin to steer might be completely gone . 
  in this sense the referendum might very well be a choiche between staying in the eurozone or leaving . 
  yes , * they * said greece is not leaving the eurozone no matter the outcome , what * they * did not say is how they are going to achieve that , since the time frame for discussion is pretty much over , and more so after the referendum . 
  at this point , everyone except * them * accepts that it 's either in or out .
