  in this sense i 'd consider a self-post with an article and a link a to the video to be a way better submission . 
  i am still convinced that this submission was rightfully removed , as should have been removed in the past a lot of low-information submissions about the ukraine conflict . 
  as a note , we are discussing about the merit of the content , but i am pretty sure both of us know exactly what all this fuss is about . 
  which is the main reason i am pretty much convinced on giving up on the subreddit , at least for a while . 
  but if you feel like trying to steer it from the precipice , i sincerely wish you the best . 
  right , a single data point is obviously indicative of trend inside a time frame . 
  are you really suggesting that the simple existence of the reddiquette ( which , by the way , is explicitly described as an * informal expression of the values of many redditors * not as a set of rules , [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy ) being the only rules strongly enforced site-wise ) automatically translates into the user-base respecting it ? 
   the solution to that is to simply recruit more moderators . 
  not that hard to do . 
  brilliant , yes ? 
  something which is already explicitly scheduled in the upcoming days/weeks . 
  quite brilliant indeed . 
  i 'll simply refrain from pointing out the fallacy of the rest of the post . 
   if it is good enough to be noticeable on the front page then i think we can agree the user-base leans one way which would totally hinder any possible relation between the value of a submission and the fact that it reaches the frontpage . 
  which was exactly what i was pointing out in my previous post ( e.g. 
  low-quality meme posts often reaching the frontpage in populated subreddits ) . 
  that would really help an understaffed community . 
  brilliant !, 
  that would actually work only on the premises that the user-base is not already polarized on the issue . 
  something which , in a sense or the other , can not be said about the topic at hand . 
  well , it really does not provide a lot of information though . 
  a reuters article describing the content might have been better , possibly linking the video in the comments . 
  yep , mainly posters supporting your position though . 
  he might really be a poor censor then . 
  the frontpage has literally been swarmed by immigration threads this last couple of days , most of them containing blatantly racist posts and even calls to violence towards migrants , the burnt of them strangely posted by low-karma recently-created users . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  still , the point is pretty much moot at this stage . 
  and , by the way , i could make the same case regarding the reintroduction of border controls and the revamp of racial or nationality features in policy making . 
  ok . do that with me now then . 
  you can consider that my position if you like . 
   no , open border mean they can buy a plane ticket so they do n't have to pay smuggler . 
  well , good for her . 
  she still is pretty much isolated holding that position and the chances of her getting some traction on that are close to nil . 
   a naval blockade in april could ( and would in my opinion ) have saved thousands of lives by now . 
  i actually was partially a supporter for a naval blockade then , but , if you think about it , it seems to create more issues than it solves . 
  first of all , an unilateral naval blockade would be incontrovertibly an act of war . 
  yes , i know we can probably easily still do it , but it 's something we should nevertheless consider . 
  who would be the one to implement the blockade , anyhow ? 
  italy ? 
  the eu ? 
  a * coalition of the willing * ? 
  gathering un support for an intervention seems like a better idea , but securing the absence of vetoes in council is not easy , considering the current state of our relations with russia . 
  suppose we manage to implement the blockade , what are we to do when the first boat tries to force its way ? 
  sink it down ? 
  seize its control ? 
  without the control of the coastal areas we would be forced to torpedo boats filled with civilians or we 'd be in the same situation we are right now . 
  the situation opens you up to a lot of flak from the un , the international community , internal oppositions and the like . 
  even completely disregarding the moral aspect of the situation . 
  i am not saying that there 's no one who holds such opinion , just that such proposition has no concrete possibility of being deployed and is pretty much absent from the day-to-day political discourse . 
  sometimes there is not always a an interest-advancing outcome in deploying a policy , it might be the case that every other possible policy is simply worse . 
  that 's why we should work to change the situation in the first place , instead of changing our reaction to the issues that the current state of affairs creates . 
  our current solution is lacking a lot of ways , but is simply roughly the best we can muster with the hand we are dealt . 
   if people started pulling out of the eu it would be an economic disaster . 
  that really depends . 
  if one of the handful of big economies pulls out of the eurozone that would be a problem . 
  less so if it 's a smaller state ( regarding economical metrics ) . 
  and , to go even further , we should consider actively pushing away countries where authoritarian regimes take foot . 
   but if nothing changes then in 100-200 years europe will turn into africa 2.0 . 
  our current most conservative models forecast generally worse scenarios for europe if we do not act now in a radical and incisive fashion to curtail climate change . 
  on this time scale the present migration process is pretty much a negligible threat . 
   nations rarely actively work against their own interests due to morality . 
  that might be true , but it does n't translate in the fact that nations generally disregard morality altogether to achieve their goals . 
  they might turn their backs up to a point , but there are not many scenarios in which actively forfeiting your legal obligations , allowing the mass murder of unarmed civilians on your borders , becomes justifiable . 
  then the eu can work together to build a common framework to identify the migrants , process the refugees ' claims , house the ones whose claims are deemed worthy and repatriate the others . 
  we can also put pressure together on the countries from which the migrants come from to get them back and even try to smooth things out in libya . 
  instead we are chasing our tails forecasting the apocalypse and doing totally jack shit in the meantime . 
  maybe , if we let them have the sudetenland , they 'll stop ... 
  if you put it that way , it actually makes me a little proud . 
  we would be putting our unproven immediate economic gain to the side to avoid people dying . 
  do n't get me wrong , the situation is shitty , but at least we would have our moral compass straight and we would n't be sitting on our asses watching people die . 
  which is more that i can say of a lot of eastern european governments . 
  which is a tactful way of saying you were indeed building a strawman to help your case ? 
   people who hold their views rock solid for the sake of principle are fools there are some things ( which ironically are called principles ) which you can not abandon no matter the situation . 
  there 's not a lot of them , but the few ones are not subject to compromises . 
  take the situation with the migrants reaching italy by boat as an example . 
  when someone 's life is in immediate danger , being stranded in the middle of the sea without water on an overloaded sinking vessel , it 's your moral and legal duty , if you can , to help . 
  that 's something we should not be willing to compromise on . 
  we can discuss how to handle the situation after they 've been rescued , we can discuss how to solve the libyan clusterfuck we were more than happy to create a couple of years ago , we can even consider asking for a un resolution and set foot on the ground together . 
  but we should not let people wash up dead on our doorstep if we can in any way avoid it . 
  and if keeping the basic human tenets ends up breaking the union so be it , if that ends up blowing on the fascist ashes the we 'll have to hope to curtail them or , when push comes to shove , we might even have take a page from my grandpa 's generation book and go to the mountains , but there are things which are not up to discussion . 
   instead of preaching about opening the borders seriously , who is preaching to open indiscriminately the borders ? 
  the mainstream left-wing discourse is centered around respecting our obligations towards the un treaties , offer a safe heaven to refugees and repatriate the illegal migrants whose claims to refugee status have no legal basis . 
  spinning this position towards a more a extreme one is pretty much building a strawman . 
  which does not imply that there might be someone who considers opening borders a good idea , but the position seems to be extremely less prevalent then people who push for sinking the boats . 
  you know that filtering works on user-based opt-in paradigm , right ? 
  you could still keep pandering your views , whichever they might be , to the / r/europe audience if the mods allow you to , do n't worry . 
  yes please , if you are really dead set on not resurrecting the megathread or even creating a new subreddit at least give us a filter and enforce tagging . 
  right now the subreddit is simply a mess , and there 's a reason i 'm not subscribed to / r/worldnews . 
  yeah , good luck getting traction on the un front with that . 
   i would think hope that everyone thinks that their nation is the greatest in history did you enjoy our latest european conflicts ? 
  because that ideology played a nice part in making sure we did unspeakable stuff to each other . 
  and that is relevant how , exactly ? 
  are the bad muslims coming to steal our jobs ? 
  and please note that i am refraining to use * your * nationality to attack your position , which in this instance would actually be quite easy . 
   international treaties can be changed , still no action on that front from the czech government though , eh ? 
  come on , you should push for the un to change the '67 new york protocol and make your case on the international front , you might also get some help from other notable non-members like north korea , libya and pakistan . 
  either that or you can gladly help or at least have the decency to shut up . 
  you can still support freedom of speech and at the same time disagree with the contents . 
  endorsing freedom of speech does not mean endorsing holocaust denial , for example . 
  seems like you truly support freedom of speech in the end , eh .
