yeah , sure thing . 
  now , since i have a master degree , in engineering nonetheless , who should i call to get my well-paid career ? 
   i lived with italian engineers in london who all looked for work but ended up taking jobs at places like starbucks and caffe nero . 
  this is the very thing i can not understand at all . 
  you 've got a degree in engineering , you move to london and you end up getting a job as a barista ? 
  for fucks sake , you could have done the same back at home !, 
  keep looking for better opportunities , move somewhere else or just come back . 
  yes we have . 
  as a matter of fact , it 's really unlikely that the bride could acquire italian citizenship throught this marriage . 
  more likely the marriage is simply a temporary fix in order to extend the bride 's visa whilst her fiance 's divorce goes in effect . 
  it should be clear that the comparison between podemos and the italian m5s makes absolutely sense on the common ground of being a recently founded party gaining popularity , not on the core political tenets . 
  i am not very knowledgeable about podemos , but if get this right it 's a left wing party focusing on social issues ( please , correct me if i am misguided ) , while m5s is a party built on a strong core of populism , encompassing positions ranging from the left to the extreme right . 
   italy claiming london can we ? 
  i 'd love to secure a steady stream of quality tea and designer clothes . 
  and fabric is also a plus . 
  i 'd probably go with : * there is more than berlusconi !, 
  * * there is more than berlusconi !, 
  it 's actually the name of supposedly high end restaurant chain . 
   using an ` inside voice ' is not a thing in italy . 
  do n't be silly now . 
  who are you supposed to argue with when you are alone ? 
  it 's only an overplayed photo opportunity , crowded by tourist and street sellers . 
  once you 've taken the canonical picture there 's not much else to do . 
  sienna , san gimignano , vinci , monteriggioni and lucca are all way better . 
  as [ betteridge 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ) states , no . 
  for the ones wondering you 'd say `` ti voglio bene '' to your mother , your son , your grandma or a dear friend , as i sign of affection , but you could also say it to your so . 
  while saying `` ti amo '' to someone else ( not as jest ) is kinda of a big deal , and conveys a certain type of passion . 
  to the best of my knownledge , i would translate them both in english to `` i love you '' , leaving the subtext to the be derived from the occasion . 
  she is not in the slightest pro-russian , but it 's not a mistery that she is not a hawk and had always sponsored ( someone might say on behalf of the italian government ) a diplomatic solution to the ukrainian crysis . 
  i personally find the mix with tusk a good idea . 
  i know , and looking at the aftermath of last year earthquake in garfagnana and lunigiana from a close point of view i 've seen people forced to sell their home for a song since they could not afford to put the money upfront for the restoration , even though it might ( at this point it 's not already certain ) be subsidized . 
  but unfortunatly there really is n't an other way . 
  a consistent portion of the costs ( maybe as high as half of them ) used to be subsidized by the state as tax cuts at least until some years ago . 
  besides , what 's the alternative ? 
  bulldozing half of italy ? 
  that paper is the same one referenced in the article and during court earings . 
  as already stated , the model used proved to be unsound , but , even if was , i am missing what you are advocating . 
   brick and masonry buildings in an earthquake zone ? 
  what are they thinking ? 
  while i wholeheartedly agree on the need of a stronger enforcement of building codes and practices , l'aquila is an historical town , dating back to the middle age . 
  brick and mortar buildings should be expected and replacing them is not feasible at all , that 's something you need to work around somehow . 
  actually , as the article itself states , at least one of the seven members of the commission ( de bernardinis ) gave an interview greatly downplaying the risk of an earthquake , arguably in order to reassure the populace following external pressure , and that is a grave mistake . 
  mind you , that 's not enough to be convicted of manslaughter , and the verdict will probably be reversed in appeal ( italy has a three-degrees judicial system ) , but being italian and an engineer as de bernardinis , you really ought to know better . 
  oh god , not this shit again . 
  a point which the article conveniently omits is the fact that , not only italian * regioni a statuto speciale * ( special statute regions ) , that includes south tyrol , get a great chunk of their taxes back , they also get a lot more as funds from the central government , concretely spending money they did not have in the first place . 
  money which comes from a small part ( 5 or 6 ) of the other regioni . 
  coming from such a premise , does he have a concrete shot at winning ? 
  it seems to be a losing strategy . 
  actually , if i remember right , they were * collaborating * with a regular ngo , but were there as private citizens . 
  that 's actually an honest opinion , but i feel like it should be added that , while having a foreign policy heavily influenced by a small number of countries is a risk , the fact that not every eu country has the same weight on an international level might be a factor in it . 
  and like it or not , sooner or later the eu will need a common foreign policy , at least on selected matters . 
  or to dalmatia , for what it matters . 
  the nun has tested negative , while the missionary , a.k.a the patient , has contracted the ebola virus disease . 
  just a small note , while a consistent , but ever decreasing , part of small and family-owned shops are indeed closed from lunch to approximately 3 p.m. , do n't expect that to be the case for offices and white collar jobs . 
  you usually just get an hour break for lunch . 
  the bit on late dinner is right , but you can probably try your luck finding a restaurant serving dinner around 7:30 p.m. 
  actually that , oversimplifieing the matter , * might * be a consequence of the new electoral law in the making , which , despite being clearly linked to the senate reform , is a different beast altogether . 
  on a side note , such law might be push towards a two-coalition system , not a two-party system , a scenario which , considering the italian current political spectrum , is quite unlikely . 
  yep , i 'd rather say roughtly 500 years ago . 
  * swooosh * ... ok , i absolutely did n't get it the first time . 
  i personally find more interesting how fca sales will fare in italy in the upcoming years . 
  historically italy proved to be one of the main markets for fiat , mainly due to state aids and a certain italian pride , now that aids apply to at least every european car maker and fiat is n't really italian anymore this might drastically change . 
  hmm ... exactly , * why * ? 
  are we really talking about the same southern europe ? 
  actually italy ( and any other country in the same situation ) can oppose to the request and have them tried locally . 
  this is what andrea orlando , the italian ministry of justice , assured [ on twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/andreaorlandosp/status/492600252927864832 ) a couple of days ago . 
  shrapnel made chuckle . 
   or that this italian newspaper is n't a very reliable source . 
  it actually is , at least generally speaking . 
  corriere della sera is one of the oldest and most reputable newspapers in italy . 
  though that does n't make this article a good one . 
  well , corriere della sera is one of the oldest and most diffused newspapers in italy . 
  generally it could be considered a reputable source , but i really ca n't say anything about this specific article . 
  so , take it with a pinch of salt . 
  is this really news of any sort ? 
  this is more or less how diplomacy works since the dawn of age . 
  we were debating the same topic on / r/italy in the last few days . 
  the general consensus is that no one really cares . 
  the issue reagrding italy is a bit different though , since citizenship is granted based on ius sanguinis , not on ius soli , so we have grandchildren of migrants living in the u.s. or australia for example who have dual citizenship and if op was born in italy from foreigner parents he would n't have been granted citizenship . 
   if the uk authorities did not have the practical ability to stop the refugees from entering the uk , the refugees would already have entered the uk . 
  that 's the whole reason they are in camps in calais i 'm pretty sure the refugees crowding the camps in calais now are not the same who were there last year . 
  yes , u.k. can probably prevent some of them from entereing , the point is if they can avoid enough of them doing so . 
   the uk has the ability to largely ignore the calais situation as france 's problem and refuse entry to the uk by refugees from france . 
  does it really ? 
  yes , theoretically the u.k. can bar refugees from entering , but only if they catch them in the act . 
  once they manage to get in you really can not sende them back to france ( or any other country ) anymore if they did n't apply previously for asylum . 
  and even if you manage to stop them while getting off a boat or a truck you can just send them back to france , but they might try again . 
   they have no business being in the u.k. . as they have being in france . 
  the issue is that they * want * to reach the u.k. and if you do n't stop them trying they ca n't be sent back anymore ( where are you sending them to ? ), 
  and the vast majority is eligible for asylum . 
  i do n't particularly consider what should the uk do on the matter as much as what should the eu , as a whole , do . 
  it seems to me that europe is facing a wave of migrants , a consistent part of which are also refugees , who are dead-set on reaching certain states . 
  they do n't just want a safe haven from war and violence , they want the place they consider having the best chances for their future . 
  from this prospective relaying the issue only on the countries in which they enter the eu seems quite limiting . 
  following international treaties migrants can be deported or given refugee status , but they can not be held against their will , so they will simply leave to continue their journey and eventually reach their destination . 
  the only way out is a common european framework , policing the borders , and starting to act on non-european neighbouring countries to limit the flux . 
  more pictures can be found on [ this ] ( http://www.vice.com/fr/read/le-trou-noir-de-calais ) vice - france article . 
  less so than five years ago . 
  there was some ruckus raised about venetian independentists in the last year but the issue is perceived mainly by the international public , while garners little attention in domestic news and discussion . 
  italy was n't actually on the same boat as the uk , and besides at the time monti was the italian prime minister , guiding one of the most pro-eu and hated cabinets ever .
