   they 're just plain migrants looking for greener pastures ; from places like pakistan , bangladesh , senegal , kenya , etc and we should repatriate them , something in which the whole eu might consider contributing . 
  as simple as that . 
   refugees should seek refuge in neighbouring countries yes , they should , and the vast majority is . 
  yet we have pledged long time ago to harbour them if we need to , and enforcing that clause is something good and decent . 
   if that was put to the vote you may find that your eu would be smaller that what could be counted on a single hand . 
  so be it then , if you renounce your principles , human rights being one of them , simply because they are not temporary convenient you 've never had principles in the first place and you might go back on your word on everything if the convenience arise . 
  better with trusted friends or even alone than with a bunch of people willing to turn their cloaks at the first inconvenience . 
  and , by the way , i am far from pro-immigration , i just like behind a decent human being living in a decent country . 
   refugees from pakistan and bangladesh ? 
  yeah right . 
  do i really need to explain to you the difference between migrant and refugee ? 
  you might want to at least get the gist of the matter before trying to discuss it . 
   the cornerstone needs to be redone then . 
  how about no ? 
  but i would be more than happy to see the eu part from every country whose majority would decide to renounce the new york protocol on refugees . 
  chances are we might not share than much of common ground if that 's the case . 
   when the burden is distributing migrants the burden is not sharing migrants , it 's sharing refugees . 
  and accepting them is a cornerstone of international relations since wwii , being set to make sure that the horrors we turned our backs on never happen again . 
  i am afraid we 'd pretty much have to agree to disagree on the matter . 
  an economical union without freedom of movement is something i 'd harshly oppose , just like any reform to schengen going towards limiting such freedom . 
  i 'd probably go as far a saying that our view of what the eu should be are incompatible . 
  you seem to want more powers for the single countries and less integration , i want the exact opposite and am pretty convinced that the best solution to our situation and the only way for us to matter in the future is to double down on the eu project . 
  that lasted two weeks and is actually part of the * plan b * which renzi threatened to deploy if the eu kept ignoring the issue . 
  then the greek clusterfuck happened and the matter was adjourned . 
  if only italy or greece ever asked for a modicum of help . 
  turns out that complaining is easier than concretely acting , so , for the time being , you can keep complaining . 
  when the eu is ready to discuss the issue in a serious and mature way we can stop complaining and do that . 
  killing unarmed civilians is . 
  this is a pretty basic fallacy . 
  we 've overcame the phase in which everyone had to act by himself to get things done millennia ago . 
  we have state structures for such things , which after a democratic process eventually share the burdens over the community . 
  the same rationale applies to universal healthcare and is pretty much one of the european core values . 
  yet i would n't call the mass murder of unarmed civilians a solution . 
  i would call it a tragedy and a despicable act , and , quite frankly , i hope i 'd find the strength to resort to political violence , having exhausted all other options , before letting that happen . 
  but we are talking far fetched hypotheticals here . 
  no , you most likely would not , mainly due to the fact that under schengen regulation border checks have been dropped . 
  which , let me be clear , is something i strongly advocate for . 
  migrants and asylum seekers act under the same premises , they can not roam the eu freely , but at the same time there 's not many people stopping them . 
  the situation is generated by the fact that border countries ( e.g. 
  greece , italy , spain , hungary ) have been left in charge of the border controls for the whole union , without any kind of incentive or help in handling the situation , historically receiving mixed signals by the eu . 
  they would have to consistently breach european regulations and echr pronunciations , on top of investing state funds , to keep migrants who do n't want to and actively try to flee , so they do it only to an extent . 
  mind you that when italy and greece asked for help in sharing the burden they had to witness the eu trying to weasel away from the issue and in the end coming up with a ridiculously low figure for the asylum seekers to be relocated and nothing more . 
  the answer is not suspending schengen , the answer is starting to police * our * borders togheter and put forward a common plan to share the load of refugees and repatriations . 
  i 'd hardly consider the outcome of a * local referendum * to be indicative of the intentions of the majority of the population . 
  and while staying in the union avoiding to do your part to tackle common issues is an indefensible position , leaving the eu to avoid the obligations which come with membership is not and its something that should be feasible . 
  i 've re-read my comment , and it 's indeed more harsh and bitter than i wanted it to be . 
  i am sorry for it . 
  the migrant crisis we are facing is surely a stress factor on the whole eu and a lively debate is surely to be expected , it 's simply that i think our best course of action goes through a strong european integration , trying to develop a common policy on the issue and working on international level to handle the situation both within the union and out of its borders . 
  well , if slovaks collectively think that the interests of the eu do not align with their ones they should be free to leave the union . 
  i 'd quite frankly rather see everyone who does not value a cohesive eu leave now than having to fight tooth and nail on every issue . 
   you people ( western europeans ) act like you do us such a huge favor with those sanctions that 's exactly the point you 're missing . 
  no one is doing no one a favour out of the kindness of their hearts . 
  we are involved in the russian crisis together as eu in the same way that we are involved in the migrant crisis together . 
  we simply should and frequently are acting together to tackle everyone 's issues.but for that to work each and every country has to do its part , proportionally to its potentialities and to the matter at hand . 
  we either act together as eu or we would better just dissolve the union or scale it down to its core members and face the consequences . 
  how about we apply the same rationale also to the russian sanctions too then ? 
   my point is , the number per week is not that high but its high enough to be a problem for the eu . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  still , my point stands . 
   we are taking their most valuable human resources we are taking nothing . 
  we are simply allowing people a modicum of choice in where to spend their lives . 
  the comparison with colonialism misses the target at best and is merely insulting at worst . 
  saying that 21000 migrants got to greece * last week * is completely different than saying that * every week * 21000 are reaching greece and will continue to do do . 
   backed up by several polls i really do n't think that basing the political action of the whole union on public sentiment is such a nice idea . 
  people at large , myself abundantly included , generally lack the tools and informations to form a meaningful opinion on complicated matters . 
  shh ... that 's not a nice word to say today . 
  this are economic migrants and that settles the matter , we should be content of leaving them to die in their home countries or on their way here . 
  i really thought we were better , seems like i was the one being sorely misguided . 
  i am afraid i have to agree with you , despite the comments in this thread , which are generally pretty constructive . 
  the sad truth , at least in my opinion , is that there is a wide host of loosely connected users who are actively pushing an agenda , be it by posting incendiary comments or silently upvoting/downvoting content , and the situation might already be too compromised to be effectively handled . 
  if the quarantine has to be lifted , at least please implement a tag and filter system . 
  i 'd rather avoid altogether the topic before having my frontpage flooded . 
  and we ` be established that on what basis , exactly ? 
  the fact that it suits us ? 
  we should start ignoring the european conventions we drew togheter at the first sign they are not convenient ? 
  what kind of message does that send ? 
   in barcelona there is a lot of the kind of tourism that only brings people without any kind of respect for the locals , their culture or their daily lives . 
  trust me , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  last year around 8.6 million people visited florence ( [ source ] ( http://www.cittametropolitana.fi.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/firenze_2014_mov.pdf ) - last page on the right ) , and florence has a fraction of barcelona inhabitants . 
  sometimes it feels like living in a fish tank and some areas of the center are practically off limits during the day , but it 's a different kind of tourism , mostly middle-aged foreigners , families , groups . 
  i think the answer is working on the perception that people have of barcelona , the city is charming and has a consistent cultural pull . 
  it will take time , but managing tourism without turning into disneyland is possible . 
   the problem is that barcelona has a long left wing tradition this partially translates to florence too , the communist party and then the centre-left coalition of the moment has been governing the city since wwii . 
  i really do n't think that making sure that everyone respects the city which is hosting him is a * right-wing * thing to do . 
  on the contrary , i find keeping care of the communal infrastructure quite left-wing . 
  anarchy does not automatically translate into doing whatever pleases you disregarding the others . 
  i 'm florentine and came back from barcelona a couple of weeks ago , so i can relate to a point , tourists can be an hindrance on your daily life , especially if your livelihood does not depend on them , and can radically modify the face and feel of a city . 
  but that 's the price of living in a cool place , people will come to visit it and antagonize them is really not the answer . 
  you should try to educate and police them , weed out the unruly ones and welcome the rest . 
  the key is stressing the fact that barcelona ( as any other tourist-filled city ) is first and foremost a place where people live , not a theme park or a museum . 
  again , do you see that written anywhere ? 
  can you point me to it ? 
  the keyword is still * xenophobic * . 
  is that written somewhere in my previous post ? 
  and by the way the keyword is * xenophobic * not * right-winger * , the two things are not one and the same . 
  i do n't think there is much more to say about the current migration phenomenon which has n't already been repeated ad nauseam . 
  i 'd rather keep the present self-propelled hate-spewing circlejerk as contained as possible . 
  it 's not an optimal solution and i am no fan of curtailing free speech , but it 's surely better than handing the subbreddit to a bunch of xenophobic right-wingers . 
  yep . 
  unfortunately pragmatism and planning regarding government are not the strong suits of the italian political elites of at least the last 30 years .
