  further negotiations are pretty much just wishful thinking . 
  so , just like this one , or are you really convinced on the occurrence of a christmas morning miracle in the event of a `` no '' ? 
  if push comes to shove , issueing temporary visas . 
  but i am pretty sure we wo n't really need to resort to that . 
  we * do * have a plan b , which would solve our problem , shifting the burden on the rest of the eu , but that does n't seem the kind of solution we are striving to achieve . 
  and rightly so . 
  you are right , because italy is actually in geographical proximity to siria and the italians are absolutely a driving force in the syrian conflict . 
  i know it might seem insane to you , but there are international treaties in place for stuff like that and you actually ca n't shred them at the first hint of any sort of trouble , well provided you are not north korea or some fancy country like that . 
  we are not looking for a way to weasel out of our obligations ( and rescuing someone who might drown is just that ) , we were looking for a way to shoulder the burden togheter and try to work a solution out togheter . 
  we were wrong , seems like someone is n't interested , never mind then . 
  you are right . 
  in the same way that joining the russian sanctions program is not any country 's duty , it 's just europe trying to show a unified position on foreign policy . 
  it 's really a pity that it seems to work only when some members of the eu stand to gain some advantages from it . 
   time for europe to become a fortress oh for fucks sake , / r/europe !, 
  is really this what we want to become ? 
  do we really want to subscribe to this deluded rhetoric , reeking of populism and xenophobia ? 
  today more than ever i feel perfectly in line with the reaction of the italian premier to today 's meeting . 
  if this is the idea of europe you plan to build , quite frankly you can keep it . 
  we do n't need it , we do n't want it and we 'd rather go ahead on our own . 
   a lot of people in sweden want more african immigrants . 
  is this really true ? 
  can i see a source on this ? 
  and , to be clear , being against dumping a bunch of migrants in the middle of the mediterranean sea , and if favour of providing housing is actually different from wishing there were more migrants to house . 
   libya ? 
  nope , more like the echr . 
  and that 's not something you can easily ignore or change . 
   nato members had to decide whether to let the libyan civil war simmer while ignoring all appeals for help , or help finish the civil war and stabilize libya by establishing a democratically elected government . 
  given the choice , the latter was clearly the best option . 
  given the current state of affairs in lybia , i could have sworn we had picked the former . 
   the only part of the plan that failed was how libyans failed to stabilize and establish a democratic government . 
  which , unfortunately , was pretty much the * whole * plan . 
   often efforts to deport them is met with fierce resistance from the eu and ngos for some reason . 
  i 'd say that the resistance is provided more by the migrants themselves and their home countries , which are generally more than happy to avoid the process of having them sent back , than by the various ngos , which still play a part though , or even the eu . 
  actually the lack of reference to organized crime ( in the area , that being camorra ) in italian media might partly excused by the fact that is something perceived as obvious . 
  anyone and their dog knows that behind the illegal waste disposal going on in campania there is the organized crime . 
  highlighting it as this point is pretty much just stating the obvious . 
  theoretically ? 
  yes . 
  practically ? 
  it really depends . 
  take the case of the syrian conflict as an example , there 's people who have been displaced for years now , and will probably be for many years to come . 
  would you expect someone who has lived the last decade in a foreign country , starting to make it his home , to just pack everything and go back because now his home country is supposed to be `` safe '' again ? 
  being in his shoes , would you ? 
  and we should delist them . 
  but amongst the link highlighted in the op there 's one from the website of the corriere della sera ( on of the most reputable italian newspapers ) reporting the words of the italian pm and on from the bbc . 
  are them propaganda too ? 
  it surely is . 
  yet does n't make it less than an issue . 
   that means over half should be sent back after they have exhausted all their appeals , and provided that their home country accepts them back . 
  a process which usually takes years and it 's incredibly burdensome on the legal systems of the countries that end up processing their claims . 
  in the mean time every plea to the eu pretty much falls on deaf ears . 
  so yes , it 's a problem and one that should be solved together by the whole union at that . 
   do n't try to sell the story as if italy did n't want to help the revolution actually nor italy nor eni had anything to gain from the revolution and were against a military intervention . 
  it 's no mistery that we were pretty cosy with gaddafi . 
  obviously , when presented with the the done deal , italy had to fall in line with the rest on the eu , being a democratic western country which despises dictators and human rights violations and all . 
  and , to be clear , i am not blaming france for the lybian clusterfuck more than i blame my own government . 
  obviously not from a moral point of view , but it really seemed a better solution from the logistical and practical prospective , at least from where the italian electorate stands.the lybian intervention was and still is widely considered a mistake . 
  actually no , but i see how this rhetoric would suit your goals . 
  fool !, 
  you are going to get us all banned !, 
  yes , pretty much . 
  and we took its backlash . 
  even though i 've never voted for the guy and i utterly despise him i still had to bear his government decisions and the neverending questions from foreigner friends on how was it possibile to pick him as premier . 
  are we talking about nowadays irish ? 
  because it seems to me they 're doing just fine . 
  it seems like there is more to the story , since the man was in italy the days of the attack to the bardo museum ( there is a consistent paper trail proving that he was , beyond any reasonable doubt , in italy on the 16th , attending an italian course , and it seems highly unlikely that he could reach tunisia in less than a day without using commercial flights ) . 
  for fucks sake , we took part in that fiasco . 
  almost each and every eu country was more that happy at the idea of the incoming after-war opportunities . 
   what are they going to do , put two frigates here ? 
  two warships ? 
  in libyan waters ? 
  that 's an invasion . '' i find this comment , from a presumed high-level smuggler with a grad degree in law , quite amusing , since depending on the content of the incoming un resolution , this might actually be what the eu is planning to do . 
   that 's already a lot of people . 
  compared to around 4 million people ( as of april ) it 's really not . 
  mind you , i am * not * saying that any country has to shoulder the blunt of the operation , but a mere 20000 people divided across europe is not * a lot of people * by any stretch . 
  ok , i 'm actually impressed , i 've never heard much about macerata but it seems a nice place and i see how the marche region is starting to cater to a foreign public , traditionally more associated with tuscany and to a lesser extent umbria . 
  we do , the area around florence is actually spotted with pharmaceutical plants , but the mission of the ifm is actually more extensive than simply producing stuff for the army . 
  as an example , there are many rare pathologies for which producing drugs would not be profitable in an open market , the burden is then picked up by the ifm and paid by public money . 
  or suppose you need a lot of a specific drug as soon as possible ( say iodine tablets after a nuclear event like chernobyl ) , you can not go around commandering private companies at every emergency , but the state can , and will , commander the ifm . 
  an article from 3 months ago . 
  it might arguably be considered an act of war under the current international doctrine and mantaining a close blockade would require a considerable logistic effort , for starters . 
   ap sunday 15 february 2015 01:55:05 pm a piece of news from two months ago ? 
  really ? 
  maurizio lupi is n't even the transport minister anymore . 
  edit : nice agenda btw op . 
  you really do not seem like an unhinged stormfronter . 
  really ? 
  something which was discussed at least a couple of times already in the last two days reaches 50 upvotes in less then 3 hours and 3 comments ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it turns out it was the regular libyan coast guard , with an embedded sky-italia news team on board , checking the papers of an italian fishing vessel that was fishing in libyan waters . 
  when the coast guard asked the boat to follow them to misrata port , since they did not have the required papers , the crew beat an unarmed libyan coastguard and took off . 
  you could actually argue that it was indeed an act of piracy from the italian fishing vessel . 
  [ source ] ( http://tg24.sky.it/tg24/cronaca/2015/04/18/peschereccio_italiano_libia_video_esclusivo.html ) ( in italian ), 
  i am not saying that a military intervention was wrong * per se * , hence why i am not particularly blaming the french government for the current situation , just that our actions on the matter were wrong , and that we clearly failed to reach the goal we set . 
  * the * intervention , as it was conducted , was a mistake , not just * any * intervention we could have mustered . 
  yet the intervention , among other international conditions , sparked the current libyan clusterfuck . 
  it turns out you ca n't simply depose a dictator and hope for the best , you either keep supporting the pacification process ( something we spectacularly failed to achieve ) or you might have to act later , even militarily , to fix the situation you contributed to create . 
  we actually should . 
  if not to pacify and reuinite the whole country ( a task which is totally out of the realm of possibilities ) , just to take the main ports and coastal areas , impose a naval blockade and set refugee camps . 
  and before someone highlights it , yes , it probably would be called neocolonialism , even under the un or eu banner .
