  like it or not , italy * is * a country in trouble . 
  and if you are looking forward renzi 's premiership as italy 's revanche i 'm afraid i 've got bad news for you . 
  the next years are going to be harsh for italy and , if the union keeps the current stance , for the eu whole . 
  this does * not * mean that italy is done for . 
  let me add a third one : 3 ) at least on a cursory look , the other side ( ukrainian loyalists ) is supported by a consistent portion of far-right movements , while european antifa are siding with the insurgents . 
  who should we back now ? 
  as a side note , the reference to mussolini actually speaks a lot on your knowledge on the matter . 
  the biggest group inside the pse is the italian one . 
  just saying . 
  ok , that was a nice rant . 
  and while there are some truths in it , pinpointing italy 's current situation on europe alone is pretty narrow sighted . 
  quite the contrary . 
  it seems to me that the pragmatic approach is a common stance on the issue and possibly a joint european task force to patrol the high seas bordering africa . 
  this way we ( as eu ) can turn the boats back when possible and avoid shipwrecks . 
  the other way is to keep the situation as it is , with immigrants trying to reach the northern countries illegally and deads on our shores . 
  just to avoid mentioning the gigantic clusterfuck that the arab spring proved to be , especially in libya . 
  you know that berlusconi stopped being the italian pm more or less three years ago , do n't you ? 
  ( italy had three other pms in the meantime , but that 's another story altogether ) . 
  he is almost 40 , with more than 15 years of experience in politics at high levels , married , has 3 children and is acting as pm of the third/fourth economy in the eu . 
  only in the italian skewed prospective he could be considered a * kid * . 
  it 's probably worth notice that the main effect of this event was to provide more arrows to the widening array of parties calling for a stop or at least reform of * mare nostrum * ( the italian patrolling mission ) . 
  the reasoning behind this is that the mission stimulates migrants ' departures , making the trip easier , and the only objection the italian pm could make is that * mare nostrum * probably saved many lives , which is true but not on the point . 
  as far as i can tell , downscaling the mission is a low-hanging fruit for right and center-right parties and , probably sooner than later , without european support , they will succeed . 
  someone ? 
  yes , probably . 
  a fraction of voters big enough to grant him his former political influence ? 
  quite unlikely . 
  berlusconi still holds a certain appeal towards some senior citizens and part of the small and medium business owners , but that 's about it . 
  more likely than not , if renzi ( the current pm , center-left ) manages to deliver on his promises , berlusconi will be further marginalized in the next turnout . 
  they are apprehended and face criminal charges , * if * they get identified . 
  the issue is that it 's usually not easy , if the migrants do n't cooperate , since the skeleton crew running the boat is often made up of immigrants themselves , who have every reason to lay low among the crowd . 
  let me be clear , i am playing the devil advocate here , but the issue with roma , sinti and what have you , is not linked to a specific religion or ethnicity . 
  it is linked to a particular way of life . 
  and that , albeit maybe preposterously , quickly silences the argument concerning racism . 
  nope , i am saying that berlusconi was right when he said that the fallout of the way we were going to deal with libya would more likely then not fall on italy alone , while the french government , who was notably in favor of a military actions would have never to face any kind of repercussion . 
  yep , they do call for help , and that 's why the italian vessels keep patrolling the high seas between lampedusa and libya . 
  you can not actually let them drown without batting an eye . 
  as cynical as it may sound , italy today is paying the bill of the arab spring and sarkozy 's air raids on libya ( during qaddafi 's regime incoming migrants were considerably less , albeit that might have been caused by all sorts of shady business from the former libyan establishment ) . 
  and , quite surprsingly , time proved berlusconi right . 
  italian vessels are already cruising pretty close to the lybian coasts , they could already be sending the boats back . 
  they are not doing it for a couple of reasons : first , if you start sending them back there is the chance of a shipwreck , since more often than not the boats immigrants use are not in sailing condition . 
  second , they simply wo n't turn back willingly and , short of starting to shoot , there are not many ways to make them . 
  there are already been a couple of instances of a collisions between italian vessels and immigrant boats when the italians used to force them to turn back . 
  the issue is that , as the article states , a majority of these immigrant are not going to stay in italy . 
  they want to reach sweden , france , germany , switzerland and what have you . 
  so they just leave italian identification and living facilities as soon as possible . 
  this is why the issue concerns the other european countries and the eu too . 
  there is a constant flux of unacknowledged illegal immigrants , and it seems like no one even cares . 
  all this without considering humanitarian reasons . 
  the burden of saving these people from drowning right now falls entirely on the italian government , which started to take some flak for it before the european elections . 
  renzi 's pd victory froze the complaints , but it 's just a matter of time before the other parties forming the government coalition start to press the matter again . 
  in the long run , mare nostrum is simply unsustainable and will have to withstand budget cuts , which would very well mean people dieing again . 
   wasp white anglo-saxon protestant, 
  you are telling me you do n't even know the general geography of your own country ? 
  yes , it is . 
  the comment references a remark by grillo , the leader of movimento 5 stelle , who , during a speech in sienna , a well known pd stronghold , called the partito democratico * red pox * ( * peste rossa * in italian ) . 
  this caused a bit of an uproar , since , willingly or not , presents a stricking similarity with a ss anthem , calling communism * die rote peste * , and grillo has been accused of fascist sympathies more than once ( less then a couple of weeks ago he anwsered to a direct question about it saying that he is * beyond hitler * ) . 
  we probably should not push our luck now . 
   i do n't think that is different in other parts of italy it 's not prevalent , but there are people getting a glass of wine as drink of choice in social events ( e.g. 
  pubs/havign a drink ) . 
  a glass of chianti , brunello or bianco di pitigliano runs around 4/5 euros here ( here being florence ) , comparable to a beer . 
  to the ludicrously widespread point suggested by / u/tk3c ? 
  no , we are not . 
  i am pretty much stating it . 
  if you suggest otherwise you are warmly asked to substantiate you claim . 
  you know , that your post is a complete cliche abruptly taken from the godfather , right ? 
  it only lacks a plate of spaghetti with meatballs and a black-haired cook with a nice pair of mustaches to be complete . 
   if you want them , you should fund them , perform them on private property and pay for your own protection yep . 
  not what the italian constitution says about it . 
  so , you are saying that since same sex couples do not enjoy such rights in italy ( and they do n't ) a parade is warranted ? 
  or your point is simply moot ? 
   why celebrate and honor sexual orientation ? 
  the short and messy answer is `` because they can '' . 
  it 's well within their constitutional rights to held a public rally , given a certain time-frame notification to the involved public offices . 
  there 's no public funding involved . 
   again , where are all the straightfests ? 
  you are free to organize one at your earliest convenience . 
   a conference of ultra-conservative catholics oh god , you really know nothing of what the rimini meeting is . 
  and i say that as someone with an axe to grind with cl . 
   italy and greece need money channeled for dealing with refugees actually we 'd rather not . 
  what we need is a common european agency tasked to patrol and secure the borders of the schengen area . 
  we 'd prefer to avoid becoming the gateway to enforce a common approach policy on refugees , and we are more than ready and willing to chip in a eu-level agency , both regarding personnel , means and money as long as anyone does its part . 
  do n't get me wrong , any contribution in this situation is more than welcome , but we need to work on a more structural and shared approach , and tasking us ( and greece and spain and the other border countries ) to implement it does n't seem to be right . 
  hold your horses just a second . 
  i 'd hardly draw such a comparison and , looking at the users who posted here , i 'd hardly call them part of the community . 
  a good chunk of the posters sport account with less the three months activity . 
  yes , i am more than willing to give you that . 
  yet , again , all this jazz for a minor mishap like this is completely uncalled for , both our positions , in the current framework of the discussions are pretty much moot . 
  yes , probably . 
  but it 's something he did not . 
  i am more than willing to concede that the removal might have been too harsh , but the submission , as posted was indeed lacking . 
  anyhow all this fanfare is completely unnecessary and pretty much otherwise motivated . 
  yes , i know now what happened ( i 've read another thread on the frontpage with a link to an article ) , point is it 's information i would have had to gather in a different way , either from the comments or from other sources . 
  independently of the faction of my attention i were to dedicate to the matter . 
  i 've seen the video twice . 
  i am actually doing other stuff in the meantime , so that might hinder my attention span , but i still have n't understood what happened , who was fighting who , what were the reasons and so on . 
  yet , the content * might * be interesting , but without some contextual information it is pretty much useless . 
  contextual information which the linked video does not provide at all . 
  i might gather more if i 'd understood german or arab . 
  yet i do n't and i do n't think it should be a requirement to participate in the subreddit discourse .
