lights , crime and philips . 
  did n't they try this in munich ? 
  it was supposed to save money on it but because people did n't know how to use it and compatibility issues , the costs were actually greater . 
  this is some / r/nottheonion shit . 
  only [ this ] ( http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/61zp365vyjl._sl1200_.jpg ) stuff . 
  any other peanut butter is a waste of money and time and inferior in every way . 
  thank you . 
  have n't heard about this . 
  what is the third one ? 
  there is this one , the one in england , but have n't heard of another incident . 
  dutch is indeed a language which is in my mind difficult to speak fast . 
  that is why instead of speaking fast , you leave out 80 % of the words out when you want to get a message across quickly . 
  people who are a little bit into beer will definitely know that the uk is also a pretty big beer country , and they would know that the netherlands has a decent beer culture as well . 
  someone who is into beer is n't going to get a lot out of this article . 
  i want to be surprised by the countries i see in this list . 
  i want to have that moment where i do see a country and have the idea , `` hey , this country does have great beers which do get overlooked a lot '' , or `` i did n't know that this country had such great beer '' . 
  i only get this with lithuania . 
  it does n't really tell me anything new . 
  pretty bad article . 
  i came here to be surprised , and i was surprised in a bad way . 
  most people who are into beer would already know about the netherlands and uk being pretty good in making beer . 
  three of these countries are in the beer belt . 
  this seems to be made for people who only know bad , cheep lagers and nothing else . 
  as someone who genuinely likes beer , this was a really bad read . 
  it 's not just mayo . 
  we also top our fries with peanut sauce , [ curry ] ( http://www.goedbeterbas.nl/wp/pics/hela.jpg ) , joppie sauce , stoofvlees , and some even with mustard . 
  always called it a mierengevecht or ant fight when i was young . 
  i guess we 'll see its first commercial flight in 50 years . 
  nope . 
  but someone guessed correct already . 
  you are correct, 
  nope, 
  a big party is organised . 
  people like it so much , they decide to organize it every year . 
  not that bad . 
  plenty of metal artists have concerts here and there is even a small metal festival once a year in december . 
  cd 's are a bit more difficult to come by , there used to be a metal music store but it either moved or shut down . 
  damn you finland . 
  we beat you in coffee though . 
  you will most likely find that in germany they drink a lot less soda during meal times . 
  during dinner , it is more common to drink beer , wine , or water . 
  germany is pretty big on sparkling water , though they will almost always ask if you want sparkling or still water . 
  hmmm ... maybe bribe them with weed ? 
  blame the german army and curse them for having broom handles instead of guns . 
  well too many beans in chili do cause gas leaks . 
  whatsapp is very popular but most people i know use telegram . 
  there are a couple of people who do not have a smart phone so the default service for group chats would be telegram . 
  look at his user name . 
  he can only think with his dick . 
  australia of course . 
  tanken on the only day in the year with no rain :p, 
  thank you belgium for your awesome beer and food . 
  yes . 
  now you must smoke weed , drink heineken , and fuck prostitutes . 
  nope . 
  this is wrong . 
  last time i heard , 4 out of 5 parents choose to do it out of non-religious reasons . 
  maybe , 
  this sounds oddly familiar . 
  is there a british writer who used this as a plot point in one of his books once ? 
  you forgot the rest of the channels . 
  they seem to be either really bad talk shows/game shows , reruns of 90s and early 2000s american sitcoms , or sports . 
  qi and doctor who . 
  the landscape is flat . 
  the real problem is n't people consuming content which breaks copyright laws . 
  the real problem is that publishers are n't making the content available in a format which coincides with the modern world . 
  the way the publishers are trying to rectify this is the wrong way . 
  rather than punishing those who want to watch their content , they should try and make it cheaper and easier to access . 
  how will this diplomacy work when the enemy does not want to negociate ? 
  how will diplomacy work when there is an invasion ? 
  we need armed forces to defend ourselves . 
  we can not sit by and disarm ourselves believing that the usa will always be our allies . 
  we do not know what the future will behold . 
  i 'd rather have a way to defend ourselves than be helpless against an agressor . 
  if you look at a group like isil , no amount of diplomacy will convince them that they should stop their evil . 
  i think europe needs an army which is stong enough to be able to properly engage in armed conflicts and not be depedant on other countries ' armies . 
  they also need to be strong enough to fight with the current superpowers . 
  nope . 
  the mountains too stronk . 
  that is true . 
  to be able to compete with those regions . 
  europe needs its own army , where the soldiers are taking direct orders from the european government and not the country where they are from . 
  this army needs to be large enough to be a real chalenge to the russian , american , and chinese army . 
  i am offended by the idea that i have to censor myself to not offend anybody . 
  what should be done so that i am not offended ? 
  [ steven fry does it too . 
  ] ( http://theshake.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/offended.jpg ), 
  cod and potatoes is too exiting a dish for most dutch people . 
  too much flavour . 
  :p i prefer mine covered in beer batter , with fries on the side . 
  soldiers do not make or start wars . 
  its politicians . 
  so you would rather have an ethnic minority repressed in their own country ? 
  i thought that the netherlands took the cake when it came to darkest country in terms of sunlight hours . 
  most hours of the sun being behind a cloud . 
  hmmm . 
  no hole digging in beaches . 
  do n't think this is accurate . 
   the protection of minorities is an important part of democracy , as are inviolable rights like babies :d, 
  the absolute largest negative is consent .
