  between 1950 and 1980 the us government had a deficit basically every year , as you can see from the rising debt . 
  yet their debt to gdp ( the important figure ) decreased almost every year . 
  governments do n't tend to pay off their debts ever unless they 're in a very severe financial position like that of greece and also have no monetary control . 
  to my recollection , there is no country since ww2 that has gone bankrupt that was in full control ( free floating , independent ) of their currency . 
  germany does n't ever need to repay its debts under current circumstances . 
  they could just keep it forever , inflation will reduce it at some point most likely ( if inflation  bond rates i.e. 
  the interest rate on german government bonds , then german debt is decreasing in value ) , and gdp growth will make it inconsequential . 
  surplus essentially means they 're overtaxing their citizens . 
  they could either lower taxes or put that money into the economy by spending it . 
  either option would increase demand and improve their inflation . 
  by running a surplus they 're doing the opposite by taking currency out of the economy . 
  germany could also spend more , instead of maintaining a government surplus . 
  they could also do a stimulus where they give everyone a set amount of money , say 500 euros . 
  less lazy what ? 
  wow , i knew it was low in japan , but i did n't realise it was quite * that * low !, 
  one wonders what the results would look like if they just polled ukip voters . 
  [ i look at statistics a lot too !, 
  did the same, 
  true , but we also should n't be surprised that nato expansion damages our relations with russia . 
  the uk wo n't be a part of this . 
  but you 're right , i think people are generally against it , especially in the east . 
  then again if you tell them this will stop the flow , it could convince them it 's worth it . 
  after all our population , minus the uk , is still well over 400 million in total , so 500k is not really many people . 
  i mean over the last year the uk received 636,000 immigrants alone . 
  if what walkden is saying is correct it sounds like any refugees coming from turkey can be sent back , so yes the boats can be turned back . 
  this would entirely solve the refugee problem coming via the turkish route . 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about that . 
  if they do n't have a majority then they do n't have support of the majority of the population . 
  is this really that strange ? 
  [ her party is polling 35-39 % ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/c67c70c0630dbe9cd3d96446949d6c05.png ) , why should we expect much more than this want to see her remain in office ? 
  if anything 44 % wanting her to carry on seems like quite a win no ? 
  i always find these threads amusing because leaders in my country consistently poll in the negatives or low positives for favourability while merkel still does really well . 
  damn , netherlands , what 's going on ???? 
  i 'm guessing the high percentages in turkey and bosnia are to do with religion ? 
  as in it 's important to keep clean for muslims i think ? 
  it 's wise and it 's not wise at the same time . 
  it 's not wise because as i said it 's a small amount of money , but at the same time benefits is a very politicised issue in the uk and it would be quite a big win politically even if the amount of money is peanuts . 
  it 's also not just about the money , it 's also about reducing incentives to immigrate here . 
  i do n't know how successful it will be in that regard , but that seems to be cameron 's angle . 
  that is to say , he obviously ca n't negotiate freedom of movement ( the biggest issue for voters ) so instead he wants to negotiate this and then say , `` look i 've got this , fewer immigrants will come here now !, 
  contracts can be changed , that 's why we are having this negotiation . 
  eu states do this all the time , we 're not unique in this regard . 
  i 'm not disputing this , i 'm merely arguing the principle because to me to be able to claim such high benefits does n't seem right without first contributing . 
  whether we get the deal or not does n't actually make much difference ( the amount claimed is small anyway ) but the principle is sound none-the-less . 
  well personally i think just making it contributory is preferable , especially as you ca n't claim these benefits when under 25 anyway . 
  doing it this way we do n't even have to ask the eu for permission . 
  i still support his proposal in principle though . 
  yes , because as i said , initially people moving here should have to be able to survive on what they earn here . 
  after they 've contributed for a few years they should be able to then claim as they 've already put into the system . 
  i mean the amount they can claim is similar to some basic income , it 's ridiculous that anyone coming here should receive such large funds . 
  whether they come here for benefits or not is immaterial , do you think it 's fair they should be able to claim such funds from the uk government ? 
  my opinion at least is that they should have to contribute before claiming . 
  that 's ... much more sensible than the title would suggest . 
  some mod should put a misleading flair on that if they have n't already . 
  if someone comes to your country to work , do you think it 's unreasonable to expect them to survive on what they 're being paid ? 
  with the way the benefits system works in the uk in work cash benefits can far exceed your income . 
  someone could be being paid # 5k but claim back # 20k from the state in benefits . 
  do you think we should be supporting foreign nationals in this way ? 
  he has to get this due to how our benefits system works . 
  it 's almost all non contribution based . 
  people can claim double , triple their income in benefits without contributing almost anything . 
   fsa  secular what . 
  for those that do n't know al-nusra are an al-qaeda affiliate in syria . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate this report is , there 's a lot of propaganda involved in this war , however it would n't surprise me that much . 
  the munitions russia are using are n't guided for the most part which means lower accuracy and higher chance for civilian collateral damage . 
  think he means party lists ? 
  so you vote for a group of representatives chosen by the party instead of individual members . 
  it 's that kinda thinking that creates dictators that gas minorities :-\\, 
  yes , their personnel numbers are n't small , but they do n't have the effective equipment and logistics to support such a force overseas . 
  true about funding , but equipment is still paid for in nominal terms if it foreign produced as a lot of the equipment is . 
  to be honest , this 2 % gets brought up whenever military is spoken about . 
  it is totally meaningless , estonia also spends 2 % of their gdp on their military , but because their economy is tiny it is not much money at all . 
  the same can be said for poland as well . 
  even in purely ppp terms italy , germany , france and the uk spend massively more than poland does . 
  western countries can and do ignore the un . 
  if you 're relying on the un to back everything you 're essentially handing over your foreign policy to russia and china . 
  germany spends the 3rd most in the eu on defense and 9th in the world . 
  their military is far from being bad . 
  poland has a tiny military , much lower funding than western nations . 
  it depends , it seems spain are just respecting the view of the people of spain in not allowing referendums . 
  your suggestion is that the view of catalonia should supersede that of everyone else . 
  i do n't know if they 're supporting isis , but there are a lot of reports of them helping other [ fanatic islamist factions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/army_of_conquest ) which are almost as bad ( they behead people in the streets and want to form an islamic state in syria ) . 
  they do n't like the idea of the kurds gaining ground in syria essentially , so they bomb them as well as fund other islamist groups . 
  what i would say , is even if they 're not funding isis , they do n't have control over their southern border , which is allowing isis to transport goods via jarabulus into syria . 
  if kurdish forces took control of this land between afrin and kobani then isis would no longer be able to resupply raqqah from turkey ( the kurds would n't let them ) . 
  but erdogan does n't want to allow the kurds to take this land , hence the bombing and threats to stop them advancing . 
  the turkish position is that if the kurds are allowed to expand along the entire syrian-turkey border it would allow pkk fighters in turkey to easily cross into syria and be protected from turkish forces . 
  this is not an unreasonable position in and of itself , as in they are probably not wrong in this assessment , although it is made unreasonable by the fact that in doing this they are allowing isis to maintain their position in northern syria . 
  then again , as the other poster pointed out , from a turkish perspective they see the pkk as more of an issue than isis . 
  this is just not the position of anyone else , who see isis as the ultimate evil . 
  germany is n't supporting the pkk . 
  too true . 
  will you do some data analysis on posts per nationality and posts per user per nationality ? 
  that would be really interesting to see . 
  i know more about eu states than i do about counties to be honest . 
  me neither . 
  perhaps keef is royalty or something ? 
  they 're supporting army of conquest , which include ( d possibly ) al-nusra , an al-qaeda affiliate , among other radical islamist groups . 
  so even if you ca n't find direct evidence of isis support there is lots of evidence of them supporting groups almost as bad . 
  when countries release statements like this it is for political purposes .
