  i would n't be against deporting those that have had their claims rejected only those with accepted claims or those still in process . 
  these cases are n't black & white though , a higher court may disagree & decide deportation would potentially mean they risk being harmed . 
  i 'd tend to trust the courts to make the right decision , if they risk being harmed they should n't be deported . 
  most of the posts hardly promote discussion to be fair , which i agree entirely with the op on . 
  when you have 20 topics on the same issue discussion is bound to go out the window . 
  agree heavily on the topic of downvotes it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't know about other countries but local news here is n't like this though , it 's only european news aggregates . 
  take the guardian for instance or the telegraph . 
  both of them just have one article on the refugee crisis on their homepage , the rest is about other things . 
  what are they doing with the people that are sentenced ? 
  i was reading that serbia did n't want to accept them back so what is hungary doing with them ? 
   a women started to give birth during the clash . 
  holy shit . 
  i agree but not in cases of asylum , people should n't be sent back to places where they may suffer persecution . 
  the courts are doing the right thing protecting those people regardless of what they 've done . 
  i 'd like to think these people are in the minority . 
  like with any protest there are always those that want to cause problems . 
  i would still have sympathy for these people even if i do n't believe they should be allowed to cross into hungary . 
  it must be a horrible thing to lose your home & your country as many of these people have done . 
  that kinda makes sense to me , just because we do n't like what they say does n't mean it should be within our rights to deport them somewhere they may face persecution . 
  lock them up if they 're doing something wrong but there should n't be any instance when we can deport people in this way . 
  [ world war z. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puhkckhd6mg ) i think it 's the music & the fact all the cars are just stopped in the middle of the motorway . 
  very eerie feeling . 
  russia should n't lose their unsc veto , that makes the entire thing redundant . 
  the unsc is n't there just to be a western circlejerk it 's there to make sure the major world powers can agree on the best course of action for all those involved & avoid costly conflicts . 
  to give an example with regards to current events . 
  imagine that russia & china were n't in the unsc , they ( the west ) get a resolution to go after assad in syria but russia decides to send in troops & equipment to help assad . 
  you 've now got a proxy war in syria that would be far more damaging than if the western powers had approached the unsc including russia & china to look into an agreement they can all live with . 
  the unsc promotes dialogue , the west could still invade syria if they so desired but dialogue helps to prevent that from happening without agreement from the major powers in the region . 
  indeed , there 's an area in france known as zone rouge with parts the size of paris that people still ca n't live in due to the munitions dropped there in ww1 . 
  bomb disposal is no easy business . 
  most is non farming structural funds ( around 2/3rds ) . 
  it 's not well known but i personally would support more studies on the idea . 
  i think we are inevitably heading towards some sort of basic income in 20-30 years . 
  i doubt it . 
  they will take the funds required to house them in western europe where they are currently , this is much more expensive than housing them in eastern europe . 
  it will be many billions of euros i would think . 
  if they 're placed in poland & decide to come to the uk they wo n't get any benefits at all either & wo n't be able to work legally . 
  they 're better off staying in poland under those conditions no ? 
  of course the situation is different once they get citizenship but that takes quite a while ( 5-10 years ) . 
  in 2013 poland received net 13 billion euros in funding from the eu , that 's around 3 % of polish gdp . 
  they can most definitely make things very painful for poland if they wanted to . 
  but it 's silly to think this will make poland leave the eu , or that all of these funds will be withdrawn . 
  at most they will use some eu budget money to fund care for refugees i would think , this will have the result of lowering the amount net receiver states ( like poland ) get . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but without welfare these people would be pretty fucked . 
  they can just say you only get welfare in the state you 're assigned . 
  they could also make sure these people can not work in other countries too could they not ? 
  in the uk you need a national insurance number to get employment legally , surely other countries have something similar ? 
  from a moderating perspective is there anything you can do to combat massive amounts of downvotes on comments ? 
  i have n't seen any other subreddits combat the problem so i would assume not . 
  you 're right , and that 's one of the big problems with this subreddit & reddit at large . 
  if people stopped going on a downvote frenzy & instead engaged with these people we might actually get some good discussion that is n't * entirely one sided . 
  * as it stands if i find myself being downvoted to hell i tend to just stop commenting on the thread & that topic in general . 
  this tends to lead to very one sided discussion & circlejerking . 
  there are places like that in all countries , i would n't go walking around many white british estates at night either !, 
  it gives me a new appreciation for conservatives ( as in those that do n't like change , not so much the party ) put it that way . 
  but i try not to think about it really as it 's at least a year away i would think . 
  best not to worry about these things before we have to . 
  the only positive side i can see is it may destroy the conservative party ( that may happen either way actually due to their small majority & lack of party discipline ) if the economic consequences are bad , as well as ukip at the same time . 
  but that would mean bad economic consequences so it 's hardly something i want to happen . 
  but yea , essentially from my point of view there are literally zero positives to leaving . 
  you could go on with your current deficit for a pretty long time ( decades ) before coming into problems . 
  it 's really not a problem in the short term , far more the issue is stagnant growth which government cuts are going to make worse . 
  if the rich people really cared that much about taxes surely they would have already moved ? 
  it 's not as if finland is the cheapest place in the world ... 
  i 'm not sure that argument really applies to the nordic countries . 
  wow, 
  got ta admit , i 'm pretty jelly . 
  no but he 'll have to be careful with his bargaining in brussels . 
  if he bargains away too many of the social protections ( working time directive for instance ) corbyn may campaign to leave . 
  he 's got to keep corbyn on side as far as the eu referendum is concerned & corbyn is moderately eurosceptic . 
  similar to the nordic investment bank for anyone wondering . 
  the open door immigration point is also bollocks . 
  the tax increases are a raise on the top rate to 50 % , as it was before , plus an increase to ni up to i believe 7 or 9 % so still less than what most people pay & still less than the top rate in quite a few european countries . 
  getting my popcorn , the next few weeks are going to be * interesting * to say the least . 
  the stats someone linked in the other thread were something ridiculous like a 50 % deficit on receipts . 
  that is you get back half of what you put in . 
  if the deficit was more like 80 % do you think people would be more understanding ? 
  in the uk some regions ( greater london / south east ) lose around 15-20 % of their revenue while other regions gain up to 160 % of their revenue ( northern ireland ) . 
  even after these revenue changes however spending per capita is still higher in london than all other regions bar northern ireland ( which is more rural & thus would expect higher spending ) . 
  how is per capita government spending in spain distributed , do you have any figures for this ? 
  it would make sense that the government tries to keep the different regions similarly budgeted . 
  just rough numbers but by the looks of it prior to the megathreads closing users of far right subreddits were accountable for around 15 % of submissions / comments ( 600/4000 ) . 
  after the megathreads stopped that increased to around 17-20 % . 
  they 're around 10-12 % of the user base , so their activity is higher than regular users . 
  this is n't surprising , someone that goes around subscribing to non defaults is bound to be more active . 
  edit : more accurate numbers , during megathreads between 4th & 17th august they ( far right users ) were accountable for 13.7 % of submissions / comments . 
  after the megathreads 19th till end of data they were accountable for 17.3 % of submissions . 
  the far right user base ( active users ) is on average 11.2 % of the user base in total . 
  so make of that what you will , the far right user base is increasing though , it 's share of total users increased by 21 % ( 9.5 % to 11.5 % ) over this period ( 4/8-11 / 9 taking averages of first 5 & last 5 to calculate change ) & increased in absolute numbers by 97 % . 
  thanks !, 
  cheers !, 
  how about the same data for the general user base . 
  you 'll probably reach the character limit so just go from say september onwards . 
  btw could you by chance link the hourly data for the far right overlap too for perhaps a 5 day period . 
  it looks pretty lasting going by the data you just presented . 
  it would have been interesting to see the posting frequency before the megathreads & whether there were any large arrivals in the past months . 
  ok well i think this confirms the effect the megathreads had at least . 
  the last megathread on immigration was on the 16th & shortly thereafter the number of posts / comments massively increased .
