  the eurozone debt crisis , and current feeble growth are in large part caused by having a single currency without fiscal transfers and more political integration . 
   this is not the eu being bad , its the nations being too unwilling to create an ever closer union . 
  true , as with the above point , the issue is countries doing things half heartedly . 
   the eu is very well recovering from the 08 crisis , with unemployment falling and economies rising , spain , greece and italy were their own doing . 
  it 's been 8 years , the recovery is awful . 
  by the time the eurozone is back to decent growth it will probably go back into recession again . 
   rampart expansion ? 
  there are requirements , once these are covered why waste time ? 
  you get another country to have free trade with , everybody wins . 
  i believe he 's talking about the eurozone , where expansion was a terrible mistake . 
   i dont know what democratic deficit you are talking about , as all but one of the eu institutions are directly electable and the commission is elected by the parliament ( which is directly electable , and it kinda makes sense for them to elect the commission since this way you combine democracy and a merit based appointment ) he 's referring to the treaties and how everything is still so linked to the member states . 
  imagine if you had a constitution that made abortion illegal , and to change it every single member of parliament had to agree . 
  that 's the issue with the eu . 
  this of course links back to points 1 & 2 . 
  even if most countries , most of the european population want to change something , a few thousand people living in luxembourg can veto it . 
  immigration improves economic growth , wages , dependency ratios and reduces net debt . 
  these all help us provide a good future for our children . 
  giving in to false far right rhetoric most certainly does not . 
  a different take on the immigration debate at the moment . 
  to summarize from the report : `` in foreign aid , there is an international goal for rich countries to spend 0.7 percent of gni on `` official development assistance '' . 
  sweden has a self-imposed target of one percent . 
  this target is often criticised for its symbolism and for measuring effort rather than results , and that it creates a disbursement pressure ensuring that money is spent on projects or other things that are not well designed and therefore do not produce results . 
  a volume target for migration from poor to rich countries would not suffer the same problem . 
  we also know that an increase in such migration would have a positive impact on human development at the global level . 
  therefore i propose that we set a goal of increasing migration from poor to rich countries . 
  it would be a great achievement to get into such a goal in the post-2015 process , i.e. , the work to carve out the successors to the un millennium development goals . 
  a cautious person may pursue the aim of three percent . 
  that is to say that rich countries , within a decade , should increase their immigration from poor countries by the equivalent of three percent of the current workforce , which represents 14 million people . 
  according to a study by the world bank , this would provide a global welfare gain of 308 billion dollars , of which 257 billion would accrue to poor people . 
  someone more radical may pursue the aim of 100 percent , meaning that the current rich countries should redouble their immigrant stock with people from poor countries . 
  it would have a very large effect on global human welfare and would be an important contribution to the fight against global poverty . 
  today , nearly eleven percent of the population in rich countries are immigrants , most of them from poor countries . 
  a doubling of that figure would mean 136 million people . 
  this book has been deliberately placed outside the debate about the consequences of migration for recipient countries . 
  the focus is instead on the development aspect . 
  but one option that could increase migration without too much provocation for those who oppose such a movement , is to allow migrants to benefit from the labour markets in rich countries without the benefits of the welfare state . 
  one can also consider granting temporary work permits , without the opportunity to become citizens . 
  although it is ideologically offensive to many , such solutions would also have a major positive impact on the global human development . '', 
  the interest is n't actually negative , it 's only negative after inflation . 
  if the government just sat on the money they would be losing money , they have to use it for something useful . 
  as an example , a bond paying out interest of 1 % per annum would have a negative real yield of 1 % if inflation was 2 % . 
  this is known as a real interest rate . 
  christ , it 's times like these that make me thankful i was born a man . 
  does n't having a c-section create a massive scar ? 
  the problems in japan were n't caused by qe . 
  edit : around 1.2 % . 
  real rates in the uk are n't * that * low , but the expectation is that they 'll be negative over the length of the bond due to historically low inflation currently . 
  yes this was an injustice that went on too long . 
  it 's being equalised in the uk at last thankfully . 
  this is partly why austerity at the moment makes little sense . 
  governments should be using this time to borrow heavily and improve their countries infrastructure , yet they 're forced to cut cut cut instead . 
  this is the cheapest time in a generation to do this , and it 's being totally squandered . 
  as an example , here is the uk the government has committed ourselves to an overall surplus by 2020 . 
  as a result they have cut infrastructure spending from 3.2 % of gdp ( # 54 bn in 2014/15 prices ) in 2010 to 1.7 % ( # 30 bn ) in 2015 . 
  it 's total madness . 
  this is the lowest levels of spending in a decade . 
  they keep yapping on about how important infrastructure spending is , yet what they say and what they do are so completely different . 
  no the main point is immigrants make the situation better in the short term . 
  in the long term demographics do n't matter due to automation . 
  it 's all about the next 30-50 years . 
  in the uk the avg age of death is 82 for men and 86 for women , 70 gives them more than enough time to have a decent retirement . 
  if they want to retire earlier they have to save to do so . 
  not anymore there are n't . 
  people are n't working labour intensive jobs till that age , they get promoted into management way before then even if they start there . 
  the french just mandated the eurostar operator not check documents it seems ( it was literally illegal for them to do so ) . 
  so the only option available to the uk government in this instance would be to shut down the eurostar i guess , which i suspect would be more damaging to us than it would them . 
  no it does n't , many of the current agreements surrounding this [ were n't created until the early 2000s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juxtaposed_controls ) . 
  the uk had huge problems with asylum seekers reaching the uk and claiming asylum prior to making these agreements , and we 'll have the same problem again if france decides to renege on the deal . 
  it would basically give carte blanche for every asylum seeker in the eu wishing to come to the uk to do so , and we 'd be in the same mess they 're in . 
  i would n't be at all surprised if they ended up doing this . 
  as i recall they were reporting today that a french interior minister even suggested as such . 
  just a note , uk violent crime has a very broad definition , that 's why the numbers are so large here . 
  most violent crimes do n't even result in any injury . 
  read more [ here . 
  ] ( http://blog.skepticallibertarian.com/2013/01/12/fact-checking-ben-swann-is-the-uk-really-5-times-more-violent-than-the-us/ ), 
  it 's using the same data as your link . 
  pretty sure they 're both using the same source , just representing the data in different ways . 
  [ data here . 
  ] ( http://www.worldeconomics.com/data/madisonhistoricalgdp/madison%20historical%20gdp%20data.efp ) edit : yep , [ this is the wiki source ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:1_ad_to_2003_ad_historical_trends_in_global_distribution_of_gdp_china_india_western_europe_usa_middle_east.png ) , both using maddison data . 
  do you have a source ? 
  google is failing me . 
  a lot of issues with austerity are hampered further by the zlb . 
  had central banks been able to lower interest rates further a lot of the impact of austerity would have been tempered . 
  governments did n't realise this at the time of course . 
  they also underestimated the damage austerity would do , in some instances being so destructive it was entirely counterproductive . 
  what wikileaks does is great , but this man has completely tarred my perception of the organisation . 
  whenever i hear his name i just think immediately of the man that is hiding in an embassy to escape from answering for crimes potentially committed elsewhere . 
  the media reporting an incident happening every day is not proof of a systemic problem . 
  just because i read every week about benefit cheats in the newspaper does n't mean there is a systemic problem with benefit fraud in the uk for instance . 
  if you claim there is a problem you should have to give rigorous scientific proof that is the case . 
  otherwise our assumptions could be completely false , just like the people in the uk thinking 24 % of benefits is claimed fraudulently are false ( it 's actually 0.7 % ) . 
  so people should just be able to make claims without substantiating them ? 
  perhaps if i wrote a column about the fact the world is flat every week people like you might start believing me . 
  what trends ? 
  do you have a research citation ? 
  media reports or crime reports do n't count . 
  opec oil is exclusively quoted in dollars . 
  iran tried to change this in the past but has been unsuccessful . 
  indeed , the idea that a few cases among a population of millions proves anything is ridiculous . 
  i thought this was a better outcome than using the status quo .
