  uk military equipment is more high tech than that of taiwan too , but it would still be no match in an invasion situation ( apart from nuclear weapons which we would n't use ) . 
  my limited research suggested not since 1979 . 
  the us has n't had any military treaty alliance or military base on taiwan since then . 
  it was actually a likely possibility of china invading hong kong ? 
  why would they invade hong kong , a constituent part of the uk with our protection but leave taiwan untouched , a country with no such protection ? 
  by eu military i 'm referring to eu states obviously . 
  prior to the fall of the soviet union we had thousands of tanks in germany as well as troops ready for a russian invasion . 
  post 1991 troop numbers have been rapidly reduced and tank numbers completely decimated simply because they 're not needed any more . 
  but true , perhaps not the case for * all * eu countries . 
  i 'm sure luxembourg never had much of a defensive capability either :p, 
  that 's why i think we should have kept it . 
  we rightfully defend the sovereignty of places like the falklands and gibraltar but the hong kong citizens do n't get such treatment , they just get left to fend for themselves against the brutal chinese regime . 
  eu military is n't built to defend against a land invasion by russia , it has n't been since the end of the cold war . 
  it 's built for small scale operations mostly outside the home countries borders . 
  they 've been doing this for decades too . 
  this whole modern terrorism issue started due to russian and us involvement in the middle east . 
  it 's these conflicts that lead to the formation of al ` qaeda and other terrorist groups . 
  we leased part for 99 years ( kowloon ) , the island was taken in perpetuity ( it was ours as much as say gibraltar is ) . 
  i still think we should have kept it and given the people a choice in a referendum personally , but perhaps that was infeasible . 
  i doubt china would have invaded though , it would have just harmed relations . 
  blair fucked us on that , he said the poles and others would n't come to britain in large numbers . 
  this is why they did n't put in place transitional controls like most counties did . 
  of course they were ridiculously wrong . 
  now no one can be believed on immigration in the publics eyes . 
  are they dropping mandatory gmo labelling ? 
  this would be a great policy change if so . 
  otherwise gmos are still going to be hard to sell i feel due to higher production costs due to regulatory overhead . 
  they do n't support it i believe . 
  it 's alright , nothing comes close to the union jack though . 
  at least it 's not similar to any other flags to my knowledge , and i like the simplicity . 
  haha wow this is bad news for brexiters . 
  the eurozone is now growing faster than both the uk and the us . 
  of course this is to be expected after years of slow growth but still , the optics are bad . 
  i think he means the tax credits you get if you have children . 
  without children the tax credit payout is n't that large . 
  if you have children the payout can be massive ( wtc is larger , ctc plus the child care supplement ) . 
  i do n't think they generally get poorer , they just do n't get much richer depending on how much they 're claiming in benefits . 
  there 's a point at which they get essentially nothing from working due to tax credit and housing benefit withdrawal ( i think they keep around 11p of every pound or something ) . 
  uc reforms would have been decent but the budget has been cut a lot and it does n't really do what it set out to do anymore ( make work pay ) . 
  you do indeed , but the option is there nonetheless . 
  not saying it happens often , but the fact it can happen at all is what annoys people . 
  edit : i should point out this is the main reason the government brought in the benefit caps to begin with . 
  it 's to stop stories in the express about people living in `` mansions '' at the taxpayers expense . 
  it not really about saving a great deal of money . 
  it 's politics and about perceptions of fairness . 
  really ? 
  that 's strange . 
  i know they ca n't come here and claim jsa before finding work , but it would be weird not to be able to claim housing benefit and jsa after being here a while ( year or so ) . 
  i 'm mostly talking about in-work benefits here though which is the main contention in the uk at the moment . 
  for those people housing benefit can be a massive amount of money . 
   first , the uk has a bunch of in-work benefits . 
  which honestly are n't that great and the only noticeable one are child benefit . 
  housing benefit is a massive expense too although i do n't know if eu citizens can claim that . 
  one would presume so although the new deal might change circumstances . 
  the benefit cap on that is like # 12k per year . 
  note that they 're partial in the sense that you could get both of them without contributing , although it would be highly unlikely in the case of the former , and the payout would be lower without contributions . 
  that would n't be the case . 
  if it was nuclear there would be many deaths but still a disproportionate amount near the front , which would be in eastern europe . 
  the idea of a direct war with russia is ridiculous though . 
  something the us has to get to grips with is that we see defence differently to them . 
  it 's less important to be bombing sand people and more important to spend money on social programmes . 
  saying that the eu ca n't be constantly expecting america to solve our problems either . 
  eastern europe is afraid of them too while the west want to trade with them and improve relations . 
  we have a bit of a disagreement on policy in europe to say the least . 
  to be honest it seems madness to admit any more states to the eurozone both from the perspective of those outside and those stuck inside . 
  it 's not good for anyone . 
  i knew we should have stuck with the european language esperanto !, 
  it 's a joke . 
  the uk press always does this , if it 's not the eu 's fault it is merkel 's , who is almost synonymous with the eu these days ... 
  it 's the default status that is the main cause . 
  all default subs go to shit eventually without massive draconian moderation ( that people do n't want ) . 
  put that on the ballot and it would be a landslide for remain i guarantee you . 
  yougov recently had a poll that asked people to forgo just # 100 and the swing was somewhere between 5-10 % as i recall ( so from 50/50 to 45/55 ), 
  [ it 's here , it does n't seem to be behind a paywall for me . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c72960f0-088c-11e6-a623-b84d06a39ec2.html ) if that does n't work use [ this . 
  ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c72960f0-088c-11e6-a623-b84d06a39ec2.html ), 
  i think you 'll probably be right , at least that seems to be the case right now . 
  if the north wants to unify i doubt the uk government would have issue with it . 
  like obviously they would n't support the idea , but like with scotland if that 's what they want that 's what they want . 
  `` dae think merkel is evil for inviting refugees ? '', 
  but a better deal than the alternative . 
  if we were just dealing with germany i 'm sure we could get an ok deal , unfortunately we 're not , we have to deal with everyone , which puts us in quite a weak position . 
  the op is just using numbeo , send critiques their way . 
   it 's probably going to be very expensive . 
  i would guess about as expensive as off-shore wind power . 
  in this economy with generous renewable subsidies it makes sense to introduce expensive product . 
  i sincerely doubt it 's anywhere close to off-shore wind , which has had its cost reduced massively in recent years and is far cheaper than tidal for instance . 
  also why does it make sense to introduce expensive renewables in this economy ? 
  fisheries i believe . 
  do n't think the eu has much to do with oil production . 
  the eea specifically has a common fisheries and agricultural exemption . 
  almost every / r/europe poster : any user not promoting far right rhetoric is leftist . 
  shit is ridiculous , most european parties you guys whine about are freaking centre right . 
  well they had a good head start , being british and all . 
  yes , but revenue was much lower back then . 
  i think going back to the 19th century there was n't even any income tax , all revenue just came from tariffs and consumption taxes . 
  the source in the image has data on this . 
  so the ifs is doing a series on the eu , what we pay in , what we get back . 
  this report suggests our contribution ( and others ) is actually much smaller than it seems at first . 
  figured some may find it interesting .
