  the germans prefer diplomacy over brute force , at least that 's always been my take on the situation . 
  it 's definitely been their preferred strategy with russia and iran . 
  perhaps because they rely on those countries far more on trade than america does . 
  i agree with you but they should have to put ingredients and nutritional information on alcohol , which they do n't currently . 
  people should be made aware of what they 're consuming . 
  more profitable to sell in some countries compared to others . 
  is it questioned by the immigrants themselves and the people in britain that dislike foreigners ? 
  somehow i doubt it , like the example the op gave . 
  this is just what i remember but i think tesla in general is the largest seller of purely evs while the other major manufacturers sell hybrids and those numbers are vastly vastly higher . 
  evs are n't that profitable at the moment is the problem , tesla loses a lot of money right now for instance . 
  they 'll switch over when the market is bigger . 
  no economic models have said most of these things . 
  for instance they said house prices would grow slower but they would still grow , there would be less new jobs but the number will still grow . 
  it 's true remain have been suggesting these are falls with weasel words but it 's not the case . 
  you need to be careful to be accurate here with what people are actually saying . 
  i do n't see how having a sharia court system changes anything in this regard though ? 
  her parents can still get her to have a fake marriage in some underground system if there were no sharia courts , all they do is put in place a framework the state can work to control . 
  sharia courts prevent children from refusing to wear the hijab or marry someone ( in a legally binding way ) ? 
  can you give examples that are actually real ? 
  sorry but this is nonsense . 
  deutsche bank was exposed to 400 million euros in the case of a greek default . 
  it 's not as if this money would never be paid either . 
  note that this is 0 % of their total assets and 1 % of their total equity . 
  the biggest banks exposed to the greek crisis were the greek agricultural bank ( 10 bn , n/a equity 31 % assets ) , hellenic postbank ( 5 bn , 590 % of equity ) , piraeus ( 8.7 bn , 248 % equity ) , nbg ( 19.4 bn , 218 % equity ) . 
  these are all greek banks , the largest non greek bank exposure was to bank of cyprus ( 2 bn , 73 % of equity ) and dexia ( 3.5 bn , 39 % of equity ) . 
  it really is nonsense to suggest that germany had a large exposure to this in terms of risk . 
  yes the absolute value was high ( 3rd highest in europe ) but in terms of risk it was very low because these banks are massive . 
  the reason the bailout was imposed was to control the interest rate that greek is paying on their loans and keep them inside the eurozone . 
  if the default that does not mean they get to just forget about their debts , they have to pay them either way , but this way it will cost less . 
  [ see the full figures here . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ), 
  ireland is still part of the uk did you not know ? 
  as long as you have decent bankruptcy laws , which the us does . 
  it 's not just about cost , in a larger company they can more easily keep the job open , they can also more easily bring in someone else that can do the job . 
  in a smaller company they will have to train someone new , they also probably wo n't be able to get rid of the guy they just hired when the person on maternity ( who 's job they had to leave open ) wants to come back . 
  whereas in the larger company they 're always hiring new staff so it 's not an issue . 
  so in that sense it 's also about efficiency . 
  labour laws are more detrimental to smaller employers because they ca n't as easily absorb the cost . 
  i do n't know the specifics in france but let 's say the state tells you that if someone has a child you need to pay them 1 year maternity and keep their job open for 4 years . 
  that 's going to be way easier to deal with in a company with thousands of employees rather than one with less than 10 say . 
  bbc articles are always balanced in my experience , they have the story followed by the opposite campaigns response . 
  if the article is not about a specific campaign they have both sides response . 
  i think these buildings are made to be waterproof as it floods relatively often . 
  it 's funny that one of the richest regions in the world thinks they ca n't pay to house a few refugees . 
  instead they expect the poorest regions of the world to house them instead . 
  cut it from hungarian structural funds . 
  we just learnt they stole $ 1 billion from their own people , they obviously can not be trusted with this money ... 
  that 's because the government assumed other countries would n't impose transitional controls . 
  but they did and hence they all came to britain instead . 
  the next time there was an expansion they did impose controls ( 2007 ) which meant we did n't have the same issue . 
  indeed , it 's almost as if these people do n't realise europe has a large ocean around it . 
  or they do and they 're suggesting we sink the boats as you say , which i hope i do n't need to explain is a ridiculous idea . 
  he was elected on a list vote , it 's not quite the same . 
  i see what you mean , still bizarre people would even elect them lol . 
  i suppose perhaps they do n't even know . 
  we do n't have any convicted criminals at the top of politics ? 
  at least to my knowledge . 
  only two western european countries i can think of where that happens is france and italy . 
   he 's soon-to-be a convicted felon . 
  what is it with france and corrupt politicians ? 
  jupp\u00e9 was convicted of corruption as well and now he 's right back in politics and will probably be the next president of france . 
  [ sad times for portugal . 
  people talk about corruption in turkey and how we should n't let them in the eu , but yet this guy orban and his cronies are doing bullshit like this ? 
  where are the consequences ? 
  hungary receives a ridiculous amount from the eu ( 6.5 bn eur in 2014 , 5.5 bn net ) , something needs to be done about this . 
  indeed , the president has a larger mandate than the regular parties too . 
  fpo is never going to get 50 % of the vote in the parliamentary elections . 
  no they could n't , 10,000 were arriving per day , the system was overwhelmed . 
  if you wanted to control the flow you 'd need walls around all border countries that have a coast , i.e. 
  primarily italy and greece . 
  this would leave massive numbers in those countries and everyone would be saying `` oh , you have an issue with refugees ? 
  not my problem sorry mate '' . 
  [ nigerian fertility has been dropping for ages and is predicted to continue to do so . 
  there is ron paul , who ran for president in 2012 or 2008 i forget which , then there is rand paul who ran for president this series , neither of them were ever speaker . 
  paul ryan is the speaker and is unrelated to either of them . 
  the previous speaker was i believe john boehner . 
  you 're right that both rand paul and ron paul are american libertarian though , but neither of them are establishment politicians , they 're outside the republican norm . 
  you 're getting your politicians confused . 
  paul ryan is the current speaker and is a hardline conservative tea partier . 
  the refugee crisis is already essentially over , the numbers coming in are tiny now . 
  the numbers arriving on the greek islands in april was just 2,700 ... 
  this is a 90 % reduction on the previous month . 
  now europe still has to deal with the refugees already here , but in terms of new people not really . 
  [ the refugee crisis is already over is it not ? 
  ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/pressroom/news/number-of-migrants-arriving-in-greece-dropped-90-in-april-4weoiq ) '' ** the number of migrants arriving on the greek islands in april plunged by 90 % compared to the previous month , reaching fewer than 2 700 . 
  ** the drop is a result of several factors , including the eu-turkey agreement and stricter border policies applied by the former yugoslav republic of macedonia at its border with greece . 
  due to the significant drop in arrivals on the aegean islands in april , the number of migrants reaching italy exceeded the totals for greece for the first time since june 2015 . 
  the reversal occurred despite the fact that 8 370 migrants detected on the central mediterranean route represented a ** 13 % fall from march and a nearly 50 % drop compared to the same month of 2015 . 
  ** nationals of eritrea , ** egypt and nigeria ** accounted for the largest share of migrants on this route , with no new signs of a significant shift of migrants from the eastern mediterranean route . '', 
  i bold the latter two countries because nationals coming from here are mostly economic and can be deported . 
  christ , this is so reddit in a nutshell at the moment . 
  too close . 
  hopefully people take notice . 
  establishment politicians should n't let it go this far , most people are n't that right wing , they just do n't like being ignored . 
  the two largest parties in the parliament are in coalition iirc . 
  this means things are made by consensus with little opposition . 
  note by consensus i do n't mean everyone agrees but like 70 % or so do . 
  the eu does n't really have opposition , decisions are made by consensus both in the parliament and the council . 
  trump does n't need congressional approval to deport 13 million people from the us , he can do it via executive order . 
  you know these potentially crazy things he will do have real impact on people 's lives right ?
