  there may be a lag but uk net migration figures have been large for years and foreigner unemployment rates are barely above domestic citizens ( see eurostat figures , we have i believe the lowest unemployment rate for foreigners in the eu , perhaps barring luxembourg ) . 
  these people are definitely getting jobs there 's no doubt about it . 
  economics is n't zero sum . 
  this is why economists keep pointing out why immigration is so good for our economy , and why the conservatives despite their rhetoric have n't been doing much to reduce it . 
  yet no one seems to be listening unfortunately . 
  as to your question , yes foreigners are included in unemployment statistics . 
  unemployment keeps lowering because by western eu standards we have a much more flexible labour market . 
  there are less barriers to employ people , ie less red tape and minimum costs . 
  this allows companies to expand or downsize easier than elsewhere and helps create jobs . 
  compare us to somewhere like france where they have to set up employer committees and other such bullshit once they reach a certain number of staff for instance . 
  it 's also more difficult to fire people there . 
  employee/company taxes are higher too . 
  efta is n't single market access , that 's eea . 
  efta is just a free trade agreement . 
  difference between eea and eu is that eea is n't full access to single market in all areas ( no fisheries or cap ) , they also do n't have a say on eu single market regulations in the same way as eu members do . 
  an economic union would be one that just concerns itself with the single market regulations , anything else would be optional . 
  examples of optional protocols include schengen and any security policies , employment legislation like the wtd . 
  why does it have to be all or nothing ? 
  eu economic / trade union , ez federal union . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  if all you 're going to do is deal in absolutes it 's not going to go anywhere . 
  i was shocked too when i saw the figures . 
  it 's a lot of money !, 
  [ net transfers in 2014 were 5.21 % of gdp . 
  ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/year.aspx?year=2014&amp;method=gdp ) it gets spent on infrastructure , which is a large component of gdp growth and would be spent by the government if the eu was n't doing so . 
  in that sense it 's a part of the government budget , although not 20 % i think as hungary 's government spending is large . 
  it 's around 9 % i believe . 
  this would just result in ecthr and ecj fines as well as potential suspension of membership . 
  no it could n't be achieved . 
  if it was possible cameron would have asked for it , because this would save us 8-11 billion euros per year ( which is our net contribution after transfer of rebate and structural/cap funds ) . 
  if this was possible all eu creditor nations would do the same and there would be no more eu structural funds for eastern states . 
  for instance hungary received 5.21 % of their gdp from the eu in 2014 . 
  that 's more than twice our entire military budget !, 
  seems eu countries are only interested in cooperating when it suits them . 
  if i was greek i would be asking them to block everything the eu tries to do until an agreement is made and implemented . 
  does n't necessarily have to be a quota but something to stop the flow at least . 
  so leave the eu , and forfeit 20 % of your government budget while you 're at it . 
  i wish the uk could have a referendum on paying our money to the eu budget and still stay in the eu . 
  oh we ca n't , because that 's not how things work in the real world . 
  hungary as i recall gets around 6 % of gdp per annum from the eu . 
  that 's probably around 20 % of their government budget . 
  that 's just under what the uk spends on their health service for comparison and 3 times as much as we spend on the military . 
  ... we are n't . 
  then i do n't think you can really argue this is much about convenience or lack of options , you just do n't want to pay these companies what it costs them to make the content . 
  that 's fine , but do n't try and rationalise it with bullshit like `` i ` checked netflix ' , i 'm good '' . 
  yes that 's a better comparison . 
  you have to bear in mind an all in one media service would cost a tonne , basically what cable companies charge . 
  would you pay that ? 
  probably not . 
  i would guess that 's why they 're going down the more truncated route of providing things separately . 
  i mean it 's better for consumers that way anyway , because you do n't have to pay for a load of crap you 're not going to watch . 
  cable customers have been asking for that forever . 
  that 's not really a good sign to be honest currently . 
  if netflix had all these shows it would cost $ 200 per month instead of $ 8 or whatever it costs currently . 
  would you still subscribe ? 
  do you pay for shows on itunes / amazon on demand ? 
  you can get a lot of content on demand on itunes and amazon . 
  comparing netflix to steam is not at all a fair comparison . 
  yes i did , apologies . 
  no they have n't . 
  have you ever even met any muslims ? 
  do you think they are all raving jihadists ? 
  on the contrary , you can count on our government fighting to keep these undemocratic institutions , because to change it would mean handing over more sovereignty to the eu . 
  this has always been the british view . 
  it 's no where close to that . 
  taxes are similar to the uk and we pay around 35 % on avg inclusive of all direct and indirect taxes . 
  germany also benefitted , and is still benefitting , from the euro crisis themselves via lower bond yields . 
  the uncertainty is pushing down german yields and pushing up yields in countries like greece . 
  this has already saved the german government billions of euros . 
  they 're talking about budget surpluses . 
  germany has been running deficits for decades . 
   regardless however , to make this stance consistent one would now have to ban unions between , for example , people with the same genetic illness/predisposition since doing so would increase the odds of the illness being passed down significantly and would have to ban unions within a certain community once a certain degree of consanguinity is achieved within it due to constant intermarriage . 
  however , neither of these is done or acceptable . 
  he was referring to this here . 
  no we 're not . 
  i did n't say they should n't be able to reproduce , i said they should n't be able to reproduce with those that have genetic conditions . 
  the argument is * exactly the same . 
  * you could make similar arguments for those consuming drugs and alcohol during pregnancy too ( addicts ) . 
  the logical extension of this argument is that all those with inheritable genetic conditions should not be able to have sex with others that have the same or other conditions . 
  a further extension if all you care about is protecting children would be to ban them having sex full stop . 
  they should also ban people having sex while on drugs or alcohol while they 're at it , or doing risky activities while pregnant . 
  it 's just a total can of worms and really is n't anyone 's business . 
  should sex between those that have inheritable genetic conditions be illegal ? 
  as he says , this is the logical conclusion of this argument . 
  no , i do n't think the state should be involved full stop . 
  it 's too high an infringement on personal liberty . 
  it 's even easier for smaller countries because they can specialise . 
  many of the other eu microstates specialise in banking and insurance for instance . 
  just look at ireland , they had lower per capita gdp than the uk not long ago , and now they far surpass us . 
  developing countries almost always grow faster , provided they 're stable politically . 
  that 's why growth in eastern europe is so much higher than in western europe . 
  outside the emu they also have a much better chance of competing on the export market too . 
   as time goes on the economical differences will get bigger and bigger . 
  this is n't necessarily true . 
  provided they have political stability and good economic links with the eu they should grow much faster than developed western european states . 
  south korea is a prime example of this kind of growth . 
  in 1980 s. korean gdp per capita ( ppp ) was around 1/4 that of the uk , by 2020 we 're going to be almost equal ( $ 47k vs $ 48k ) . 
  what ? 
  but they 're dead . 
  the only opinion that matters after their death is their relatives .
