  does n't seem to as far as i can see ... 
  uk citizens were in guantanamo . 
  it very much was a problem for us . 
  the uk and france were actually quite worried about german reunification as i recall . 
  mitterrand ( french president at the time ) believed that inclusion of germany in the european institutions ( emu especially ) and nato could prevent the destabilising nature of such a powerful state . 
  `` a representative of french president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand reportedly told an aide to gorbachev , `` france by no means wants german reunification , although it realises that in the end it is inevitable . '', 
  at the strasbourg summit , mitterrand and thatcher discussed the fluidity of germany 's historical borders . 
  on 20 january 1990 , mitterrand told thatcher that a unified germany could `` make more ground than even hitler had '' . 
  he predicted that `` bad '' germans would reemerge , who might seek to regain former german territory lost after world war ii and would likely dominate hungary , poland , and czechoslovakia , leaving `` only romania and bulgaria for the rest of us '' . 
  the two leaders saw no way to prevent reunification , however , as `` none of us was going to declare war on germany '' . 
  mitterrand recognized before thatcher that reunification was inevitable and adjusted his views accordingly ; unlike her , he was hopeful that participation in a single currency and other european institutions could control a united germany . 
  mitterrand still wanted thatcher to publicly oppose unification , however , to obtain more concessions from germany . '', 
  tariffs are n't the main concern , [ non-tariff barriers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-tariff_barriers_to_trade ) are , which is the main reason for the creation of the single market to begin with . 
  how much damage is done entirely depends on the deal cameron can negotiate after the fact . 
  tariffs will be low to nonexistent ( wto guarantees this ) . 
  it 's more non-tariff barriers which will be a problem and is the main benefit of being inside the eu . 
  it is when the economy is not growing properly , of course targetted stimulus is better . 
  i 'm not really sure why investing in human capital is bad per se anyway . 
  [ articles ] ( http://bruegel.org/2015/10/how-will-refugees-affect-european-economies/ ) i 've read on the subject seem to suggest the economic impact will be positive and the costs neutral in the long term . 
  my point was that the refugees are causing germany to spend , which is improving growth . 
  not that spending money on refugees is necessarily better than spending money on other things , just that spending in general right now is a good idea . 
  no one pays it off , the economy grows and the debt gets smaller relatively speaking . 
  if the german government borrowed right now inflation would burn a sizeable portion of it too ( generally inflation is around 2 % , and interest rates are currently essentially zero , this means when inflation rises they 're losing ~ 2 % every year compounded , meaning 18 % of the value of their initial investment is gone over just 10 years ) . 
  so i guess in that sense the banks are paying the debt off for the german government , because they 're so desperate to reduce their market risk . 
  1.6 % is real growth , when gdp growth figures are reported in the papers those are not nominal figures , nominal growth is much larger depending on inflation . 
  the imf is predicting growth of 1.5 % in 2015 , 1.6 % in 2016 , 1.5 % in 2017 , 1.3 % in 2018 , 1.3 % in 2019 , 1.3 % in 2020 . 
  those are not good figures , for the german government , this should be worrying . 
  for instance , if we look at growth running up to the financial crisis , in 2006 and 2007 germany experienced 3.9 % and 3.4 % growth . 
  if the germany government was spending more rather than saving growth would be higher in germany right now . 
  that is totally undeniable . 
  this is often why you will hear people joke that the refugees are improving growth in germany , it 's actually true . 
  the debt would also cost the german state nothing as interest rates are below zero . 
  in an economy like germany 's having a surplus and creating a sovereign wealth fund is n't a terrible idea in and of itself . 
  it 's just not very sensible right now . 
  as nyx points out , the eurozone has been experiencing economic stagnation for years now . 
  this is very bad for an economy like germany that relies a lot on export orientated growth , rather than for instance compared to the uk that is more reliant on domestic demand . 
  falling exports to china and other emerging markets is going to hit germany quite hard too , they need to rebalance their growth . 
  ironically the uk has the opposite problem to germany , with our large current account deficit and reliance on private consumption . 
  so in short , yes it 's not a terrible idea , but not a great idea right now , and germany is n't experiencing `` good times '' currently . 
  growth is low and very fragile right now ( this is why bond yields are so low ) . 
  this is not just a german issue but eurozone-wide . 
  what is it with germans and austerity , from an outsiders perspective it seems like total madness . 
  i 'm sure it does , i was only talking about before transfers . 
  in most countries the poor do n't pay much in taxes after transfers , that 's pretty normal and i 'm not exactly sure why it should change . 
  [ as i recall ireland was actually really good in this regard . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/5b04e255d6e4b5cd51c87825dc41b4bf.png ) from [ here . 
  ] ( http://ourworldindata.org/data/growth-and-distribution-of-prosperity/income-inequality/ ), 
  if you mean after benefits that 's pretty normal is n't it ? 
  in the uk 52 % of the population received more in benefits than they paid in taxes in 2013/14 , i should imagine this is similar elsewhere too . 
  if you mean before benefits , do n't forget vat and other indirect taxes that do n't get rebated under tax credits . 
  i think you 'd be surprised at the * total marginal tax rate * less well off people actually pay , i would n't be surprised if it 's close to what people on larger incomes pay in reality . 
  does ireland have a liberal party ? 
  seems the uk and ireland are quite similar in that regard ... 
  holy shit , i just looked at the opinion polls . 
  [ what the hell happened to labour ? 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/14d08e7c77807bda6f62765f5f364545.png ) looks a bit like what happened to the lib dems in the uk !, 
  the efta is n't inside the single market , to be truly inside it you need to be in the eu . 
  even the eea has exemptions in certain areas ( cap and fisheries as i recall ) . 
  if you look at where our opt outs are they 're generally within areas which should n't be mandatory within the eu anyway . 
  no country should be obligated to join schengen or the emu for instance , and they should be allowed to leave them if they want to without leaving the eu . 
  the european project is too important to let it collapse over more controversial parts like monetary and asylum policy . 
  a point not included in the article , but equally pertinent is that other countries are n't exactly pleased with the eu as it stands either . 
  a brexit could push these countries to have their own referendums . 
  bearing this in mind it is crucial the eu leaders get on board with a multi-speed solution . 
  there need to be reductions in political integration , and countries need to be able to choose to join or leave certain aspects of the eu freely . 
  for instance the eu should n't be mandating employment law , this should be up to the member states . 
  all that should be required is that eu citizens in each country are treated the same as domestic citizens . 
  immigration ( not referring to freedom of workers , that should be mandatory ) and asylum rules should be for the member states to decide too , if countries want to leave schengen they should be free to do so . 
  the only aspects that should be mandatory are those concerning the single market . 
   signing up to treaties on trade , nuclear power or the environment involves submitting to regulations set jointly with foreigners , in return for greater gains . 
  britain outside the eu would be on the sidelines : notionally independent from , but in fact still constrained by , rules it would have no role in formulating . 
  it would be a purer but rather powerless sort of sovereignty . 
  spot on . 
  not many seem to realise this . 
  with massive trade agreements like ttip/tpp this is only going to be more the case as time goes on . 
   gaining the right to stop immigration from the eu would almost certainly mean losing full access to the single market . 
  and reducing the numbers of immigrants would hurt britain 's businesses and public services , which rely on french bankers , bulgarian builders and italian doctors . 
  another point eurosceptics keep ignoring . 
  how many times am i going to have to listen to farage trying to explain that a free trade agreement is the same as being inside the single market ? 
  it 's not !, 
  constantly we 're told that leaving the eu wo n't damage trade if we get a free trade agreement , this is total nonsense . 
  it 's also true that eu immigration is good for britain , both low skilled and high skilled , both are needed . 
   the longer-term costs would go beyond economics . 
  brexit might well break up the united kingdom itself . 
  scotland , more europhile than england , is again agitating for a divorce ; if britain decides to leave europe , then the scots may at last have a point . 
  this is a massive concern , and as a unionist one of my biggest fears should we leave the eu . 
  as i recall the polls are 60/40 in favour of leaving the uk should we leave the eu , surely enough to convince sturgeon to call for another referendum . 
   and europe would be poorer without britain 's voice : more dominated by germany ; and , surely , less liberal , more protectionist and more inward-looking . 
  this is a fair concern , along with the dutch the uk are one of the biggest supporters of trade liberalisation in the eu . 
  first time watching pmqs ? 
  indeed , i think that 's the most ugly flag i 've ever seen . 
  we did , and yes , poland was fucked either way , not much we could do . 
  their country is just located in the wrong place !, 
  the soviet union invaded poland 16 days after germany as well , so they had no chance . 
  how come he is n't in prison ? 
  is n't saying such things illegal ? 
  the result is that polish population will fall massively ( this is what eurostat and un projections suggest ) . 
  low or negative net migration coupled with extremely low birth rates is not good for an economy . 
  cheap low skilled workers are the building blocks to an economy , nothing would work without them . 
  they may not have much direct benefit to tax income but the indirect benefit to economic growth is massive .
