  eu nations do n't collect taxes based on revenue , they collect taxes based on profits , which are very small due to transfer pricing practices that are hard to prevent . 
  this is my opinion on uk tax havens as well . 
  you ca n't deal with these countries individually . 
  russia sells oil/gas in euro , ruble and cny i believe . 
  it will boost the value of the euro , which is n't good for all eurozone countries only some . 
  the public believe : 3 . 
  job-seekers allowance : 29 % of people think we spend more on jsa than pensions , when in fact we spend 15 times more on pensions ( # 4.9 bn vs # 74.2 bn ) 4 . 
  benefit fraud : people estimate that 34 times more benefit money is claimed fraudulently than official estimates : the public think that # 24 out of every # 100 spent on benefits is claimed fraudulently , compared with official estimates of # 0.70 per # 100 7 . 
  immigration and ethnicity : the public think that 31 % of the population are immigrants , when the official figures are 13 % [ viii ] . 
  even estimates that attempt to account for illegal immigration suggest a figure closer to 15 % . 
  there are similar misperceptions on ethnicity : the average estimate is that black and asian people make up 30 % of the population , when it is actually 11 % ( or 14 % if we include mixed and other non-white ethnic groups ) 9 . 
  benefit bill : people are most likely to think that capping benefits at # 26,000 per household will save most money from a list provided ( 33 % pick this option ) , over twice the level that select raising the pension age to 66 for both men and women or stopping child benefit when someone in the household earns # 50k + . 
  in fact , capping household benefits is estimated to save # 290m [ xi ] , compared with # 5bn [ xii ] for raising the pension age and # 1.7 bn [ xiii ] for stopping child benefit for wealthier households . 
  when you realise how misinformed the general public are , you begin with realise why meaningless things like removing benefits from migrants becomes a hot issue . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3188/perceptions-are-not-reality-the-top-10-we-get-wrong.aspx ), 
  if you want totals for 2012-2015 the numbers are : usa $ 4.69 billion eu commission $ 1.8 billion uk $ 1.55 billion germany $ 1.29 billion kuwait $ 1.04 billion saudi arabia $ 737 million . 
  more [ here . 
  saudi donated a lot previous years , they 're actually the 6th largest donor between 2012 and 2015 , giving $ 737 million total . 
  qatar equally donated more previous years , giving $ 240 million in total . 
  the uk is getting pretty xenophobic these days . 
  pull up the drawbridge and close the borders seem to be the opinion of the day . 
  note i 'm referring to the people here not the politicians , they 're as pro immigration as ever . 
  i hope so too , it will be good to have more europeans in the uk . 
  i think we 're more culturally connected than people from elsewhere . 
   i think the problem is that being in the eu needs to also mean the euro , schengen and further integration . 
  why does it have to mean that ? 
  i 'm pro eu but do n't want any of those things ( ref political integration ) . 
  i want the eu as it is with more trade integration . 
  integration of services especially which germany is resisting . 
  heh , the more you know . 
  cheers . 
  edit : i should point out it 's not a requirement in the uk either , they can be lords ( as can the pm or any cabinet minister ) , but it basically never happens for such senior roles . 
  in the uk , the finance minister is an mp . 
  i thought that was the case for all parliamentary systems , while presidential systems appointed them . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  it 's not , but i 'll happily be proven wrong if you have a source . 
  the information used for this figure ( you can find a few articles in this thread ) is from [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/household-income/the-effects-of-taxes-and-benefits-on-household-income/2013-2014/etb-stats-bulletin-2013-14.html ), 
  how are the ecofin and eurogroup democracy free ? 
  they 're full of legitimately elected finance ministers . 
  the commission is n't directly elected , but parliament approves or denies them so they have an indirect democratic mandate at least . 
  furthermore juncker was chosen before the election itself as the epp candidate , everyone knew who they were getting as president if the epp won . 
  the ecb is not directly elected either , but that 's pretty normal for central banks . 
  this seems like he wants to create a european superstate , but allowing countries to do their own thing within it . 
  not sure how that would really work , would they get to decide on everything or only some things ? 
  would they be allowed for instance to prop up failing domestic businesses and other protectionist measures ? 
  would they be allowed to set their own trade measures , tariffs and the likes ? 
  this is what you agree to when you join the eu . 
  if they want out they need to negotiate that with all eu states ( like we are at the moment !, 
  but that 's not what they did . 
  even that measure would be bogus since immigrants will have a different lifetime cost to natives ( due to coming here at a later age and probably not all staying for retirement ) . 
  this is the key to the article and why such a measure is useless for determining contributions . 
   the figures and calculations portray a snapshot at a given moment . 
  they do not factor in the changes that households ' incomes undergo over time . 
  so a household whose income drops , for example , when one or both earners retire , could switch immediately from a high to a lower decile group . 
  someone that earns # 35k his entire life may well be a net receiver over their life . 
  this study does n't test this question . 
  all they are doing is taking say , all people earning a range of incomes ( so inside a certain decile ) that averages to be a gross income of # 35k and saying they pay say # 5k in taxes and receive # 5k in benefits on average . 
  but this will include many pensioners earning # 25k say and receiving # 10k from the state ( who are n't net contributors ) , as well as many workers earning # 35k and taking nothing from the state ( who are net contributors now , but as i said may well not be over their lifetime ) . 
  it 's a pretty meaningless statistic when looking at an individual and trying to judge whether they will be a net contributor or not . 
  you would need to look at their lifetime contributions , not what they contribute at any given moment . 
  how did she not save hungary ? 
  the alternative was hundreds of thousands of migrants being stuck in hungary , where they can not be dealt with . 
  hungary does n't have the infrastructure to deal with that , germany does . 
  this is factually incorrect , someone earning # 35k would be putting in far more than they are taking out . 
  over their lifetime they may not , i do n't know , there are n't any statistics that qualify whether this is the case or not . 
  which makes it essentially meaningless . 
  it includes retired individuals that cost the state massive amounts , as well as working individuals and children . 
  a person of working age will not have to earn anywhere near # 35,000 to be a net contributor to the state . 
  while someone that is ~ 80 may have to earn much more than this to be a net contributor . 
  the statistic is meaningless . 
  someone is a contributor to the treasury at a much lower income than this . 
  [ working age individuals hardly take anything from the state ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/1d990f1c0572ca6198546b839202d9f5.png ) , it is the old and young that do so ( the old much more so ) . 
  the un ruling does n't give credence to his assertion that sweden would extradite him to the us . 
  the un case was examining whether he was being legally detained or not ( and whether him being stuck in the embassy constitutes being detained ) . 
  of course just because the un says something does n't make it so , the decision is not legally binding on the uk or swedish governments and until the arrest warrant is rescinded it is the uk governments responsibility to arrest him . 
  because if they wanted to ` get him ' they could have done so through the uk ( he lived in the uk freely for years before fleeing to the embassy just before being deported ) . 
  there is no reason they would have to wait till he was deported to sweden . 
  he 's in the embassy to escape extradition to sweden remember , not the us . 
  his story does n't make sense . 
  as it stands he 's already escaped two of the crimes he was initially being investigated for due to the statute of limitations lapsing . 
  what he 's done has made a complete mockery of the law and it 's about time he was arrested and deported for questioning , as well as facing possible crimes for skipping bail in the uk . 
  this does n't have anything to do with the us . 
  that 's just a nonsense story he concocted . 
  so people keep telling me . 
  that 's # 8 bn per year , less than i 'd expect ... 
  those that live in cities tend to earn more than those in the country . 
  furthermore public service costs are lower per capita in high density areas . 
  subsidising young workers is n't going to increase demand to anywhere near the required amount to increase rental prices by 30 % . 
  they will probably go up yes , but to no where near the level some on here are suggesting . 
  like the war in iraq ? 
  that 's in part due to all our products being manufactured in china instead of here . 
  around 1/3rd of chinese co2 emissions are from exports . 
  micro-states are ridiculous when you have an institution that requires unanimity to pass or repeal many of its laws . 
  they just should n't be admitted to the eu in the way decisions are currently made . 
  if they want to join they should join in the same way switzerland has , via bilateral agreements . 
  this is the issue with having open borders but no centralised control of policies . 
  there are treaties / accepted standards preventing it i think , as well as lack of strategic need . 
  if europe absolutely wanted to we could put more troops in eastern europe .
