  tl ; dr in 2014 we had a gross contribution of # 13.4 billion . 
  after cap payments , structural funds and rural development funds the net contribution is reduced to # 9.8 billion in 2014 . 
  this however does not include payments to uk universities for research grants and other non-government organisations . 
  after deducting these transfers the net contribution is reduced to # 5.7 billion in 2014 . 
  however , european commission spending and revenue statistics allocates spending to the countries in which that spending takes place and revenues to the countries which collect that revenue . 
  this may not always be appropriate . 
  accounting for this sees a reduction in the uk 's estimated contribution by # 1.8 billion to # 3.9 billion in 2014 . 
  this final figure is just 75 euros per person or 0.22 % of gni . 
  not only the french but putin as well . 
  this would only apply to schengen countries , as usual we 'll have an opt out . 
  at worst they will have to wait till 2017 when sarcozy 's party get into government again . 
  i doubt it will come to that though . 
  that 's all of them then . 
  they blame both , they just blame the cuts slightly more . 
  how do you raise wages ? 
  improve productivity , increase gdp per capita . 
  if you become more productive you can make more value in the same amount of time and earn more income . 
  just a preface , i think there are plenty of arguments for leaving , but i do n't think the economic arguments are at all strong . 
   your allies have an interest in you remaining . 
  we will of course tell you it 's bad . 
  the only scenario where i would see your allies pushing in favor of a leave would be if they had to gain something from it . 
  if you look at the brexit advocates in france : their argument is mainly that we will better be off without the uk as it has constantly been blocking further transition into a federation . 
   most business groups whether large or small say it is a bad idea it 's a fair point , and it applies to almost all these groups , especially the business groups . 
  but to be fair , especially with business , what is good for them is good for us . 
  we all work for these companies at the end of the day , and if they 're more prosperous it means they can pay higher wages and there will be more jobs for people in the uk . 
  i mean the out campaign is always going on about how the eu is bad for small businesses and is just a corporatist entity , if that was the case why do they want us to remain ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
   unfortunately , the imf has lost a lot of credibility in the greek crisis . 
  even if their predictions are correct , they still have the stigma of making some predictions that have been terribly wrong . 
  the imf still has some of the best economic minds in the world working for them . 
  i do n't think you can just dismiss their opinion like this . 
  remember too it is not just the imf saying this either . 
   taking matters back into your own hands can be very logical honestly . 
  there is a good amount of truth in the assumption that the local government levels can deal with local issues better than a supranational organization . 
  your local bureaucrats understand issues better than bureaucrats in brussels . 
  it is also a very fair decision to say that you do n't want other european voters to meddle with your domestic affairs . 
  we already have control for the most part . 
  we devolve some issues around workers rights and business regulations ( related to trade ) but most of this stuff was created and agreed upon by the british government anyway , because that 's how the eu works , by consensus . 
  i do accept that sometime we 're overruled , but it 's a small minority of the time ( around 5 % as i recall during labour and just under 10 % with the conservatives ) . 
  we also get the benefit of being able to influence european politics for our benefit as well , which we would n't have outside the eu . 
  so although we 're overruled 5-10 % of the time , so are other countries to our benefit . 
   well , naturally . 
  businesses do not like drastic changes . 
  this however must not mean that we should not make bold decisions sometimes . 
  if we had always pursued the safest and easiest path in the past , we would not where we are today . 
  you will only achieve mediocrity if you are not willing to take risks . 
  i 'm not talking about businesses , there was an lse report and a pwc report off the top of my head , both were pretty negative as far as consequences go , both are institutions i would tend to trust pretty heavily . 
   neither side can make a good argument about the economic future . 
  there are studies backing up either side . 
  so why would they admit that it will be bad when it could very much be positive ? 
  well that 's just not true . 
  in the short term as i said it 's pretty clear this will be bad . 
  in the long term it depends what choices we make outside the eu , and how the eu changes , those sorts of things you can not model . 
  i just find this bizarre quite frankly . 
  our allies say leaving is a bad idea , most mps say it is a bad idea ( that we elected to represent our views !, 
  ) , most business groups whether large * or * small say it is a bad idea , the boe & imf all but say it is a bad idea . 
  yet the polls are so close , why ? 
  people obviously are n't interested in listening to the people that should understand this issue . 
  it seems they 're taking an emotive decision rather than a logical one . 
  almost all of the economic research i 've seen has suggested that the immediate impact will be bad in the short and medium term . 
  in the long term , it could be good or bad , that really depends on the kind of deals we can make and what happens in the eurozone after we leave . 
  there just does n't seem to be a convincing economic argument to be had here . 
  if they wanted to argue on that front they should have suggested an eea option so that we could negotiate trade deals with those outside of the eu . 
  but they ca n't , because that retains free movement of labour , which they know the public do n't want . 
  but of course they ca n't accept the fact that economically it 's a bad idea because then they 'll lose the referendum . 
  so they just have to make these weird arguments about how all the establishment are wrong and it 's obviously going to be amazing . 
  after all they did n't predict the 2008 crash , therefore , they must be wrong about everything !!, 
  does ireland keep winning due to the british vote ? 
  i did n't realise they were ahead of sweden . 
  because it means inevitably more women end up living in poverty and have less life choices . 
  especially single parents , they rely massively on help from the government to provide for their kids . 
  he said why , westminster has a history of ignoring areas outside of london . 
  infrastructure spending in the rest of the country is minute compared to there . 
  i 'm not sure why that would change upon brexit . 
  well uk would opt out anyway , that 's a given . 
  so in or out it makes no difference . 
  but i agree with your conclusion , it would reduce the numbers , not that that should matter to other states since the quota would be a local quota not an eu wide one . 
   implying 3 % of polish gdp is anything compared to larger countries like russia . 
  the uk will just opt out anyway , which removes most of the eligible migrants ( most will speak english not other languages ) . 
  i suppose there might be a fair few french speakers as well . 
  i do n't follow . 
  what does the uk being inside the eu have to do with anything ? 
  we 're obviously opted out of anything to do with illegal immigration anyway . 
  they should vote for representatives that make the decisions for them . 
  i 'm not a believer in direct democracy . 
  what kind of cheese is it ? 
  jesus christ , as someone not that keen on meat , it looks a bit too hearty for me !, 
  that looks terrible but delicious at the same time . 
  it is . 
  for instance in 2014 the netherlands paid import duties of 0.47 % of gdp to the eu , compared to say 0.1 % in france or 0.14 % in germany . 
  if you remove this disparity they pay a similar amount to other continental countries ( but obviously still far less than the uk ) . 
  not producer i do n't think ? 
  possibly exporter , but the dutch do n't actually produce the products themselves . 
  netherlands certainly do n't receive many cap funds compared to somewhere like france ( 0.15 % vs 0.4 % of gdp ) . 
  they do pay a lot in customs duties though , due to their nature as a prolific eu importer ( that is to say they import from outside and export to the eu ) . 
  the netherlands get 's a decent amount of structural funds , at least a similar amount to the uk . 
  the main reason they contribute much is due to customs duties brought about by the fact that the netherlands are such a prolific importer ( and exporter to the rest of the eu ) . 
  you can see this [ here ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/country.aspx?id=nl&amp;year=2001&amp;method=pc ) , the gni contribution is similar to the uk but although slightly larger , but the main difference is in the customs duties and esm contributions ( which the uk does n't have ) . 
  it 's weird , because the uk these days gets more farm subsidies than the netherlands as a proportion of her economy . 
  seems this changed around 2001 , prior to this point the netherlands got far more .
