  the feeling i got is that perhaps they went slightly too far in france but it is still better than the uk in that their attitude to welfare is more healthy . 
  we seem to have this idea that people on welfare should be punished , they do n't deserve anything , even though we pay taxes to receive it . 
  almost all claimants are just ordinary people that work but have lost their jobs , it can happen to anyone , but this is n't how they 're portrayed . 
  they 're portrayed as lazy scroungers who do n't want to work but just bleed the state dry . 
  do you have this issue in france too ? 
  perhaps you do & this documentary does n't tell the full story . 
  it 's the same with employment law ( which i think the uk is ok in this regard actually !, 
  ) , perhaps in france it is too complex & needs to be reduced somewhat . 
  but when you 're used to all these protections of course it is hard to change the status quo . 
  i think the trope is there to further cement the idea that nuclear war would be the end of the world as we know it . 
  whether it 's factual or not does n't really matter as the consequences are inconceivable either way . 
  i think we 're looking at either a labour or tory minority government ( which is anyones guess , it 's quite close ) , with no coalition . 
  i mean there is a possibility the lib dems would go into coalition with labour or the conservatives but there 's every chance this will still not be anywhere near a majority ( so still a minority government ) . 
  so i 'm not sure why they would do so , it was worth it in 2010 as the lib dems got a lot more seats & allowed the coalition to have a majority in the commons . 
  [ by current polls ] ( http://may2015.com/category/seat-calculator/ ) the only coalition that could create a majority government is snp/labour & that 's not going to happen either . 
  so norway increases production slightly , it 's not going to make a big difference . 
  if you 're looking for energy independence norway is n't a solution . 
  the situation with oil & petroleum products is even more extreme , with [ russia exporting 7.4 million bbl/d ] ( http://www.eia.gov/countries/cab.cfm?fips=rs ) ( 80 % to europe ) & [ norway 1.19 bbl/d ] ( http://www.eia.gov/countries/cab.cfm?fips=no ) ( 92 % to europe ) . 
  so unless everyone just starts driving electric cars & we build a load of nuclear power plants i do n't see this reliance dying anytime soon . 
  but it 's a two way street , [ russia is incredibly reliant ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/explore/tree_map/hs/export/rus/show/all/2012/ ) upon europe for their export market . 
  but they have temporarily stopped exports in the past which is pretty worrying . 
  besides it 's not a long term solution , russia holds 1/4 the worlds natural gas reserves , more than 20 times the amount norway holds ( at current proven reserves ) . 
  the situation is n't much different so far as crude oil is concerned either . 
  i think they just see their country falling apart & they want to try anything aside from the status quo . 
  every year their debt is increasing , the repayments are a larger portion of their government budget , even without any cuts to the deficit they 're still bleeding money ( after interest the amount they have for services is decreasing ) . 
  their economy is barely growing , their unemployment is barely decreasing . 
  i think they just want to try something different even if it does n't make things better as they do n't feel the situation can get much worse . 
  i think there is a lot of anger in europe in general too about how the poor are feeling the brunt of this austerity & those who could afford to weather it are not getting harsh enough measures against them . 
  the common person on the street did nothing wrong to cause this crisis yet the bankers & investors who benefitted ( by not having their assets wiped out ) are not feeling the brunt of it when they should be . 
  see greece for example , yes the banks had to receive a haircut but not big enough in my opinion , and we the taxpayers for some reason have to bail them out again . 
  the system is fucked , these banks should not be being bailed out , if they make bad investments they should become insolvent & the investors that have equity in that bank should lose all their money it 's as simple as that . 
  damn i wish people in the uk had this view ... we seem obsessed with demonising the poor here even though they are the least to blame and most worse off relatively . 
  it wo n't be as bad as this parliament . 
  currently the coalition can push through what they want provided they have internal support from mps . 
  that 's not looking to be the case 2015 onwards . 
  they will need support from the minor parties or labour so a lot of policies will get watered down for more broad support . 
  they 'd need support from the minor parties or labour on a referendum . 
  no coalition aside from labour snp ( which i do n't think will happen ) is looking to get a majority . 
  of course this could all change on election day . 
  not sure how much this will help to be honest . 
  the amount of oil & gas continental europe , especially germany , get from russia is astronomical . 
  no area besides the middle east could supply sufficient quantities . 
  i think he meant that france & belgium are both in the eu so he could live in either country freely anyway . 
  i guess this would n't solve his income tax problem which i suppose is why he wanted to move to begin with ? 
  they 're pretty close however , sweden is 6th with a score of 3.96 compared to a score of 4.01 for the uk for instance , norway is 7th , denmark 17th , finland 24th . 
  in europe the top 10 are germany ( 1 ) , netherlands ( 2 ) , belgium ( 3 ) , uk ( 4 ) , sweden ( 6 ) , norway ( 7 ) , luxembourg ( 8 ) , ireland ( 11 ) , france ( 13 ) , switzerland ( 14 ) . 
  what threat do n't you think we can defend ourselves from ? 
  where does this fear come from ? 
  as i said if you 're not willing to use your military force ( as we are not , and i think neither will america as time goes on ) then economic sanctions are more effective . 
  this is why i mention iran & russia , both areas where neither side is willing to use military force as it would be too costly . 
  fair enough , it 's amusing to me though because my family is non religious & buddhist ( mum/brother ) & we love christmas haha !, 
  i think you 're right , not many people see it as a religious holiday any more , i 've never seen it that way . 
  i 'm sure some americans & europeans will disagree with me but i do n't see ourselves as dependent on america . 
  yes america has a lot of troops & bases in europe , plus we benefit from the intelligence they gain throughout the world but i do n't see this relationship changing much & even if it did i do n't think it would have a great effect . 
  it 's true that realistically we ca n't go into major conflicts without american support but why is that a problem ? 
  do you want to be going to war with random countries all around the world ? 
  do you want more wars like in iraq ? 
  with regards to influence i do believe in the modern world economics is much more powerful . 
  weapons are only useful if you 're actually prepared to use them & that 's less & less the case these days . 
  in iran for instance the sanctions are beginning to work & that 's due to europe not america ( more specifically germany ) . 
  same is the case with russia , america does n't really have any influence there but we do for economic reasons . 
  their spending has n't changed much since 2000 , they only spent 1.45 % back then . 
  they 've basically just changed the focus of their military which makes sense as there are different threats now . 
  perhaps this will change if relations with russia keep getting worse but for now i do n't think it will . 
  holding onto large amounts of equipment you 're not going to use does n't make financial sense . 
  why is it freaking you out , what exactly do you think could happen ? 
  why do french people dislike christmas ? 
  i 've never heard this stereotype before . 
  workfare could help people , but not in the way it 's implemented currently . 
  they should be doing it for minimum wage at least , so for around 11 hours per week . 
  you should be able to find your own volunteer work too & work placements etc should count towards the 11 hours per week . 
  at the moment it is very restrictive & not all that helpful for many people on jobseekers ( completely unrelated work experience ) . 
  but still , jsa is something we pay for via taxes . 
  what 's the point in paying for it via taxes if we have to work for it to get it , that logic does n't really follow for me . 
  i 'm also wary of the fact that workfare probably removes jobs that previously would be paid employment , so i think there needs to be some checks there to make sure that * only * volunteer positions can be filled with workfare people . 
  are you sure he 's not reptilian ? 
  i do n't follow scottish politics so i ca n't comment there . 
  something to bear in mind though when looking at party promises . 
  a party can only pass legislation if they get the majority of mps to vote on it . 
  so for instance any promises the greens make wo n't come true without support from the major parties so we 're unlikely to see any of it happen . 
  similarly for the lib dems although they have managed to succeed somewhat by being in a coalition ( which gives them influence they would n't otherwise have ) . 
  this also meant they had to back down on some promises though ( tuition fees ) . 
  of course this does n't mean you should only vote for majority governments . 
  actually quite the opposite as large majorities can lead to more extreme policies . 
  this election for example it 's quite likely we will have a hung parliament . 
  neither labour nor the conservatives will be able to pass legislation on their own so they will need cross party support . 
  this means people who do n't usually have their views heard will do so , and it also means legislation will be more neutral . 
  for instance the budget for 2016 onwards most likely will not look like what the conservatives have outlined . 
  the cuts wo n't be as harsh as they 're planning since no one besides maybe ukip agrees with them on it . 
  [ this seems to fluctuate a lot ] ( http://armstrade.sipri.org/armstrade/html/export_toplist.php ) , in 2013 china sold more , in 2014 germany sold more , it just depends upon what they 're selling that year . 
  the figures are miniscule though anyway , just a few billion . 
  kinda meaningless really . 
  is n't this just a map of gdp per capita ? 
  with live view the sensor is letting light in continuously , it 's exactly like using a compact or phone camera . 
  my nd filter is only 4x which is not nearly good enough but worth a go i think , might try sticking my ski goggles in front as well lol . 
  note that an nd filter does n't make it safe to look through the viewfinder so be careful !, 
  current forecast is sun or sunny spells where i live so hopefully i 'll get lucky !, 
  never know with the english weather though :( you could use an old camera actually , i might do that , pretty sure someone in my house has an old phone camera they do n't care if it breaks/gets damaged . 
  do n't use a digital camera or the live view on your dslr , it will damage the image sensor just like it damages your eyes . 
  taking pictures manually is fine ( but do n't look through the viewfinder ! ),
