  note the us do n't even have a carrier there at the moment for instance . 
  labour 's time in office saw the largest fall in child poverty in modern history . 
  during the conservatives time in office , child poverty is estimated to rise to the same level as it was in 2002 ( by 2020 ) , almost entirely destroying the progress labour made on the issue . 
  i do n't know if you 're being serious or not ( i know nothing about danish politics ) but to be clear , i 'm referring to the british conservative party , not those in other countries . 
  i have no idea how well they are doing ( or not ) . 
  the previous [ labour government actually did a lot to tackle child poverty . 
  ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/business/publications/research/key-issues-parliament-2015/social-protection/child-poverty/ ) but projections over the current parliament are set to completely undermine that progress . 
  cuts to social security expenditure are one of the primary reasons for this , the current government wants to look `` tough on welfare '' consequences be damned . 
  cheers conservatives , doing a good job as usual . 
  it 's a nato thing i think , we often send destroyers with us aircraft carriers as well . 
  we also sometimes have crew onboard said us aircraft carriers . 
  part of nato cooperation in case of war . 
  we 're also getting our own carriers soon and uk troops have been training on us ships with us forces . 
  lol i was wondering the same , i did n't think even eastern european states used ak-47 . 
  that 's all well & good , but some people really are lunatics . 
  like i get where you 're coming from , but some weapons just should n't be allowed . 
  it 's a balance of course , and perhaps we just disagree with where that line is . 
  i mean i 'm sure you probably would think rocket launchers and grenades probably should n't be sold in the shops for instance !, 
  i 'm not sure you can make such a claim , were there polls done ? 
  the wiki article suggests some local politicians supported him , but then you can find a tonne of crazy politicians in the us that support anything . 
  but to be honest that 's beside the point , the fact of the matter is the land was federally owned , and they have the right to kick people off it if they so please . 
  i 'm not sure in the logic that you support property rights for individuals but not the federal government , that does n't seem consistent to me . 
  basically what you 're saying is that they can just ignore the law in this instance , but if they want to stop someone trespassing on * their * land , well that 's ok then . 
  i guess all that would happen is the state would no longer be able to borrow money , and state services would just cease to function . 
  they would subsequently have to pass massive cuts to spending to get their budget back into balance on the funds they have available . 
  to be honest it sounds like a better system than what the eu has . 
  but the population is n't united , this is a small local militia contravening the federal government , which has a mandate from the entire usa . 
  not to mention they were trespassing on federally owned land . 
  [ english article . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20151119/give-tom-cats-the-snip-or-lock-em-up-says-govt ), 
  because the risk of contagion is too great & you may end up with multiple countries going bankrupt . 
  plus there is the banking exposure to worry about & the potential for banks to go bankrupt & cause another financial crash . 
  i think the idea is probably that it 's better certain weapons just do not exist in the public domain . 
  the reason being that they are just too dangerous , and for instance could potentially be stolen or bought for nefarious purposes . 
  so basically you 're advocating citizens breaking the law & then stopping law enforcement officers from carrying out the law by creating armed militias ? 
  sounds like a perfect argument for greater gun control to me . 
  it 's intriguing the example you gave too , since it basically advocates ignoring federal property rights . 
  that 's not really feasible when said countries are within the eurozone . 
  what happens if states go bankrupt ? 
  have any ever gone bankrupt ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  could it though ? 
  iranian oil production is less than half sa , venezuela is around 1/5th . 
  87 % of saudi oil goes to asia & the americas , only 10 % comes to europe . 
  that being said , europe is not an island , and regardless it would send the world into a depression if there was any sort of incident like the 1973 oil crisis . 
  we would n't lose our power , unless russia put up embargos too , but our energy would become massively more expensive & the markets everywhere would collapse due to interconnectivity . 
  believe it or not , but syria is n't the only country on earth with any kind of political instability . 
  most genuine worldwide refugees are not from syria . 
  that as well . 
  makes sense , gas is much better for the environment than coal . 
  i guess the government has figured going totally nuclear is probably too expensive , and renewables are impractical on a large scale currently . 
  yes i figured this was the reason for qe after the crash in the uk & it was useful for this purpose , but european qe is being done far after the financial crash . 
  european banks are not currently at risk of becoming insolvent as far as i 'm aware . 
  also the uk experienced more harsh austerity than the large european states did after the crisis , which is where all the larger banks are based . 
  actually we would be better off putting a lot of the money into healthcare expenditure , that would save far more lives than more anti terror police . 
  lol indeed , the users on this subreddit are rather amusing to say the least . 
  i was hoping they take them alive to be honest . 
  death is what these people want , better they rot in some prison somewhere . 
  this is my feeling too , governments have n't actually come forward with a proposal that can realistically end the war . 
  ireland q3 data is due [ december 11th . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/calendar ) qoq forecast is 1.43 % growth . 
  yoy data is due at the same time & forecast to be 8.57 % . 
  russia has quite inferior power projection beyond their immediate border , they do n't even have any modern aircraft carriers . 
  this of course ignores the fact that both countries are nuclear powers . 
  but yes , the uk has no issue with any country as i said domestically . 
  of course we could n't invade a country like china or russia but defensively we would be fine . 
  the uk is more than capable of defending against any other nation domestically or abroad . 
  estonia has strategic & political value , they would be in nato whether they had a military or not . 
  it 's being realistic . 
  as i said , the situation is different for the uk , and the other larger european states that produce a lot of their own weapons . 
  this is especially the case for the uk that has a huge defense industry . 
  as a larger country we also have a military that is comparable to most other larger nations . 
  exactly , but this is the case either way . 
  if estonia was n't in nato they would have to keep on friendly terms with russia . 
  the idea that such a small military would deter such a larger nation is laughable , if invasion was to their political advantage . 
  no it 's not . 
  their only domestic ` threat ' is russia , and whether they have a small military or no military at all makes little difference there . 
  yes i do think it 's pointless for the smaller european countries to spend much on defense . 
  for the larger countries it 's different , their military can actually be effective & their money is directly invested in the local economy & their domestic arms industries . 
  for smaller countries this is n't the case , what little equipment they do have tends to be imported . 
  which is good for the larger countries ( like america ) that make these weapons , but not so great for the smaller countries buying them . 
  why should they not ? 
  it seems your argument is just about principle rather than any sense of what is practical or useful in a real sense . 
  tell that to iceland . 
  estonia has strategic importance to the nato alliance , and as i said their military is mostly useless in any real conflict anyway . 
  i mean i understand why they spend the money considering their history , but it all just seems a little pointless . 
  they would be better putting that money into productive parts of their economy . 
  sure , but it 's pretty pointless when your military budget is a few 100m like estonia 's for example . 
  they could n't defend themselves from anything really , i 'm not sure why they bother to spend so much . 
  their economy is pretty small though , and their spending equally so . 
  yes but the private sector , as well as the public sector has huge amount of foreign assets . 
  for instance the singapore government has forex reserves that almost meet their public debt ( $ 257b vs debt of around $ 315b ) , and the private & public sector together have assets that far exceed their liabilities . 
  indeed the net international investment position of singapore is 182 % of gdp , which is the second highest in the world . 
  their export lists do n't look that different , just [ finland ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/0a0a36fa49ef5d55cf9e3ba1e77dd297.png ) makes a few more paper products & [ sweden ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/6aeb39e85ec94103f2f17091bfc5a06f.png ) makes a few more cars . 
  singapore debt to gdp is 99 % , are you thinking of japan ? 
  i could probably support uk troops in iraq as long as it was an international coalition force & we were n't providing massively more troops than everyone else ( which is what happened in iraq / afghanistan ) . 
  the number would likely be in the few thousands range ( < 3000 ) . 
  from an equivalence perspective even 3000 troops would be the equivalent of america sending in 26,000 or iran sending in 10,000 troops . 
  this was always my issue with previous conflicts , the numbers we contribute proportionally is far higher than other countries . 
  during the iraq invasion we contributed the equivalent of 28 % of our current combat strength ( 45,000 / 160,000 ) for instance while the americans contributed 14 % .
