  the reason they ( the person that died / is dying ) should have to give consent is due to the effect it may have on them while they 're still alive . 
  the eu needs to stop expanding to countries that are significantly less developed economically . 
  trade liberalisation makes sense with these countries , plus three of the four freedoms if they want ( freedom of capital , goods and services but not labour ) . 
  but monetary union and free movement of labour simply do not . 
  democracy in the eu needs significant reforms before any more microstates are admitted as well . 
  it 's ridiculous that they have a veto over changes to the treaties when their populations are so minute . 
  600,000 people in montenegro should not be allowed to veto the wishes of the other 500 million living in the eu . 
  all of the countries you mention apart from turkey , ukraine and * maybe * serbia should be blocked due to this . 
   except you ca n't withdraw consent if you 're dead . 
   why does that matter ? 
  i suppose it would be fair to say the relatives must consent as well !, 
   also : how degenerate do you want society to be ? 
  i do n't judge !, 
  to be honest , [ considering past history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia%e2%80%93ukraine_gas_disputes ) , bypassing ukraine makes sense . 
  going through baltics and poland could be a better alternative though . 
  i 'm not sure how necrophilia would work , but i guess it 's ok as long as the person who died consents . 
  incest i do n't have any issues with . 
  i do n't have an issue with them procreating either to be honest . 
  i just do n't believe the state should be involved in such matters . 
  the risk of genetic deformity is incredibly small anyway , similar to that of an older woman giving birth ( which happens all the time and is n't illegal ) . 
  people should , of course , be educated about the risks . 
  i 'd trust the bbc to be more neutral than any other media outlet . 
  but of course it is still a media outlet at the end of the day , bias is inherent in all journalism . 
  i ca n't stand julia hartley-brewer , whenever she 's on question time or any other talk show i just have to switch over ... she is just fervently unpleasant to listen to . 
  what 's the point of us shutting down our tax havens , they will just suck it up or declare independence . 
  either way you do n't solve the problem , there are plenty of tax havens which are not british overseas territories . 
  the only way to deal with the problem is in aggregate not one at a time . 
  if there is a concerted effort to do this it makes sense , but it does n't make sense to just target individual countries . 
  all those artificially low interest loans and free money from the eu budget is so bad for greece ... 
  the added profit he makes goes to the owners of said companies , which is then spent or invested in more economic activity etc too . 
  economics is n't a zero-sum game . 
  in the uk non-nationals have an unemployment rate of 6.9 % vs nationals at 5.2 % . 
  it is indeed possible to integrate immigrants , we have one of the highest net migration figures in the entire eu per capita ( highest in absolute terms ) . 
  in belgium for reference ( 2014 figures ) unemployment among nationals was 7.3 % and among non-nationals 17.1 % , so considerably worse . 
  per capita net migration to the uk was more than twice that of belgium in 2014 . 
  so really people need to be looking at ways to integrate immigrants better into the labour market , it 's definitely possible to do so . 
  the uk has one of the highest net migration rates in the eu per capita ( highest in absolute terms ) , yet the unemployment rate among non-nationals is tiny , 6.9 % vs 5.2 % for nationals . 
  it 's not the land border that is the problem . 
  kinda boring , but i would n't expand the uk . 
  ireland is similar due to language but also quite different and i do n't think either side would want to unite . 
  if we leave , this conservative government will have single handedly destroyed the union , as well as removed us from europe . 
  economic growth and education . 
  many things reduce births : - availability of contraception - more women in the workforce - less involved in agriculture , instead working in services - more safety nets for old age , not having to rely on your children just a few off the top of my head , all related to economic growth . 
  this is all happening already , fertility is decreasing globally not increasing . 
  world fertility in 1950 was 4.96 children per women , this peaked in 1960 at 5.02 and by 2015 it is 2.47 . 
  this is projected to continue to decrease , reaching 2.22 by 2050 and 1.99 by 2100 . 
  so ... it seems a lot of people hate the english ? 
  and i was going to say i love everyone :(, 
  practicality over aesthetics frenchie . 
  i think it 's eastern europeans , uk nationalists and americans . 
  all incredibly right wing and the sub is filled with them . 
   it 's disingenuous to call them refugees . 
  if they 're fleeing persecution then they fit the definition of a refugee . 
  the countries they 're fleeing from are mostly eritrea , somalia and nigeria . 
  most people fleeing these countries ( apart from perhaps nigeria i guess ) would suit the definition of a refugee . 
  to quote wiki on this : `` ascertaining motivation is complex , but most of the migrants are refugees , fleeing war and persecution in countries such as syria , afghanistan , iraq and eritrea : according to unhcr data , 84 % of mediterranean sea arrivals in 2015 came from the world 's top ten refugee-producing countries . 
  according to unhcr , the top ten nationalities of mediterranean sea arrivals in 2015 were syria ( 49 % ) , afghanistan ( 21 % ) , iraq ( 8 % ) , eritrea ( 4 % ) , pakistan ( 2 % ) , nigeria ( 2 % ) , somalia ( 2 % ) , sudan ( 1 % ) , the gambia ( 1 % ) and mali ( 1 % ) . 
  asylum seekers of seven nationalities had an asylum recognition rate of over 50 % in eu states in the first quarter of 2015 , meaning that they obtained protection over half the time they applied : syrians ( 94 % recognition rate ) , eritreans ( 90 % ) , iraqis ( 88 % ) , afghans ( 66 % ) , iranians ( 65 % ) , somalis ( 60 % ) and sudanese ( 53 % ) . 
  migrants of these nationalities accounted for 90 % of the arrivals in greece and 47 % of the arrivals in italy between january and august 2015 , according to unhcr data . 
  wars fueling the crisis are the syrian civil war and the iraq war , the war in afghanistan , the war in somalia , and the war in darfur . 
  refugees from eritrea , one of the most repressive states in the world , flee from indefinite military conscription and forced labour . '', 
  if anything hopefully this crisis makes people realise we can no longer just ignore what goes on elsewhere in the world . 
  the richer these countries become the more mobile the people become and the more will come to europe to seek refuge instead of neighbouring countries . 
  foreign aid is important , but so is military intervention to stabilise countries and make sure they 're not ruled by repressive governments that will lead to people fleeing and ultimately civil war . 
  a lot of this is a direct consequence of not fixing the situations in libya and syria , if these states had been stabilised ( which is not beyond western potential ) the flow would be massively reduced . 
  they would have to reject them at the border , once they 're inside they wo n't be able to be deported . 
  not unless local countries are feeling especially generous . 
  if they 're claiming asylum from russia their entry ca n't be denied but otherwise they can be . 
  do n't think national law has to be changes for this to be the case ? 
  unless it is written down that all asylum seekers must be accepted at the border regardless but i doubt that 's the case . 
  german banking exposure to greece in 2011 was 7.9 billion eur . 
  french exposure was 9.4 eur . 
  greek exposure was 46 billion eur . 
  every other country had less exposure than this . 
  deutsche bank exposure was only 400 million . 
  see [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed ), 
  banks are too integral and integrated into the financial system to let them fail . 
  these banks deal with trillions of euros in assets , and many other financial and nonfinancial institutions are linked to them . 
  let them fail and the whole house of cards collapses . 
  i think trump will get the republican nomination . 
  despite the hysteria on reddit , hillary will get the democratic nomination . 
  she 'll then win the presidential race and become president . 
  i do n't see trump beating her . 
  if rubio wins it might be closer . 
   i think it 's time this subreddit started filtering guardian articles . 
  the thrust of this article 's headline is clearly contradicted by the opening paragraph of the article itself . 
  if that is the qualification we must go by , then almost all news sites would be blocked . 
  he 's polish , germans are literally hitler according to most users of that nationality on here . 
  in my country at least , immigrants have almost the same unemployment rate as nationals , 6.9 % vs 5.2 % . 
  it is possible to integrate foreigners into the labour market , britain is a shining example of that . 
   civil war is coming , slowly . 
  / r/europe, 
  the vast vast majority will , yes . 
  the voting system . 
  from fptp to a pr alternative , probably stv . 
  amusing , because your pm was quite in favour of this deal i believe . 
  ez parliament / executive , it 's inevitable . 
  [ life expectancy will indeed still be increasing in 2080 and 2100 ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/d7ccf67d0eac22f3bf6d3907067c3671.png ) . 
  over time the effect will reduce of course .
