  korea went from gdp per capita 1/5th of the uk in 1980 and is estimated to be equal to us by 2020 . 
  taiwan went from a little under 1/2 in 1980 to above us by 2010 . 
  you 'd need higher growth than is currently the case to do this so quickly though granted . 
  why ? 
  if countries can maintain the growth levels they are at the moment they will overtake western economies eventually . 
  not saying this will happen , but it 's not unheard of . 
  he 's not wrong , 1.6 % growth is pretty terrible , especially during an economic recovery when growth should be higher than usual . 
  the figures are being pushed up by e. european developing countries too , where you would expect higher growth . 
  if you just look at western europe it 's pretty dire . 
  that 's not a given , there are quite a few once poor countries that are now at western levels of gdp per capita ( see asian tigers ) . 
  the turkish are opportunist , they have a good hand . 
  germany is being pragmatic , they know to solve this problem they need turkish help . 
  would you want to live in an xenophobic country orban is creating ? 
  it 's quite clear no one wants them there . 
  they legally come to the eu if they are genuine refugees . 
  this cuts out ~ half of the total number coming to the eu . 
  that 's quite a success no ? 
  the eu gets back control , which is what people wanted . 
  no more people wandering across europe . 
  no more economic migrants . 
  no more people drowning in the mediterranean . 
  please , if it was n't for the greek government they never would be in this mess . 
  they 're the ones that approved of the country running deficits they could n't afford for decades . 
  well done to them , because there is n't any other solution . 
  they 're just being obstructionist because it runs well at home , despite the fact it solves nothing . 
  of course people will still probably continue to blame germany for everything . 
  failed state . 
  lol . 
  you seriously need to get some perspective . 
  i do n't see why people have to `` be like me '' . 
  i do n't have an issue with different cultures intertwining , that 's one of the better aspects of my country . 
  to force people to conform would n't be the british way . 
  they should follow the law though obviously . 
  i do n't know about this , i think adults should take responsibility for the children they choose to create . 
  then again no contraceptive is 100 % . 
  it 's a difficult question , but i would lean towards being against this . 
  i generally agree with your view , but contraceptives are far from foolproof . 
  eh , that does n't seem like many troops . 
  i guess they will just restrict themselves to certain small areas . 
  they do n't need it anyway although countries do tend to try and get consensus on issues . 
  ah i see your point , makes sense . 
  i guess it was just to make a dig at the uk , as well as perhaps infer that the italians have accepted a lot . 
  but mostly to make a dig at the uk government . 
  it 's related because that 's why the government is having to fight these cases in court . 
  italy has accepted large numbers of refugees , their asylum system is overburdened , hence the court cases to prevent deportation . 
  they 're also inferring a moral argument , that britain should do their bit i guess . 
  what 's odd about it ? 
  people are fickle too . 
  poll on an issue in january and get one result , poll again in september and get another result entirely . 
  some countries have positive trade balance , some do not . 
  the problem is there are n't fiscal transfers to fix imbalances . 
  damn , getting visa free travel to iran is quite a perk . 
  the fco needs to sort that shit out !, 
  loves bernie sanders apparently, 
  thanks , i 'll give it a read . 
  your first post does n't link to anything though . 
  check in incognito mode , the post might have been deleted . 
  it 's not even 1/8th , proportionally it 's much less . 
  compared to states like lebanon where there is 1 refugee for every 4 citizens it is nothing . 
  1 million refugees in a population of 500 million ... 
  even countries like sweden that accept a lot per capita are nowhere near this . 
  we are rich too , most of the countries in the world with large refugee populations are extremely poor and ca n't deal with the numbers at all . 
  do you have any insight as to why the german view is different ? 
  to be honest sweden has been accepting large numbers for a long time , and things seem to be going pretty well as far as i can see . 
  i mean even going back to 2008 sweden had 24,000 asylum applications . 
  that 's 1/10th of the total for the entire eu in 2008 , yet sweden 's population is only 1/52 of the total . 
  just looking at it from a humanitarian perspective that 's a huge number of people that have broadly been taken out of poverty thanks to sweden 's loose asylum policy . 
  the dublin suspension was done because they were legally obligated to do so . 
  states were fined in the past by the ecj for deporting people back to countries that are blatantly not coping with the numbers arriving . 
  by people on / r/europe maybe . 
  that 's mostly because everyone loves to find an individual to blame though . 
  bonus points if you can link it to germany in some way . 
  just seems like the pleasant thing to do no ? 
  they 're there now , may as well welcome them and try your best as a country to integrate them into society . 
  getting jobs and learning the language is pretty crucial on that front . 
  this is pretty normal for germany . 
  [ merkel has had high ratings compared to other western leaders for over a decade ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9cebdc5490a949c64d94fc95d4083e9e.png ) . 
  this is an [ article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2015/sep/18/angela-merkel-10-years-germany-chancellor-economy-cdu ) from last summer explaining merkel 's history , seemingly the economic situation in germany has improved vastly while she 's been in office . 
  obviously things have deteriorated somewhat since this article , but the situation it still very good for merkel and the csu/cdu . 
  look at his post history / username . 
  '' [ tldr ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/48caw8/raqqasl_isis_executed_eight_of_their_dutch/ ) , raqqa was home to a 75 men strong dutch battalion . 
  the fighters had mostly morrocan-dutch heritage and had somewhat isolated themselves from the other fighters , although they still continued to follow isis orders . 
  conflict broke with an iraqi group and a member of the dutch group was killed . 
  later hq sent a guy to investigate the problem , but on arriving at the dutch camp , he was killed in revenge . 
  so hq brought a larger group , had a firefight and arrested 60 of them . 
  eight have now been executed . '', 
  countries are out to get deals that benefit them the most , and you 're surprised by this why ? 
  you 're arguing over a few percentage points , it 's over 40 % however you look at it . 
  the canada free trade deal has been in negotiation for over 5 years as i recall too . 
  ah the farage defence . 
  being inside the single market is not the same as signing a fta . 
  the market integration and access is much lower and corresponding cost higher . 
  zero . 
  spot on really . 
  closing the borders especially would itself cost 10s of billions per year and that 's entirely ignoring the cost to trade and economic activity . 
  as i recall the trade cost would be something like 100 billion per year . 
  saudi arabia is accepting syrian refugees ? 
  wow , the germans are still very positive ( compared to other countries , e.g. 
  in the uk we only have ~ 35k asylum requests per year and even that is an issue ) about the refugees if this polling is accurate then . 
  i would still consider 200,000 per year a very large number , and 66 % seemingly supports this .
