  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/a/aa/intra-eu_trade_balance_by_member_state%2c_2013_%28eur_1_000_million%29.png ), 
  recently ? 
  i doubt it , but if you have statistics . 
  i know there is a large polish community in america , but they are second generation poles that emigrated to america long ago . 
  the uk polish population increased 11 fold in just 12 years . 
  that 's a massive increase , around 50,000 per year . 
  the issue you 're looking for is dependency ratio , and yes having more kids is very important for supporting the older generations . 
  the alternative is immigration , but that 's not as effective and leads to worse problems in the long term . 
  [ growth is looking sluggish in the years ahead for italy . 
  ] ( https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2015/02/weodata/weorept.aspx?pr.x=48&amp;pr.y=11&amp;sy=2013&amp;ey=2020&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;c=156%2c158%2c132%2c112%2c134%2c111%2c136&amp;s=ngdp_rpch&amp;grp=0&amp;a= ) the only economy in the g7 predicted to grow slower over the next 5 years is japan . 
  on the plus side , at least you 're not in recession any more . 
  low population , rich , and more left wing inclined politically generally means you 're going to top most lists . 
  if any of those qualities are missing , they 're probably not going to . 
  it 's probably to do with numbers , i sincerely doubt america has anywhere near the number of recent polish immigrants germany and the uk has per capita . 
  for example , in 2001 there were just 61,000 people resident in the uk that were born in poland . 
  after the 2004 enlargement this number has increased to 688,000 by 2013 . 
  poles are now the second largest foreign-born population in the uk after those born in india . 
  if i 'm honest i 've only heard of 4 of them : lawrence of arabia , l\u00e9on , the hunt and the good the bad and the ugly . 
  my favourite of those is the last one , although i have n't actually seen l\u00e9on or the hunt . 
  wow , that 's one crazy big cave !, 
  in the uk the largest that i know of is [ gaping gill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaping_gill ) in north yorkshire . 
  yup, 
  i think bae is well known , but probably one of the few european brands that is . 
  airbus is well known too of course but they also do commercial stuff , they 're not purely a defense contractor . 
  i agree with you in the case of smaller countries within europe , but it makes far more sense for the larger ones to build the military equipment themselves rather than buy from the us . 
  yes , indeed , innocent until proven guilty . 
  until they 're sentenced it 's just conjecture . 
   everybody agrees that statutory rape has been committed no they do n't , not unless someone has been charged and sentenced for such acts . 
  cheers , yeah i agree the scots are more inclined to stay , but by how much varies depending on the poll . 
  the one i linked was probably the most thorough one to date , around 10,000 people were polled as i recall . 
  however it did use a methodology that is n't the same as with standard polls . 
  it did n't ask for a yes or no response , but rather how likely you were to vote to leave or remain . 
  either way , it would be a close referendum again i think . 
  they estimate he has a net worth around $ 40 billion . 
  some of that is siphoned from the state , some of it taken from oligarchs as tribute for not sanctioning them . 
  realistically however he 's more wealthy than this , because he essentially controls everything in russia and can do anything he wants . 
  he 's not going to step down , at least not without appointing someone he controls first ( like medvedev ) . 
  whoever comes after is n't going to want to rock the boat , as then the same may happen to him one day . 
  well , unless that person is actually committed to proper democracy and reform in russia , then something might happen . 
  that was mainly due to potential political interference in monetary institutions as well as a more interventionist fiscal policy . 
  it was n't to do with growth , which they said would continue to be strong . 
  i think it 's likely , it depends on whether scottish brexit supporters are also independence supporters . 
  i 'd probably say most of them are n't , as it is the older generation that is for brexit while it is the younger generation that is for independence . 
  [ lord ashcroft did a large amount of polling on this issue ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/166959d30b142a6ea7a09b2dd4ca566d.png ) and found the scottish view to not be all that dissimilar to the other regions of the uk , which is why i say it 's not guaranteed to work this way . 
  it will push younger voters to want independence , but they already did to begin with . 
  i do n't want to be in a monetary union without fiscal union , that 's the problem with the eurozone . 
  if the scots leave they 'll have to use their own currency . 
  i 'd rather neither . 
  such a shitty circumstance , russia could be incredibly wealthy if they just had competent leadership that actually gave a fuck . 
  imagine if somewhere like germany or the uk had russia 's oil wealth . 
  i suppose the western example is norway although they 're pretty small . 
  my position on the refugees is centre right , it 's inline with most western conservative parties in europe . 
  yet my view is considered far left by most people on here . 
  the common view towards refugees on here is very much far right territory . 
  look at the cdu over the last 5 years and there has been barely any change either . 
  you would have to go back 10 + years to see change like we saw over 5 years multiple times . 
  perhaps they 're good on other issues ? 
  usually parties have their focus that they 're respected in . 
  do n't know about hungarian politics to say what that may be for the socialist party though !, 
  the only downside to our way of doing things is it provides good material for the daily mail readers to get outraged at `` light '' sentences . 
  then again many of them would n't be happy with anything less than hanging . 
  miyazaki dubs are better than the original japanese voice actors imo . 
  yep . 
  german politics seems fairly static . 
  [ compare to how voting intention changed in the uk between 2010 and 2015 . 
  it was the same on / r/ukpolitics and / r/unitedkingdom . 
  actually slightly worse , 1 % if i recall correctly . 
  in that case , i would n't be surprised if it died down as long as they sort out the numbers arriving . 
  i 'd presume they will get something sorted this year , otherwise it really will be a big issue in 2017 . 
   neither can a state parliament change an international treaty unilaterally , do you see a democratic defecit in that ? 
  yes , although international treaties generally are not that impactful and countries can just leave them if they want to , or ignore them as there is no enforcement mechanism . 
   it 's basic constitutional law that bodies can not change the legal documents that established them in the same wat they pass other law . 
  constitutions generally require a supermajority to change , if that was the case in the eu there would n't be any criticism on this front . 
   the parliament is instrumental in creating secondary law , which is a huge majority of what eu does and is . 
  it 's strikingly inaccurate to call it powerless because of a logical conclusion of principles of international law . 
  i agree it 's not powerless , there are many things that can be changed by qmv , but it is powerless to change the treaties . 
  i do n't know afd views on welfare and social issues but women in the uk tend to vote more for labour than conservative . 
  i would presume this is because women rely vastly more on the welfare state than men do . 
  did n't germany switch to coal ? 
  that was my impression at least . 
  i 'm not sure about this . 
  was the refugee situation in the news in germany in 2014 ? 
  for instance in 2014 there were 200,000 applicants for asylum in germany , between 2010 and 2014 there were more applicants than in 2015 , so the numbers of refugees was already high in germany going back years . 
  well it was n't news in 2014 as i recall when there were 200,000 asylum applications in germany . 
  in 2015 there were 480,000 applicants , so a much larger number , and it became news . 
  if the numbers stay similar it may stay in the news , but i think that 's unlikely and the eu will find a solution to reduce the numbers . 
  not to mention what can a far right party even do on the subject of the refugees anyway aside from permanently suspending schengen . 
  without internal eu borders , any country is at the whim of those on the borders of the eu . 
  do people realise this ? 
  are they happy with getting rid of schengen ? 
  it ca n't change the eu treaties . 
  as someone pointed out on here the other day , that 's the main and legitimate democratic deficit within the eu structure . 
  it 's difficult to change without transferring more national sovereignty to the eu institutions though . 
  you can think of it like having a national constitution , and to change that constitution every single member of parliament must agree on the changes . 
  we do n't have a written constitution with clearly laid out procedures . 
  parliament can change whatever they want via simple majority . 
  i do n't trust british democracy at all . 
  we use one of the worst voting systems possible . 
  we also have no constitution so parliament can do whatever the hell they want via simple majority with no respect for what came before . 
  if anyone thinks to leave the eu is actually going to improve workers rights in the uk with the conservatives in power ( or anyone 's rights for that matter ) they 're having a laugh .
