  the welfare charge for eu migrants and service costs will be far higher , simply because they come in numbers ten , twenty times higher . 
  the number of crimes committed by these migrants will be higher , including the number of sexual assaults as well . 
  the fact they 're in the ` calais jungle ' to begin with would suggest they do n't actually want to be in france . 
  yes , i realise this , yet i do n't see how changing the refugee convention would solve these problems ? 
  if we want to create deportation agreements with other countries ( libya , turkey et al. ), 
  that should be done separately not under some international umbrella ( which no one would agree to anyway ) . 
  this is the effective rate though , not the headline rate . 
  for instance , in 2011 the headline rate in the uk was 26 % not 18.5 % . 
  sure , providing said border countries agree . 
  they 're obviously not going to do it for free . 
  did n't the turkey agreement cost billions and we still have to accept hundreds of thousands anyway ? 
  they 're perfectly suitable . 
  the issue is states are n't controlling their borders . 
  i ca n't see how the convention should be changed ? 
  that 's really beside the point when the person is already in germany and your only choice is to try and deport them to afghanistan or not . 
  it 's questionable how beneficial they are because they 're not filling skills shortages . 
  i would agree with you for people going through the visa process , but for others ( i.e. 
  all eu nationals ) it 's not necessarily the case . 
  do you want to remove freedom of movement within the eu ? 
  the refugee crisis is inconsequential as far as immigration is concerned in most countries . 
  plus the fact that the majority of immigrants are themselves or their countrymen , not refugees . 
  last year in the uk we received 636,000 immigrants , 265,000 of which were from the eu . 
  the number of refugees is absolutely tiny in comparison , around 25,000 pa. 
  the refugee crisis is rather inconsequential as far as the issue of immigration is concerned . 
  the main issue is the eu itself and the freedom of movement , which i 'm sure most of the people on here support . 
  you 're talking about other europeans as the main immigrant demographic i hope ? 
  you are really overestimating the cost of the military . 
  the uk spends 2.1 % of gdp , germany spends 1.3 % of gdp on their military . 
  i hardly think the .8 % gdp difference in spending is turning a country away from being a `` progressive paradise '' . 
  germany could decide to spend the same as the uk and they would n't need to cut very much , indeed in 2014 they had a budget surplus of 0.7 % of gdp , so they could do it without cutting anything . 
  to think germany actually has a much smaller budget than most northern european economies too . 
  you think it 's going to make much difference in say finland , when government spending is 58 % of gdp , whether or not they 're spend 2 % on the military or not ? 
  it is chump change in the grand scheme of things for northern european economies . 
  of course , things are different in america to a certain extent due to lower government spending ( around 35 % of gdp ) but you 're still heavily overestimating the cost of the military . 
  sure , just check [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_wages_by_country ) you 're right , it 's not comparable , e. european countries should destroy your economy even more because they can freely move to your country and work there . 
  yet it has n't destroyed our economies , and industry is doing fine . 
  you say that , but poles working in britain send back # 3 billion per year to poland . 
  have you actually watched american news media ? 
  what we have is way better quality journalism . 
  spot on , for a long time it had a labour bias , now it 's gone the other way . 
  when labours back in power it will swing back again . 
  that being said , this is n't a major bias either way , i would still count the bbc as one of the most impartial news sources . 
  it would probably be more than # 6k , due to more revenue from higher earners in tax take and yes it would be enough provided housing benefit remains . 
  ideally i 'd like to see a payout that allows housing benefit to be removed though . 
  not sure that would be viable with current tax rates though . 
  sure , as i said , the uk is already paying out around # 6k pa on average per household purely on cash benefits . 
  one of the letters is arguing that yes ( specifically [ this ] ( http://www.convivial-politics-could-save-the-world.com/citizens-income.html ) website ) , but that 's a different issue really , separate from the idea of a ubi . 
  you already share a market with countries that have substantially lower costs , yet you 're doing well i think ? 
  i mean some eastern european states have lower minimum wages than china ... 
  of course , all trade deals do . 
  the idea is that the end result is better overall for both parties , but of course still bad for some . 
  to be honest , i do n't have much of an issue with western tax regimes . 
  no i 'm not ? 
  i did n't say anything about changing the tax policies in the west . 
  as far as i 'm aware progressive taxation is a pretty accepted position in western capitalist countries . 
  i do n't put any value on it because the uk does n't have a shortage of people wanting to live here . 
  if poland was n't in the eu the ones that want to come work here could apply for visas . 
  this would actually work much better for the uk because we could choose to only accept those with the skills we need as a country instead of anyone with a european passport . 
  also , this is another transfer of wealth i should add . 
  polish citizens send back around # 3 billion per year from the uk economy to poland to help their families at home . 
  good thing i 'm not arguing for communism then . 
  sure , and they would do fine without it , but of course they do better with it . 
  the basic income idea does n't have to change anything . 
  in the uk we already give # 6k per household in cash benefits on average . 
  for most taxpayers 30-40 % of that would be recouped in taxes under a ubi so the average amount given could be much higher than # 6k and be revenue neutral . 
  which is as it should be , they make most of the money !, 
  of course they do , do you think they would make the same profit if they set up their business in somalia ? 
  they benefit from the legal institutions , military enforcement and protection , as well as the infrastructure provided by the state far more than anyone else . 
  without those protections in place they would not make the profit that they do . 
  not only do they benefit from the base institutions but they benefit from the human capital created by those institutions . 
  a society that actively pushes down individuals and discourages social mobility is n't going to be good for anyone . 
   their economies will improve and catch up yes , with western money and western capital . 
  perhaps some rich people in the west benefit by being able to buy some polish business , but as a regular guy i do n't really give a crap about that . 
  yes they should , because they 're the ones benefitting the most from the systems put in place . 
  their income of course has less marginal value the more they earn as well . 
  the propaganda is welcome though , western people need to hear from those that have actually experienced what it 's like to live under isis rule . 
  some may not believe anyone else . 
  how could it possibly be bad for netherlands ? 
  is n't it just a free trade agreement essentially ? 
  ireland has lower per capita gdp than america , that 's why i did n't include them . 
  why is that surprising ? 
  drc has a population of 82 million but a nominal gdp of $ 36 billion . 
  just because a country is big does n't mean it is wealthy . 
  switzerland is of course at the other end of the spectrum , with a nominal gdp more than 3 times portugal but with a smaller population . 
  in ppp terms russia is much larger , just slightly behind germany and ahead of france / uk . 
  i do n't know much about this deal , but do the member states have to sign off on it ? 
  if so , and they agree , can the executive ( commission ) then sign off on visa free travel later without asking the member states , or would that have to go through them again ? 
  yep , that 's why i said the smaller ones lol , i was n't disagreeing with your overall point . 
  i mean the countries like luxembourg , monaco , switzerland . 
  yet house prices are what they are , ridiculous . 
  depends which countries you 're talking about , the smaller ones are pretty rich . 
   this would be ignoring that we could face further crises in the future . 
  that 's inevitable , but your national debt will act as a cushion to shield people . 
  it 's not like germany would n't be fine with much higher levels of debt , and besides i was n't suggesting growing your debt further or even keeping it stable , just that there is no need to reduce it at such a ridiculously fast rate . 
  especially when as you said , growth does n't seem to be that good in germany or the ez as a whole at the moment ( 1.9 % growth is pretty shitty ) . 
   unlike you , we are expecting a severe drop in the number of people in working age in the near future . 
  millions of people . 
  unless we see extreme increases in productivity ( which seem unlikely to happen ) , we will not be able to balance this out and will go into decline . 
  immigration alone wo n't be able to balance this out .
