  he has also written for other polish newspapers such as gazeta wyborcza , wprost , poland today and spot on . 
  his commentaries have been cited by washington post , foreign policy and stratfor . 
  he is currently conducting phd research on ethnic identity in nigerian politics . 
  why is it relevant he has written in other polish newspapers ? 
  does that somehow make his opinion less valid ? 
  if you 're referring to the party i think a fair amount will be on the leave side either way but the party leadership and the majority will be for staying ( some shadow cabinet mps will be for leaving though ) . 
  in terms of the public , i think they 'll trust what cameron has to say , so it depends on how he sells it . 
  if it 's not before summer ( i.e. 
  the months you said it wo n't be in ) then it will be in 2017 most likely , depending on whether there is a refugee crisis in 2016 . 
  the best time from the remain pov ( which is what cameron is aiming towards ) is probably early-mid 2016 . 
  late 2016 would be negative due to the refugee crisis , and 2017 would be negative because it 's midterm and people might vote out just to spite the conservatives and cameron . 
  to be honest , that would n't be nearly the problem that it is if the borders were properly policed . 
  the uk does n't have an issue with refugees for instance . 
  there 's also no guarantee that military involvement would either be cheaper or lead to a better outcome . 
  to be honest i do n't really like the idea of the uk acting like world police . 
  if america wants to get involved in these conflicts that 's their prerogative , but for us it 's too expensive imo . 
  defend our nato allies if need be but let everyone else solve their own problems ( outside of genocide i guess ) . 
  that 's not the relationship we had/have with ukraine , and at least in the uk the population was heavily against military involvement . 
  his post has been completely buried after only 2 hrs . 
  so much for the right wanting to discuss immigration . 
  immigration is an issue for people because they love finding something or someone to blame . 
  if they 're unemployed , immigration , if social services are shit , immigration , if wages are n't rising quite as high as they used to , immigration . 
  it 's a way of removing responsibility . 
  governments love it as an issue too because they can blame everything on someone else . 
  housing shortage ? 
  oh it 's the immigrants , has absolutely nothing to do with government policy . 
  struggling social services ? 
  oh has absolutely nothing to do with the fact we 've cut the government budget by 15 % over the last 5 years . 
  well , you say that , but germany has had a budget deficit for [ most of the last 20 years !, 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/c05f902daa8523459f8174772f32604f.png ) the rhetoric has changed a lot since the financial crisis though in europe . 
  it 's all austerity austerity austerity now . 
  never , the german government does n't need to balance their budget to reduce their debt . 
  at the moment they could maintain a deficit of 1 % and it would still fall . 
  they could aim for it i guess ( which may result either in deficit or surplus depending on growth and revenue ) , but if they 're serious about hitting the target they would have to aim for a surplus instead . 
  hopefully the latter , holding back spending right now makes very little sense . 
  according to who ? 
  if the reforms really need to be made they 'll be made . 
  i do n't see why it has to be an issue that parties need to work together , this is better democracy not worse . 
  it 's an american paper , it 's safe to assume they mean fahrenheit . 
  if it was anywhere else it would be celcius . 
  now now , we do have a lot of polish people living in the uk !, 
  they tend to speak at least two languages ... sometimes . 
  this is the issue really . 
  there is n't a problem with the 1951 convention , the issue is the eu letting these people in to begin with when they 're not leaving a warzone directly . 
  hungary is no more obligated to accept refugees coming via serbia than the uk is obligated to accept refugees in the camps in calais . 
  the only potential issue i can see is sea borders , but land borders really are not a problem that needs to be solved by changing international treaties . 
  that 's alright , either the work will get outsourced or it will just pay more . 
  to be honest i do n't really think of any country as a threat . 
  it would n't make any difference , because the eu does n't need more military . 
  that 's the case for any countries in europe with a substantial us military presence . 
  well not the island part but the latter at least . 
  to be honest i would n't give a crap if america withdrew all forces from europe . 
  most people would get bored eventually . 
  you might volunteer or do a job that pays less that is more fulfilling though . 
  well to be fair the uk is bombarded by misleading and often false anti eu propaganda constantly in the papers for years . 
  personally i think there needs to be some sort of fact checking agency and watchdog that decides what sort of advertising can be used by both sides . 
  i do n't want to see shit like during the av referendum when organisations are allowed to suggest the choice is between saving a baby 's life or having a new voting system . 
  top kek, 
  just a follow up because i 'm at my pc now , so i have some figures for you . 
  via a post i made 5 months ago ( so presumably accurate to q2 2015 ) uk gdp per capita growth ( ppp ) between the lowest point in 2009 and `` today '' ( q2 2015 ) was 4.9 % while in germany growth has been 11.4 % . 
  between 2009 and 2012 germany saw growth of 8 % while the uk saw growth of 1.9 % !, 
  kinda staggering how shit we did 2009-2012 to be honest , and how far we still are behind germany !, 
  even france saw way better growth 2009-2012 , although i believe we have overtaken them in growth since then . 
  we are now , but 2009-2012 europe did amazing , so well we still have n't caught up with some economies . 
  uk almost went into recession in 2012 for instance . 
  that 's factually incorrect . 
  2009-2012 britain performed horribly . 
  as i recall uk growth since 2009 is still worse per capita than germany and the us . 
  uk growth now and i believe since 2013 was decent though . 
  hamas is a terrorist organisation that purposefully targets civilians with their weapons . 
  the weathers shit . 
  the cost of living ridiculous . 
  the people are alright though . 
  it will be more than 500 euros , even in the uk the avg welfare payment per year is # 6k pa. . we have much lower levels of spending than finland . 
  he 's using the british english use of quotation marks . 
  we use ' for actual quotes and '' for sarcasm . 
  yes and they mostly voted hdp not akp ? 
  [ turkish provinces with majority kurdish population ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/32a68d88c669ad62b88fcc2b3d38ea06.png ) and [ winning party by province . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/e6c8b344bbfa8e3eafd6921fee492fb4.png ) there was only two provinces where hdp did n't get a majority . 
  they also got majorities even in some non-kurdish majority provinces too . 
  the dublin regulation is n't in force in many western countries , due to conditions in border countries . 
  it obviously only applies to people that are registered . 
  either way it does n't effect their refugee classification . 
  are you asking for the technical definition or what people think ? 
  because if you 're asking the former you 're wrong , and if you 're asking the latter well that 's a matter of opinion . 
  the 1951 refugee convention defines a refugee as : * `` a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  '' * i mean it should be fairly obvious the definition you 're using is wrong no ? 
  otherwise these people would n't be able to gain asylum in the eu or anywhere . 
  i should point out that these people have n't claimed asylum in turkey and other places that they come from . 
  so they 're not actually protected by any state as they would be had they claimed asylum . 
  read more [ here . 
  you forgot costume dramas . 
  we open them at 10am on christmas day in our family, 
  a rather disproportionately large number of immigrants are coming from romania and bulgaria though . 
  for instance eu2 citizens account for 22 % of total eu migration to the uk , eu8 accounts for 29 % and eu15 countries account for 47 % . 
  total immigration between q1 2014 and q1 2015 was 53,000 . 
  see [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/august-2015/stb-msqr-august-2015.html#tab-immigration-to-the-uk ) note that many uk citizens would like to reduce total net immigration to the uk to the `` 10s of thousands '' . 
  edit : another point , with more recent data from [ here ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/november-2015/stb-msqr-november-2015.html#tab-immigration-to-the-uk ) you can see that large numbers of eu2/eu8 immigrants come to the uk without work . 
  this means they 're more directly in competition with uk workers for jobs , and probably more likely to end up relying on the uk welfare state without contributing properly .
