  surely russia shares some of the blame ? 
  how about america ? 
  turkish government is a joke ... 
  a quota for refugees is ridiculous and probably is against international law . 
  the ideal solution here is just to police your borders though , austria is under no obligation to accept refugees into their country from wherever they 're coming from . 
  saying that , western countries should not be setting refugee quotas in this way , it sets a really bad precedent . 
  imagine for instance your country is opposite another country . 
  inside that country there is a genocide ongoing and your government refuses to accept refugees . 
  that 's the kind of thing this is supposed to stop , and why they should just deal with this how you 're supposed to deal with it , by policing the border properly !, 
  i 'm saying the media spin situations to suit their readers preconceptions . 
  that 's how all journalism works . 
  stories about refugees sell papers . 
  there 's a lot of bigots in the uk ( our papers are always reporting on this crap ) that like to have their stereotypes confirmed . 
  how is the media like in your country ? 
  this a western phenomenon perhaps . 
  you can compare this to the `` no go zones '' reported in the american media i guess . 
  they are bombing the ypg , i 'm not sure hostile is the right word . 
  if anything turkey is helping isis by bombing the ypg , as well as warning the ypg not to attack isis ( west of euphrates ) or they will bomb them more ... 
  the turkish state is indiscriminately bombing kurds in syria , as well as funding fundamentalist islamists that are fighting them . 
  this is a war , during war people die , that 's just how it is . 
  how about the islamists in syria the turkish state is funding and actively helping ? 
  indeed 25 kg per year is not much at all !, 
  the refugee convention does n't require the eu to accept anyone . 
  spot on . 
  immigration is always blamed , but the true fault is with the politicians . 
  they promote population increasing policies while at the same time will not provide services ( not just housing , but all public services are under heavy strain ) to sustain that population . 
  case in point , around 1.7 million households are still waiting for a council house , yet the government decides we need to reduce the number of council houses . 
  he covered this . 
   we simply do not have the houses and are too incompetent to build more . 
  it really is a political problem . 
  the majority of voters are homeowners , and this is especially high among tory voters ( current government ) so there is not the political will to solve the problem as it would mean : 1 . 
  house prices falling , this is bad for those that own their home . 
  views being destroyed / communities being broken up . 
  people buy a house in the country because they want to be in the country , they do n't want the city to come to them . 
  the russian airstrikes are allowing the saa and sdf to start taking back territory from isis / hardline islamists ( ahrar / jan , there is no real moderate forces left in northern aleppo ) . 
  meanwhile turkey is shelling the one fighting force ( sdf ) that has actually had the most success against isis . 
  this is to stop the sdf taking control of jan controlled territory of all places . 
  i mean i 'm no fan of russia , but the us dropped the ball here so russia took the reigns . 
  better sdf take control of these areas than hardline islamists that have no interest at all in fighting isis . 
  it 's rather amusing really , the islamists are actually starting to lose and all the gulf states and turkey are coming out and saying `` we must get involved now !, 
  we must defeat isis ! '', 
  all of a sudden . 
  they do n't give a fuck about isis ( where was this talk of invasion in 2014/15 ? ), 
  they just want to protect their islamist groups that they 've been funding since the civil war began . 
  i was referring to airstrikes , but it seems you 're right about the artillery . 
  yea shops do n't like # 50 bills here either , when i worked in retail a while ago we would always check it multiple times because there are issues around counterfeit currency and large notes . 
  they were n't bombing isis before then either really . 
  russia has been bombing both isis and the rebel-held areas heavily ( but more so the latter ) . 
  the last russian strike against isis was 4 days ago in al bab . 
  criminals . 
  in the uk the largest note you will ever see is # 50 and even that is rare . 
  500 euros is just ridiculous . 
  even with negative interest rates it 's not going to be worth converting to cash . 
  the hassle is n't worth it . 
  you should n't keep much money in your current account anyway . 
  people in the uk are more accepting of using cards i think . 
  my parents still pay for things with cash though i do n't understand it ... 
  there 's always cryptocurrency . 
  yea that was my understanding as well , just did n't want to mention it as i was n't sure . 
  it will be interesting to see if they carry on attacking the sdf once the rebels in n. aleppo are conquered and they 're just fighting isis . 
  pretty hard to justify i think as they 're essentially working for isis at that point . 
  then again , they 're already essentially working for jan ( al-nusra ) . 
  turkey has n't been carrying out bombing attacks against isis for months to my knowledge . 
  their support for the conflict against isis is mostly contained to allowing coalition forces to station their aircraft on turkish soil . 
  wow , i did not realise germany is as densely populated as the uk , this is quite surprising . 
  that requires them to cooperate , turkey is n't cooperating and why should they ? 
  there 's a lot of very nationalistic and very paranoid polish users on this sub . 
  you see it whenever any topic about germany comes up . 
  about how they can not be trusted and other such bullshit . 
  you still charge them taxes though , no escaping that !, 
  that 's probably a distance thing though surely , the uk is tiny in comparison so it 's easier for them to guarantee 1 day delivery . 
  i should imagine most of europe has this . 
  in the uk we can get same day delivery via amazon as well iirc . 
  do n't most countries have this ? 
  one day is not that fast . 
  england was pretty centralised early on i think , much more so than france or any other european state . 
  `` italy '' did n't exist at that point , the northern states were part of the hre . 
  same for germany , that did n't exist as a unified state until the 19th century . 
  the hre was a sort of decentralised empire , and nothing like today 's unified states or like france / england during that time period . 
  to be honest if you 're going to do something like what they do every day you probably have to take the health aspects seriously . 
  like porn i guess , things are pretty serious there too . 
   then again , i 'm not scared of just wearing a jumper in the house when it 's cold and my flats insulation is pretty good . 
  there 's your answer . 
  i used to live in a flat , i would never have heating on at all . 
  i would open my window in winter and wear shorts / t shirt around the house . 
  now i live in an old victorian house and unless i spend a fortune on heating i have to cover myself with blankets , occasionally wear a hat , have a hot water bottle permanently stuck to my chest etc. 
  sooner i move out of here and into another modern flat the better ... 
  yes that page is fine ( i 've used it a fair bit in the past ) , but this graphic is just terrible for this kind of data . 
  this was awesome and supported all my preconceptions about certain countries . 
  the us being overly aggressive and unwilling to backdown , russia the same , the germans not willing to commit to anything , the british and french in between the two . 
  i supported all the agreed actions in the show too which is encouraging . 
  well this is a pretty terrible way to represent data . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  we passed you guys when we started including drugs and hookers in our gdp . 
  you need to up your game !, 
  if your choice is between greece , turkey , lebanon and jordan , i know where i would choose . 
  bear is mind greece is the only country on that list actually providing asylum too . 
  better in greece than turkey / lebanon / jordan tbh . 
  at least greece will actually give them asylum and within time they 'll be able to travel elsewhere inside the eu . 
  in short i doubt it will kill the flow .
