  that 's not how our political system works . 
  it allows certain voting blocs huge sway over a country 's politics . 
  governments do n't need to compromise much and they only need ~ 35 % of the vote to actually get a majority . 
  it 's not great for democracy to be honest . 
  immigration really does n't have a large effect on the vast majority of peoples lives to be honest . 
  the issue is tremendously overstated on here . 
  i like their power sharing political system but i 'm not entirely convinced on direct democracy initiatives . 
  the kind of stuff that get 's proposed to our parliament to debate is often totally idiotic , and if you look at public polling on many issues people really do n't have a clue . 
  it 's not a mainstream opinion in europe , but there are a lot of genuine far right users on here that think we should all have massive military spending and show of force against russia . 
  it 's a mild form of fascism i suppose . 
  not necessarily , if they chose to instead move major operations into poland seeing as it 's more strategically placed than germany . 
  i do n't think the us is keen on that though as building new bases is really expensive . 
  i 'm referring to american troops stationed in germany . 
  there are 10s of thousands stationed there . 
  bear in mind you 're replying to someone called muricanpatriot . 
  this kind of strongman nationalism is quite important to the americans . 
  i 'm not sure they would , perhaps if we were talking about the baltics but poland does n't even border mainland russia . 
  perhaps there will be more troops stationed in kaliningrad i suppose . 
  only on issues of foreign policy are they out of tune with the plp as well as on benefits with the country . 
  let 's not suggest the conservatives are in tune on everything either , their numbers are good but they 're not * that * good . 
  if troops were moved east they would come from germany . 
  this would take billions out of the german economy . 
  it 's not exactly surprising they would not back such a move . 
  we got invaded by a load of users from racist subreddits a few months ago . 
  just try to avoid the immigration discussions or those pertaining to islam . 
  they make sense either way for countries within schengen . 
  if they do n't want to take part i guess perhaps the option should be there to leave schengen . 
  i disagree that everyone needs to agree , they signed the treaties that put forward the procedure for qmv . 
  if they did n't agree with qmv then they should n't have agreed to the treaties , they should have negotiated opt-outs . 
  quotas make a lot of sense , but only if the borders are controlled . 
  it does n't make sense to simply allow refugees to cross via the balkans route , but it does make sense to share those that have to be taken arriving in italy ( the ones arriving in greece should be sent back to turkey ) . 
  ideally the ones coming via the med should be sent back too , although that 's not really feasible at the current time . 
  if greece tells turkey that they have an roe that means if turkey flies into greek airspace they will shoot them down , and turkish planes are warned multiple times not to , then yes they would be well within their rights to shoot said plane ( s ) down . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the primary reason they shot down the jet was because it was n't identifying itself . 
  if it had identified as russian we may not be in this situation . 
   russian bombing turkish backed rebels i 'd have sympathy if they were bombing al-nusra ( which turkey is backing ) , but it seems the area they were bombing in this instance was held by the syrian opposition forces . 
  we have the same problem now with wahhabism and salafist mosques in western europe . 
  our free speech laws are just allowing these authoritative and conservative ideologies to grow . 
  at least in the uk , the opinion is that the immigration is n't worth the expense because even without the eu doctors would still want to come here . 
  it 's not like without the eu no doctors will leave romania or elsewhere in eastern europe . 
  as i said , i ca n't find any evidence the current president has a problem with the situation , in fact , relations between the uk and cyprus seem to be really good . 
  he also supported the annan plan , which allowed the uk to retain the sovereign base areas . 
  some do , some do n't , the current government does n't i believe . 
  those poverty figures are shocking , income inequality in eastern europe must be huge . 
  most european countries are n't in recession , some are even growing pretty fast . 
  i agree with the article though , but i think it 's not only europe that is going to have issues with technological unemployment . 
  many jobs are just going to become too intellectually challenging for large swathes of the population . 
  uk tax havens are actually the biggest issue ( not specifically for starbucks , but for tax evasion & avoidance in general ) , and the uk government [ could deal with it ] ( http://www.taxresearch.org.uk/blog/2015/02/07/what-if-the-uks-tax-havens-ignore-ed-milibands-threat/ ) if they wanted to . 
  ed miliband actually threatened to , but he lost the general election & the conservatives are n't ever going to harm the interests of the wealthy . 
  so we 're fucked basically , there 's too much money & special interests involved . 
  if you 're worried about security , we 'd be better off putting more money into domestic counter-terrorism forces ( more than they already are ) . 
  if you 're looking to save lives , we 're better off cutting money from the military & putting it into healthcare . 
  the amount of people that actually die from terrorism is absolutely minute everywhere in the world that is n't a war zone . 
  bombing is most definitely not the best value for money as far as uk defense is concerned . 
  the problem is , syria is a multi-pronged war , take away land from isis and give it to someone else and that will have an effect on the power balance within the region . 
  this could prolong the civil war , or change the result to be more negative , and result in a worse situation than before we decided to bomb . 
  you should watch [ spooks ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0160904/ ) ( called mi-5 outside the uk ) , you will really like it i think . 
  how much of occupied is english ? 
  percentage wise i mean . 
  i find coffee on an empty stomach way worse than coke , which actually is n't a problem at all !, 
  i think it 's the acidity of coffee though not the caffeine . 
  the hospitals already manage great with the money they have . 
  they could do better , but it would need a lot of investment , especially in it & we 've seen [ in the past ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nhs_connecting_for_health ) how disastrous that can go . 
  if the government wants them to stay within the budget they would have to accept longer waiting times , and drops in the standard of care . 
  they should be upfront with the public about that although i do n't think they would win an election if they were . 
  as for agency staff , i do n't understand the bone you have to pick with them . 
  the reason agency staff are required is because , in a shorthanded approach to saving money they cut huge amounts of staff , which then became employed by agencies . 
  if there was n't such a staff shortage hospitals would n't need agency staff . 
  as to healthcare expenditure in general , we spent a tiny amount on our healthcare compared to [ most developed economies ] ( https://embed.gyazo.com/c6abee19931aac64925719d33324a795.png ) : america spends 2.5 x as much , 1.6 x in canada , 1.6 x sweden , 2.7 x norway , 1.7 x australia , 1.1 x nz , 1.4 x france , 2.6 x switzerland , 1.4 x germany . 
  the bma have n't walked away from negotiating , hunt has said he categorically wo n't negotiate on the vast majority of points in contention . 
  it is the government that is refusing to negotiate not doctors . 
  furthermore , the main issue is banding , i.e. 
  when doctors work longer hours than contractually required they are paid overtime pay increasing the more hours they work . 
  this works to disincentivize hospital trusts from overworking doctors . 
  this banding is being removed under the new scheme which will not only mean less pay , it will mean more hours , and more unsociable hours . 
  as to nhs budget deficits , that 's a treasury issue . 
  they 're not putting in the funding required . 
  you ca n't just put in inflation-adjusted increases in the budget & expect the service to cope when our population is aging every year . 
  by another thatcherite nonetheless . 
  market forces do n't account for carbon costs . 
  i welcome the expansion of the air force , but i ca n't help but think we 're going headlong into another war with no plan on how to finish it . 
  seems like a pattern with western intervention , bomb first , ask questions later . 
  using more renewable electricity would n't stop us having blackouts , it does n't provide baseload capacity , the government has to build power plants in reserve for all energy produced , it 's totally bonkers . 
  what 's your opinion on [ the roadmap ] ( http://pbadupws.nrc.gov/docs/ml1434/ml14345a596.pdf ) created by some stanford scientists for the us to go 100 % renewable by 2050 ? 
  the government estimates that by 2025 60 gwe of new net generating capacity will be required . 
  of that 60 gwe 35 gwe will come from renewables , leaving 25 gwe to come from conventional energy sources . 
  of that 25 gwe , a significant amount , around 16 gwe will come from nuclear . 
  *** so that leaves 9 gwe that will come from gas , or in percentage terms 15 % of new electricity capacity . 
  *** in short , let 's not get alarmist , the vast majority of our new energy will come from low carbon production sources . 
  the biggest priority is getting rid of the near 23 gwe of coal we still use , this is 24 % of total generating capacity . 
  even replacing those plants with gas power stations would mean a massive reduction in carbon emissions , and wo n't totally blow up our electricity costs like renewables potentially will . 
  that 's all well & good but due to schengen member states gun policies have an effect on all states within schengen . 
  hence such laws need to be passed to protect all eu citizens . 
  this has nothing to do with hampering defenses . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  if people want to own firearms this does n't stop them doing so . 
  honestly you do n't need to be against gun legislation for the sake of it . 
  we already have a base in cyprus we can fly from , not sure an aircraft carrier is really required tbh . 
  it would only be marginally closer . 
  we can probably use the french carrier if need be too i guess , assuming our craft can land on it .
