  this would hit fdi , trade and growth throughout the eu . 
  i agree that certain things should be voluntary within the eu ( justice and home affairs ( schengen ) , ecthr ) , but as a trade union it makes total sense . 
   knowledge box . 
  is that a patent box scheme ? 
  low corporate taxes on patents ? 
  a lot of growth , or capacity shall we say , has simply been lost permanently due to austerity policies post-crisis . 
  governments really have n't dealt with this problem well , and they 're still not dealing with it now . 
  you would expect higher than normal growth after a recession , but this has simply not happened almost anywhere in europe . 
  governments should be spending essentially . 
  cutting taxes or giving people free money is n't reliable because if they 're worried about the economy situation they 'll just save it . 
  fiscal policy is the solution but governments have been reluctant to use it . 
  the post world war one depression was the worst we 've ever seen , nothing else even comes close . 
  real gdp loss in 1919 was 9.9 % , in 1920 7.78 % , in 1921 10.14 % . 
  the uk economy lost ~ 25 % of its size in real terms over 3 years . 
  by comparison real gdp loss in 2009 was just 4.48 % . 
  even ww2 was nothing on this , with a loss of 5.31 % in 1945 and 4.85 % in 1944 . 
  was n't felt at all in the uk , growth in 1997 was 2.27 % , in 1998 3.7 % , 3.28 % , 3.83 % , 2.38 % , 2.16 % , 4.46 % in 2003 . 
  1973 oil crisis was nothing compared to 2008 . 
  the bank of england has a historical series with gdp growth going back to 1700 , the only years with a larger drop in gdp than 2009 in the 20th century were 1945 ( -5.31 % ) , 1944 ( -4.85 % ) , 1931 ( -4.97 % ) , 1921 ( -10.14 % ) , 1920 ( -7.78 % ) , 1919 ( -9.9 % ) . 
  2008 was by far the largest recession since ww2 , the 1973 oil crisis just caused a drop of 2.3 % in 1974 , that 's around half as much as in 2008 . 
  we recovered pretty well from that crisis too , growth in 1975 was -1.52 % , but then by 1976 it was back to business as usual at 2.82 % , 2.45 % , 3.63 % etc. 
  after 2008 ( [ and i mostly blame conservative austerity for this ] ( http://budgetresponsibility.org.uk/docs/dlm_uploads/effect-of-discretionary-policy-on-gdp-growth-final.pdf ) ) growth was terrible , 2.08 % in 2010 , 1.71 % , 0.7 % , 1.53 % . 
  so it was n't just the crisis , that was bad enough , but the recovery as well . 
  this is the issue a lot of european countries are suffering through . 
  they get whacked by the financial crisis , and then take a decade to recover instead of a few years . 
  this is true , but it 's a misunderstanding of the term austerity . 
  you 're right that this is the technical definition ( to reduce the deficit ) but generally people see austerity as something that harms poor people and the middle class . 
  if you just hit the wealthy it 's not called austerity , from a layperson 's perspective . 
  leads to protectionism , which leads to bad economic outcomes and lower efficiency . 
  jesus , that subreddit is horrific lol, 
  well everyone is whining about the eu , but if the eu did n't actually ask them to do anything about the migrant situation i 'm not sure what there is to complain about . 
  i 'm not even sure what the ` eu ' is supposed to do anyway , juncker does n't have the authority to change anything here , it 's up the member states . 
  in which case we 're all to blame . 
  did the eu blame balkan countries for something ? 
  it 's a fair point , but you ca n't control public opinion . 
  i would hope that the leaders of these countries would come to their defense . 
  i do n't know what public opinion was like pre ww2 for instance , yet the leaders still declared war on germany after the invasion of poland . 
  public opinion is definitely not always aligned and leaders have to look at the bigger picture that would result if a nato country was n't defended . 
  eh getting involved in libya was n't about defending themselves . 
  as i said , european countries are quite insular when it comes to military conflict . 
  if there was no nato/eu then eastern countries would probably go back into the russian sphere i would think over time . 
  as i said again this is quite normal , most countries are only looking at defending themselves not others . 
  that was partly it , although there was pushback in america as well . 
  you have to bear in mind that most european countries are n't interested in these conflicts . 
  their population does n't want to send in troops to deal with worldwide problems , so it 's not really surprising they wo n't commit to it . 
  the uk and france are outliers not the norm in europe . 
  that does n't mean conventional forces for other countries are n't decent enough , you do n't need to be able to invade a country on the other side of the planet to have decent conventional weapons . 
  realistically all they need these days is decent special forces to carry out small precision operations . 
  you can say this means they wo n't pull their weight , but there is no obligation for them to do so . 
  i 'm not sure we should really look down on countries because they do n't want to get involved in conflicts abroad , as i said that 's pretty normal . 
  most countries do not want to act like world police . 
  in terms of per capita commitment , it may not be as impactful in terms of the outcome on the battlefield , but it is more impactful for those at home . 
  the uk committing 45,000 troops to the invasion of iraq is much more costly in terms of cost to individuals back at home compared to the us committing 192,000 . 
  edit : i should note also that this is the norm with a hegemonic world power . 
  if we go back to the 19th century it was the uk filling the shoes the us now fills . 
  iraq intervention included the uk , poland and australia . 
  it was n't a nato intervention but it included nato countries . 
  the uk provided more troops per capita than the us did towards afghanistan last time i looked at the numbers . 
  edit : this was the case in iraq too . 
  that goes both ways , the us has n't been in a major conflict without some nato support either . 
  in terms of taking a leading role though you need to look no further than recent french intervention in mali . 
  it 's true that most european countries do n't have many capabilities to project force beyond their borders , but this is the norm , most countries do not have this power and it is not essential for self-defense . 
  why does russia always get brought up in these discussions . 
  the idea that russia would encroach on eu or nato soil is ridiculous . 
  so ridiculous that we no longer , neither the us nor the eu have militaries set up to fight a war against russia . 
  that is simply not what our forces are designed for anymore , have n't been since the end of the cold war . 
  when russia actually was a threat european military expenditure was much higher , and we had combined tens of thousands of tanks stationed ready for a ground war . 
  now most countries have like 500 max . 
  eu countries have perfectly capable conventional forces . 
  of course nothing on the scale of the us but compared to other countries , perfectly adequate . 
  the eu does n't care either , honestly . 
  the position obama put forward is the same as the eu holds , ukraine is just much more important to russia than it is the west . 
  the casualty numbers are nowhere close to syria . 
  what are you talking about . 
  french government expenditure in 2015 was 57 % of gdp ( imf figures ) while in the us it was 36 % . 
  french spending on the military was around 2 % of gdp while the us was around 3.5 % . 
  you think spending 1.5 % of gdp more on the military is going to mean removing their welfare state , when their total spending is 57 % of gdp ? 
  how exactly does that work ? 
  they could spend 10 % of gdp on the military and still have more money to spend on everything else than america does or the uk even . 
  i do n't think you americans realise how large taxes are in eu countries ... 
  especially places like france or sweden ... 
  to be honest the us really dropped the ball on syria . 
  they should have taken a much more active role early on , with help from other nato countries . 
  the ghost of iraq is going to haunt them for some time to come i feel . 
  i think an active us foreign policy is generally good for the world . 
  i think iraq has caused a lot of western governments issues with getting involved recently and it has n't been for the better . 
  eh why ca n't we afford inflation ? 
  that would be good for growth by getting people to spend more , it would also melt away people 's ( both sovereign and private ) debt they 've been accumulating . 
  hopefully it will work better than with governments ... `` what 's that chancellor , bond yields are negative , but you want us to perform more austerity ? 
  he 's talking about private debt , the ecb is primarily buying bonds . 
  they could n't cancel the sovereign debt either though , there is no mechanism to do that . 
  they would n't create such a mechanism due to the precedent such a decision would set . 
  this is definitely true a certain extent . 
  historical child sex abuse is treated much more seriously since the jimmy savile investigations , the police have loads of people working on it . 
  i just did a quick google search when i made the post and [ this result ] ( http://theweek.com/articles/479986/pedophilia-guide-disorder ) came up with 4 % . 
  no idea how accurate the figure is though . 
  i remember reading that it is estimated that around 4 % of the population are pedophiles . 
  kinda large percentage when you think about it . 
  note this does n't mean 4 % of the population have molested children , just that the attraction is present in them . 
  as i said , it 's not unheard of .
