  you 're always going to get illegal immigrants whether they 're economic or refugees . 
  the eu border is massive too . 
  i do think the eu should fund external border costs though to a certain extent , frontex needs a much larger budget than it currently possesses . 
  the way it works at the moment is kinda silly , we 're all affected by this problem due to schengen so burying our head in the sand & expecting greece/italy to pay for the problem is n't going to work . 
  this also does nothing to solve the problem for the refugees either . 
  i do n't think europeans are callous people , they do n't want immigrants here but i think they 're willing to donate & help , so i think we should find a solution that helps both us & those trying to escape horrible situations . 
  so now it 's a crisis because it 's causing a problem for us ? 
  but it 's ok as long as italy deals with it . 
  all those migrants we 're picking up in the med & dumping on italy just * are n't our problem * ( / s ) . 
  well i hope they find a solution , but i do n't see stopping the ` traffickers ' as anything more than a temporary stopgap . 
  if they want to solve this problem in the long term they either need somewhere to deport them , or an eu refugee sharing system coupled with outside eu asylum claim centres ( so that non refugees never end up here ) with shared legal costs via eu budget or some other fund . 
  could n't that problem be better solved by some sort of tax levied on properties that are n't occupied ? 
  we have the same problem in london too unfortunately . 
  foreign investors are using the london property market as their own personal bank & money laundering scheme . 
  the dude that said `` you out-do us in terms of being poor '' is from lithuania , if he was referring to latvia he 'd say that surely ? 
  he 's from lithuania . 
  id still count turkish news as european personally . 
  perhaps others disagree though . 
  this also involves coalition forces too though , which involves eu state troops . 
  people would recognise his father surely ? 
  jeb is running for the presidency now too ofc . 
  americans are just jelly they have to deal [ with these wannabe royals ] ( http://i.imgur.com/isbacvv.jpg ) instead of [ ours . 
  or to eu4 players , known as one of the cores you need to form prussia ... 
  he 's way ahead of you , he wants to ban encryption too !, 
  between 2009 & 2014 median wages [ fell 11 % below inflation ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/ashe/annual-survey-of-hours-and-earnings/2014-provisional-results/stb-ashe-statistical-bulletin-2014.html#tab-distribution-of-earnings ) . 
  we all took an 11 % pay cut . 
  if that 's what you call increased wages well ... 
  such amazing growth that we 're still lagging behind germany & america in terms of growth per capita ... 
  were you also saying the conservatives were amazing in 2012 i wonder ? 
  no doubt in 2020 when the conservatives have a surplus they can dangle in front of the electorate you 'll say they 're the party willing to spend , despite having just gone through 5 years of cuts . 
  let 's also not even go into all of osborne 's missed targets either , with an economic policy that is more similar to what darling suggested than he did himself . 
  people have such horrible memories . 
  i used to work in mcdonalds , we had 1 person with a phd , another 2 with masters degrees , the rest were either studying or had university level education . 
  there were only three uk workers on the entire staff , the others were from italy , poland , hungary & a few from portugal . 
  agreed . 
  calling us american is like the worst insult you could possibly use ... 
  i 'd rather be called racist or an asshole than american !, 
  doubt it will ever happen unless we got some sort of veto over freedom of movement with turkey . 
  seems politically impossible to me with the immigration sentiment here & within camerons party . 
  average age of the house of lords in the uk is 69 ... 
  it 's totally ridiculous , ~ 20 % are aged over 80 . 
  he better keep track of the page , we know how people in the uk love to edit their wikipedia pages , especially politicians . 
  not just france but netherlands too , our exports are [ down a ridiculous amount ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/8919f33603b18c19fa0a8219742b102a.png ) over the last year . 
  i guess the [ feelings mutual ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/37c50ccfdb758fdb583281c79a12279a.png ) so far as the netherlands are concerned though ... 
  but i mean i wonder if wages are even rising with inflation yet . 
  we 've all been losing money due to inflation the last few years , wages have n't kept up . 
  how are wages ? 
  over here in uk latest figures ( 2014 ) show wages are still lower than in 2009 adjusting for inflation , indeed they 're still lower than they were in 1997 !, 
  it 's going to take quite a long time to recover , median wages in 2009 were # 489 per week , which would be # 569 in 2014 money , but wages were # 518 , 9 % lower :-\\ \\ . 
  so while the economy has been doing better for a while , people still are n't feeling it . 
  oh , no i was just talking in general when comparing countries . 
  what i mean is , gdp per capita is measured in usd . 
  if eur is down 18 % on the usd in 1 year , and gdp down 8 % , the per capita gdp comparisons in usd do n't really reflect the true value of goods within a country . 
  it 's the same when comparing nominal gdp values , in usd the uk still has n't recovered but in gbp it recovered in 2010 . 
  only way to compare them is if the currency does n't fluctuate , as is the case with dkk & eur for instance . 
  edit : i suppose you would get the same effect using constant prices though between data points you want to compare !, 
  sure , but otherwise you 're at the mercy of exchange rates , which have changed massively over the last year for instance ( eur down 18 % on usd in 1y , usd up almost 8 % on gbp ) . 
  if he 's referring to the patent box scheme ( zero tax on patent royalties ) that was stopped in 2010 . 
  a lot of large companies were using that to put all their profits in tax havens . 
  for the avg citizen look at wages and inflation . 
  over here in the uk we 've seen nice growth for a while but wages are still lower than they were in fucking 1997 ... 
  gdp is largely a measure of population growth & falling unemployment atm to be honest . 
  german gdp growth would be way higher if their population was n't falling for instance . 
  it 's not a huge problem to have stagnant gdp growth if your population is falling imo . 
  i prefer per capita growth ( ppp ) as an indicator of economic success . 
  ads are how companies make money from your data . 
  facebook does the same but their ad revenue is [ much lower than google . 
  ] ( http://marketingland.com/eight-us-firms-control-80-percent-mobile-ad-revenue-91380 ), 
  that 's the business model for most internet companies these days . 
  google are the kings of it . 
  [ political compass for 2015 parties . 
  indeed , calais would make for some tasty holiday clay . 
  in eu4 m&t mod calais has southern english culture group ... then again 1444 is closer to the norman invasion than the present day i suppose ... 
  he also moved northern cyprus lol . 
  they 're just rallying against the unemployment figures , which do n't show the full picture . 
  during some quarters they were reduced a lot by people going self employed for instance . 
  it 's mostly bollocks these days though , most jobs are full time now , it 's pretty much at pre crisis levels . 
  underemployment is really low . 
  salary is still low however , but it 's finally starting to improve now . 
  the tories could have softened the blow a lot , that 's my major issue with them . 
  their cuts [ hit the most vulnerable ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2scu7tc.png ) while most of the wealthy apart from those at the very top got off scot free . 
  if you want to be really disgusted look at the impact of the [ most recent budget . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hphbsbs.png ) we 're all in this together apparently . 
  i mean as in / r/europe has its own bias ( like all subreddits ) , not that it 's necessarily the same as / r/uk . 
  of all the subreddits i 'm subscribed to there 's only one that does n't downvote dissenting opinions & that 's a satire / comic sub with little to downvote . 
  perhaps smaller subs are different though i do n't know . 
  i read somewhere in this thread that they will , it just takes some time to do so . 
  perhaps in a day or two you will see it !, 
  you really should message the mods about this instead of making threads op ... you will get a faster response this way . 
  if you do n't agree with their response perhaps then make a meta thread to discuss the issue , but this should n't be your first point of call to ask questions . 
  i think you 're being overly cynical . 
  i do n't believe this has anything to do with political views , it 's to do with making it easier to moderate & broadening the topic of discussion . 
  i do sympathise with your view though , i actually felt the same when the greek crisis started & they began to implement megathreads . 
  at least that was a developing story however with new things to discuss . 
  even on that topic though i think as long as regular megathreads are made it 's totally fine . 
  of course a filter is better though & they 're in the process of implementing it . 
  myself i already use res to filter certain topics . 
  but do you really need more than one thread a day to do it ? 
  the argument you 're making is essentially the `` we need somewhere safe to send them '' point i made above . 
  i think we all agree on that , we just do n't agree with what to do in the meantime ,
