  they did n't , because they do n't have any interest in doing so . 
  there is zero reason they would need to wait till he was extradited to sweden . 
  this is bullshit . 
  he was living perfectly fine in britain before he fled to the embassy . 
  the reason he fled was to escape being extradited to sweden not the us . 
  if the us wanted to extradite him they could have asked the uk government to do so , and we actually have an extradition treaty with the us to help facilitate that . 
  i read it as `` span you slag '' initially lol, 
  fortress europe has a big sea between it and africa / middle east . 
  greece 's islands are almost all very small . 
  this sounds very much like imperialism 2.0 . 
  you have to bear in mind that refugees will sometimes be there for decades , they will create a life for themselves and may not want to return to where they were born . 
  that 's not an issue unique to germany , that 's an issue all countries have . 
  merkel is much worse than cameron imo , the cdu are much more right wing and conservative . 
  i suppose if you 're more right wing inclined you 'd prefer merkel though . 
  it was a lose-lose situation , if merkel decided to temporarily put in place border protection she would get shit for not showing solidarity as the refugees move elsewhere within europe ( and probably end up in germany , either way , to be honest ) . 
  the fact of the situation is , once these people were on the european continent they would end up somewhere , better the richest and largest state most able to deal with the situation than anywhere else . 
  it was ultimately the right call , although no one on here likes to admit it . 
  of course for the germans themselves it may not be the right decision , i 'm purely talking about it from the perspective of everyone else , that now do n't have to deal with the refugees because they 're germany 's problem . 
  i would probably guess such a measure would be illegal under eu law , but you 'd have to investigate more to be sure . 
  read [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nnx7a0eeelf0n2gkzymahesrqr6ihwtod2noxmn5pvu/pub ) their rationale if you 're interested btw . 
  so i checked their website . 
  you can read the rationale [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nnx7a0eeelf0n2gkzymahesrqr6ihwtod2noxmn5pvu/pub ) ( i uploaded it to google docs ) . 
  if you want to read more data on their website check [ here ] ( https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_us/web/guest/article/-/view/type/html/id/1563201 ) , but you 'll have to register to view . 
  sure , and the risk of default on those bonds is obviously tied to the political situation . 
  they 're obviously worried about the effect recent changes may have on the economy and investment environment in the long term . 
  the rating on local currency traded bonds fell as well btw . 
  credit ratings take the political situation into account . 
  as the article notes this is to do with recent political changes in poland and the effect this may have on investments there . 
  what are you on about seriously ? 
  you are creating a false dilemma , it 's not a choice between deporting people to their death or accepting everyone . 
  it is possible to do neither of those things . 
  the ecthr enforces them , states that deport people back to inhumane conditions can and have been fined for doing so . 
  ok , sure , anything can be changed , but they wo n't be . 
  it 's like saying , we could deport everyone back ( even if they 're then killed ) , we 're sovereign after all , but that 's obviously not going to and should n't happen . 
  as i said , what the us is doing in south america is not something we should be looking to emulate . 
  but perhaps you disagree , and you 're fine with sending people back to then be killed , as long as it saves your country a few euros . 
  `` safe zones '' . 
  there are numerous documented cases of people being deported back to honduras and then killed . 
  it 's not the humane thing to do . 
  my feeling is , if you have a position of open immigration and accepting more refugees than required ( as are both positions of the current government ) then you need to provide for these people or change the policy . 
  you ca n't say , ok we 're going to accept 25,000 refugees over 5 years , who are going to need council houses to live in , but at the same time reduce the number of council houses ( via rtb and the new policy of forcing councils to sell the most valuable council housing ) . 
  this is at a time when there were in 2014 ( latest figures ) 1.4 million households already waiting for a council house i should point out . 
  if you 're going to accept these people the government needs to have the facilities to accommodate them and inconvenience the native population as little as possible . 
  you ca n't say to joe native that i 'm sorry , you 've been waiting 5 years now for a council house , but your place is now bumped by this refugee we just decided to accept and has higher priority . 
  this is true for other government services too . 
  the conservatives are currently in the process of reducing state spending massively , which means record low investment in public services . 
  this is at a time of record high immigration . 
  as an example , between 1950 and 1980 healthcare expenditure increased in real terms by 3.7 % pa , between 1980 and 1997 it increased by 3.4 % , and between 1997 and 2010 by 5.6 % . 
  ** between 2010 and 2014 it increased by 0.8 % pa. ** this is of course just seeing things from a practical perspective , you also have the social issues which i have n't covered but are just as relevant . 
  current rules ca n't be changed . 
  that is to say , refugees can not be deported to where they are fleeing . 
  what can be changed is better border control , but it 's not going to solve the issue entirely . 
  there will still be hundreds of thousands that enter every year . 
  if the eu wants to not deal with them then they need a 3rd safe party to deport them to , but that may be difficult to arrange i guess . 
  ultimately it 's the final point that would only make any real difference . 
  it 's difficult because the 3rd party would have to have actual decent facilities for refugees , which many countries do not . 
  for instance , it was n't long ago that countries were fined by the ecthr for deporting refugees back to greece under dublin ii ( this is why many countries suspended dublin ii ) . 
  if conditions are bad in greece imagine what they would be like in a country like libya ? 
  the benefits thing is a side issue ( and mostly not important ) , british people just do n't want lots of immigrants full stop . 
  they also want immigration from outside the eu reduced massively as well . 
  it 's to do with rising population density basically and the effect increasing population has on communities . 
  it 's more a rural concern than for those living in the city ( although it is still an urban concern too ) , i suppose because those living in the city are more used to living with immigrants and higher population density . 
  i agree with you , and they paid for it , which is i guess why there is now talk of shared sovereignty in border control . 
  the major eu states are n't going to call for something to happen until it benefits them , which it does now . 
  intriguingly the last year may actually push the eu to fix quite a lot of the issues associated with schengen . 
  the other issue is of course dublin ii which is being changed into a quota system at the moment . 
  fundamentally this has to happen if schengen is going to remain in force . 
  every western country has an obligation to treat refugees humanely . 
  this means not deporting them back to countries where they will be treated in subhuman conditions ( as judged by the ecthr within the eu ) and similarly not sending them back to countries they are fleeing from . 
  both of these obligations would cover finland . 
  of course , countries within schengen can temporarily impose border controls to refuse entry , but this is n't an option long term and obviously does n't stop people entering illegally . 
  germany had no choice , they were already inside the eu at that point . 
  if you want to blame anyone blame greece , although policing a border their size with such limited funds is next to impossible . 
  as to deportations and how it 's suppose to work , generally refugees apply from within a country , it 's exceedingly rare for anyone to apply from outside - this is only done via the unhcr . 
  deportations are difficult but are an unfortunate consequence of dealing with people that cross borders illegally not directly from a conflict zone . 
  / r/europe, 
  this is the case in germany too , they will decline hundreds of thousands of refugee applications this year alone . 
  are n't the quotas for actual refugees ? 
  sensible because they actually have a choice in the matter due to no refugees wanting to live there anyway . 
  not so easy for other countries that have international obligations . 
  they 're just standard eu fare , which is centre right politically . 
  mostly just the french i think . 
  this is higher than the expected 1.6 % . 
  if anyone wonders where the german economy is going into the future , imf staff estimates put growth in 2016 at 1.6 % , 2017 1.5 % , 2018 1.3 % , 2019 at 1.3 % , 2020 1.3 % . 
  so not great , but these are old projections ( oct 2015 ) and i would guess the recent refugee influx will push these numbers up a bit . 
  per capita growth ( constant prices ) is estimated at 1.3 % in 2016 , 1.3 % in 2017 , 1.1 % in 2018 , 1.2 % in 2019 , 1.3 % in 2020 . 
  and they were all `` violent , raping muslim illegal immigrants '' ? 
  so then greece has to deal with a million people , that sounds like a great idea / s. 
  what does reproduction have to do with anything ? 
  are you now suggesting people with asian ethnicity are more predisposed to crime and low productivity ? 
  on the number of asylum seekers in the uk , we accept a larger number than many eu countries per capita , and we accept less than many others . 
  but we only accept much less than a few countries , namely the ones i mentioned previously . 
  yes and most of those settled in a few countries , primarily the nordics and germany . 
  for the rest , the numbers are pretty small in comparison to immigration from elsewhere . 
  as to productivity , i already conceded that point , but the numbers are so low that it does n't really matter . 
  when we 're talking about 25k refugees and 350k eu immigrants , 700k immigrants total , the contribution and cost of those 25k really is n't that important . 
  i was n't doubting the per capita costs , as i would assume they are higher , but ultimately the costs will be higher for eu immigrants because they come in much greater numbers . 
  that was the point i was making . 
  the refugee numbers are tiny for most countries . 
  neither do refugees in general .
