  we 're a part of common reform programmes , but only if they 're necessary for the common market . 
  you do n't need a superstate for a common market to work . 
  integration when it benefits you , protectionism when it does n't , it 's the european way . 
  the french have their farms , the germans have their manufacturing , and now the uk has their services . 
   yay . 
  the uk does n't have to contribute to programs from which it will benefit . 
   hmm ? 
  you 're not far off , now japan 's population is around 128 million , but it 's due to decrease to 90 million by 2080 while the uk population will increase to 85 million . 
   one in two children in the uk is born to someone born outside the uk . 
  [ it 's one in four . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/vsob1/parents--country-of-birth--england-and-wales/2014/stb-pcb-2014.html ), 
  to be honest uk growth does n't look so wtf when you look at it like this . 
  that 's because they 're all here ha !, 
  absolute poverty will soon be eliminated , qol in africa is growing rapidly , just look at how fast many of their economies are growing . 
  it 's not all immigration . 
  for instance in the uk around half the population increase is from net migration , and half is from births , yet our fertility is lower than sweden 's ( 1.83 in 2014 ) . 
  the reason is that life expectancy is rising , and thus less people are dying than are being born . 
  to quote ons : `` international migration has directly contributed to over half ( 56 % ) of the total population change in the uk in the last decade ( 2004 to 2014 ) . 
  the remainder of the change is a result of natural change ( births minus deaths ) in the population and `` other '' change . 
  in the year to mid-2014 , net international migration directly contributed to 53 % of total population change . '', 
  see more data on this [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/npp/national-population-projections/2014-based-projections/stb-npp-2014-based-projections.html#tab-births--deaths-and-net-migration ), 
  [ germany actually seems to have lower net migration than the uk . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate ) of course this wo n't be the case in 2015 , and perhaps not in 2016 with the migration crisis though . 
  cameron campaigning for in is going to make a huge difference , especially with them polling so well at the moment . 
  if he campaigned to get us out i 'm pretty sure we 'd leave . 
  and if they did , as well as giving us further controls over immigration ( as switzerland is asking for ) then other countries will just do the same . 
  it 's a compromise they just ca n't make , even if it is insignificant when just given to one country . 
  in france you can claim 10k + euros almost immediately after coming to the country ? 
  it 's not unemployment benefits people are annoyed about , it 's things like tax credits that can go into the thousands . 
  [ we do , the law was changed back in 2011 to require a referendum . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_act_2011 ), 
  not every country inside the eu needs to move at the same speed . 
  that will just result in nothing ever getting done . 
  do n't worry , if we 're ignored , we 'll just have another referendum !, 
  seems to be the only way to get anything done around here ... 
  i read that source last time i researched this issue , but it 's quite outdated , wanted a newer source really . 
  no matter i 'll have another look again later if need be . 
   the decision still stands and was echoed by domestic courts in various countries . 
  i am also not aware of any deportations to greece . 
   could you elaborate on this ? 
  where did you read specifically :  the decision still stands and was echoed by domestic courts in various countries . 
  what countries have stated they will not deport refugees back to greece ? 
  can you elaborate ( english sources please ! ) ? 
  my understanding is that dublin was suspended in 2011 when belgium was fined for deporting refugees back to greece , and then the suspension was extended every year afterwards . 
  i 'm not aware of any decision since then though , and it 's perfectly possible that states would n't be fined for deporting individuals to greece today . 
  i 'm not sure all states still have dublin suspended ? 
  yes that 's true . 
  but you obviously ca n't blame the actions of one group on the other . 
  yes although i ca n't read it myself , i 'm just going off what they said on that subreddit . 
  can anyone that reads turkish explain ? 
  pkk actually denounced tak due being too violent . 
  not that i 'd defend pkk either to be honest as they carry out heinous attacks as well . 
  people over on / r/syriancivilwar are claiming this may be a hoax , i.e not true . 
  i ca n't link here as on mobile but just go to the subreddit , it 's one of the top posts . 
  the person they claim is the attacker seems may not be the attacker , furthermore their information on the bombing is incorrect . 
  edit : see discussion on this [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/46lgqk/kurdish_tak_reportedly_claims_ankara_bombing/ ), 
  the uk would n't be a part of it . 
  we 'd stick with the current relationship . 
  i 'm referring to eurozone and schengen members . 
  issues like immigration policy ( refugee crisis ) should be decided by the eu parliament . 
  if countries do n't want that they should stay outside schengen . 
  spot on . 
  this is the problem with transferring more powers and competences to the eu , once it 's done you ca n't change it without getting the half a million people in luxembourg to agree . 
  that 's why it need to stay a limited trading relationship for those that do n't want integration and a full transfer of sovereignty for those that do . 
  vast majority of fdi into the us is from europe . 
  in 2012\u00a0100/150 ( total oecd ) billion inward fdi was from europe , in 2011\u00a0127/199 , 2010\u00a0151/182 . 
  most outward fdi seems to go to europe as well . 
  see [ here . 
  the point the article is making , is that europe has big problems which are threatening the union . 
  the us could do more to help in this regard , but with obama in charge they do n't seem to be taking a commanding role at the moment . 
  their strategy in syria is n't really going anywhere , and i have no idea what 's going on in ukraine any more that situation seems never ending . 
  there 's nothing wrong with refugee law , austria does n't have to accept any of the people currently entering their country . 
  the problem is schengen and lack of control in outer borders . 
  why is it so many lithuanians want to come to the uk rather than say germany ? 
  is it the language ? 
  even in tax havens a lot of the citizens live really shitty lives . 
  they do n't pay income taxes but they pay massive sales taxes instead and their food is expensive because it 's imported . 
  they also do n't get paid wages much higher than on the mainland and do n't get any benefits at all . 
  around 3 % of benefits is unemployment benefit . 
  it 's a very small percentage of what is paid out to people . 
  most is pensions and in work benefits . 
  it 's doctor doom , and yes it 's a cameron quote . 
  2.1 is still going to lead to a rapidly aging population . 
  difficult to avoid this however . 
  wtf , does n't that fill your tea with bits of croissant ? 
  sounds pretty disgusting !, 
  the difference is in the precedent it sets . 
  it is accepted that if a refugee seeks entry , and is directly fleeing where they are seeking refuge from , they will be given entry . 
  there are no quotas , if there is a need to enter they are allowed to do so . 
  by setting quotas you are saying that after the quota is reached it is somehow ok to now just let people be persecuted , which is totally ridiculous . 
  that 's why the convention / international law is written in the way that it is , and states should respect it . 
  the point is , if someone is a refugee , and is directly fleeing a conflict zone , they should be admitted to your country , regardless of what damage it will do ( in terms of economics , there are obviously exceptions for some criminals , see refugee convention ) . 
  that is the basic decent thing to do and accepted internationally . 
  to now say we are going to have quotas and only accept a certain number completely disregards this principle , and may be used as an excuse by countries that actually do border problematic regions . 
  the solution here is n't quotas , it is to follow accepted international procedures , which means refusing them at the border . 
  this maintains the basic principle that people should not be refused protection should they require it . 
  they blamed the attacks on assad too . 
  who next ?
