  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akrotiri_and_dhekelia ) '' * akrotiri and dhekelia , officially the sovereign base areas of akrotiri and dhekelia , is a british overseas territory on the island of cyprus . 
  the areas , which include bases and other land , were retained by the british , under the 1960 treaty of independence , agreed and signed by the united kingdom , greece , turkey and representatives from the greek and turkish cypriot communities , which granted independence to the crown colony of cyprus . 
  the territory serves an important role as a station for signals intelligence and provides a vital strategic part of the united kingdom communications gathering and monitoring network in the mediterranean and the middle east . 
  '' * it covers ~ 2.7 % of cyprus , so it 's a rather large area . 
  it 's very difficult for russia to raise money on international markets . 
  their debt burden is low due to this . 
  they do n't have access to the same levels of borrowing that greece has/had . 
  any post criticising the euro or eu on here is down voted . 
  it 's sad but such is life , people use the down vote button to show disapproval . 
  two big nonos on here , criticising eu or defending refugees . 
  the latter especially gets brigaded heavily . 
  indeed , it begs the question why he even included sweden in the graphic when he then went on to talk about germany & the us ... 
  i suppose he probably did n't make the graphic himself lol . 
  as the article shows & but does n't mention , sweden seem to have done just as well over the same period . 
  i 'm also not sure where he was going with the zimbabwe comparison either , seems like quite a hyperbole . 
  the main reason the uk coped so well with the crisis was precisely because we are not in the euro too . 
  unless the eu can fix its structural problems i 'm not sure this stagnation is going to end any time soon . 
  heaven forbid we have another financial crisis , it will be the end for the ez . 
  they come via plane later if asylum is granted . 
  there 's nothing evil about granting those people that need it asylum . 
  a few thousand is better than nothing . 
  we are pumping billions of developmental aid into foreign countries to improve conditions abroad . 
  we are intervening in iraq to help stabilize the region . 
  how can you look at something good & only see bad things , you 're really clutching at straws here . 
  the numbers that die at sea is very small in comparison to the numbers that are saved & claim asylum here . 
  what if i said to you that stabilizing countries takes time & something has to be done for refugees right now ? 
  it does a lot for those granted asylum , which is something i think . 
  why people on / r/europe always must ask exactly the same questions in every thread about immigrants ? 
  every time i go into the comments on a thread about immigration it 's like deja vu . 
  racist is the wrong word but people here are definitely against migration & asylum seekers . 
  but again , racism is n't the right classification for this , i do n't think race is even a factor here . 
  i think this opinion wrt immigration is inevitable as the subscriber base increases . 
  at least in my country it is an opinion held by the majority of the population , so you would assume this forum would reflect that . 
  i do n't know if that 's the case elsewhere . 
  i would say more that people here lack compassion & the politics is becoming more right wing . 
  again this is reflective of the population , at least in my country . 
  i think it will only include the states that want to join . 
  these are just some states he hopes will want to i believe . 
  really this is what the ez should have been from the beginning tbh & there should be no obligation for anyone to join it ( as there is with the ez ) . 
  so i just wanted to see what people thought surrounding the french pms comments , * `` french prime minister manuel valls sunday said the vanguard should include the six founding countries of the eu : france , germany , italy , belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands . 
  '' * do you think it would be best for the ez to form a new institution within the eurozone only containing states that want further integration ? 
  i presume that 's what he 's getting at here . 
  it wo n't necessarily only include the founding states , but this could be a basis to go forward . 
  one wonders if this new zone may have a new currency too ? 
  that may work quite well . 
  there has been talk of two speed europe , this would add another layer to that . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  as someone not much into meat , that dish almost makes me want to vomit : s does most portuguese food contain so much meat ? 
  well if you take the uk for example , people 's opinions on immigration go far beyond supporters of ukip . 
  those that support ukip just feel immigration is the top issue , this does n't mean it 's not an issue for people supporting other parties . 
  ukip are a bit of a [ one issue pressure group ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vblgg5ugekw&amp;t=1m24s ) really , although they 're trying to change that to stay relevant . 
  cameron has been careful not to outline any red lines ( his party members less so but many of them want to leave anyway ) . 
  i think he 'll get some compromises but it will be mostly superficial tbh . 
  i hope the eu do n't budge with him on labour laws ( he wants to give uk more opt outs ) . 
  i also hope the eu does n't budge on any freedom of movement principles , which i do n't think they will . 
  suffice to say cameron does n't represent us all . 
  well you know what they say about the french ... 
  it 's ok we will forfeit our right as we 've already looted greece dry anyway . 
  perhaps germany should use their forgiven debt to fund their non existent military . 
  ok i jest , but still , they 're hardly pulling their weight in terms of defending europe against russia :p, 
  large state employment , taxation , government expenditure , protectionist labour laws & over regulation of businesses & industry . 
  these are traits you have in common with the nordic countries & is why they too fear further european integration . 
  even your right wing parties are more socialist than most left wing parties in other countries , why do you think your country is the way it is despite all these supposed right wing presidents ? 
  as i said , even in 2005 there was support for the constitution before the referendum but that quickly changed when people presumably figured out what it could mean . 
  plus you need ridiculous support for such measures to even hope to overcome nationalism . 
  a european federation with the french socialist model ? 
  sure . 
  but one that pushes the neoliberal economic agenda will have less support as you saw in 2005 . 
  the french are also fiercely nationalistic & defensive of their rights no ? 
  actually many british people realise this too . 
  it 's a big argument all the main parties are making ( all main parties are pro eu , majority of population is pro eu ) , that we are part of a union for cooperation on big topics such as defense & climate change . 
  honestly i think your stereotypes are created by parties such as ukip which are a small minority here . 
  do you judge french opinion on nf ? 
  they have more support in parliament than ukip does . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/91e611604263fad5f2e62be7f81473f0.png ) should be the first reform we demand ( from your link ) . 
  presumably the dutch see the greek situation as their own fault through fiscal irresponsibility . 
  they also see the bailouts as somewhat futile . 
  the issue we have is eurozone debt now is very high & if we were to have another crisis in the short term there could be many more countries in the same situation as greece with bailing them out being unviable . 
  there are definitely structural issues that need solving , but i 'm not sure how you can do it without further integration . 
  i suppose that 's what the north/south currency divide idea is about . 
  french people know this which is why they would never support it . 
  these benefits are less easily quantifiable than direct cold hard cash . 
  if these effects were more easily visible support for loans to countries such as greece would be much higher . 
  seems the uk & the dutch see eye to eye on many things . 
  if they want less integration though how do they see us solving the euro crisis ? 
  if they see fund transfers as futile is their preferred solution just to let states leave ? 
  it 's not an actual cost , it 's based on potential lost value due statistical value of life . 
  national healthcare institutions use these figures when deciding what drugs to buy for example . 
  they look at the cost of the drug and economic effect in terms of improved outcomes . 
  basically it 's suggesting the lost economic output of premature deaths is huge so why are n't we investing more money to reduce it . 
  if there was a disease causing this many deaths for instance there would be a lot of money invested to combat it . 
  but for some reason environmental deaths are not looked at deep enough because they 're a silent killer no one cares about . 
  edit : as outlined [ here ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/en/media-centre/sections/press-releases/2015/04/air-pollution-costs-european-economies-us$-1.6-trillion-a-year-in-diseases-and-deaths,-new-who-study-says ) * `` the economic cost of deaths alone accounts for over us$ 1.4 trillion . 
  adding another 10 % to this , as the cost of diseases from air pollution , results in a total of almost us$ 1.6 trillion . 
  in no less than 10 of the 53 countries of the region , this cost is at or above 20 % of national gdp ( see annex for data by country ) . 
  the study uses the methodology applied in a 2014 report by oecd and makes the calculations based on the most recent economic estimates of the health impacts of air pollution . 
  * * the economic value of deaths and diseases due to air pollution -- us$ 1 600\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 -- corresponds to the amount societies are willing to pay to avoid these deaths and diseases with necessary interventions . 
  in these calculations , a value is attached to each death and disease , independent of the age of the person and which varies according to the national economic context . 
  '' * taken in a hospital context countries are willing to pay [ this much ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/276956/pr_economics-annex_en.pdf ) to save lives but for some reason we are not doing so in this instance . 
  [ full study ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/276772/economic-cost-health-impact-air-pollution-en.pdf?ua=1 ),
