  i think more of a concern is energy sustainability and avoiding runaway climate change . 
  we 're going to have to drastically reduce our energy consumption before other countries get to our standard of living . 
  i do n't really understand why it is so high in some western countries , for instance in the us they use over twice as much as the uk per capita . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  it also ignores the fact that the us exports a huge amount of their carbon costs to china as well . 
  not when most of your population is old . 
  even with a 2.1 fertility rate the population will age rapidly , and you suffer all the same problems , just to a slightly lesser degree . 
  fair , i just think we 'll import more stuff to be honest like other densely populated countries . 
  i think farming will become more efficient over time too , so we 'll get more from the land that we do have . 
  i actually wish we converted farmland back into wilderness in england , we do n't really have any wild spaces here . 
  they should designate certain areas natural parks and we should n't be allowed to build or farm there . 
  they should also be more strict with planning permission in villages and rural areas , instead expanding cities . 
  i agree , and it will , but you ca n't raise the retirement age fast enough and old people are generally slower at a lot of jobs . 
  the uk contribution is ~ 24 % total , the 12 % is just what the employee pays , there is also 13.8 % on the employer end which is passed on to the worker in lower wages . 
  it could rise , but as i said this just means less income for working-age people and worse intergenerational fairness . 
  i think it 's more likely they will just cut funding though , that 's what they 've been doing so far . 
  meh , england is the most densely populated large country in the eu , yet only 11 % is urban . 
  if we just look at places where there are buildings the percentage decreases even lower to just 2 % of land used for buildings and other structures ( roads etc ) . 
  i do n't see us being anywhere close to running out of room even if the population doubled . 
  other parts of the uk are much less urban too , with 1.9 % of land in scotland designated urban , 3.6 % in ni , 4.1 % in wales . 
  different methodology i think . 
  the link you posted is taking an average over many years . 
  unless you want to institute mandatory euthanasia at 65 it 's pretty important to have a balanced dependency ratio . 
  the more it increases the less a country produces and the higher the taxes have to be for the working population . 
  in the uk , for instance , the ni rate has doubled over the last 40 years from 5.5 % to 12 % . 
  up till now it 's mostly been the military budget that has been cut to pay for it , but now we 're down to bare bones they 're starting to cut working age welfare and education . 
  a growing younger population is good . 
  even replacement would n't be nearly enough to stop the population aging . 
  it would need be 3 + at least . 
  it 's not , that 's just being pragmatic , i.e. 
  it 's happening anyway may as well make the most of the situation . 
  if all they wanted was more immigrants they could just grant more visas . 
  here in the uk the government has to put quotas on them , and we still get more immigrants than almost anywhere else in the eu . 
   they outsourced visa application processing to a private company , so we have to line their pockets . 
  sounds like something the uk government would do , they love outsourcing stuff to private companies . 
  it costs you 180 euros for a tourist visa ? 
  jesus , our fco is making bank ... 
  french guiana is for all intents and purposes part of france in the same way brittany , normandy or any other region of the french mainland is . 
  they 're just withdrawing combat troops , the air force will remain . 
  this does n't change much/anything on the ground . 
  it does n't cost them much either , the bombs they 're dropping are from old stockpiles , and the salaries would be paid regardless . 
  i agree , we should be trying to minimise / eliminate it . 
  it 's perfectly feasible to raise an animal for slaughter without it suffering . 
  i do think we eat too much meat , and i do think animal welfare laws are n't strong enough ( although this is getting better ) . 
  i think if you 're going to kill an animal you try to make it as humane as possible . 
  agreed , it 's like the kosher/halal slaughtering bullshit . 
  it 's the 21st century , we should n't be putting animals through undue stress and harm when we do n't need to . 
  agreed . 
  they should only allow that form where they jump over the bull and do n't kill it , i forget the name . 
  they do n't wear costumes or use any props as i recall . 
  it 's blind nationalism , it 's a very common trait among ukip politicians and supporters . 
  it depends if they moderate their views . 
  ukip started out this way , rebranded their party somewhat , and is now legitimately successful . 
  same in the uk . 
  now you 're just making words up !, 
  we did quite some ridiculous austerity after the conservatives took office in 2010 , [ it was quite bad for the economy . 
  ] ( http://budgetresponsibility.org.uk/docs/dlm_uploads/effect-of-discretionary-policy-on-gdp-growth-final.pdf ) it 's been said that the obr tends to underestimate the effects of this as well . 
  it only took a quarter of negative growth in 2012 for osborne to decide that perhaps it was a bad idea ... 
  i do n't think the eu parliamentary elections are ever going to have high turnout , simply because eu legislation does not have high enough personal impact on people 's lives . 
  you can try to change how the system works , for instance removing national eu parties and replacing them with supranational parties ( e.g. 
  remove conservatives and replace them with ecr ) but you are still left with this fundamental problem . 
  localism suffers from the same issue , and only really fosters interest when people see the direct impact on their lives . 
  in this way , i think it 's better that eu institutions stay technocratic and directly responsible to the member states governments rather than the eu peoples directly . 
   i mean you use finance like the russians use oil . 
  it 's not skill , it 's just luck and exports . 
  and if you void the eu finance regulations after leaving the eu , you could loose access to the eu-linked markets and therefore loose most of your finance base . 
  banks and insurance companies employ incredibly smart , high-skilled individuals . 
  it 's not easy to get a job in that industry at all . 
  the uk may lose access to certain financial markets upon leaving the eu , but the damage would be minimal . 
  it 's more likely that many banks will actually transfer most of their operations outside of the eu , probably to the uk , when regulatory oversight is increased . 
  [ just look at what happened when sweden tried to implement a ftt for instance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax ) , a policy quite popular on the continent . 
   that 's surprizing or does n't count the zero hours contract . 
  it counts zhc , but only if people actually want to work more hours . 
  many people on zhc want to be on zhc because they 're students and need the flexibility , and are actually happy with their situation ( check the link you posted ) . 
   based around finance . 
  if finance crash , your entire economy could disappear overnight . 
  there is little diversification . 
  true , but this is unrelated to the point we 're talking about . 
   unemployement being low because a lot of that `` employment '' is zero paid hours garranted contracts or things that do n't allow you to eat . 
  if you get paid 50 # a week for 5h you are out of the `` unemployment '' statistic but your still just as screwed and have to leave london/whatever big town pretty fast and find something else . 
  [ the data does n't support this claim ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:quarterly_supplementary_indicators_by_member_state,_2015q3.png ) . 
  underemployment in the uk is lower than in france . 
  in 2015 q3 5.5 % were unemployed and 5.3 % were underemployed ( so are working fewer hours than they would like to ) in the uk , while in france 10 % were unemployed and 5.6 % underemployed . 
  to be honest , the ecb reaction to the crisis has been a total disaster , not only were they late with qe , they also raised interest rates rapidly in 2011 only for the recession to hit in 2012 ... now of course we are at negative rates . 
  fundamentally the problem is that the emu contains so many different countries with different monetary and fiscal needs . 
  a rate rise in 2011 was good for germany but it was terrible for the southern states for example . 
  it 's not automation , that 's a global issue unlike unemployment which is localized . 
  the uk does n't have a structural unemployment problem , neither does germany . 
  the uk already had a flexible labour market , and the germans have been liberalizing their system a lot recently ( hartz reforms ) . 
  we 've even had record levels of immigration recently and our unemployment is still at record lows among both natives and foreigners . 
  the liberalisation and deregulation of work labour law is good for reducing unemployment though , why do you think it 's so high in france and most of continental europe ? 
  you can wait and see if it will sort itself out over time ( as the economy recovers ) , but that 's a lot of lost economic output and there 's no guarantee that it will . 
  that 's the doubled edged sword with globalization , we all get cheaper prices but we 're all competing against countries that have much cheaper labour and less regulatory costs . 
  the eu was a means to solve this issue to a certain extent ( by reducing regulatory burden and local protectionism ) but there 's a lot of pushback still . 
  to be honest the parliament lacks a lot of legitimacy . 
  the electoral system is fine but the turnout is god awful ( 43 % eu-wide , 36 % in the uk ) , people simply do not get involved in the process enough and i do n't feel that 's going to change . 
  the council actually has more legitimacy in many ways because they are elected directly through each country 's electorate ( in most cases ) , where turnout is much higher . 
  there is actually a decent argument that the parliament should be removed for the above reason : it 's just not perceived to be accountable to anyone and this is somewhat true . 
  no one knows what their party does , what their manifesto is , what they stand for . 
  that 's a big problem for democracy as people feel like they do n't have any control .
