  that does n't really mean much though . 
  rent in london is twice what it is in other parts of the country at least ( cheap london areas vs avg areas in other parts of country ) & salary for most people is no where near double . 
  when i moved to yorkshire for instance i was shocked in that for the price of a 1 bedroom apartment in n. london i could rent an entire house ... you move to london for the lifestyle , and for better jobs ( in terms of responsibilities & absolute pay ) but certainly not disposable income . 
  of course your wealth increases much faster in london provided you 're not renting ( as house prices are forever rising ) , but this does n't really matter if you never move elsewhere . 
  i like how britain is blatantly the center of the world , i 've never looked at a map like that till now ... 
  whether or not we stay in the eu will be decided by these idiots , that is what truly frightens me . 
  would you actually use the troops even if you spent the money ? 
  i can just see a lot of german tanks/planes sitting in germany gathering dust !, 
  your country is pretty pacifist is it not ? 
  we do n't do independent operations any more though . 
  we would n't get involved in conflicts without us support , so i do n't really see why this is an issue . 
  well it 's because the balance of power has shifted a lot since before ww2 , when there were a lot of nations of equal power that were n't allied . 
  that 's not really the case any more , and with how connected economies are now , and the advent of nuclear weapons war does n't seem very likely in the eu any more ( quite remote actually to be honest ) . 
  it 's mostly nuclear weapons , without those i think we 'd have much much higher military spending & more to worry about in the eu . 
  war between major powers is kinda futile when you have mad . 
  this may change of course if any nation develops a missile shield that actually works . 
  value yes , but not product variety . 
  the discount chains like lidl & aldi do not stock a large variety of goods , they actually stock a lot less brands than the other stores ( as an example tesco stocks around 70,000 products , while aldi/lidl stock only around 2000 ) . 
  despite falling profits it is also by far the largest supermarket in the uk ( twice market share of next biggest , almost 10x market share of lidl for instance ) . 
  true . 
  i guess indians are used to looking at crappy flags :p, 
  * please * . 
  tricolour is so common . 
  must piss off the scots, 
  soft power ftw . 
  we do piggy back off the us a lot too i think . 
  i remember the chinese one was `` small but strong '' . 
  i was wondering this the other day when watching the white house correspondents dinner . 
  when obama made a quip about prince george , would most americans know who he means ? 
  just to add another serious reply , the reason this is asked is probably due to all the requests for nato bases . 
  yep . 
  there 's going to be a lot of this before ttip is signed . 
  especially as election season comes around next year . 
  of course these `` fucking hippies '' have no reason to be against gmos right ? 
  the [ vattenfall case seems like a prime example of exactly why isds is an important part of any trade agreement . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/390p5l/over_2000000_europeans_have_now_signed_the/cs0hyfx ) so that governments ca n't arbitrarily change prior agreements for political reasons and target foreign companies in this way . 
   it 's a red herring . 
  just like the eu mandates that all companies have to list the colourings etc. 
  added to food - nobody really cares , but it 's used for scaremongering by people who do n't really know how anything works . 
  it also means in places where gm food is n't banned it is simply not sold . 
  if you have a product with 20 ingredients and 1 is gm that means that the entire product is gm in the law of the eu and requires a `` warning '' label . 
  while there is such a negative stigma it is not worth using any gm products at all under these laws . 
  the issue is cost of course . 
  people believe this is a free choice , so they choose not to eat gm products . 
  however , if it was as in the us , and there were only `` unknown '' and non-gm products , both being safe and identical in all respects while one is cheaper than the other , the choice is obvious . 
  hence non-gm products are a niche market in the us , and would be here if we did n't have such archaic protectionist laws . 
  so while gmo 's are n't banned in the eu , they essentially are for commercial and practical reasons . 
  most of europe has conservative parties currently i believe ? 
  malmstrom herself is from a centre-right party . 
  the ruling party in the ep is centre right too ( epp ) . 
  i think you 're more referring to the hard left , which are n't in power anywhere . 
  if there are legitimate environmental or health concerns we can do what we want as long as we 're not doing it for protectionist reasons . 
  the court would have to decide if the decisions were legitimately made in the interest of public health and not to help local companies though . 
  the courts are basically in place to stop the government making decisions to favour local companies over foreign ones . 
  ultimately the courts ca n't stop governments doing anything though , all they can do is fine them . 
  there 's also gove . 
  to be honest the tory choices are universally awful , hopefully cameron will stay till 2020 . 
  i do n't know personally , a few individuals on here have suggested it 's the opposite though . 
  i was n't just talking about food though , but in general across all areas being discussed . 
  some areas regulations are definitely higher in the us , on car emissions for instance . 
  i did n't say lowering of regulations , i said regulatory harmonisation , i.e. 
  you may have different regulations that are essentially the same , and via ttip they can agree to unify them so that producers do n't have to follow two different sets of regulations . 
  lower tariffs , regulatory harmonisation , more competition . 
  this results in more jobs , economic growth , cheaper and higher quality goods . 
  that 's the gist of it anyway . 
  if they 're bad regulations it could result in better standards for consumers both in europe and the us . 
  do n't know why it 's assumed everything america does is evil for some reason . 
  yes , it 's the lcoe . 
  depends on the country i guess , [ but yes in some both wind and solar are cheaper than nuclear ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/b7c5d917440db98dd7da07e01293e904.png ) . 
  costs of solar and wind have been [ reducing fast ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/cd9838a88a3d09de94163d053ec8005b.png ) . 
  damn i did n't realise it was that low . 
  as a foreigner watching your tv shows their casting suggests its far higher ... 
  as i said , the choice is available for you under a voluntary system . 
  but under mandatory labelling you 're forcing all of us to pay for your preference with regard to gmo products . 
  by requiring labelling you are giving the customer less choice not more . 
  this would essentially mean almost all products being labeled as containing gmo . 
  this would reduce the value of food because people see warning labels as something `` bad '' that they should avoid . 
  hence the end result of mandatory labeling is no gmo foods being used . 
  however , if you take a voluntary approach the only people that have the cost are the ones that actually care about gmo products in their food , and so will take the premium , more expensive non-gmo product . 
  if the demand for non-gmo products is as large as you suggest , then most products would voluntarily be labeled as such . 
  evidence from the us suggests this is not the case , non-gmo labelled food is very much a niche product . 
  my position is that we should take the latter approach . 
  this is essentially what we do with vegetarian foods in the uk , where companies can label their products suitable for vegetarians , but they are not forced to do so . 
  the minimums are also decided by the industry in this sense rather than the government . 
  so they could decide that at least 95 % of the product needs to be non-gmo to be labeled as such , rather than the 99 % + that is currently the case ( thus necessitating complete separation ) . 
  this should be the case for all labeling unless there are legitimate allergy and health concerns , then this should be labeled . 
  in the us gmos have to meet three conditions : ( i ) nutritional value is not to be lower , ( ii ) no new substance is to be added that is not already in the food chain , and ( iii ) no new allergenic substances if they 're not to be expressly labelled . 
  hence , labeling is required only if new substances are added to gm food that was not in similar conventional food . 
  this seems like a pretty sensible policy to me . 
  it 's the production line issue / u/10ebbor10 mentioned . 
  it essentially means that it is not cost efficient to use gmo crops , and hence they do n't use them . 
  this pushes all our food costs up , whether we care about gmo or not . 
  a fairer way to approach this would be for companies to just produce non-gmo food for those that care about it . 
  good article that goes over the issue and costs associated with it [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jon-entine/the-real-cost-of-mandator_b_8865742.html ), 
  it was an overseas territory like the falklands i believe . 
  yes and the us positioning its troops here does n't change that fact . 
  it 's a bit of a non-argument . 
  they withdrew most of their troops post 1991 too . 
  yes i know they supply them with arms , but that 's completely different to any kind of real protective agreement .
