  it does n't include children or the old but it will include the disabled as long as they 're working age ( 16-65 ) . 
  you know i was looking at this now . 
  why is the employment rate in america so god awful ? 
  [ apparently ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/employment-rate ) only 60 % of the working age population actually have a job . 
  the figure for france is 64 % and in germany 74 % . 
  this is just bizarre . 
  [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/productivity ), 
  in the uk 80 % of the population live in urban areas . 
  even if no muslims at all live in rural areas that still only puts the urban population at 6.25 % . 
  even in london , where apparently 37 % of muslims live , only 12 % of the population is muslim . 
  besides , not sure why this would change perceptions unless this is a poll of people purely living in muslim dominated suburbs of london ... 
  [ general public showing yet again that they really have no idea . 
  ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3188/perceptions-are-not-reality-the-top-10-we-get-wrong.aspx ) when you look at statistics like this you realise why cameron goes after benefits in his renegotiation , as well as why people are so bothered about immigration . 
  their perceptions are no where close to reality . 
  it 's not accurate . 
  it 's accurate in some cities but not in most otherwise the estimates would n't be this far out ( that is to say the muslim population would be larger ) . 
  also i would assume these are surveys of the general population not people living in `` big cities '' . 
  these wrong perceptions are driven by media narrative , it 's the same reason people think benefit fraud is so much more common than it actually is . 
  it 's not even really a new thing for france anyway , they had 9 % unemployment precrisis and it 's now just a little over 10 % . 
  unlike greece that had a precrisis unemployment rate of ~ 8 % and a current rate of ~ 24 % ... 
  on the plus side , productivity is still good . 
  a frenchman could have half of friday off and they 'd still produce more than an englishman ... 
  being anti-immigration is n't necessarily a right/left issue . 
  americans . 
  the lack of brackets offends me . 
  look at the size of the circles . 
  for those countries everyone 's circles are close to the size of the host country 's perception . 
  but for italy for instance they 're all over the place . 
  there is sdf and southern front . 
  together they are larger than any group in the war except the saa . 
  switzerland , sweden and germany seem the most accurate actually . 
  they think their country is good , and so does everyone else . 
  eu countries spend 40-60 % of gdp on government services . 
  in the us this figure is around 35 % . 
  spending 1.5 % of gdp extra on their military would not mean removing their social safety nets . 
  he 's just using the / r/europe upvote formula . 
  they have an app that checks if you 're related i think lol, 
  [ yea i just looked it up too ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/divorce/bulletins/divorcesinenglandandwales/2013 ) , seems 42 % end in divorce as you say and 71 % in 2013 were to those in their first marriage . 
  so if we exclude the people going through multiple marriages the figure is probably somewhere around the 30 % range , so not quite as bad . 
  still pretty high though !, 
  europe does n't support the pkk . 
  unfortunately , erdogan labels almost all kurdish groups as pkk so treats them the same . 
  he even thinks the hdp is linked to them . 
  to be honest marriage seems kinda bullshit these days . 
  something like 60 % of them end in divorce , and it just becomes messy . 
  perhaps i 'll change my mind as i get older , but atm it seems kinda like a waste of time and money . 
  it was posted on / r/europe before too , i remember criticising it as bullshit the last time it was posted . 
  never did get a source for the figures ... 
  this was my suspicion too . 
  i 've actually read on here studies showing that recent immigrants are no more likely to perform sexual assaults than natives too . 
  no harm to see if there is new information though . 
  na that was earlier , in 2012 afaik , when he wanted to bomb assad . 
  the decision after the paris attacks was whether to bomb isis in syria and succeeded . 
  uk schedule is most like the french one i guess , we would start 8-9 and finish 5-6 . 
  it 's rare to start before 8 or finish after 6 . 
  daily work hours are 7-8 per day . 
  at least you get some new paint , here in england we are still using trains that are converted buses from the 80s . 
  they were only supposed to be used for a short time period haha . 
  freaking northern ... 
  is sexual assault actually a large issue , and is it a larger issue now than in the past ? 
  do you have statistics for germany ? 
  i do n't know about that case but libel laws are definitely much stronger in the uk compared to the us . 
  it 's very difficult to sue anyone in america due to the constitution . 
  free speech is much more protected . 
  i think likely the reason he was arrested is he did it on twitter with an audience . 
  if he 'd just gone and said it to her face alone it likely would n't have amounted to anything because it would be hard to say he was inciting anything . 
  after all you ca n't exactly incite hatred if you do n't have an audience . 
  the law is inciting racial or religious hatred ( 2006 act ) . 
  he was probably arrested due to the latter . 
  brexiters would probably say when it comes to the eu budgets always have to suffer :p, 
  how does that work , we rely on trade with europe far more than the other way round . 
  do n't they want an independent state ? 
  i do n't know much about the ideology to be honest . 
  it 's probably like most nationalist groups struggling for independence . 
  there used to be a lot of this in europe before 2000 with the ira in ni and basque nationalists in spain/france . 
  i 'm not sure you can really say they would n't be able to run their country though , i mean just look at sinn fein now , they had a lot of links to the ira for instance . 
  pkk is a militant wing too , not a political construct . 
  why does n't turkey give the regions more independence like we did with ni , does anyone know ? 
  i guess it 's a good election tool for erdogan ... 
  i think a lot of people on the left like her . 
  i have a friend that is like this , she would never vote cdu but she was saying that many on the left support merkel due to her policy on the refugees . 
  cdu is in coalition though , they do n't just work on their own . 
  it 's not just cdu policy , it 's the government 's policy , and they ca n't go rightwards while still in coalition with a left-wing party . 
  i take your point though , perhaps cdu being on their own would n't change anything either . 
  voters need a 3rd party that cdu would actually go into coalition with i guess . 
  sounds pretty sensible no ? 
  agreed , it 's more of a personal wish as i love traveling to different places and mixing with different people . 
  fully aware it will likely never happen haha !, 
  i would support freedom of movement between all developed countries as well as trade liberalisation personally . 
  so not just anglosphere but places like singapore , taiwan , south korea , japan . 
  no doubt these countries would be against it though . 
  but yes any expansion of freedom of movement is good with me , as long as the countries have similar level of economic development . 
  another few million per year would be my guess . 
  but at the end of the day the alternative is the spd that is even more pro refugee lol . 
  ironically if they wanted to reduce the refugee numbers they should vote cdu so that they do n't have to be in coalition with spd . 
  voting for afd is just a waste of time , they will never get in government . 
  most of them are , because they 're just ordinary people like you or me . 
  someone posted a thread the other day about terrorist attacks in western europe . 
  turns out most attacks are perpetrated by far right activists , not muslims .
