  [ this is what we are calling sliding in the polls . 
  - ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ \u5350\u5350\u5350\u5350 do n't mind me just taking my mods for a walk, 
  haha . 
  / u/dclauzel it seems is the most popular moderator . 
  amusing given all the posts on / r/europemeta :d, 
  i 'm not very patriotic . 
  i will defend my country if i feel others are criticising it unjustly though . 
  i do n't really like extreme patriotism or nationalism , i think it blinds people to problems within a country and promotes blaming your inadequacies on others . 
  we do n't randomly start chatting to people in queues . 
  well unless it 's a club queue and we 're drunk . 
  [ extreme ironing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extreme_ironing ), 
  it means progress is made much faster though . 
  in the uk everything is so ideologically driven so you get a decade of conservative `` progress '' followed by 10 years of labour trying to dismantle and change whats happened before . 
  in a grand coalition that no longer has to happen and they can work on a programme that works for both sides . 
  it 's also more democratic because a single party ca n't impose its will on the population with such small vote shares as what happens in the uk . 
  here it could almost be described as tyranny of the minority . 
  indeed , there are a few outlier polls , but most are putting cdu/csu on 37-39 % compared to the 42 % they got at the election . 
  spd would have to get much better results to be able to form any kind of alternative coalition ( atm they are polling 22-24 % compared with 26 % at the 2013 election ) . 
  would any party want to work with afd either ? 
  aragon is rightful french clay anyway , as is all clay in europe ... 
  an account made for a specific purpose , generally so that a user can post certain things without them being linked back to their main account . 
  i think with the rebate we get a really good deal these days to be honest . 
  we 're one of the smallest contributors per capita . 
  common agricultural policy . 
  this presupposes the citizens of other eu countries are ok with the current level of integration never mind further integration . 
  it 's fair evident that 's not the case , and further integration without consultation could lead to collapse . 
  you ca n't rush these things . 
  agreed , the benefit reforms are total nonsense . 
  they wo n't change immigration to any great degree and they 'll barely save us any money at all anyway . 
  if such reforms are reciprocated they will actually probably lose british citizens money . 
  the main benefit is a more even distribution of migrants within the eu . 
  this means some states are n't overburdened . 
  without a quota system dublin ii is essentially dead in the water and schengen may soon follow . 
  i do n't know about either of those places , but london is doing fine . 
  the multicultural aspect is one of the best things about london . 
  would you classify a city with a minority white american population as no longer even an american city ? 
  why does someone have to be white to be british ? 
  at the 2011 census 37 % of the london population was foreign born , and i bet most of those are still british citizens . 
  quite frankly statements such as yours are terribly insulting to the huge number of british people that are n't white . 
  personally i could n't give a rats ass what colour skin someone has , but perhaps you 're different . 
  [ read full explanation here . 
  ] ( http://www.standardandpoors.com/en_us/web/guest/article/-/view/type/html/id/1566560 ), 
  it 's almost entirely due to more political stability as well as syriza playing ball with the eu . 
   interest already makes 5 % of our state budget . 
  this will decrease over time even with increasing debt , and is n't a true representation of the [ real costs of borrowing . 
  ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/realinterestrate.asp ), 
  greece is in a currency union ( which means they can not set their own interest rates and do risk default among other things ) , and maintained deficits in excess of 5 % pa for decades while maintaining high levels of debt relative to the size of their economy . 
  czech republic is not in a currency union with anyone , they have zero risk of default on government debt , they currently have a deficit of ~ 2 % which with growth of 4 % means a long run maximum debt to gdp of 50 % . 
  as to the interest paid on the debt , currently rates are very low at less than 1 % pa on 10y government bonds . 
  now is exactly the time to be deficit spending . 
  you know why ? 
  because over the 10y these bonds are issued the return will probably be negative ( so it is essentially free borrowing ) . 
  inflation is not going to stay at almost 0 % indefinitely , and when it rises above 1 % these bonds will be giving negative return on investment . 
  belgium already had high debt to gdp before the crisis , it did n't rise by much during the crisis and their deficit was n't that big . 
  their gdp also was n't that badly affected either . 
  italy was in a similar situation although their economy was slightly more hammered by the crisis . 
  spain , cyprus , ireland , portugal and greece were all much worse hit , their debt to gdp doubled and they had massive deficits ( still do in some instances ) . 
  if you mean permanent opt-outs for everything , that would essentially dissolve the eu . 
  it would n't even work as a limited trade union . 
  you would basically be dealing with everyone individually . 
  as someone else said , this is n't what the eu is about . 
  realpolitik . 
  the alternative is to transfer power to the eu parliament / council and allow treaty change by qmv . 
  but that creates its own can of worms and could breed more resentment than the current system does . 
  ... well then the ruling makes total sense imo . 
  kids should n't be seperated from their parents !, 
  they 're not trying to , their military is not designed to face off against russia as i said . 
  if they increased spending it would improve capability abroad , but you have n't really explained why that would be a better use of money than say education or simply lower taxes . 
  i do n't see the benefit to the german people of being able to blow up foreigners slightly better than they do now . 
  how is that right-wing populist , immigration is n't popular in the uk . 
  saying you 're for high levels of immigration is completely the opposite of populism . 
  russia is n't a major threat to western europe , this has arguably always been the case ( due to nukes ) , but has definitely been the case since the cold war ended . 
  this is evident by nato strategy in europe . 
  for instance , during the 1980s nato countries maintained 31,000 tanks in total , much of which was stationed in west germany . 
  the germans themselves maintained 4,900 tanks alone . 
  compare this to today where the germans now maintain only 250 modern battle tanks . 
  it 's also true of troop numbers , during the cold war britain for instance stationed 10s of thousands of troops in germany , this is soon to be reduced to zero . 
  the us stationed 250,000 troops and now only station around 80,000 . 
  today 's armies are n't designed to defend against russia or any other major power in a total war scenario . 
  they 're designed to be deployed abroad and are leaner than in the past . 
  this could be changed if things deteriorate in russia , the budget is there for it , but capability elsewhere would have to be reduced . 
  but i think it 's unlikely that we 'll ever be looking at total war scenarios again , which was the assumption during the cold war . 
  however way you look at it slightly increased spending in germany is not going to make any difference in some total war scenario you 're outlining . 
  they will have slightly better capabilities abroad , that 's it . 
  but the germans are n't interested in conflict abroad anyway , so the personnel and equipment would just sit at home unused . 
  i do n't believe europe does need the us , even with current capabilities . 
  tell me what would be different in the eu if germany spent 1 % of gdp more on their military ? 
  germany spends more on their military than the entire of eastern europe combined btw . 
  ok but you 're cutting potential funds . 
  you 're still going to have to argue to the electorate why spending money on the military is better than education or something else ( cutting taxes for instance ) . 
  indeed , they dislike anyone that is n't domestic citizens basically , and even then that 's not always the case . 
  so you just ask people that are having spending cut on things they do n't use basically . 
  in which case its not surprising they would approve . 
  how would taking money from education and likes and putting it into the military help the german people ? 
  germany 's military is mostly for self defense is it not ? 
  it 's not surprising they ca n't competently do operations overseas . 
  would they answer the same if you told them they 'll have to pay higher taxes to pay for it ? 
  even then , we did n't really get involved , we just paid others to maintain the balance of power on the continent for us . 
  but a minority of the electorate , so still tyranny of the minority as i said .
