  too many comments about fascist mods to release apparently lol, 
  me too . 
  fuck their weather though , too cold !, 
  a penis i thought ... also a shovel now i look closer . 
  damn that 's really good !, 
  as with most people in this thread you just messed up the uk a little !, 
  haha oh god . 
  i saw holland and was like `` if i was belgian i 'd be insulted '' , and then i saw central / eastern europe . 
  this is actually pretty good . 
  the uk looks totally ridiculous though !, 
  do you have a problem with italians or something ? 
  yea the eastern / se europe area is kinda fucked up on that map lol, 
  labour rises taxes in first budget since economic collapse , big shocker !, 
  it 's a good thing they did raise the top rate , lord knows how destructive the cuts could have been otherwise . 
  just look at the difference between the [ 2010 budget ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/aeb223b2faa6c4237a19d2776e14b029.png ) ( pink coalition proposals , blue labour ) and the [ 2015 budget . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/5c9da9921650371de0e9cbad8e033ff2.png ) it 's like night and day , no surprise the conservatives want the poor the bear the brunt of the cuts , after all they were the ones that caused the banking crisis and benefitted from the overinflated stock / housing market !, 
  he 's wrong on the deficit , but he is right about everything else . 
  well , i mean i 'd give them more credit than just creating employment , but aside from that ... as far as the cuts being socially destructive , he 's likely referring to the fact that the cuts are [ falling on the backs of the poor ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/5c9da9921650371de0e9cbad8e033ff2.png ) . 
  this is unsurprising , the poor benefit from the state far more than the rich do , which is why the cuts should have been accompanied by equal tax rises , which the tories have n't done . 
  there have of course been some tax rises , but the largest of which [ were brought in by labour pre coalition government ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/aeb223b2faa6c4237a19d2776e14b029.png ) ( blue are labour changes , pink lib-con coalition ) . 
  they also were n't at all equal in distribution to the cuts to the state as i already pointed out . 
  it kinda is , if it was n't we would n't need the welfare system that we have . 
  granted it 's mostly a london problem though . 
  it 's partly a self defeating cycle , politicians ignore you so it 's not worth voting . 
  i mean we had clegg going on about removing tuition fees in 2010 , got a huge # of young people to vote for him then raised tuition fees after being elected . 
  you ca n't blame young people for being apathetic when every government decision seems to slap them in the face . 
  it 's a loan i believe . 
  that would require a statistically significant number of people posting on far right subreddits that are n't that way inclined . 
  i doubt that is the case . 
  we 're talking about thousands of users here , one or two stumbling on a far right subreddit is n't going to skew the statistics . 
  edit : also the mods know this is happening , so it 's not just conspiracies . 
  brigading is very real . 
  it 's not happening anymore because these are regular posters here now , but it most definitely happened in the past . 
  uk people have a fairly positive view of muslims , one of the highest in the entire eu at around 70 % of [ those polled ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/02/chapter-3-anti-minority-sentiment-not-rising/ ) having a positive opinion . 
  as i said , it 's mostly about control , which is why the eu is the focus . 
  those coming from outside the eu are perceived to contribute more because they would n't get a visa without required skills and a job . 
  if we could control eu immigration only those with skills we need and a job would be able to come here , so that would drastically reduce the number coming . 
  the muslim comments you 're referring to are probably to do with asylum seekers . 
  people do have issue with these people , in that they tend to be a drain on the economy . 
  they 're not referring to people that immigrate here through the regular channels . 
  we have built up a sizeable population of refugees over the last few decades , mostly from pakistan i believe . 
  oh and there was quite a lot of immigration fraud actually until recently . 
  bogus education institutions that do n't exist and the likes . 
  this was n't a small number of people either , 10s of thousands per year . 
  mostly from india i believe . 
  people have issue with this as well , although it 's mostly fixed now . 
  far right invasion . 
  1/4 of the regular posters on these boards are also posters on far right subreddits . 
  if that 's the case it 's definitely something they should work against . 
  illegal immigrants can and should be deported too . 
  you really think the new labour leadership are more leftist than the french socialists ? 
  i do n't see that at all , i mean hollande is the guy that actually went forward with a 75 % top rate of tax , the most the current leadership are talking about is 50 % in the uk . 
  they want to renationalise some stuff , but france never privatized such things to begin with , so there is no push to go backwards on that front . 
  of course you have your state spending too , which is almost 60 % of gdp at the moment . 
  the most we 'll ever see in the uk is 45 % of gdp and that would be with a deficit . 
  then the labour laws and collective bargaining etc is far more pervasive than the uk . 
  i mean from my perspective it seems your politicians are n't quite as ideological as ours . 
  the conservatives here will privatize everything they can possibly get away with , and they 're cutting the size of the state 22 % over 10 years . 
  there 's no way they would have held onto their stake in edf for instance if they had a british equivalent . 
  they 'd rather we pay the chinese to build our infrastructure instead !, 
  on social issues , i suppose on some . 
  gay marriage , sure , and abortion . 
  but things like drug policy ? 
  civil liberties ? 
  social mobility ? 
  i think the conservatives are backwards compared to european parties on most of those issues . 
  if it 's anything to do with religion they 're good these days , but otherwise pretty crappy . 
  i suppose they 're better on social mobility than they were in the past , i do have to give them credit in some ways . 
  for instance no more grammar schools ( some may disagree with me on that ) , and they 've worked against discrimination in that when you go for a job i think it will soon be name-blind ( if you have a foreign sounding name it 's harder to get a job ) . 
  gove is bringing in some good reforms on the prison service too , so that it becomes more about rehabilitation instead of punishment . 
  they 're definitely behind europe on these issues though as i said , but ahead of their american counterpart . 
  there 's a few groups of people : 1 . 
  those that just want to reduce immigration full stop , in that sense both are equally bad . 
  those that want to massively reduce eu immigration but are semi-ok with people from places like australia and canada as they see them as having a more similar culture . 
  those that are fine with eu immigrants but just want more controls . 
  we can control the numbers coming from ex-colonies , and we can control what skills the people that arrive have . 
  for eu immigrants we ca n't do this . 
  so we get a lot of people coming here with skills we do n't need , as well as people with skills that we do . 
  people that do n't care and are fine with immigration as is . 
  it 's not a major issue for them either way . 
  i think probably # 3 are the biggest group . 
  for older people i think it 's more about changing culture and wanting to keep things the same . 
  for the younger it 's more about jobs and perceived ( rightly or wrongly ) competition and wage deflation . 
  it 's somewhat representative of the university demographic . 
  / r/ukpolitics is exactly the same , but from the other end politically on many topics . 
  as is the case in this sub . 
  reddit is n't conducive to a balanced discussion without heavy moderation . 
  even then it 's difficult with larger communities , the voting system promotes circlejerk comments and self-censorship . 
  the number of eu immigrants coming to the uk only really increased after the enlargement . 
  if we were still just dealing with western europe it would n't be an issue numbers wise . 
  it 's worth it for the fdi imo . 
  e. europe would n't have developed at nearly the speed that they have outside the eu . 
  [ germany is a special case . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denazification ) one of the key characteristics of the nazi 's was historical revisionism , and the germans do n't want to ever let such views become acceptable or pervasive . 
  so they do tend to have slightly more controlling laws as far as free speech is concerned , but it 's for very good reasons . 
  perhaps not needed any more i do n't know , a german could probably answer that better than me . 
  this is n't hate speech . 
  are you not aware that this has a very specific legal definition in germany ? 
  you ca n't just apply it to everything . 
  this is just blatant scaremongering .
