  we also tend to be closer to the usa , which the russians do not like . 
  we are more natural enemies essentially . 
  do you call them roma ? 
  if they were n't called that i doubt they would get mixed up . 
  that 's the perception i get from polish users on / r/europe too . 
  so then you must admit the likely outcome is a closed immigration system that would be economically harmful to the uk . 
  barely anyone is putting the positive case for immigration , and those that do are more than drowned out by the government and the media . 
  as to the xenophobic nature , your perception on this probably depends where you grew up . 
  i was born in a poor and deprived part of the country that is heavily eurosceptic , people do n't like foreigners here . 
  i went to university in london and the perception there was different , full of middle class people that are not your stereotypical ukip voter . 
  but the latter make up large swaths of the country , you just wo n't interact with them if you 're from london or most other places in the south . 
  they 're the ones that will decide our immigration policy if we leave the eu . 
  the intra-eu trade surplus is very minor as i recall . 
  this surplus is driven by trade outside the eu . 
  you really believe so trucidator ? 
  why would the uk public suddenly change their mind on immigration ? 
  why would we suddenly let in even more immigrants ? 
  if we leave our immigration policy will be driven by the xenophobic attitude of it 's citizens , not what is actually best economically . 
  this is inevitable , people want to live with others that come from similar backgrounds , and it 's been going on forever . 
  think chinatown in ny for instance . 
  it 's not necessarily a problem . 
  i 'm from london and do n't see it as an issue here , and we have a massive foreign born population . 
  that 's bizarre , are there so many people in sweden that speak english but not swedish ? 
  why are people getting their knickers in a twist about 2 % of the population lol . 
  i live in yorkshire . 
  it 's only the north-east ( leeds and higher ) that has soft water unfortunately . 
  why ? 
  2 minutes and it 's boiling . 
  i always use the microwave to avoid limescale ending up in my tea . 
  haha did n't realise that . 
  sounds like a total disaster . 
  much easier to get people to riot when the population is small too i would think . 
  you 'd need to use the same data source , these numbers vary wildly depending upon how they 're collated . 
  [ the un data exists , but it 's not in the right format . 
  ] ( http://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/migration/data/estimates2/estimates15.shtml ), 
  well it would be the noble thing to do , that does n't really mean they will do it however . 
  guess we 'll have to see !, 
  it 's not really surprising , economic indicators for russia over the next few years are going to improve massively as they adjust to the lower oil price . 
  i really doubt it 's gone down in absolute terms , but perhaps in relative terms . 
  in the us if a state is close to insolvency does n't the federal government step in and force the creditors to take a cut in their debt ? 
  i suppose that happened with greece back in 2012 or something , the cut should have been larger though . 
  i suppose this may have caused the greek banks to become insolvent themselves , but this could have been dealt with separately rather than letting all the other european banking institutions off the hook . 
  ca n't the parties just elect a new pm ? 
  why would they want to have an election now that they 'd lose ? 
  that 's what would happen in the uk at least . 
  intriguing , i 've never seen past the first two images before . 
  yes , there 's no reason today 's citizens should be paying the price for past development . 
  we should pay more because we are richer , more able and have better technology , but that applies to america too . 
  either way there is not much point reducing emissions if we do so simply by sending high emission industry offshore . 
  we need to make sure european industry and european exports remain competitive , and that 's not helped by high energy prices pushing up costs . 
  what global climate agreements have binding targets for china and the us ? 
  what enforcement mechanisms are there ? 
  that depends on your carbon price really . 
  it 's not a global cost countries are paying either so you 're basically penalising yourself for the benefit of the competition . 
  some kind of carbon tariff would be effective but it would cost consumers massively . 
  they were technically a colony , but not in the sense that most countries were . 
  which is what he was obviously referring to . 
  counterpoints on that front would be places like hong kong or singapore , not america . 
  america was n't really a colony , it was an extension of the uk ( in terms of citizenship , culture and technology ) . 
  this is the case for all the anglosphere countries . 
  yea i doubt it , i 'm probably just going to stick with not using the subreddit style anyhow . 
  i like all the subreddits to look the same personally and i 'm happy with the base theme . 
  heh intriguing , seems you 're right . 
  what 's your opinion on different colours for things other than titles ? 
  for instance on your css everything is white , which means the titles do not stand out as much as they do on default . 
  for instance [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/88a254c8e8e780e26db64b3c0093c5c0.png ) is on / r/europe default . 
  notice how the title is the only thing that is actually white , which draws your eyes to it . 
  the hours , username , comments , share , save etc are all in a different colour . 
  i think this works much better personally . 
  the title should be the brightest article on the page . 
  having the other components different colour allows your eyes to more easily discern different information easily . 
  [ like this . 
  nice theme , i 'd make the bar at the top much smaller though . 
  i also like alternating shades on the front page too personally . 
  does anyone have gdp growth component breakdown ? 
  you have real growth , which is reported in the op . 
  you also have nominal ( usd ) growth that is mostly affected by currency exchange rate . 
  you also have nominal ( local currency ) growth , which is mostly affected by inflation . 
  real growth was negative , nominal local currency growth was positive , nominal usd growth was negative ( massively , russian nominal gdp in 2014 was $ 1.9 trillion and in 2015 $ 1.2 trillion lol ) . 
  figures [ here . 
  how are we different ? 
  - we are more isolationist - we are more economically right wing , but more socially left wing in some ways - we are less religious , this is the main reason for lack of social conservatism these days what makes me proud to be british ? 
  - i feel like my country , along with america and the west in general does a good job of pushing western liberal values outside of europe . 
  i believe this is beneficial for foreign countries citizens in general in the long run . 
  i believe british soft power is unmatched considering the size of our country . 
  this is partly because of our institutions which are first rate , but also because of our government 's diplomatic clout - i like that the current government has made foreign aid a priority , although i do think it could be much better spent - i like that we 're not afraid to get involved militarily if it is needed , although , like america and the french ( both similar ) , we do make mistakes in this regard sometimes, 
  this is why there are so many / pol/tards here . 
  it 's one of the highest quality daily papers yes . 
  it leans left though so i guess i can see why people in here think it 's trash . 
  it 's the left equivalent of the daily telegraph . 
  our government does n't even accept that is a problem , it is actually a positive in their mind if chinese , russian and arabs buy up all of london but never live here ... 
  i 'm not on pc atm so ca n't dbl check this but as i recall the side bar ( right hand one ) is larger with the subreddit style than without it due to the picture . 
  i 'd suggest making the picture smaller so that the front page is the same format with and without subreddit style . 
  the central article title area should be as large as possible , and both side bars as small as possible . 
  ironically i think this side bar was designed with small screen users in mind . 
  that is to say one of the reasons it is on the side is that if it was on the top some of the buttons would n't be usable for small screen users . 
  i do agree with you btw . 
  100 % this . 
  it is style over substance . 
  i do n't really know why the designers are trying to engineer people into using these buttons more either .
