  as i said , they are loosely linked , but to suggest they are one and the same would be incorrect . 
  of course i realise the turks do n't see it that way . 
  indeed it is , the ez should really have their own sovereign parliament and executive . 
  it should have been this way from the beginning . 
  that way they can pass their own regulations etc without it penalising non-euro countries . 
  equally non-euro countries wo n't be able to block necessary further integration within the eurozone . 
  requirements to join the ez should be dropped , and the eu expanded to include more countries that can choose to join the ez if they wish to do so . 
  this is quite a biased description , the ypg is part of the political group which control rojava and are only very loosely associated with the pkk . 
  the ypg are the main fighting force against isis it should be noted . 
  looks like this may be the end to schengen then . 
  germany is n't just going to keep accepting all of europe 's refugees . 
  he 's not wrong , refugee costs have increased government expenditure which has improved growth . 
  of course they could have spent this money elsewhere potentially but they were n't planning to as far as i 'm aware . 
  it 's the solution to the issue of net debt ballooning in the future yes , for the reasons i already explained . 
  that report seems to suggest the data is inconclusive but the impact on gdp per capita is negligible . 
  this would suggest it increases nominal gdp ( population is increasing and stable per capita gdp means higher gdp ) , which is what decreases net debt . 
  i was n't making an assessment on the kind of immigration we should have , just that immigration in general reduces net debt and improves demographic problems . 
  i would agree that immigration from richer countries is probably better than from poorer ones . 
  well no they 're not guessed they 're estimated based upon what we do know now . 
  just as is the case with this report we 're discussing . 
  i know that the issue to lower worker participation over time , and immigration increases that figure . 
  immigration is the [ solution ] ( https://gyazo.com/5c00024e3402ecd16b9b478763923efc ) not the [ problem . 
  growth in germany is always good , both for the germans themselves and other european countries . 
  it 's not just about exports , if growth is better germans have more money , which means they 're more likely to go on holiday to places like greece . 
  their exports may become cheaper too , which is good for countries that import from germany . 
  companies inside germany may spend more outside germany ( on subsidiaries , factories abroad etc ) , fdi may increase to countries such as greece etc. 
  there 's no reason germany should be maintaining budget surpluses at the moment , if anything they should have minor deficits . 
  i presume he 's talking about the german budget surplus , in which case you could spend it on anything , lower taxes , higher welfare , better infrastructure . 
  probably the latter is the best use of the money at the moment . 
  german growth is kinda lackluster , yet you 're sitting on all this cash for no apparent reason . 
  db is not going anywhere , they are the very definition of tbtf . 
  if there are any issues ( and that 's a big if ) , the german government will bail them out . 
  do banks have negative interest rates in the eu ? 
  i was n't aware that was the case . 
  if it 's a large amount of money you obviously would n't have the money in a current account . 
  sure , but compared to france / germany ? 
  no there is a civil war in the east of the county too . 
  there was the minsk agreement negotiated by the aforementioned countries that was supposed to end it , although it has n't been that successful . 
  not sure it is even cheaper . 
  if the government gives a foreign country a load of money they get none of it back . 
  if they give a load of migrants inside their country money they get a large proportion of it back in taxes and growth . 
  weird that we got so much considering we were n't even invaded . 
  probably something to do with the us having much more invested in britain than other countries . 
  i do n't recall us doing much in ukraine though ? 
  was n't it the french and germans that negotiated the ceasefire , i do n't believe britain was involved . 
  he 's suggesting the uk is just an american lackey that always votes the same way as them and has the same opinion . 
  no , turkey does n't even give them official refugee status , i.e they do n't process their asylum claims . 
  that 's why so many of them come to europe to begin with , greece is one of the first states that will actually grant them asylum as the neighbouring states refuse to do so . 
  it 's a combination of young user base and grass is greener feeling i think . 
  man this is so true in the case of america . 
  if all you saw of america is what you read on reddit you 'd assume it was some war zone or something . 
  the truth is that most countries in the west are pretty great and the problems in the media heavily exaggerated . 
  i too see it in my own media about the uk , every day there is a new crisis it seems . 
  do you guys even use the term downtown ? 
  i 've never heard anyone in europe refer to somewhere by that name . 
  figured it was exclusively an american term . 
  this list seems to be based upon a survey : `` gallup asked people which of the following three charitable acts they had undertaken in the past month : - helped a stranger , or someone they did n't know who needed help ? 
  - donated money to a charity ? 
  - volunteered your time to an organisation ? '', 
  so take it with a grain of salt i think . 
  it 's not based around how much people give or anything , just those three questions . 
  it 's quite a useful measure though i think , as it means even poor countries can be represented . 
  they 've been posting a fair amount of dodgy articles recently tbh . 
  australia has actually won more medals than england in the commonwealth games , especially recently . 
  but the vattenfall case is exactly what i 'm talking about , it was politically motivated and targetted at a specific foreign company . 
  good post on this [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/390p5l/over_2000000_europeans_have_now_signed_the/cs0hyfx ) in the case of philip morris , they obviously believe they have a case , although i do believe they recently lost their case against australia on this issue . 
  if countries are passing laws that are created specifically to target foreign companies , damn right they should have an independent avenue to sue for damages . 
  it 's to stop special interest groups politicising certain issues . 
  joe public does n't have the required knowledge to give meaningful input in the negotiating process , i 'm not sure why they should be given access before it is completed . 
  we already see this with how they 're misrepresenting isds cases and causing issues there , despite isds being a pretty good idea and accepted principle in trade deals . 
   by your own logic they could talk to an organization that represents businesses from all sectors . 
  there is no such organisation , and i 'm not sure what would be the benefit in creating one . 
  it is much easier to talk to the businesses involved . 
  honestly i do n't really understand your issue here , it 's not like all relevant sectors wo n't get to give their input . 
  should businesses not get to give input into the negotiating process ? 
  to be honest if that happens this whole thing would be a win for europe overall . 
  kurds get more weaponry to kill isis , ukraine get more weaponry to combat russian holiday makers . 
  how russia reacts in ukraine is the question , if they increased their involvement in the conflict it would be negative overall . 
  i think this is what has led the west to not supply them arms so far . 
  i think it 's probably the larger unions that are representing workers in the ttip negotiations , primarily etuc . 
  they are not talking to the hundreds of smaller unions in the eu , and i 'm not sure why they should need to when they can talk to the larger unions that represent individuals from all sectors . 
  this is not really possible in the case of business where they need to talk to individual stakeholders . 
  how so ? 
  a union represents workers in many industries , they will have concerns in all areas whereas a car manufacturer for instance will just have concerns about cars . 
  same for environmental and consumer organisations , their area of focus is far more broad . 
  industry lobbyists have more specific industry concerns , it would make sense that they make up the majority of consultations . 
  this is a consequence of the euro , in a turbulent investing environment they will want to park their money where it is safest , which in the eurozone is the northern states like germany , france or the netherlands . 
  this causes rates to fall in these states , and to rise in others . 
  had these countries been outside the eurozone and had their own currency they would n't be suffering from this problem . 
  it 's something they really do need to look into tackling . 
  smaller countries such as portugal are especially vulnerable to this , as there is n't the assumption that the ez will protect them indefinitely . 
  to ukraine yes , and that meant other european states were without , but that was mostly a ukrainian caused issue not russian . 
  i have n't heard of any issues specifically between lithuania and russia . 
  but was russia unreliable for lithuania ? 
  charging a premium because they have a monopoly is n't exactly unreliable . 
  unless they were turning their gas off or something i do n't see the issue . 
   what is wrong with the euro ? 
  its been very beneficial for the eurozone members for trade , tourism and just making their lives easier . 
  greece is the only miss-step but that just greece being dumbasses .
