  they do the same in china , you get ghost cities that no one wants to live in yet the price keeps growing . 
  i mean for example let 's say the london planning authority just said to developers ok no sky limit you can build as high as you want wherever you want , i guarantee you our housing issue would disappear overnight . 
  but planning authorities ca n't do this they have to think about whether buildings fit in with the local environment , whether they fuck up the view , whether they mess with flight paths and things like this . 
  the land scarcity is self-imposed , if it was a free market we would n't have this problem . 
  here in the uk the situation with affordable housing is kinda ridiculous as well . 
  for instance in 2013 there were 1.7 million people on council housing waiting lists in england . 
  people wait years for housing too . 
  the waiting list has n't gone below 1 million in the last decade . 
  in london alone the waiting list has been between 255,000 and 355,000 over the last decade . 
  well if they 're living there it 's fine , i thought you meant these blocks of flats that people just buy for investment and never live in . 
  eventually there will be a lack of people willing to buy luxury flats though ( as long as they 're living there ) and then more low-cost housing will be built instead . 
  i take your point but those in charge of planning for the city can prevent this happening . 
  if you mean automation as in everyone 's going to lose their jobs and have structural unemployment that 's not really something economists think will happen . 
  on skilled immigration , from outside the eu we can obviously control that . 
  from within we obviously can not , but at least for the uk what i can say is that eu immigrants tend to be more educated than uk workers on average . 
  whether you want high or low skilled immigrants really depends on your economy . 
  for instance many gulf countries almost exclusively want low-skilled immigration to work in their service industry while in the uk we want a mix of both . 
  i do n't have time to go find evidence for you ( although i 'm sure it exists ) but just to explain the basics of this , older individuals generally cost the state far more than younger people ( for instance see [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/471bd4285dcf07bb12349b0cee37043c.png ) a breakdown for the uk ) and pay far less tax . 
  so if you have an aging population due to lack of immigration / lack of children ( as european countries do ) it means over time the tax burden on the individuals working has to increase . 
  this means that inward investment will reduce and work incentives will be lower and thus growth ( per capita ) will reduce . 
  for instance in the uk the obr did some estimates of this effect on debt and employment rate that you can see [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/bfee658a3b436166da8a49a21b7de031.png ) and [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/8cabce5c14fdcb3f4b9ec83d18a46867.png ) . 
  now if you can get people to work till they 're older you can counteract this issue . 
  plus having non-state funded health care and no pensions too , although this is n't the case for european economies . 
  for the uk it 's not a massive issue thanks to our immigration and fairly good fertility ( for european standards ) but some countries are going to suffer massively , [ germany ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/7f221fbccfd30e1c945e81a4eab51f39.png ) and [ poland ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/40663ed0a468a941d57a95271303ccbf.png ) come to mind for instance . 
  there are other arguments re : immigration and filling skills shortages and the likes as well . 
  seems like a pretty obvious case of lawbreaking then . 
  at least he showed to the public that the law exists and how ridiculous it is though . 
  do you know what kind of sentence he is looking at ? 
  let 's hope so !, 
  the european taxpayers are already paying off greece 's debt by giving them lower than market rate loans . 
  for instance for almost all ( perhaps not germany ) ez countries the interest on the bonds they had to issue to loan the money to greece ( via the esm ) will be far higher than the interest greece is paying . 
  low interest loans are essentially debt forgiveness by the back door . 
  this is how sovereign debt usually works . 
  you do n't actually pay it back you just outgrow it and pay off the interest . 
  when the bonds mature you pay them off with new bonds . 
  repeat indefinitely . 
  for instance [ look at the us debt ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/government-debt ) , it never decreases in nominal value . 
  the nominal debt is around 50 bn eur less now than it was before the restructuring . 
  government held assets i guess he means . 
  not really , brazil has visa-free access to the eu for instance ... as does mexico . 
  basically the entirety of the americas has visa-free access except for a few smaller countries . 
  interesting , did n't realise supercell was a finnish company . 
  so weird with small countries like finland how one company can provide so much tax money . 
  it 's like with nokia , back in their hayday they were a 5th of the countries exports . 
  obviously this is very different but still you would n't see these kind of headlines for most countries . 
  certainly in the uk , being a much larger country it would n't be feasible for this to happen . 
  i guess perhaps samsung is similar for south korea also providing a 5th of their exports , but i ca n't think of any other similar examples . 
  it would just be ez only . 
  i do n't really see what the big deal is , are you guys honestly bothered about turkey getting visa-free access ? 
  [ most of south america already has visa-free access to the eu ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/f672a882a9b93a659ad36509a48874a0.png ) ( green countries ) and they 're far poorer than turkey . 
  as to opening chapters for eu membership that 's a good thing , to join the eu turkey would have to reform their institutions and become more democratic . 
  perhaps it could actually help stop erdogan 's recent authoritarian changes and put turkey back on a good path . 
  as to them ultimately joining the eu or not that will be decided a long time from now and everyone has a veto . 
  i honestly do n't see how people can fault this on here . 
  it seems like a good deal and the only real solution . 
  no it 's not , [ immigrants are on average far better educated ] ( http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/ea019.pdf ) and younger than uk citizens . 
  you might find [ this ] ( http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/brexit05.pdf ) report illuminating too on the potential impact of brexit on the labour market . 
  it covers most of the complaints you have here . 
  if you have a sensible immigration policy this does n't cost anything , it actually allows the country to gain more money and become more competitive on the global stage . 
  i mean even uncontrolled immigration like we have in the eu ( freedom to work ) is beneficial economically for member states receiving those immigrants . 
  i do n't know why immigration is synonymous with refugees these days on here . 
  most immigrants are not refugees . 
  i mean for instance in the uk long term immigration in the year ending sept 2015 was 617,000 . 
  that 's just for the uk , for the eu as a whole it is millions every year coming here to work . 
  how does this show they are not independent ? 
  i support government policy too , am i also not independent ? 
  how about every other organisation that supports remaining ? 
  he 's always been like this ever since his days as a journalist . 
  [ you might find this article interesting . 
  ] ( http://www2.politicalbetting.com/index.php/archives/2016/05/14/boriss-flexible-approach-to-the-truth-appears-to-be-catching-up-with-him/ ), 
  to be honest people should be allowed to sing what they want . 
  something like this is always going to be political . 
  there is no way to avoid it . 
  this year 's final was so political . 
  you have russia in second and ukraine in first , winning with a song about russian genocide of the crimean people . 
  crazy . 
  that 's a good point and seems to be missed by people on here , even though they explicitly pointed out that the voting has n't changed at all , only how the results are presented . 
  russia came first in the public vote !, 
  holy shit ukraine will win !, 
  they should have done this the other way around and shown the popular vote breakdown . 
  turkey did n't have an act in the final ? 
  for sure, 
  holy shit looks like australia might actually win . 
  cheers !, 
  can someone explain the scoring ? 
  do they give points to 10 countries ? 
  yea he won last year 's contest partly because he used the stage well i think ? 
  russia has done similarly . 
  this was the song he won eurovision with ? 
  one of her parents is english though : - x, 
  so the question is , would you vote for the american entry ? 
  so many recognisable songs i would n't have thought were from sweden . 
  they have to involve themselves in everything ... 
  that russia set was so freaking good ... 
  belgium was kinda cheesy but i agree it was pretty good . 
  one of my favs too . 
  damn , that sandwich looked nice . 
  heh one of the few artists that seems to have done the music and lyrics themselves . 
  the act was good indeed but politics will stop them winning i think . 
  really awesome indeed,
