  you can [ see here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-32695399 ) what he 's after ( broadly speaking ) . 
  i think he 'll get the first point as it 's kind of meaningless and no problem for the eu to change it . 
  possibly the 4th depending upon if it 's permanent of temporary arrangement ( if permanent i do n't think he 'll get it as it infringes on freedom of movement ) . 
  he 'll get something on the 5th point . 
  for the 6th & 7th points i 'm not sure . 
  sorry son but it 's too late , you already have your own royal family , they 're called the kardashians . 
  are n't you thankful ? 
  i suppose you could go with the bush 's or the clinton 's too , even better !, 
  in terms of economics this group they 're referring to is set to release research suggesting everyone in the uk will be better off by afaik # 1400 per household ( remembering from an interview they did yesterday , the paper has n't been released yet ) . 
  there are other papers saying it would be a loss to each household by varying amounts . 
  essentially we 're going to see ` research ' from both sides between now & the referendum both saying we 'll be better off in or out depending upon their side . 
  but as i said i do n't think it will come down to the # amount , no one knows how it will effect us realistically . 
  they can come up with research to suggest whatever they want & it will undoubtedly all be wrong . 
  agreed , just because you have a right to do something does n't mean you should . 
  i could buy a house next to a mosque & stick a huge poster of muhammad in my window but i 'd be a bit of a dick for doing so . 
  that 'll be ` your majesty ' to you . 
  hardly surprising , there are vested interests on both sides to this debate . 
  some businesses certainly would benefit , others most definitely would not & many would n't be affected at all . 
  i do n't think it will come down to financial arguments in the end though , more the emotional arguments & whether you feel a part of the eu or not . 
  definitely not fashionable . 
  definitely a deal breaker when it comes to dating for me , the smell is rancid . 
  not necessarily , see the link i posted in the edit . 
  yes i think i was remembering wrong or misunderstood . 
  on the tv it was saying something about defaulting on the imf not meaning a default on the ecb loans but that does n't seem correct . 
  [ good article on it here . 
  ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-05-28/greek-endgame-here-probability-imf-default-now-70-says-deutsche-bank ) seems there is certainly time to find a solution afterwards if they want to but it will depend on the whim of the ecb & whether they suspend the ela . 
  if they default on the imf payment it 's not necessarily game over , take solace in that at least . 
  they can still remain in the eurozone if they miss the payment . 
  [ read more about it here . 
  ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-05-28/greek-endgame-here-probability-imf-default-now-70-says-deutsche-bank ), 
  cool , cheers . 
  i find it hard to find info about any of these experiments because none of them are english studies . 
  so it 's people from many demographics ? 
  not just poor people or unemployed people ? 
  is it unconditional ? 
  italy was going to do a ` basic income experiment ' too but it was n't unconditional & essentially amounted to a universal welfare for jobseekers . 
  they should pick people from all demographics for these kind of things to see how they react . 
  has worked well in previous trials but the west is very different & there has n't been a proper trial here yet . 
  if it works expect other countries to start doing similar trials in the future . 
  i 'm saying make sure everyone has the correct figures & go from there . 
  if people understood how most people on benefits live they may not support benefit cuts for instance . 
  if people knew how many immigrants actually live here they may not be so against immigration . 
  we need to educate people better on issues is what i 'm saying & there needs to be larger consequences for papers lying . 
  what i 'm referring to is with regards to immigration from outside the eu all the parties & the public are broadly in consensus . 
  people do n't have a problem with skilled migrants , which is what those from outside the eu are . 
  the conservative position is rather nonsensical & ukip are actually right on that point . 
  they want to control unskilled migration while staying within the eu , this is essentially impossible . 
  the only difference between labour & the conservatives is they 're not lying & actually being realistic . 
  i 'd rather all our parties did n't just lie to gain votes . 
  sure , but you 're hardly going to say you 're a ukip supporter if you only support 1/200 policies are you ? 
  i agree , the discourse with regards to ukip can be unhelpful . 
  you can be right to dismiss a party if you disagree with the majority of their views however , even if you agree on a small number of policies . 
  i would personally dismiss the conservatives & ukip with equal measure . 
  the problem with tackling immigration is often you 're basing policy on [ bad perceptions . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-wrong-about-nearly-everything-survey-shows-8697821.html ) we have a real issue with this in the uk . 
  people do n't know the facts & so they support policies that perhaps they would n't if they actually understood the real situation . 
  this does n't just fall under immigration policy either , you have the same problems with austerity , benefits payments , pensions ( people do n't understand at all how national insurance works ) . 
  regarding immigration specifically , a lot of that is going to die down after the eu referendum . 
  unskilled labour comes from within the eu & we ca n't control that . 
  but sure , we can crack down on people paying people below the minimum wage , but i think parties are already in broad consensus on this issue . 
  the only thing we really disagree on is the eu . 
  so , nothing to argue with each other about , we both agree violating their sovereignty is a bad idea . 
  i did n't say it 's entirely our fault , i said we are partly at fault . 
  we enforced our will on the people of iraq , rightly or wrongly & this pissed off a lot of people that have now chosen to join isis . 
  it does n't have to be damaging , no ideology is damaging as long as it is not fervently followed no matter the cost or realities of the situation . 
  for instance , as you said he believes in market forces . 
  so we should cut subsidies for renewables . 
  but the problem is the market does n't account for environmental damage . 
  from an environmental perspective we should have been cutting back on fossil fuels decades ago . 
  from a long term economic pov this would make sense too , although obviously not in the short term . 
  furthermore markets do n't account for health risks , so for instance pollution caused from traffic & the premature deaths associated with it . 
  i 'm using the word in the context of the person . 
  i 'm not criticising the entire ideology rather the parts carswell has professed to follow . 
  i do n't even disagree with all forms of libertarianism ( trade unions for instance are a libertarian idea i can get behind ) . 
  the reason does n't matter , can you not see how hypercritical these suggestions are ? 
  we would still be violating their sovereignty as russia is in ukraine . 
  it 's just entirely the wrong way to go about things as perceived civilized countries that respect the rights & laws of recognised sovereign nations . 
  isis needs followers , they recruit followers by portraying the west as invaders & those trying to destroy islam & the holy lands . 
  we invaded & occupied middle eastern states , we fund/support a state ( israel ) that continues to occupy / blockade a middle eastern state ( in their mind , i 'm not passing judgement either way ) . 
  are you saying that our foreign policy has had no impact at all on the growth of isis ? 
   they do n't have the military power to enforce their authority over half of their own country , i doubt they will pick a fight with anyone else . 
  that is the post i 'm responding to . 
  the legitimate libyan government does not have control over part of their state . 
  neither does ukraine . 
  that is the similarity . 
  furthermore russia is taking advantage of this & infringing on their sovereignty , which is exactly what people are suggesting we do in libya . 
  the reasons are different but the basic premise is the same : we do not respect their sovereignty . 
  of course if they get permission from the libyan government it is completely different but that is not what people are discussing here . 
  on your final point , isis has arisen in large part due to our intervention against foreign governments . 
  we are seen as invaders in their mind . 
  at least respecting the sovereignty of governments we ourselves recognise , let alone ones we do n't , should go someway to counteracting that narrative . 
  you do n't need to trust them , you can read the agreement when it 's released . 
  let 's not get our knickers in a twist over something that all signs point to not being a problem . 
  isds is there to prevent governments acting favourably to domestic business . 
  they can still legislate how that want they just ca n't be discriminatory . 
  furthermore companies can already sue governments this just takes the politics out of it and makes sure judicial decisions are fair . 
  for instance , in the uk judges are n't elected , but in america they are . 
  would you trust them to be impartial ? 
  they have to worry about being re elected & amp ; a case that may cause americans to lose jobs could jeopardise that quite heavily . 
  could say the same about ukraine .
