  wonder what the eu will use as an alternative , or just ditch the isds process entirely ? 
  i think the generally accepted opinion is the bbc has an establishment bias . 
  so at the moment that would give them a right wing bias , while during the labour years it was more left wing . 
  i do n't think this is true , but i do think we have the most right wing press in western europe . 
  we also have the most right wing politics ( and corresponding public opinion ) , which press opinion aligns itself to . 
  within the whole of europe , i think the eastern european states are far more right wing and conservative . 
  so i would assume their press is similar . 
  interesting , that kind of legitimises the case for refugees coming to europe in that instance , since greece is essentially their first port of harbour as it were . 
  it also explains why it 's so crucial for the eu to get turkey to play ball and give them asylum . 
  i remember someone pointed out yesterday , that the issue with this is it creates a lot of uncertainty around price for iran . 
  they wo n't know how much money they 're getting until the oil is delivered , so their profit could fluctuate wildly and they 'll have to do a lot of currency hedging to protect themselves . 
  this is because oil is still priced in usd , so it will have to be converted at the exchange rate upon delivery . 
  they ca n't say `` pay us xx euros for the oil '' , they have to say `` pay us xx dollars for the oil , which will then be converted to euros upon delivery '' . 
  when the sale is made the exchange could be , 1 usd to 0.9 eur for instance , then by the time delivery is actually made 1 usd to 0.8 eur . 
  so they were expecting 0.9 eur but they ended up getting 0.8 eur . 
  you would have thought it would be better to just be paid in usd and then convert this money into euros when convenient / it is most profitable to do so . 
  the fact they 're not suggests they 're extremely scared about usd funds being seized and do n't want to hold onto any usd stockpile at all . 
  it 's also bad for tourists visiting or businesses wanting to invest because they get less bang for their buck . 
  however , it 's good for domestic citizens wanting to travel abroad or invest abroad because you get the opposite effect . 
  i ca n't read that , but turkey is a signatory to the 1967 protocol , which removed geographic restrictions . 
  did they decide to leave geographic restrictions in place ( possible under the 1967 protocol , but only if a signatory to the 1951 convention , as turkey was ) ? 
  so many of the refugees in turkey have n't actually been provided asylum officially , would that be correct ? 
  thanks for the link . 
  i gave it a read , and i also did some more research . 
  it seems that currently regions and countries can offer psos without competition . 
  so as it stands at the moment the government can offer contracts to whoever they want , thus allowing nationalised operators ( like in france / germany for instance ) to maintain their essential monopolies . 
  however , these pso 's must be clearly designated such that the subsidy given to public sector companies is clear ( this seems to be the issue scotland had in your link ) . 
  at the moment however , the fourth railways package is currently going through the eu legislature . 
  this would make it illegal to give the contracts to whoever they want , and the bidding must be open to competition . 
  this would then remove the possibility of nationalised monopoly and create competition between line operators . 
  germany and france however are heavily against changing this , because they both currently have essentially nationalised monopoly rail companies ( db/sncf ) . 
  so we 'll have to see if the fourth railways package passes the eu legislature . 
  but you would be right in saying the commission does have a liberalization agenda and they would try to stop further nationalisation if possible . 
  strictly speaking there are ways around this liberalization agenda at the moment , but this may not always be the case . 
  have you seen a legal opinion that would suggest nationalisation is not possible due to other directives ( the railways directives do n't seem to suggest so ) ? 
  i realise freight would have to be exempt , i was n't suggesting that would be nationalised . 
  all i can find is the opinions of journalists which i 'm not really interested in . 
   first and second railway directives as i said , these do not cover domestic trains ( look at the legislation , i linked it previously ) , only international trains . 
  they ensure free access to the lines for international travel , as well as requiring separation between the provision of transport services ( i.e. 
  train companies ) and the operation of the infrastructure . 
  what this means is that they must be distinct entities , but there is no requirement for them to be private . 
  as an example , belgium must give free access to their lines in belgium to a company operated in france that wants to create a direct route between paris and brussels . 
  they are under no obligation to give free access to a french company wanting to create a route between brussels and antwerp though as this is purely a domestic city to city connection , not international . 
  in the uk being an island we do n't have this issue , so all train travel aside from the eurostar is essentially domestic only . 
  it 's a goldmine for conservatives this kind of rhetoric . 
  it 's the only time you can cut government spending and people wo n't kill you for it . 
  not surprising they would take full advantage of this , consequences be damned . 
  there 's nothing preventing railway renationalisation to my knowledge . 
  the eu directive concerning this only covers travel between countries . 
  i 'll quote a previous post i made on this issue : `` i think possibly the key to this legislation is the following line : [ * `` member states may exclude from the scope of this directive railway undertakings whose activity is limited to the provision of solely urban , suburban or regional services . 
  '' * ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:31991l0440 ) i think you may be correct to say this legislation is only for passenger travel that goes between eu member state borders . 
  so for instance this legislation would prevent the uk from nationalising the eurotunnel network but not passenger transport solely within the uk . 
  see : * '' ` urban and suburban services ` shall mean transport services operated to meet the transport needs of an urban centre or conurbation , as well as the transport needs between such centre or conurbation and surrounding areas ; * * - ` regional services ` shall mean transport services operated to meet the transport needs of a region . 
  '' * so basically rail travel that is solely domestic is excluded from this directive . 
  therefore you can essentially ignore everything included within it when discussing purely domestic travel . 
  this directive is basically there to ensure free use of the railways between international borders . '', 
  qe does n't solve all problems , the uk did qe yet we still almost went into recession in 2012 due to too much austerity too soon after the crisis . 
  the central bank does n't have the tools available in a zlb situation as we are in at the moment ( and were in 2008 ) . 
  the best way to improve growth after a recession in this situation is fiscal policy , which this would greatly hamper . 
  the consequences would n't be localized either , all emu countries are affected by what happens on the periphery . 
  they did n't . 
  their economies crashed . 
  the spanish budget was in surplus in 2007 , then by 2008 it was in deficit 4.5 % and 11 % in 2009 . 
  what this would force states to do is perform ridiculously harsh austerity during a recession , which is * exactly what you do n't want to do . 
  * bond yields in spain will increase massively following a crash , and they will decrease in germany as demand for german bonds increases ( spanish investors need somewhere to park their cash ) . 
  similar situation in ireland , portugal and italy . 
  it 's only greece that had long term unsustainable deficits . 
  the issue is our system is n't contribution based . 
  it 's not out of work benefits that are the problem , the eu already has regulations on this issue ( you ca n't just go abroad to sit on unemployment benefit ) , it 's in work benefits . 
  for instance someone could go to the uk , work in a very low paid job , then start claiming in-work benefits far in excess of what they 're actually earning let alone what they pay in tax . 
  working/child tax credits alone can be thousands of pounds per annum . 
  if turkey wanted to help defeat isis in northern syria they would actually secure their border and stop isis resupplying their northern territory . 
  they 'd also not bomb kurdish positions in northern syria . 
  but they do n't because they 're not interested in doing so . 
  spot on , it 's a strategic power play , nothing to do with helping refugees . 
  was n't that just a ploy to prevent the kurds forming a bridge across isis territory ? 
  it had very little to do with helping anyone but turkey . 
  europe wants them to control their european border , not the one with syria . 
  in terms of refugees that is , everyone would like them to stop allowing isis to resupply themselves . 
  tough ask i know . 
  hull is pretty nice . 
  it 's cheap , has all the amenities you 'd expect from a city , and quick access to beautiful countryside nearby . 
  unless you have a scientific study that looks at citizenship and examines crimes separate from socioeconomic factors there is literally nothing you can take from those numbers . 
  stop trying to suggest there is a link when you have absolutely no proof that there is one . 
  anything to justify his xenophobia . 
  of course they do , immigration is to blame for everything on this sub . 
  every day i come on here and read about another isolated incident and people are raving on about how the migrants obviously can not assimilate and they 're all to blame . 
  as if regular citizens do n't commit crimes too . 
  the difference is crimes committed by germans is n't front page news because it does n't create faux outrage and support their bigoted preconceptions . 
  it 's still a shit system , but it 's much better than ours due to the removal of tactical voting . 
  i do n't see how this would work , borrowing costs in the southern states would increase massively . 
  this would cause contagion and force them out of the union unless they were allowed to borrow from the esm in entirety ( not issuing bonds themselves at all ) . 
  is crimea even included in russian growth statistics ? 
  is loss of crimea included in ukrainian gdp loss ? 
  [ there 's also this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozedztx3wuw ), 
  italy actually has a positive trade balance with countries outside the eu ( [ 28 bn eur in 2014 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/6/6f/extra_eu-28_trade%2c_2014_yb16.png ) ) but it 's true that greece and spain would benefit from a stronger currency , at least at the moment . 
  then again , both those countries rely a lot on tourism , and a strong currency is pretty bad for that business . 
  until recently the double irish arrangement meant companies based in ireland paid almost no corp. tax . 
  this in the process of being fixed but wo n't be till 2020 .
