  it 's not just the media either , the government are heavily involved in deceiving people as well to suit their agenda . 
  and people say in the west we do n't use propaganda . 
  it 's even worse than in the past . 
  syrians are n't the only genuine refugees . 
  any chance you can list where all this info comes from ? 
  refreshing to see comments outside the circlejerk not get downvoted to hell in here . 
  iran funds hezbollah [ among other groups . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_and_state-sponsored_terrorism ), 
  iran 's supreme leader is essentially a dictator , they have [ very limited democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index#democracy_index_by_country_.282014.29 ) ( iran is # 158 just above saudi arabia ) . 
  iran also provides a large amount of funding for terrorism . 
  the guardian is n't that left wing at all , it 's centre left at most . 
  it 's broadly in line with the politics of labour ( more so brown / miliband than corbyn ) . 
  as i recall they endorsed yvette cooper at their recent leadership election . 
  times is n't right wing , it 's described as centre i believe, 
  that 's what he was saying, 
  this picture was taken when she was in hospital lol, 
  worked fine in the uk , why did n't germany succeed ? 
  the punishment must not be bad enough . 
  tyrol is rightful austrian clay . 
  the police have 31 suspects in the cologne attacks . 
  *** this is such a miniscule number , and people here and elsewhere are trying to brandish all refugees with the same brush . 
  it does n't surprise me at all that there are this many that have n't integrated . 
  hell , there are more people than this that have left the uk alone to join islamic fucking state . 
  besides what does it even mean they have n't integrated . 
  all societies have criminals , does that mean they are n't integrated ? 
  in the uk alone there are 100,000 rapes per year , 11 per hour , are all those people apparently not integrated ? 
  to be honest israeli settlement programmes are abhorrent . 
  what i do n't understand though is why they did n't accept past offerings of land . 
  realistically things are n't going to get better for the palestinians , they 're going to get worse . 
  as i recall they were offered 95 % + of palestine in previous agreements . 
  note this is assuming the asylum applications are all accepted , around 40 % as i recall are denied on average . 
  it 's also likely the imbalance will be corrected as long as the family reunification programme is kept in place . 
  of course this means more immigrants on top of already worrisome numbers though . 
  our government is trying to implement similar legislation at the moment . 
  as it stands under the legislation isps would have to hold onto data about the websites people visit . 
  the police would be given full access to the websites people visit without warrant , but not what they do on said websites . 
  so for example they could see that i visit www.reddit.com but not www.reddit.com/r/europe . 
  the home secretary could request more detailed information about everything people do online , and this would not require any judicial oversight at all . 
  i think it depends what media you 're referring to , some is definitely anti-refugee , some is not . 
  what i would say is this , when the media repeatedly reports on issues that are actually insignificant it makes them look more prominent than they are . 
  this creates a kind of fear hysteria around issues that really should n't be issues at all for most people . 
  for example , say you read the paper and every other day there is a story about a family that lives in a large apartment on benefits and has n't worked in their whole lives . 
  you would start to think that people on benefits are scroungers and not deserving of money from the state , because that 's what the papers are suggesting to you . 
  they 're not giving a balanced view , so your perceptions change . 
  another example is about crime . 
  every day you are reading about some crime that has happened somewhere . 
  for instance , a refugee raping someone . 
  you think `` oh i 'm reading about this all the time , this is terrible , it must be so common '' . 
  but it 's not , you perceive it to be a common occurrence because of what you 've read in the news , which is n't giving a balanced view . 
  news distorts perceptions and makes things seem to happen closer to you than in the past . 
  this is an issue because it greatly affects government policy . 
  governments will of course use this to their benefit , to cut welfare payments for instance , or to impose more strict law enforcement controls . 
  it was rather amusing because there is a good example of perceptions and political policy clashing in the uk recently . 
  the government said they would cut welfare , and of course people are for it because they think the government means unemployment benefit ( which is where they think most of the money goes ) . 
  but what actually happened is the government tried to cut tax credits , which is a payment that goes to millions of people * in work . 
  * so of course there was outrage , everyone thought , `` no they 're not going to cut my payments , they 're going to cut the payments of those scroungers ! '' . 
  the government had to backtrack and did n't implement the changes in the end . 
  i do n't think the op believes people should n't care or should n't have an opinion , merely that people should get some perspective and realise it 's not the end of the world . 
  life goes on , bad things happen all the time , it 's not good but it 's insignificant in the grand scheme of things . 
  spot on . 
  the dublin rules , and schengen made sense to the inner countries . 
  they got to deport people that actually made it through while saving billions on border protection . 
  now they 're finally realising the issue with this policy , that eventually the outside world will catch up with you . 
  this is why foreign policy is so important , you ca n't just ignore what goes on outside your own country , it will have an impact eventually . 
  fair enough , and is this because of things that have actually happened to you or your friends , or because of things you 've read about online ? 
  do you have any personal stories ? 
  if she was referring to the number of rapes she 's not wrong . 
  of course the cologne attacks were unusual in how they were carried out , which is why it was such big news . 
  such attacks do n't really happen anywhere . 
  but there are serious isolated cases of sexual assault every weekend . 
  and yes statistically speaking the number would be in the thousands . 
  the immigration is working well for britain . 
  well i mean people want it reduced , but economically speaking it 's doing good . 
  during the summer of 2015 around 25 % of posters also posted on far right `` white rights '' subreddits . 
  the brigade really was real . 
  as the subreddit has become more hostile to certain views those with opposite opinions have gone or simply do n't post ( because when they do they find themselves downvoted to hell ) . 
  so what you 're left with is a circlejerk without opposing viewpoints . 
  lol your comment is at the bottom , never change / r/europe . 
  all i would say on the matter is this . 
  accepting these people is the right thing to do , however the way it was handled with no checks at all is very bad . 
  anyone could have entered , anyone at all . 
  there should have been better processing , but people should have been allowed the enter afterwards . 
  interesting is n't it , the media seems to have a lot impact on people 's views . 
  the media convinces us there may be a terrorist attack at any moment therefore we must suspend our civil liberties , yet how many are actually harmed by terrorist attacks ? 
  practically no one . 
  similar situation here i think . 
  these are all things you can read about on the news . 
  there are many other terrible things you can read about there too but they do n't impact your daily life . 
  he 's asking how has it directly affected your life not what you 've read is happening elsewhere . 
  personal stories not the stories of others . 
  he wants people to answer the question honestly without bringing politics into it . 
  it 's not growing quickly and real interest rates are unlikely to rise . 
  if they do it certainly wo n't be anything to do with your debt level , at least not with current increases which are extremely minor . 
  to be honest you need a big caveat there for countries not inside fiscal unions . 
  the reality is that for such countries they should never have any issue paying off their local currency denominated debt regardless of how large it becomes , and their credit rating does n't have a huge impact on borrowing costs either . 
  you only need to look at japan to see this , their borrowing costs are essentially zero at the moment despite having the largest sovereign debt in the western world . 
  your debt is tiny , your borrowing costs minute , it 's not an issue and wo n't be for a long time . 
  a lot of german imports are labeled as coming from netherlands . 
  this of course heavily inflates the dutch intra eu exports ( 186 % in 2013 , highest in eu by far ) when in reality those products are not made in the netherlands , they just transit through via their ports . 
  furthermore , despite low percentage imbalances , [ germany still has the second largest trade surplus in the eu in absolute value .
