  no doubt the 53k pending applications in november will all disappear by the start of this year despite almost none being processed . 
  i agree with your assessment to a certain extent , that is to say , it 's better to look at processed claims in the long term . 
  but those applying this year wo n't be processed yet . 
  so looking at those statistics wo n't be representative of what went on last summer , only the years preceding . 
  it 's true that getting a good picture of what 's happening with these years refugees is problematic though , for the reasons you outlined . 
  i doubt they 're doing fine to be honest , the figures for austria especially are still really shocking ( and much larger than germany per capita ) . 
  look at the column second from the right , you have hungary at 10,975 per million , then sweden at 4,360 , austria at 3,215 , finland at 2,765 , then followed by germany at 1,335 . 
  it 's going to take them years to work off that backlog . 
  also worth looking at the percentage change . 
  for sweden , it is actually only an increase of 59 % while for other countries it is much more . 
  so sweden already probably has to infrastructure in place to deal with this to a certain extent , but somewhere like finland with 1422 % increase , probably not . 
  all i 'll say is the asylum lawyers in those countries must be booming ... 
  no , the uk has a relatively small number of applicants for our population size . 
  this is inevitable for eurozone countries . 
  the process wo n't stop here either . 
  this is n't true , there is no `` first safe country '' requirement in the 1951 refugee convention ( that is to say they are still refugees past the `` first safe country '' ) . 
  i find myself repeating this a lot recently , where did you read that this requirement was in place ( or are you purposefully trying to misinform people ? ) ? 
  a refugee is defined as : * `` a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  '' * it 's true that states can refuse entry to people not directly fleeing conflict , but once they 're within a country they can claim asylum as a refugee . 
  their status is not changed , they ca n't be deported back to where they 're fleeing for instance . 
  [ the uk receives around 30k asylum requests per year . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/product?code=migr_asyappctza&amp;language=en&amp;mode=view ) this year it will be around 40k , since as of q3 it was 35k yoy . 
  so the proposal is around 5x the number we receive per annum . 
  to be honest , though if you look at the data [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/7a/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_q3_2014_%e2%80%93_q3_2015.png ) , the situation does n't seem too bad for germany when compared to some other countries ( especially hungary , 11k applicants per million of population , wtf lol ? 
  that is 1.1 asylum applicants per 100 of population , that 's just insane ) . 
  first time seeing these stats actually , the numbers for hungary are completely shocking , it 's not surprising merkel does n't want to limit the numbers coming to germany when you see these figures . 
  who knows what hungary would do with the overflow if borders were closed , i guess they 'd just close their borders too and serbia would deal with it . 
  more to the point , how the hell is hungary even dealing with the 200k over the last 12 months ? 
  these are n't people that just left hungary onwards to germany either , these are actually people that have stayed and lodged claims in hungary itself . 
  crazy . 
  the way people talk about it on here you 'd think it 's germany that has the biggest issue , but to me it seems like hungary / sweden / finland / austria are the worst hit . 
  the issue is these stats do n't judge whether you 're a net contributor , they 're meaningless for that endeavor . 
  you would need to look at average lifetime individual contributions . 
  is someone earning # 35k pa a net contributor over their life on average ? 
  answer that question , and find the key number required on average , and you have your qualifier . 
  the data is probably available , from the same place ons gets the data for this , but i have n't seen it studied in this way . 
  see what you mean , fair enough . 
  it 's not at all appropriate . 
  what are you suggesting , that someone earning # 35k pa would be a net contributor over their life ? 
  that they are a net contributor at the time they 're earning # 35k ? 
  neither can be assessed from this data . 
  i mean your statement `` you need to be in the top 2 quintiles to be a net contributor '' is factually incorrect . 
  i may be in the bottom 2 quintiles and be a net contributor for instance , i may be in the top 2 quintiles and be net receiver * at that moment in time . 
  it 's very easy to argue against , this statistic is mostly meaningless from a contributory perspective . 
  someone earning # 35k pa their whole working life may well either be a net contributor or a net receiver , but you would n't know from this data . 
  this is the key to the article and why such a measure is useless for determining contributions . 
   the figures and calculations portray a snapshot at a given moment . 
  they do not factor in the changes that households ' incomes undergo over time . 
  so a household whose income drops , for example , when one or both earners retire , could switch immediately from a high to a lower decile group . 
  someone that earns # 35k his entire life may well be a net receiver over their life . 
  this study does n't test this question . 
  all they are doing is taking say , all people earning a gross income of # 35k and saying they pay say # 5k in taxes and receive # 5k in benefits on average . 
  but this will include many pensioners earning # 25k say and receiving # 10k from the state ( who are n't net contributors ) , as well as many workers earning # 35k and taking nothing from the state ( who are net contributors now , but as i said may well not be over their lifetime ) . 
  it 's a pretty meaningless statistic actually , when looking at an individual and trying to judge whether they will be a net contributor or not . 
  you would need to look at their lifetime contributions , not what they contribute at any given moment . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  you would need to look at lifetime costs , i have n't seen any study looking at this . 
  # 35k seems far too high , that 's a very high individual income in the uk . 
  this is nonsense and bad use of statistics . 
  firstly it 's an average , secondly it 's household income not personal income . 
  i also believe it may be equivalised so it 's not actual income even in household terms . 
  to explain why this is important ? 
  you have 5 people , all of them earn # 20k pa gross income after benefits . 
  4 of them earn # 20k pa and claim no benefits while one earns # 0 but receives # 20k in benefits . 
  so the average for that group is # 4k in benefits pa but only one person in that group is receiving anything from the state . 
  so by this article 's logic people in that income band are taking # 4k pa , but actually only 1/5 of them are taking anything . 
  all it 's telling you is in aggregate individuals earning x gross income are net contributors or not . 
  you can not make any assumptions about people within those income bands . 
  for instance , an individual will probably stay in a higher band most of their working life and then switch into a lower band when they retire . 
  it 's a favourite pastime of politicians to give numbers in absolute values , so as to misinform their electorate . 
  examples include increasing budgets by x billion per year , when it might be a real terms decrease per capita or a decrease as a percentage of gdp . 
  they 'll go on about `` record investment '' , `` record doctors , record teachers , record nurses '' . 
  they 'll say , look at this debt interest , it 's costing us more than what we spend on education !, 
  we must cut cut cut !, 
  so yea , always be sceptical of politicians is the lesson i think ... 
  no major parties support unlimited immigration , why use such pointlessly hyperbolic language ? 
  you could deny access at the border , as the uk does yes . 
  you can even deport them ( assuming a 3rd party will accept them and that they 're not being deported back to where they 're fleeing ) . 
  but this does n't change their status as i said , and in practice you may well have no choice but to give them asylum if there is no where to deport them to . 
  the latter issue is what germany and the eu in general is experiencing . 
  often asylum applications take a year or more , i sincerely doubt finland has dealt with almost any of the applications in the last few months . 
  the infrastructure just is n't in place to deal with it ( you go from 400 applications a month at most to over 10,000 ) . 
  as to your interior minister , ours say bullshit like this all the time because it supports their ideology and rhetoric , usually it 's bullshit or purposefully misleading statements that are to blame . 
  i 'll believe it when i actually see it from eurostat or the national statistics office . 
  either way , there is data all the way up to q3 that is entirely contrary to what you 've said , so unless q4 results ( which perhaps he has preliminary data for ) are totally different it does n't seem plausible . 
  political decision in what sense ? 
  you 're making a moral argument not a legal one , they are very much still refugees in the legal sense ( that is to say based on the definition in the 1951 refugee convention ) . 
  i made a more detailed post on this [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/3z4rbn/new_french_statesanctioned_refugee_camp_is/cyjev2k ) this does n't mean we ca n't deport to a second party , but it does n't change their status as refugees and it does prevent us ( rightfully ) from deporting them to the place they are fleeing from . 
  i do n't doubt that there were many applications in 2015 , i already linked you the monthly statistics for that and they 're huge ( july-nov is 27905 applicants for instance ) . 
  the monthly applicants for 2014 were tiny in comparison , around 200-400 per month . 
  what i doubt , is that 2/3rds of those applying are denied , because almost none of those claims will have been dealt with yet . 
  as i said , the number of actual first instance decisions this year is so far very small up until q3 ( latest release ) . 
  later this year we will know whether what you 're suggesting is true , but so far it is false as far as i can see . 
  it 's not outdated , it 's the most recent release q3 . 
  i do n't know what the number you 're quoting is in reference to but finland has n't finalized anywhere near that number of asylum applications in 2015 . 
  you can see all the quarterly data [ here . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/product?code=migr_asydcfstq&amp;language=en&amp;mode=view ) for q1/2/3 2015 the total is 1890 first instance decisions . 
  note these are n't the number applying for asylum or the number entering finland , it is the number of first-instance decisions on asylum applications that quarter . 
  to know whether or not those applying are genuine , these are the statistics you would need to look at .
