  they can ? 
  are jordan/turkey/lebanon willing to accept all our asylum seekers on top of the 4 million they 've already accepted ? 
  i 'm not sure why you would send back afghans , there is a lot of fighting in that country , 66 % of asylum claims from that nationality are accepted in the eu for instance . 
  they already are , that 's where these people come from . 
  the amount coming to europe is tiny compared to in the periphery countries . 
  for some reason people think we 're bearing the brunt of this crisis when that 's far from the truth . 
  this spying crap is n't just perpetuated by the tories , it 's something labour salivates over too . 
  they love to control everyone . 
  alan johnson ( labour 's previous home secretary ) is a big proponent of this . 
  then you have ol jacqui smith & her 42 day no charge detentions under spurious anti terror laws . 
  well our public spending will be the same / lower than america by 2018 if osborne follows his plans . 
  all the while we pay ridiculous taxes in comparison & have lower wages . 
  he 's also busily privatizing 10s of billions worth of state assets & laying the groundwork to privatize more ( welfare , bbc , nhs ) . 
  then of course they 're [ spying on everyone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tempora ) , but unfortunately that 's the fault of both our major parties so it 's difficult to escape . 
  the liberals just got destroyed last election too & they 're the only ` major ' party that cares about things such as civil liberties . 
  they 're also looking to scrap the human rights act , destroy the unions even further , decimate the welfare state ( aside from pensions ofc ) & reduce employment protections supplied by the eu via our renegotiation ( working time directive ) . 
  yep things are looking up over in britain ... 
   `` british investors '' intriguingly [ the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/17/don-quixote-airport-building-cost-1bn-sold-china-10000 ) has a different title ... not sure where the op got his # 27m figure from either , that 's not mentioned in either article . 
  it actually cost a billion euros . 
  agree with you about it being loss making also , as someone on the telegraph article mentions prestwick airport in scotland was sold to the scottish government for # 1 for instance as the company was making huge losses on it & they 're better off just getting rid of such a toxic asset at that point . 
  awesome . 
  this practice is horrifically barbaric , anything we can do to protect people from having it inflicted upon them is a positive step towards eradicating it for good . 
  let 's hope the police are keeping track of the family to make sure the procedure is n't done illegally in this country instead . 
  my opinion has n't really changed . 
  i was pro eu before & i 'm still pro eu now . 
  i was anti emu for britain before & that has n't changed either . 
  i already knew all the points you made beforehand though so none of this was really a surprise to me . 
  well yea , in america they do n't even give employees proper holidays or sickness leave . 
  i 'm not sure the american labour market is anything to look up to . 
  when you joined the euro was it pitched as a move towards federalism & loss of fiscal sovereignty ? 
  the reason people do n't want to reform it is because they do n't want ( at least not yet ) to do what it takes to make the necessary changes . 
  what the euro needs is centralised fiscal controls but getting public support for that is not easy . 
   with only about 56 inhabitants , originating from four main families , pitcairn is the least populous national jurisdiction in the world . 
  seems worth . 
  makes sense , uk-us share a lot of technology & similar equipment already i guess . 
  always good to learn the strengths of others . 
  do n't think so ? 
  perhaps after 2017 though ... 
  true although to be fair to the op [ hollande 's ratings have been terrible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017 ) almost ever since he was elected . 
  so bad in fact that le pen is polling higher !, 
  we 're probably the most eurosceptic country in the eu . 
  even if we 're not wanting to leave the eu we 're still firmly against further integration & we are skeptical of european decisions . 
  thanks , that 's what i was looking for . 
  merkel 's party at least has been getting [ 40 % + in the polls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/next_german_federal_election ) for years . 
  bit different , in germany their governing coalition ( csu/cdu-spd ) is actually supported by far more than 50 % of the population . 
  that 's why in many ways our 2010 government was more democratic than any we 've had in decades ( con-lib was 50 % + of the vote ) . 
   the uk would see multiplication on a scale of 2.5 over the same period , more than twice that of germany ( 1.2 ) and almost double that of france ( 1.3 ) and italy ( 1.4 ) . 
  does anyone have any explanation for this ? 
  why would britain benefit so much more than other developed economies ? 
  we really have won the genetic jackpot being born in the west . 
  most of the world is horrible in comparison to the opportunities & quality of life we have . 
  yes , true , i think it 's more important what is the prevailing will of the country itself ( so the uk in this case ) . 
  in that we believe these regions should be given the right to self determination while others do not . 
  i suppose my opinion around the independence of cornwall might change if there was a massive wish for it to happen lol . 
  i understand what it means but i think the governing body should have final say over whether a region has self determination or not . 
  in the uk our government & the people happen to support it with regards to the places i already listed , but that is n't the case in spain . 
  i think it 's crucially important for the other regions to support secession . 
  it 's certainly not the only ridiculous claim they made . 
  you are a unitary state though & i think the will of your government & the spanish electorate does matter . 
  i think if states want to secede they should get the backing of not only their region but their whole country . 
  i do n't think it 's right for regions to unilaterally decide they want to leave a union they are apart of , even if that is the prevailing will in that region . 
  when you are one country you make decisions as a country . 
  to secede without the will of the people of that country is wrong in my opinion . 
  i think it does sometimes , but perhaps not in this instance although i do n't know enough about the history to say . 
  i do know spain has n't been a kingdom for that long . 
  actually i think wales has been ruled by england for longer for instance . 
  i would n't support cornish independence for example , or any other region of england . 
  devolution yes , but independence no , as i think countries should stay together & have a duty to help the other regions even if they 're less developed or wealthy . 
  well is spain a federation ? 
  i would n't support independence for any region of england for instance ( say cornwall ) but i would support it for the countries within the uk ( scotland , wales , n. ireland ) . 
  i can understand people are weary about breaking up your country . 
  canada created the hawaiian , which is the one most people associate with pineapples . 
  i do n't think anyones trying to force religious people to perform marriages ? 
  we have gay marriage in england & churches have every right to refuse to perform gay marriages , otherwise it would infringe upon their religious freedoms . 
  all they want to change is so that other institutions , or religious institutions that choose to do so , can give marriages to gay couples . 
  what 's so wrong about that ? 
  [ read more here . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/306000/140423_m_ssc_act_factsheet__web_version_.pdf ), 
  if money is set aside to indemnify non-ez countries of any losses it will be fine , they can then use the money if they wish . 
  the loans will be on our books but i doubt that will have any effect on our bond markets ( the money is so insignificantly small ) so as long as we do n't make a loss on the bonds it is fine . 
  i hope this compromise will be made if they want to go through with using these funds . 
  indeed if it was 85 % the uk would have an effective veto , just as germany does over esm funding . 
  which is precisely the problem . 
  no , what i 'm saying is people will quickly fight back against the eu if they start imposing these measures on the people . 
  it 's one thing to feel european , it 's another thing entirely to accept brussels will set your country 's budget . 
  when the bureaucrats in brussels decide it 's time for some good old austerity & countries with deficits need to start destroying their welfare states people will start to change their tune . 
  nationalism is incredibly important to people . 
  which is why this eurozone project is such a mess . 
  it should never have even happened without fiscal controls from the beginning . 
  if people do n't want centralised fiscal controls then they do n't join the euro . 
  but now you 're in a situation where people are forced to accept bailouts ( fiscal transfers in all but name ) & potential loss of fiscal autonomy because they have no choice . 
  the alternative is to leave which would result in massive financial ruin . 
  i can tell you that nationalism never goes away either . 
  the uk has been in union with scotland for over 300 years & we still have issues with the funding transferred up north . 
  especially recently there has been a craze of nationalism due to the funding gap between the two regions ( scotland receives much more per capita than england ) . 
  i 'm sure if you talked to an american they 'd have similar views to federal subsidies . 
  i 'm sorry but this is a problem of your own making . 
  this is precisely one of the reasons we do n't want to join the currency union as it inevitably means fiscal union . 
  i think a lot of europeans are going to get a shock when they realise this loss of sovereignty is coming , which is why i do n't think it will happen , and is why i think the eurozone may eventually collapse under the weight of all that debt being built up . 
  there 's a rocky road ahead for sure , this could end up destroying the entire union ( eu & eurozone ) by creating further euroscepticism .
