  it 's a flaw in the reddit system , all you 'd need is a group of 5-10 people to control the flow of topics & comments on this sub . 
  it 's why people using multiple accounts to push their thread/comments up initially can be so impactful . 
  someone did n't read my post . 
  indeed , the problem is ridiculously overblown for * most * people , but not for * some * people that have had their communities completely change in one decade . 
  i do n't know , but the time zone fits . 
  the migrant crisis is very hot in the pan european news , but not so popular in the national news . 
  immigration is definitely a bigger issue in the uk than it is in other european countries too i would think . 
  it 's the biggest issue by miles as far as our relationship with the eu is concerned . 
  it also depends upon the news source , a website like the torygraph ( telegraph ) is full of migrant stories whereas the guardian only has a few . 
  on discussion of the same topic yes , which is why having multiple threads under the same umbrella clumping up the front page ( of any sub ) is a bad idea . 
  it 's american users if it 's happening overnight would be my guess . 
  it 's also useless for people on mobile as i keep pointing out . 
  the threads outside of the front page are also pretty dead , if you have filters on it 's almost like you 're in a new subreddit with a very small number of subscribers . 
  on my front page for instance , with all immigration threads hidden , there are only 4 topics with over 15 comments ( including this one ) . 
  as per the other threads this will fall on deaf ears , the mods are n't interested in doing anything . 
  fun times seeing the sub slowly become / r/european . 
  no it 's not , but i 'd rather blame the government for the housing crisis rather than blame immigrants . 
  even without the latter we 'd still have the former . 
  the government not investing in homes & continuously propping up the housing market is the problem , not immigration . 
  i do n't think so , it only looks this way because you 're looking at it from above . 
  walk somewhere to the left of the picture & you may not know that motorway even exists . 
  that 's just the reality of the situation in england , there are n't many places with no urban development at all , but it 's always been this way ( at least in the last 100 years ) . 
  if you want unspoilt landscape ( no roads or even farmland ) go to scotland or parts of wales . 
  yes , i too hate barratt homes . 
  i 'm not really suggesting we should expand urban development much anyway , just increase density especially with more high rise buildings . 
  even if we doubled the urban landscape ( cities/towns/villages , roads , rural developments , everything ) 80 % of the land in england would still be non urban . 
  there 's plenty of space for further urban development . 
  yes i realise it 's not surprising , the same happened the previous year . 
  the reason i pointed it out is because migrant rhetoric here started earlier in the year when migrant numbers were n't massive . 
  i do n't remember any discussion in q3 last year when numbers were far higher . 
   between the end of last year & the start of this year i suppose you ca n't read either ? 
  the numbers decreased from 80k to 62k between the end of last year & the start of this year . 
  the number of migrants entering the eu [ decreased between the end of last year & the start of this year ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/b6b3b074bba2997d26e323de0a94a1e8.png ) . 
  as i said , this was n't an issue in 2014 when numbers were huge as well . 
  so build more houses . 
  he 's right in a way , the problem is overwhelmingly caused by lack of investment in infrastructure by successive governments . 
  even if we closed our borders today it would n't solve the housing crisis or the problems with other government services . 
  funding has been cut massively ( healthcare cut 5 % ( real terms figures % gdp ) , education 21 % , home office 54 % , transport 32 % between 2010 & 2015 , between 2015 & 2020 we will see the same number of cuts as in the previous 5 years too ) it 's hardly surprising things are getting worse . 
  something will change , namely their income & education level will improve . 
  this will make them less likely to travel abroad for economic reasons & less likely to have children . 
  between 2003 & 2013 sub-saharan african gdp per capita grew by 36 % compared with growth in europe & central asia of 18 % ( and most of this growth is in eastern europe & central asia ) . 
  the gap is closing , so the benefit to moving is getting smaller . 
  the income gap between the western nations & africa / asia is decreasing not increasing . 
  looking to the future , outside of conflicts this would suggest a decrease in economic migrants trying to come here . 
  arent the pkk fighting isis ? 
  seems kinda counterproductive to bomb the side fighting your enemy . 
  i suppose they see both groups in the same way . 
  just report & move on , these trolls are n't worth responding to . 
  not to kill the circlejerk but only a small proportion of middle eastern refugees actually attempt to enter europe . 
  the sami have lived in the scandinavian region since prehistoric times , read [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sami_people ), 
  this sub has been infiltrated over the last few months , it never used to be this bad . 
  in fact go back 6 months & there were no threads on immigration at all . 
  well it will , even if we doubled our urban development ( so take all cities , towns , villages , roads , anything & double it ) in england 80 % of land would still be non urban . 
  why do you feel europe is full out of interest . 
  i 'm from the uk ( england ) & many people here say the same but i do n't really understand it , most of the country is farm land . 
  the uk is quite densely populated by eu standards too . 
  so what was the argument you were making ? 
  the last time oil prices were that low [ was in 2002 ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/817b0cf3e3f6d8172bc3aac372a0e6e2.png ) by the looks of it . 
  seems that some are suggesting oil could go into the $ 30 range but i have n't seen any estimates for it going below that . 
  ah , ok , so right now george is a larger contributor to the isaf mission , that is n't even still ongoing . 
  gotcha , fantastic point . 
  definitely shows that georgia would be a fantastic member of nato !, 
  people on here are n't liberal when it comes to military matters or immigration , they 're actually very right wing when it comes to those topics . 
  look in any thread on conflict they 're the first to say we should be arming this rebel group or that rebel group , we should be getting more countries into nato , we should be sending troops to the russian border etc etc. 
  lol so georgia sends a few troops to help with isaf now they 're more valuable than your other allies ? 
  never mind the thousands of troops from other countries , many more than america on a per capita basis in the preceding years . 
  isaf was disbanded last year , it makes sense that most governments no longer have large troop deployments there . 
  ez has the same problem , so does america . 
  low interest rates encourage people to borrow , both businesses & private individuals . 
  when the central banks ( ecb , boe , fed ) raise rates these businesses become less profitable & individuals that have overleveraged could have problems paying off their mortgage . 
  truthfully we 've never had a period like this so no one knows exactly what will happen but it could be pretty bad if managed incorrectly . 
  we do ? 
  i thought we just got trashed at home then went out to the club . 
  drinking in nightclubs is a good way to lose all your money !, 
  urban land in england takes up less than 10 % of total land area . 
  of total land area less than 3 % is actually built on ( this includes roads , houses , anything with concrete basically ) . 
  blame the government for restrictive planning laws & lack of investment in housing , not immigrants . 
  we 're not full , despite what farage may tell you . 
  [ it 's not ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/84c001ee6a50663ab4bc5a9b5e5d0c5f.png ) , but it is considerably worse than other western economies . 
  however , the growth in incomes for the bottom 90 % * is lower than the top 10 % . 
  * immigration is n't to blame for this imo . 
  immigrants have a large effect on nominal gdp though ( as a [ large component of population growth ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/b5b2ffcfc895bb6a4fe87bae5e13bd57.png ) ) , which is good for the government 's growth figures . 
  they do n't tend to make such a fuss over per capita figures . 
  note : i would n't say increases in nominal gdp due to immigration is necessarily good for uk citizens ( especially if it means slower growth in per capita gdp ) , just an observation . 
  it 's actually our tax policy , they do n't have nearly the [ same problem in high tax economies in northern europe . 
  [ full figures & breakdown of numbers . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/august-2015/stb-msqr-august-2015.html#tab-main-points ), 
  they 'll be fine as long as their wages do n't drastically decrease at the same time . 
  negative equity is only a real issue if you actually have to sell the asset . 
  pensioners will lose asset value , but then so they should , their assets are ridiculously inflated at the expense of everyone else . 
  it 's not like this asset drop is a problem for them either unless they want to sell up & move to spain , which is n't the case for most . 
  just wait till interest rates rise , a lot of people are going to be in trouble . 
  the longer the boe waits the worse the eventual crash will be . 
  this is basically just a list of current & former british overseas territories . 
  one wonders if there is not more the uk government could do to solve this problem . 
  wtf . 
  the dude opens up a drinks machine , they all fall out , and the first thing the shop owner does is come out with a fucking wooden plank to hit him with ? 
  i do n't think europe has outgrown it , i think all this talk of federalism on this board is exactly what i 'd call modern imperialism . 
  driven by this idea that if we can come together we can create some european superstate with military & economic power on par or greater than other countries .
