  i hope it does n't , as i believe in what the eu represents , but the will of the people ca n't be sidestepped . 
  it 's why change needs to be gradual , a process like this can not happen overnight . 
  to explain , if you lend someone # 100 & tell them to pay you back in 10 years without paying you any interest . 
  say they come to you after 10 years & say , `` sorry mate i ca n't pay you back that # 100 now , can i have another 10 years to pay it off ? '' . 
  you say ok & wait another 10 years . 
  but what you 're not realising is that inflation is 2 % & after 10 years that # 100 is worth 22 % less than it was originally & after 20 years it 's worth 48 % less . 
  so it 's ` worth ' # 78 after 10 years & # 52 after 20 years . 
  you could just say to your friend you 'll forgive the depreciation between the 10 & 20 year period ( 33 % ) & ask him to pay you # 67 pounds now . 
  for you the net result is the same in terms of value , just you sacrifice some of your money to get it earlier . 
  you also have the fact that your economy will grow above inflation in general so the money feels smaller in that sense too . 
  plus getting your money 10 years earlier it could be invested & gain interest , so in that sense you 're better off getting it earlier rather than later ... 
  by negotiating it with the eu as greece did . 
  this is n't a referendum on their eu membership it 's on their ez membership . 
  presumably caused by eurozone debt being shoveled onto a country with relatively low debts themselves . 
  you can understand their animosity towards that . 
  this is n't going to happen . 
  just a silly suggestion from the ec . 
  finland is just as rich as the uk on a per capita basis . 
  they 're suppose to , but in reality they can claim asylum wherever they want as long as they 're not stopped by the authorities beforehand . 
  do you know how ft do it because incognito does n't work there but google cache does . 
  is it ip based ? 
  ha , you say that , but it 's the only way the ecj can get states to comply . 
  if states do n't comply with the [ fiscal compact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_fiscal_compact ) for instance ( say they fail to control their deficit ) , they could be fined up to 0.1 % of their nominal gdp !, 
  180,000 in 6 months is absolutely insane , even for a country the size of germany . 
  people here think we have to deal with a lot of asylum seekers but jesus , they have no idea , it 's nothing compared to this . 
  the iou would n't be worth anything outside greece so they would inevitably have had to leave due to their trade deficit no ? 
  they 'd eventually run out of euros to pay external sellers . 
  surely varoufakis is the one betraying the greek people ? 
  he says he wants to stay in the euro but wo n't do what it takes . 
  reading between the lines it seems if greece had n't agreed to the proposals set forth they would be on their way out of the door right now . 
  the referendum really should have been whether to stay inside the eurozone or not . 
  indeed , which is fine , it 's a fee we 're willing to pay ( well most of us ) to be inside the eu . 
  well it makes sense , our contribution would be ridiculous without the rebate . 
  it would n't be needed ofc if the cap was reformed . 
  i do n't think the rebate will be fair in the long term though , it needs changing too . 
  i agree with you , but people do n't see it that way . 
  they just see illegal migrants streaming in from italy , they do n't think of the consequences to getting rid of schengen . 
  that 's why the people are n't the ones making these decisions , eu leaders are , who are presumably at least somewhat looking at the bigger picture . 
  indeed , in the [ words of bush ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekgpy1adc0a ) , `` fool me once , shame on ... shame on you . 
  fool me -- you ca n't get fooled again '', 
  some do but we 're a net contributor in a massive way as i 'm sure you know . 
  you ca n't tow them back ( without acceptance from the respective country ) , that 's the violating sovereignty point i was making earlier . 
  i believe turkey is accepting some migrants back for instance but i 'm not sure libya is doing the same & besides libya is n't really a safe country to dump refugees . 
  the fact italy has n't suggested # 3 makes me think it 's not viable though . 
  i could be proven wrong . 
  edit : i should note that # 3 does n't require changing the unhcr that you were alluding to in your opening post . 
  all we 're obligated to do is make sure people are safe & wo n't be persecuted , as we agree theres nothing wrong with that principle . 
  it 's not , but it 's the reality of the situation . 
  the eu is just a collection of states looking out for national interests . 
  calais is a prime example of how the italian / french border would be without schengen . 
  ok so your suggestions are , 1 . 
  let them die at sea 2 . 
  do n't give them refugee status if they travel by water , so i suppose send them back to countries they may be persecuted is ok . 3 . 
  pay someone else to accept them number 1 & 2 are total bullshit . 
  number 3 is reasonable provided the destination they 're sent to is safe . 
  the issue is we have no where safe to send them right now . 
  in the short term though we have no other choice but to accept them , the first two points above are n't reasonable positions for any western country . 
  they do n't all try to come here . 
  it is an issue now because of conflicts in the middle east & africa . 
  i will give you an example of how this works , [ look here ] ( http://i.gyazo.com/cdce0efa69e3e4be0bea92b842240b31.png ) at the numbers crossing illegally from syria & eritrea . 
  notice how the numbers were tiny before the recent conflicts ? 
  the fact of the matter is people are n't going to travel thousands of miles only to be rejected asylum if they 're not incredibly desperate . 
  if all of africa & the middle east was stable , the amount coming here would be a tiny fraction of the current amount . 
  got a source for that 60 % ? 
  looking at asylum claims it is a majority that are genuine asylum seekers not a minority . 
  they ca n't stop , not while within schengen . 
  once a refugee is within sweden & claiming asylum they ca n't expel them . 
  schengen makes this everyone 's problem , that 's why anyone cares . 
  if it was n't for schengen only italy & greece would care . 
  how would you change the [ unhcr ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) ? 
  would you just let people die at sea ? 
  would you send people back to countries where they will be persecuted ? 
  would you invade other countries sovereignty & dump refugees there ? 
  what is your solution ? 
  that 's inevitable i think & perfectly fine . 
  the eurozone is obviously going to integrate at a different pace to the non-eurozone states . 
  we subsidize the countries within our currency union ( remember the uk is a union of countries ) . 
  if the eurozone countries want to become a union they can subsidize their own member states . 
  we opted out of joining the union precisely because of reasons such as this . 
  question 3 is really the issue i feel , both with the electorate & the german leadership . 
  they 've regained market access without accepting past debts ? 
  do you have an example ? 
  that was n't the case with argentina iirc . 
  i think this crisis has made some realise on here how far we are from any kind of federation . 
  people still look out for national interests above all else . 
  there 's nothing wrong with this , but you ca n't try to force some federation while people still feel this way . 
  i 'm not sure any changes will come from this , they have the esm & fiscal compact , perhaps this is enough i guess we 'll see . 
  which is another way in which germany benefits from the eurozone . 
  if they were using the deutsche mark it would be much stronger ( kinda like the pound compared to the euro ) than the euro & their exports would suffer not just to the eurozone but to everyone . 
  sure but a loan given to greece via the esm would lower eurozone bond yields . 
  more the issue is repayment as i said , the money & associated debt burden of other eurozone states is n't the issue . 
  indeed , it seems tsipras just accepted everything germany wanted . 
  imf involvement , 50 billion privatization fund , all pre referendum conditions & more . 
  as far as i can see the only message this sends is , we wo n't bargain with you , if you want to stay you must do everything we want . 
  wow it seems they accepted the 50 billion privatization figure . 
  surprising , total capitulation it seems . 
  that 's not necessarily true , as in high debt levels do n't necessarily mean high interest on bonds . 
  it depends upon investor confidence & risk , which is substantially lower ( the risk that is ) with the involvement of the esm . 
  all eurozone states benefit from lower rates due to this . 
  so how many greek landmarks does tsipras have to sell ?
