  well in that instance the policy is directly harming your job prospects . 
  to say it 's a net benefit would be to say european immigrants , especially eastern european immigrants ( as that 's the group we 're talking about ) contribute more than uk citizens & i do n't buy that for a minute . 
  it may well be the case for immigrants from certain western european countries though . 
  yes i alluded to this in my later posts but i do n't believe i 'm personally benefitting from this . 
  some people from the uk are but most of us are not . 
  indeed , the idea that parents can choose to do this to their children for religious reasons is totally barbaric in my opinion . 
  let them decide as adults if they want the procedure done , not as children when they have no choice . 
  as they mention in the article a `` children 's right to physical integrity '' is paramount . 
  sounds good . 
  that is what tends to happen when you take funding decisions further away from where people live . 
  if anything the eu budget payments should just go directly to national governments to decide what to do with it , but i 'd rather it was just reduced/removed entirely instead as i said ( referring to structural funds here , the eu obviously still needs a small budget ) . 
  i suppose there are arguments to be made that opening up markets benefits western countries more , but i 'm not convinced the everyday person actually experiences that benefit . 
  i mean freedom of movement within the eu . 
  that i can go work in germany or france without needing a work visa , and those countries can do the same in the uk . 
  i do n't really have an issue with european immigrants in britain . 
  i do n't really have a problem with freedom of movement , if anything i quite like that policy . 
  i do like that we have an opt out on schengen though . 
  really you need to negotiate these things when the treaties are being signed , that 's when states have the power to say no to stuff as it needs to be agreed unanimously . 
  after you 've signed the treaty it 's too late . 
  i 'd also like to see the eu budget reduced & less uk tax money going to eastern europe personally . 
  the cap needs to be reevaluated as well as our rebate at the same time . 
  france is pushing for a union with the northern economies i believe , not the entire ez ? 
  the public is incredibly relevant , or do you think they just wo n't notice billions being syphoned off to some ez fund . 
  even esm payments they notice & that does n't immediately impact their budget much if at all . 
  i 'm not denying it will lead to a more stable ez , or that it wo n't eventually happen . 
  more i 'm questioning why the citizens of these countries would want it in the short term . 
  as you said , they are benefitting from the status quo so why would they want to change it . 
  the only exception to this is possibly if there was very major anti eu sentiment , which there is n't quite yet , at which point these states may need to be bribed to stay within the union . 
  that being said , i 'm not sure this will even be necessary , as we saw in greece even looking at massive austerity they still wanted to stay inside the euro . 
  with the fiscal compact in place situations like greece may not happen again . 
  debt will not balloon due to the possibility of taking out esm loans & deficits will be kept low . 
  these two mechanisms already provide for a lot of stability even without fiscal transfers . 
  although i suppose esm loans could be argued to be fiscal transfers especially in the case of greece , this should n't be the norm or intended purpose of this facility . 
  esm loans could be used to deal with fiscal shocks as well ( as a stimulus , to help states with high unemployment for instance ) , and as long as interest payments are at or above inflation this would n't amount to fiscal transfers . 
  perhaps there are arguments that fiscal transfers would be better for this though , do you have arguments to that effect ? 
  that answers why the less rich countries would want fiscal transfers not the more rich countries . 
  could you explain why you think the more richer countries should support fiscal transfers , in the short term , if that is indeed what you 're arguing ( i realise there are probably arguments it may lead to more prosperity in the long term ) . 
  surely you must understand why that does n't make sense from a financial standpoint for northern european voters ? 
  i mean i take your point on the borders , that makes sense . 
  but on the point of social cohesion , i do n't think most people in the north will accept this argument for fiscal transfers . 
  essentially what you 're saying is that living standards within the ez should become more equal , and the northern european economies should pay for that . 
  what is the benefit to this in the short term , why should they do it ? 
  on the point of foreign policy & military . 
  yes it 's much cheaper to fund a military as one bloc , but you also lose control . 
  the german position on defense is very different to the french position on defense for instance . 
  it will probably be an ez thing i would expect . 
  hard to see any more british tax money heading towards brussels !, 
  just a note guys , the downvote button is n't an `` i disagree button '' . 
  do n't downvote him just because you do n't agree with his view , his points are perfectly valid points to be made . 
  if you want to have discussion on this subreddit try to upvote people , even those you disagree with . 
  otherwise everything just becomes a circlejerk with the same views and this is very boring to read !, 
  haha i find quite the opposite actually !, 
  you need to supplement your reading of statistics & news with some reading about future technological trends . 
  technology is going to solve most of the problems we have today as it already is in many developing countries . 
  indeed . 
  it 's crazy how many foreigners study in london . 
  yes because corbyn does n't believe in the mad principle . 
  the above argument was presupposing you do . 
  if you do n't believe in mad then there is no reason to have nuclear weapons & there is no need to be inside nato to protect yourself either . 
  there 's a point to be made , that even if you believe in mad doctrine , that still remains as long as there is one nuclear power within nato . 
  therefore we are spending billions every year on a defensive system we 'd never have to use - it does n't realistically serve any purpose . 
  the only reason for it being there ( from a uk perspective ) is if we were to leave nato ( again assuming you believe in mad doctrine , many people do n't ) & were to have no defensive pact with another nuclear power . 
  nuclear weapons do n't help in modern warfare or with the threats we face today . 
  they 're purely a deterrent , one which is made redundant by multiple states already having them within a defensive alliance . 
  they can not be used as either a defensive or offensive weapon against non nuclear weapons states . 
  i think europe tends to take it pretty seriously , i think the americans are ridiculously hamstrung by the republicans & the prc are hamstrung by keeping their growth high ( otherwise there might be insurrection ) . 
  a large part of the repub . 
  base do n't even believe in man made climate change for instance . 
  getting a deal this year is n't going to be easy ... 
  i 'm not a huge fan of supply side economics , but i am a fan of taxing people rather than businesses . 
  that being said , i 'm not against using taxes as a means to influence behaviour & carbon taxes are a good one for that . 
  they do tend to be regressive though , so it has to be balanced with good welfare ( which i believe i 'm right in saying denmark has ) . 
  sounds like they want to remain in the background until they 're the largest party & ca n't disintegrate like the other parties before them . 
  thanks for the insights , it sounds to me like danish politics is much more reasonable than british politics . 
  the parties do n't differ very much ideologically , or are just willing to forgo their ideology to stick to the center of politics . 
  yet european governments are still pushing austerity policies & pushing for overall surpluses ( instead of just current budget surplus ) . 
  it 's so stupid , and they say this is mainstream economics . 
  they 're one & the same no ? 
  if you let the banks fail everyone loses their savings . 
  ordinary people not just the rich . 
  i still do n't think qe is that great , the money just ends up in the stock & housing markets . 
  the increased liquidity just boosts the wealth of the richest while very little of that money trickles down to everyone else thus very little inflation is created . 
  heh , that 's a nice site . 
  some of the metrics are kinda dodgy though . 
  everything of course is just averages so it 's not necessarily representative . 
  hey , at least you have coalitions of many views . 
  in countries with fptp we only have a choice between two parties ... 
  heh that sounds pretty neat . 
  i like compromise & consistency . 
  the uk government tends to jump from right to left & back again every 10 years . 
  i am looking at the results , it 's kinda bizarre . 
  venstre lost 13 seats last election , they did the worst of all parties , yet they are now in government ? 
  why did the dpp not go into government ? 
  sure & perhaps they 'll cut income taxes as well , that 's what right wing economically liberal governments tend to do . 
  this is definitely a pro business decision , at the expense of the environment , but it is not at all surprising coming from a liberal party . 
  it 's not a fallacy , lowering a company 's tax bill makes it more profitable just as raising taxes makes it less profitable . 
  a business that was failing may now no longer be failing . 
  an expansion that did n't look economically viable is now viable . 
  perhaps a store can now afford to drop its prices , perhaps now more people can afford to buy their product & they can employ more people . 
  companies pay lower tax they have more money to grow and expand .
