  why should no one get a rebate ? 
  it 's quite clear some states benefit far more from the cap than others . 
  last year france received over twice the farm subsidies than we did for instance ( 4 bn eur vs 8.5 ) . 
  i would tend to agree that the current arrangement is unfair , but as is no rebate at all . 
  as if people have the knowledge and expertise to vote on such an issue . 
  not to mention how easily they are manipulated by the media and special interests . 
  people think politicians are bad in this regard , the general public are far worse . 
  or as they would say in london , united kingdom of london , and everywhere that does n't matter . 
  it 's not feasible to implement a policy of uniform wages , even adjusted for purchasing power . 
  however what you could do is link the minimum wage to median wages in the country . 
  the average for the oecd is 50 % of median full time hourly earnings . 
  this would n't achieve much however as most countries already have minimums that are the same or close to this . 
  this also would n't solve the disparity between countries . 
  wages in romania for instance would still be half that of the uk , even adjusting for purchasing power . 
  it 's just pandering , something all politicians do . 
  such a system would never be implemented . 
  you could have a system linked to local wages but it would n't be uniform in terms of value ( even adjusting for purchasing power ) . 
  those would definitely be on the table , as to whether they would go or not no one can answer that , we would have to negotiate them as part of our entry . 
  i personally think we have a good deal right now , especially with the rebate our contributions are tiny compared to most states . 
  my personal opinion if we wanted to rejoin ? 
  we would lose the rebate but keep the opt-outs . 
  we would n't get a better deal than we have today . 
  i 'm saying long term plan on the 100s of year scale is quite pointless . 
  you can plan for the next few years ahead or the next few decades at most . 
  you can not make decisions now looking at how things might be in 2150 , that is just totally ridiculous . 
  in what sense ? 
  it 's a long-term solution in that you can just keep allowing large numbers of immigration and your population wo n't age as fast ( or at all depending on the numbers ) . 
  if we 're talking in the 100s of years time frame it 's not a solution because eventually the required number of immigrants will be too large . 
  those kind of timescales are meaningless though , you solve the issues you have now in the most efficient way feasible . 
  the problems we have today wo n't be the same as 100 years from now . 
  a pretty unprecedented one , like literally i do n't think such a thing has happened in modern history . 
  that 's why i say , it 's really not feasible . 
  it also does n't solve the issue of skill shortages either , which was the other point . 
  let 's say for instance the country is lacking in nurses . 
  so the government thinks , ok we need to train more . 
  but training nurses takes 5 years or more and there is a shortage now . 
  that 's where immigration can help . 
  perhaps we agree , i do n't know . 
  you spoke about mass immigration , which is quite a generic term . 
  if you 're just referring to refugees i would tend to agree with you , but if you 're talking about immigration in general i do not . 
  my post was obviously geared towards the latter : * `` domestic population also does n't have the skills needed to fill short term shortages in the labour market . 
  talking about immigration in general here not refugees note . '' . 
  *  and it is feasible because if they can poor that much funds into the current programs they have which shows lack of success then that can put it into domestic fertility programs . 
  it 's not feasible to increase your fertility rates from 1.5 to 3 or more via social engineering projects . 
  countries in the west already have some of the most generous welfare provisions for families in the world , and yet our fertility rates are still rock-bottom . 
  i mean hell in denmark parents can take a year off work on their full salary ( maternity leave ) and then they get child care provided by the government ( parents pay between 0 and 25 % of the cost ) ... 
  the main reason sweden is spending so much is due to the nature of their immigration . 
  i already commented that letting in so many refugees probably is n't the right way to go about this , but allowing skilled migration ( and unskilled if that 's what the economy needs , this is certainly the case in the uk for instance ) in large quantities is definitely beneficial to their economy ( and others ) . 
  they can implement all the programmes they like , it 's not going to solve the problem . 
  they would quite literally have to double their fertility rate . 
  that simply is n't feasible . 
  no they do n't . 
  [ hungary 's population is due to fall massively . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/15aa96636c16c88e94b3285edff4c9db.png ) their [ population is due to age massively . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/ce1852721750ec158d672b44792df240.png ) their [ fertility is due to stay far below even replacement ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/5077e66f7d5fa476fcfc286842b787f4.png ) , to reduce aging it would have to be far in excess of replacement ( 2 ) . 
  [ the situation for poland is even more stark . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/d37b0385d711573d653fb60fc130a05e.png ) [ compare this to sweden , their population is increasing , both their working age population and total population . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/6acc116b17a753d8d600ebe874e7f15c.png ) if you want to see the impact of immigration on the labour market , take a look at projections for the uk . 
  [ high migration leads to both more people employed in total , and more employed as a percentage of the population . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/6bb4ee8216e36891c18e819daa704b9f.png ) it also leads to massively [ lower net debt ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/3088a46856f21ea14a85ecd1510da360.png ) ( unsurprisingly , you 're spreading past debt over more people , and nominal growth will be larger ) . 
  data is from obr fiscal sustainability report and un . 
  it 's much easier to leave further down the line than to rejoin , simply by nature of the fact leaving only requires our approval while joining requires the approval of all member states . 
  as to the future , [ we have the european union act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_act_2011 ) now to require a referendum in the future . 
  of course the government of the day could just repeal the act and do what they want , but they 'd have to explain this choice to the british people and they 'd have to use a lot of political capital to do so . 
  there is actually research to suggest allowing immigration from poorer countries is a far better way to helping net welfare than sending aid . 
  so it 's not entirely a bad idea actually . 
  a lot of aid money is wasted and does n't help in the long term . 
  the main reason poor countries are poor is fundamentally due to bad institutions . 
  foreign aid is n't going to solve that issue . 
  not feasible to increase the population domestically to the required amount to combat aging . 
  domestic population also does n't have the skills needed to fill short term shortages in the labour market . 
  talking about immigration in general here not refugees note . 
  difference is a corbyn government only lasts for 5 years , while leaving the eu is essentially a decision we 're making forever . 
  holy crap there are a lot more canadians on these boards than i realised . 
   so what if a superstate will make us all richer and more free . 
  to be honest the first is n't true in the short term for many of us , and i do n't see how the latter is true at all . 
   money - even with a 66 % reduction in net contribution we are still regularly the second largest net payer . 
  germany and russia should be fixing eastern europe not uk tax payers . 
  they are the ones that screwed it up . 
  to be honest this is really misleading . 
  yes we provide a lot of funding , but this is because we are a large nation . 
  per capita in 2014 we were the 10th largest contributor , only ireland , luxembourg and spain contributed less per capita ( of the creditor nations ) . 
  in 2013 we were 11th , 2012 11th , 2011 8th , 2010 7th , 2009 11th , i think you get the picture ? 
  to give an example of the scale of difference in contribution , in 2014 we contributed 118 eur per capita , italy contributed 142 , france 176 , denmark 185 , finland 237 ... germany 270 ... belgium 300 ... netherlands 500 !, 
  we benefit exceedingly well from the rebate , which proportionally is worth more and more every year . 
  it 's supposed to compensate us for our lack of farming industry . 
  if you look for instance back in 2000 the rebate plus subsidies equalled 7.4 bn eur . 
  compare this to france 's 9 bn eur farming subsidies it does n't seem that great . 
  but now look at 2014 where the rebate plus the subsidies equals 10 bn eur , while france 's subsidies are only 8.5 bn eur . 
  we are getting an exceedingly good deal these days , and i do n't think people quite realise this . 
  [ source for figures . 
  ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/ ), 
  not a billion in a day , besides all he did was notice an opening in the market and a misjudgement by the uk government . 
  ultimately leaving the erm was beneficial for us too . 
  [ check out this link actually , it makes sense when you see this . 
  ] ( http://www.compareyourcountry.org/tax-revenues?cr=oecd&amp;lg=en&amp;page=0 ) it shows that overall denmark is still the most taxed place in europe , which is what i was expecting to see . 
  it also shows the vast difference between the uk and the us , despite the us having slightly higher income taxes . 
  if it 's any consolation , i thought the rate would be higher for denmark too . 
  i was surprised to find you guys do n't actually have social security payroll taxes like sweden for instance ( they are huge there ) or the uk . 
  it 's the same in the uk , the lowest marginal rate is 20 % , yet the average here is 12 % or so .
