  russia winning eurovision ? 
  no way . 
  people are trying too hard to win i think ? 
  that 's why they 're all singing in english too . 
  they 're not willing to take risks . 
  wow , weird costume . 
  generic song # 15 inc. 
  haha true !, 
  nice . 
  some variety finally . 
  oh nice , an act that is n't a solo act finally . . 
  are we likely to see any rock , trance or dance tonight guys ? 
  everyone seems to be doing pop music :(, 
  they 've finally given up and accepted that english is the way ... 
  dear god , he looks ridiculously fake for some reason . 
  pretty decent from germany, 
  this guys going to be popular with the young female vote i feel ... 
  i 'm struggling to follow any comments on here as it is . 
  being more active is n't a positive :( lol !, 
  is she singing in english ... or not ... what ? 
  azerbaijan is kinda in europe , somewhat . 
  can i just say how amazing this stage is ? 
  the entire wall and floor seems to be made from tv/computer screens . 
  not sure about this song ... 
  just a little skinnier . 
  this is it i guess, 
  if i 'm going to listen to anyone it 's going to be the bank of england and other academic institutions ( and researchers ) . 
  these of all people have the least bias and ulterior motives . 
  they are not influenced by shareholders , commercial interests or politics like most other groups are . 
  simon wren-lewis summed up these sentiments yesterday [ here . 
  ] ( https://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2016/05/media-economics-and-brexit.html ), 
  brexit campaign , `` everyone could be wrong therefore we should ignore all of their advice '' . 
  but wait , better trust boris johnson , he 's sure to be telling the truth , he ca n't possibly have any ulterior motives here at all !, 
  good luck to all my fellow europeans . 
  also please vote for britain , thanks . 
  the boe is independent of direct political influence and has no corporate shareholders to influence them either . 
  of all institutions they 're likely the most trustworthy of all . 
  there 's another similar one about australia . 
  britain goes on holiday there and upon entry the customs officer says , `` passport ? '', 
  `` have you ever been convicted of a criminal offense ? '', 
  so britain replies , `` no , sorry . 
  i did n't realise that was still a requirement !, 
  are you sure you wo n't just get a liberal democrat situation as in the uk in that instance where everyone on the left blames the spd for what the `` conservative chancellor '' does and thus destroys their party even more , while the cdu gain more votes due to being more conservative . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think border control slows down trade . 
  it makes a huge difference . 
  na afd support will probably fall soon , the refugee situation is much better now , almost no one coming through the balkan ( greece ) route any more . 
  unless they have support for other reasons i 'm not aware of ? 
  back then it was the opposite of now and a small penis was more impressive , `` according to kenneth dover 's study , greek homosexuality ; the ideal penis was `` small , thin , and covered with a long , tapered foreskin '' . 
   that still has opening through the balkans route i think . 
  i just looked this up now , it seems since macedonia raised their border the flow has almost ground to a halt . 
  `` after the former yugoslav republic of macedonia significantly reduced the number of migrants it allowed to enter from greece , the number of detections of illegal border crossings in march at eu 's external borders in the western balkans dropped by about 90 % compared to the previous month . 
  the march figure of 4 930 was also nearly 10 % lower compared to the same month of 2015 . '', 
   every country on this earth ( well except eu ) has some form of border control . 
  and there are countries 10 times larger then germany that have some form of border control . 
  us-canada border has border control when there is no need . 
  sure , but it is expensive , the uk border agency spends billions on border control and still thousands of people make it through every year . 
  you would need to build a fence and that would likely cost 10s of billions i 'd think . 
  seems kinda pointless when this issue will be fixed soon . 
  they just need to come up with a solution for the central mediterranean route ( italy ) , but the flow there is much lower than greece used to be anyway . 
  they 're also mostly not genuine asylum seekers on this route so they can be deported . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/news/number-of-migrants-arriving-in-greece-dropped-in-march-aindt3 ), 
  the article talks about a 200,000 limit . 
  on the border control front , surely it 's not even feasible without massive cost ? 
  germany has a massive border . 
  plus is there even any point to doing so when austria has reimposed border controls , as has hungary , macedonia , slovenia . 
  germany is actually pretty insulated on that front already . 
  if there are still migrants arriving ( i do n't have recent figures ) then i do n't know where they 're coming from , certainly not greece anyway . 
  as far as i 'm aware merkel could n't limit the # of refugees even if she wanted to without changing the constitution , and she would n't have the majority to do that anyway . 
  the only thing they could do is reinstate border controls . 
  uk flag - british empire, 
  he 's the one that brought it up on a european subreddit , if you do n't want european opinion do n't bring it up ... 
  taking lessons from the hungarian playbook really . 
  [ someone sourced that here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4iduas/poland_will_not_accept_refugees_because_they_pose/d2xgppf ) not sure why the # of economic migrants is an issue though , no one is saying poland or anyone else ca n't deport those individuals . 
  this is only about legitimate refugees . 
  the west has been pushing the east to modernise and remove corruption . 
  the issue is people from the east ( not all but many on here for instance ) often make excuses for their inept governments for nationalist and patriotic reasons not logical ones . 
  i see this a lot with polish users especially , they seem ridiculously nationalist compared to people from the west and treat everyone outside of their country as potential enemies to be mistrusted ( especially germans ) . 
  i 've never been to poland but my perception of them is harmed quite a lot by this , and it seems polling of polish people agrees with the sentiment shown on here , so it 's not just an isolated thing . 
  other countries would voluntarily sell assets when in financial hardship . 
  here in the uk we 've solve 10s of billions recently for instance . 
  the greek government could always buy them back later if they want . 
  also believe it or not but some industries work better owned by the private sector so selling them is actually a positive process that can breathe new investment into them . 
  i do n't know , that would suggest things are actually in the process of improving . 
  the issue there is that the number already in the us illegally is too large to deal with in any other way . 
  the sensible solution would be to give those currently in the us a path to citizenship then be more harsh on new arrivals . 
  plus create legal ways for this obviously needed labour to travel over seasonally . 
  if they have a scientific case to give they should win out , the issue comes when they say they do n't want to do something but then ca n't come up with legitimate reasons why not . 
  this happened before with hormone use and the [ eu lost for instance . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beef_hormone_controversy#wto_panel_decisions_and_eu_appeal ), 
  on the plus side , at least the immigrants are making an effort !, 
  depends how important having a fixed culture is to you i guess . 
  i 'm not afraid of change personally . 
  this is true of brits in real life too though , it 's not a misrepresentation . 
  the amusing thing is some muslims despise him and would rather vote conservative due to his position on gay marriage . 
  this will be inflation adjusted growth . 
  very true , this is often ignored when discussing gdp . 
  germany has done very well in recent history accounting for population change . 
  it 's there to counteract natural discrimination .
