  greece can say these projections are incorrect and this is why . 
  if they do n't agree well that 's their prerogative , it is their money . 
  not necessarily , under stv you vote for candidates directly , and under mmp you vote for both party lists and direct candidates . 
  is n't that how isis was started ? 
  sure , they do n't get the money , but that 's still a choice at the end of the day . 
  accept the money with strings attached or do n't . 
  as to the forecasts , greece is n't some naive actor , they can do their own due diligence . 
  no one forced you to do anything . 
  they made incorrect calculations sure , that often happens in economics , you should see my government forecasts they 're often hilariously wrong . 
  but as with all things , greece is ultimately responsible because they are a sovereign country , they make their own choices . 
  if the us wanted to extradite him they would have put in a request with the uk government . 
  we have an extradition treaty with them so chances are it would have been approved . 
  yet they did n't . 
  well , they had an entire year to ask the uk to extradite him , and they did n't . 
  we even have a freaking extradition treaty with the us , which we do n't have with almost any other country outside the eu . 
  not sure sweden even has such a treaty . 
  he only fled when he was being extradited to sweden , so either the man is completely insane or he 's guilty , but the courts should be allowed to decide . 
  what he 's doing is making a complete mockery of the law . 
  anyone blaming `` the germans '' or `` the eu '' . 
  there are many of them in this thread . 
  it removes the need for tactical voting , which is definitely a preferable system to what we use . 
  similar to av i suppose . 
  pr is still ideal of course . 
  you 're not from the uk are you ? 
  as i said , that 's how all governments work unless every party is in coalition , which as far as i know only happens in switzerland . 
  labour mostly , followed by conservative . 
  then around 15 % of the conservative vote went to ukip , and around 9 % of labour . 
  net result is similar % for main parties but much higher number of seats ( they got lib dem seats for free ) . 
  that 's how almost all electoral systems work , the only system i can think of otherwise is switzerland . 
  the minority has representation , they just do n't have ruling power , because they are a minority !, 
  the only time they 've been in government was in 2010 , but that was pretty unprecedented . 
  fptp is designed to create majority governments with two parties gaining the majority of seats . 
  ah fair , i 've just been looking at the presidential polling , and hollande seemed to be doing pretty terrible at that . 
  i 'm surprised the right has n't gained more with his unpopularity though . 
  i suppose they 've been losing votes to fn . 
  similar thing happened in the uk with ukip , the conservative party lost around 15 % of their 2010 vote in the 2015 election to ukip . 
  they 'll have a say , just not a large one . 
  as i said , this is normal under fptp , just look at the [ lib dems in the uk ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9863c736b2c657b143947f732416e56e.png ) for example . 
  these voting systems are n't designed to promote proportional results . 
  lol even blair in 1997 only got 43 % of the vote . 
  the only government post ww2 to have more than 50 % of the vote was the coalition in 2010 . 
  this is normal in non-pr systems . 
  in the uk 50 % + of people in huge numbers of constituencies do n't have the local representation they wanted . 
  this is just how it works with constituency-based politics . 
  that 's pretty nonsense tbh , this shit happens all the time under fptp ( actually it is much worse than this ) and there are n't any civil wars . 
  wow the socialists have done really well . 
  this is quite a victory for hollande considering where his party was at in the polls i think !, 
  judging by the numbers these are users that have posted on / r/europe within a certain time frame . 
  it 's based on flair too , and many users do not have one . 
  rough estimate , but it looks like we 're highest in absolute numbers by quite a large margin . 
  we have 2432 users while germany in second has only 1620 , netherlands in 3rd has 1105 and everyone else has < 1000 . 
  cheers , i could n't see it on mobile . 
  dumping is bad because if china removes subsidies we 'll be lumped with high costs . 
  it 's kinda like a larger company trying to freeze out smaller ones by selling products at below market value , waiting for them to go bust and then increasing prices when they 're the only business left . 
  this is especially important with new industries that would be competitive on a level playing field . 
  scale ? 
  no one would agree to that , besides the states committed to 2 % , which is not very many . 
  i doubt even the uk would commit to a binding target . 
  besides , what would even be the enforcement mechanism , expulsion from nato ? 
  only america and a few eastern european states would be left . 
  would that make nato stronger do you think ? 
  europe does produce locally for some things , but even those are not shared equally . 
  you wo n't see estonia involved in any fighter programmes any time soon put it that way . 
  it 's only really uk , france , germany , italy and sometimes spain that gets involved in this sorta stuff , other countries economies are too small . 
  if you cut spending you ca n't afford to project power , this a given . 
  but i would personally be fine with an army purely built for self-defense , i do n't really have an interest in being world police . 
  well that 's how it is currently anyway , ca n't see a problem with putting it in writing . 
  bear in mind germany 's budget is 1.1 % of gdp , and even with such a small budget they still are the 9th largest by expenditure in the world . 
  combined uk , france , and germany spend more than any other country bar america by far . 
  if anything the eu just needs more military collaboration , not more spending . 
  1 % of gdp is more than enough to defend against anyone if the army is efficiently funded . 
  it really would n't . 
  we would have to fight a conventional war if need be , but neglecting our allies would completely destroy nato and destabilize the whole world . 
  massive amounts of money would have to go back into the military and protectionist trade practices would come back . 
  modern society would be over . 
  i think yes , because otherwise nato would be dead . 
  if we 're not willing to defend the baltics it would send the signal that russia could do anything it wanted , which would probably mean more annexation and a regression back to pre ww2 times . 
  neither ourselves nor the americans would realistically have any choice . 
  not under the french electoral system , which is what matters . 
  this system is definitely much better than the uk system that 's for sure , having to get 50 % + is way more democratic than a fptp system . 
  of course some sort of pr is best though !, 
  it 's not the top party unless they get the most votes in the run off election . 
  if this was the same as the presidential elections they would n't even have to do this as only two candidates go forward to the second round . 
  if fn wants to win they need to get the support of a majority of their district , nothing anti-democratic about that . 
  as i said , that 's americas choice , the ball is in their court really . 
  they ca n't force other states to change , but they can leave if they want to . 
  but they wo n't , for the reasons i 've already outlined , it does n't make any sense for them to do so . 
  especially considering the mad principle , and the fact they 're already spending the money on their military anyway . 
  if they want to redeploy their troops from europe to somewhere more strategically useful for america they can do that without dismantling nato . 
  as to whether it 's worth the money , well that 's a matter of personal opinion really . 
  it 's up to individual states to decide what is the correct amount of military spending . 
  as to buying local , that 's not always an option , especially for smaller countries this is impossible . 
  developing the technology for aircraft and ships especially is way beyond the budget of most states . 
  even the uk that is mostly independent still relies on the us for quite a lot of equipment . 
  the us and russia are probably the only two countries in the world that are almost entirely independent equipment wise . 
  perhaps they disagree that 2 % is needed anymore . 
  i would question that figure personally , i just see it as a way for the us to prop up their military industrial complex . 
  and yes , it is a guideline , no one is under any obligation to meet it . 
  as for why it should be free , well it 's in americas interest to keep countries in it , because it keeps them in the american sphere . 
  countries outside nato have to either be non-aligned ( which means no military bases , missile shields or diplomatic help ) or friendly with another sphere .
