  i suppose this is n't really surprising though !, 
  cheers for the information . 
  a small engaged audience can intentionally distort the karma system that 's my point . 
  if they are much more active than the general user base then the content no longer reflects the user base but that active user group . 
  all it would take is 30 active users or so , but i think reddit has ways of preventing this anyway to a certain extent . 
  would be interested in seeing this data going back to january regarding the far right overlap . 
  do n't care about graph form a spreadsheet is fine if you have the data . 
  it would make sense to me that people who are fanatical about certain positions , people that hold strong opinions are much more likely to upvote or downvote . 
  if people do n't care or are n't swayed either way they 're less likely to interact i think . 
  that 's why the most controversial topics tend to be full of mass downvoted comments . 
  most readers do n't upvote , comment or downvote . 
  really it depends who the active users are as to where content goes . 
  at least looking at this data , users that post on far right subreddits are more active than general users . 
  i do n't know if the user base is large enough or active enough though , you 'd need to look at upvotes / downvotes in that community probably . 
  are they only posting or also mass downvoting / upvoting comments ? 
  i rarely do either for instance but comment a lot . 
  it does only take a small number of upvotes / downvotes to heavily influence discussion though . 
  predictable responses as ever , let 's just bomb random sovereign countries without support of the international community . 
  sounds like a great recipe for success . 
  well no , there are many occasions when representatives do n't do what the people want , that 's one result of having representatives & not direct democracy . 
  the decisions are no less democratic if you do n't agree with them , they were voted into government to make decisions for you . 
  of course they take their constituents into account but they also act based on their own conscience . 
  they also have more information & tend to understand the situation better than most . 
  that would n't make the decision any less or more democratic . 
  sometimes governments have to make hard decisions that the public may not agree with , we elect them to make those decisions for us . 
  as opposed to ? 
  the entire population of catalunya is only 7.6 million for anyone wondering , so if this number is anywhere close to realistic that 's a ridiculously huge turnout . 
  denmark , ireland & the uk have opt outs , it 's not really surprising they would use them . 
  it does n't mean anything as to whether the quota system will pass or not . 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about how things are being done , most european countries are representative not direct democracies . 
  but yes , sure , do take this opportunity to bash the eu as you always do . 
  she said they would n't follow dublin ii in the case of syrian refugees , i.e. 
  they would n't deport them to border states . 
  that 's it , just the media sensationalised it as they do everything . 
  this was done to alleviate the strain put on border countries that are expected to take the full brunt of the refugee crisis . 
  the quotas is to help them not germany . 
  under the current system if things were done properly germany would hardly have to accept any refugees at all . 
  sure & then the eu will simply void your rights under the dublin ii regulation to deport people to border states . 
  they 're not forcing you to comply with this . 
  quite . 
  merkel is n't making the rules , more than just germany is in favour of quotas . 
  if there is n't a majority it wo n't happen , just as in the past . 
  switzerland negotiates with the eu from outside the eu . 
  they do n't get to decide eu policy & neither do the eea states . 
  the article is simply saying eea states / switzerland will have to take it or leave it as is . 
  either they want to be a part of eu dublin regulations or not . 
  sure , i understand the problem , but the amount of natural gas these countries use is really minor . 
  surely they can solve this problem purely by exporting non russian gas to these countries from domestic production or the middle east & north africa ( indirectly ) . 
  there are ways to solve the problem besides trying to cut out russia , who can be a reliable partner to western europe at least if not the east . 
  the solution certainly is n't more supply or upgrading the pipes through ukraine anyway , it 's definitely a good thing to bypass eastern europe imo for the reasons you outlined ( reliability ) . 
  sure , as long as you have the votes , that 's how the eu works . 
  this solidarity was always bullshit . 
  countries will do what is in their best interest , is that really surprising to you ? 
  eastern european countries are n't any different . 
  well obviously the germans see it as being cheaper , i 'm not sure why they 're seen as literally hitler on here just because they want cheaper prices . 
  the eastern european countries want the same . 
  perhaps the eastern european members are going on a downvote brigade , the scores in this thread are ridiculous . 
  wow , the german hate here is real . 
  these countries are only condemning the deal because they lose money out of it . 
  nothing to do with what 's going on in ukraine , i mean it 's not as if slovakia or poland are boycotting russia - slovakia gets 70 % of their gas from russia & 100 % of their oil from there , the situation is similar in poland . 
  indeed a climate similar to thailand or malaysia would be pretty perfect to be honest , similar to our summer all year round . 
  i would probably miss the seasons but i think it would be worth it to avoid [ this shit . 
  that 's why we get pushed down towards the tropics  . 
  i can deal with the humidity pretty fine . 
  to be fair all they are saying is you either follow the extensions to the dublin agreement ( quotas ) or you withdraw from it entirely . 
  they 're in the eea , it makes sense they do not have any say over this . 
  the dublin agreement is n't really fair on the border states which is why it needs to change . 
  they can decline the quota system it just means they wo n't be able to deport people back to these border states any more . 
  if it was n't for the weather i 'd agree . 
  i wish we could be pushed a few thousand miles south ... 
  i do n't agree , it 's not really about whether they 're hardworking or not , it 's more about the downward pressure on wages by an overabundance of low skilled labour . 
  if people did n't believe this , ukip would n't be as popular as they are . 
  their main issue is the eu & their main problem with the eu is freedom of movement . 
  before anyone starts debating with me the merits of low skilled labour , i 'm not arguing that point merely explaining why it 's still an issue for voters . 
  i think they 're referring to ships already docked at port are they not ? 
  those in the middle of the ocean can have people taken off them & then sunk or taken for scrap or something . 
  if they 're doing something illegal surely that does n't stand though ? 
  they can seize smugglers boats for instance i 'm sure ? 
  i support immigration within the legal channels . 
  i think my government is bit too harsh on outside immigration in terms of spousal & education visas . 
  i think after graduating university people should be able to stay here for a while & i do n't think there should be minimum income requirements to bring over your family . 
  i actually would n't be against further expansion of the freedom of movement to include certain commonwealth countries ( canada , australia , nz ) but i suppose that would have to be agreed on the eu level & i 'm not sure those countries would want freedom of movement with the entire eu unfortunately . 
  with regards to the migrant crisis , which i guess is your main question , i support my governments current position . 
  contribute monetarily ( i 'd like to see even more given than is currently the case though ! ), 
  while preventing those crossing the mediterranean from entering illegally . 
  i do n't really agree with accepting more even directly from the camps bordering syria , it just seems like a waste of money as far as i can see . 
  perhaps we can accept a small amount that we know will be able to get jobs & if they 're properly distributed around the country with permits to only work in certain counties . 
  i think sinking ships between turkey & greece is an ok idea as long as both countries are involved ( and no one is on board of course ) . 
  i do n't believe we should be encroaching on other countries sovereignty though , for example bombing ships in libyan waters . 
  i think like many other countries in the middle east a safe zone needs to be made in libya while working with the legitimate libyan government . 
  but if they refuse to work with us i do n't think there is really much we can do unless we get a legitimate un security council agreement for action . 
  i was reading that the army may be sent down next week when more harsh sentences are put in place . 
  this should help solve the problem from your end i think although you 'll still be condemned by the media . 
  but yea , who cares , people are fickle , this will be forgotten about within days anyway . 
  were they not syrian too , could n't they just claim asylum in the usual way ? 
  [ polish government revenue ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:government_revenue_and_expenditure,_2014_\\ ( % c2 % b9 \\ ) _ \\ ( % 25_of_gdp \\ ) _ yb15_ii . png ) is around the same as the uk so i doubt their taxes are much higher if at all . 
  i do n't know where you got that polish pay 50 % tax , in the uk vat on many items is 20 % but still the vat bill for someone in the bottom percentile is only 12 % & 4 % on the top percentile with a mean of 6 % , you do n't just add 20 % to your tax bill if that 's what vat is . 
  indeed some of our people pay 45 % income tax rate , where in poland this number is 32 % , yet the top 10 % of earners still only pay 20 % income tax as tax is staggered . 
  but if you have some figures to show the total taxes people pay i 'd be interested to see them , but i sincerely doubt they 're much above the uk avg . 
  people are n't fleeing serbia .
