  i do n't think it 's expense which is preventing it . 
  note : the americans do n't have many troops in eastern europe either , they 're mostly stationed in germany . 
  same for the uk although we 're withdrawing our troops from there too now ( in 2004 we had 25,000 troops in germany ) . 
  libya was a european clusterfuck that we ( the uk ) should n't have been involved in either . 
  i think germany will soon increase funding for equipment actually , at least that 's what the defense minister [ wants to do . 
  against russia ? 
  we would n't , european militaries are n't built to defend against russia in some world war ` end of days ' scenario , they have n't been since the end of the cold war . 
  the us military is n't either i should note . 
  even adjusting for purchasing power the polish budget is still much smaller . 
  but perhaps the german budget is badly spent , although it would have to be really badly spent !, 
  for reference german budget is 1.2 % of gdp , polish is 2 % , but german economy is 3.8 times as large as polish economy in ppp terms . 
  it 's also the case that a fair amount of military equipment is probably bought abroad , where purchasing power does n't matter . 
  sure , eu countries can contribute , but it 's ultimately going to be the us doing the heavy lifting in the vast majority of conflicts . 
  of course it 's for each country to decide themselves how much they want to contribute . 
  germany 's is $ 3.8 trillion , which is the comparison you were making . 
  polands military is good i 'm sure compared to most countries in the east , but their budget is pretty paltry compared to germany . 
  yes indeed , that 's their job as world power , [ we had our turn at that pre ww2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_britannica ) . 
  besides , there are other , arguably better ways to help fight poverty and disease . 
  [ the eu is rather good on that front . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ), 
  agreed , and it would be balanced up against the benefits gained from sacrificing it . 
  ultimately it 's not much of a bargaining chip is my point . 
  i do n't really care much for any of those things , i 'd rather we did n't act as world police . 
  it ultimately means cyprus will be involved in any large scale conflict as the enemy will want to remove that asset . 
  really ? 
  their budget is kinda terrible because their gdp is so low ( compared to western economies ) . 
  cyprus stations a rather large uk military base if i recall correctly . 
  i 'm british , i do n't think we need any us help in defending ourselves . 
  with two nuclear powers and the second largest combined military budget i do n't think the eu as a whole does either . 
  fielding combat operations abroad is somewhat more complicated , but equally i do n't have an issue with a more isolationist approach . 
  it 's about time we stopped getting involved in pointless american bombing operations in the me . 
  spending on the military is money not spent elsewhere . 
  you 're going to get better returns on infrastructure investment in most european economies than you are on the military . 
  apart from r&d ( which is a small minority of expenditure ) the military is a pretty unproductive sector , money is better spent elsewhere ( unless there is a large threat to sovereignty , in which case that ultimately trumps all ) . 
  it 's around 1.6 % of eu military expenditure indeed ( $ 209 bn ) . 
  i do n't think the larger eu countries give a crap and they 're the ones that ultimately call the shots . 
  germany would care if america withdrew their troops , but only because of the economic damage imposed , not for defense reasons . 
  pride and dignity spending does n't improve lifestyles and economic prosperity ... 
  yea this seems like a bit of a non-story to be honest . 
  stationing more troops in eastern european countries would be more of a major change . 
  on another note , did anyone else find the opening sentence amusing ? 
  `` the us plans to quadruple spending on its military presence in europe in order to deter russian aggression , *** leading us media say . 
  what ? 
  eh , serbia has been doing much better than slovenia and croatia in terms of growth even if the country is more poor . 
  for instance between 2000 and 2015 serbian gdp per capita grew 64 % ( constant prices ) , compared with 28 % in croatia and slovenia . 
  average annual nominal gdp growth over the period was 3.3 % vs 1.7 % in croatia and 2.1 % in slovenia . 
  so they 're behind , but catching up !, 
  this view is mostly correct to be fair , as long as you 're talking about eu countries . 
  there is only so much help you can give . 
  these countries are completely overwhelmed , they have millions of refugees present already and there is n't the infrastructure in place to provide for them . 
  lebanon has a population of 4.2 million , and a refugee population of 1.2 million . 
  this is approximately 1 refugee for every 4 local citizens . 
  how are they suppose to support that number of people ? 
  even if you donated $ 50 billion to them it would n't help , the number is just insurmountable . 
  but you 're right , ideally they should n't trample across europe . 
  but i doubt you would be advocating for voluntarily accepting so many refugees either ? 
  yep . 
  pretty futile i know . 
  can anyone explain to me the point of this ? 
  ca n't governments just block eu law in the council of ministers anyway ? 
  pretty high unemployment , or so i hear . 
  i think they all get sent back though to be honest , do n't think germany has an issue deporting them . 
  having a working population is also necessary , something the germans are slowly losing . 
  they do n't need refugees for sure , but they do need higher levels of immigration . 
  i remember on daily politics they had one of the key pollsters on and he said he suspected that in reality the remain side is probably pretty far ahead ( as i recall he said they were probably around 30 % ahead ) . 
  but there are problems with getting accurate polling data because there is n't the funding for it . 
  this is basically the story of the last election , internal labour polling was showing a completely different picture to what the polls for the papers were showing . 
  labour already knew they had lost badly months before the election . 
  there 's also this push by the media to make things look closer than they are because it sells more papers . 
  do you know where the surplus would have gone otherwise ? 
  is the federal government putting money into debt reduction ? 
  they have done for decades , but japan is falling behind europe . 
  between 1991 and 2015 japanese gdp per capita growth was 18 % . 
  for germany this figure was 34 % , for the uk 48 % , for the us 44 % , for france 27 % . 
  only italy in the g7 had lower growth of 7 % over the same period . 
  germany has a huge issue with their population growth , it is very very crucial for them to increase it or suffer huge economic decline . 
  indeed , population growth is pretty crucial for good growth . 
  the obr has done some simulations on this for the uk economy . 
  [ employment projections , absolute value and rate depending on migration . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/5c00024e3402ecd16b9b478763923efc.png ) [ change in net debt depending on migration . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/c4527b528983c812b75950f80cb5fe0b.png ) low migration , birth rates , and higher dependency ratios are a pretty big disaster as far as growth is concerned . 
  [ the way our system is designed the young support the old ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/1d990f1c0572ca6198546b839202d9f5.png ) , and if you have less and less young people to do this the system becomes unbalanced and unsustainable . 
  seeing as how it is the older generations that tend to be more resistant to immigration , i wonder if they would be willing to take a cut in their pension to pay for the reduced number of immigrants ? 
  i suspect probably not . 
  difference is , money spent in refugee camps is spent in the host country , not in germany . 
  the money spent here is more , but it will help german businesses and german growth more than it would spent abroad . 
  you 're not missing anything , people just do n't understand how ridiculously large federal budgets are , so a few billion seems like a lot when it 's actually nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  you can read more about the potential impacts the refugees may have on germany [ here . 
  ] ( http://bruegel.org/2015/10/how-will-refugees-affect-european-economies/ ) there will be short-term costs , but long term the benefits may end up outweighing these costs . 
  you can think of this money as investing in human capital . 
  and it 's not like the money goes into a black hole , as you say it is spent in the german economy . 
  businesses will benefit , consumers will benefit , and a large proportion of the money will end up right back with the government via taxation . 
  to be honest it 's clear to me from such information how important it is to keep these countries within the western sphere . 
  people complain about our support of sa all the time , but the alternative , with their wealth and resources , is far worse . 
  irreligious populations are increasing in europe not decreasing . 
  this is the future , religion will be practiced by a small minority . 
  as i recall only around 2 % of uk land has buildings ( including roads etc ) on it . 
  it 's always the same with the media and politicians . 
  blatant fear-mongering followed by ill advised policy based upon short sighted public outrage . 
  it 's basically a misunderstanding or misrepresentation of statistics which causes this .
