  our deal with saudi arabia on supporting their place on the un human rights council is surely more of a jab than that ? 
  yea , i 'm really not surprised that idea is popular in france . 
  perhaps they 'll change their mind when it starts costing 3x more on avg for everything they buy . 
  this kind of protectionism is so stupid , spurred on by ttip no doubt . 
  i 'm 26 , i 've only seen snow once or twice at christmas . 
  i do n't ever remember a fully white christmas ( more than a token amount of snow ) , although it 's possible it happened when i was young and i 've just forgotten . 
  papers in the uk lie all the time . 
  then they post a correction in small print at the back of the paper that no one will ever read . 
  to be honest the situation is nothing like the us , they are n't really comparable . 
  it 's difficult to get guns here and the homicide rate is massively lower . 
  i can understand why cops carry guns in america , although it 's not really needed here . 
  how often do they have mass shootings in norway ? 
  haha those comments are great . 
  that happened before police arrived . 
  on their way i presume . 
  generally i think the protocol is to avoid these kinds of individuals until armed police arrive . 
  that 's what happened with the murder of lee rigby at least . 
  perhaps this man was judged to be not a large enough threat to wait or too much of a harm to the public i do n't know . 
  these kind of things are really rare in the uk . 
  we have armed police , it 's just that regular police officers patrolling the street do not carry guns . 
  london has armed police on patrol all the time in cars , but not walking down the street or actively policing . 
  and have people shot by mistake , no thanks . 
  [ the police would tend to agree too . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-19641398 ), 
  well , we 're lucky we live in a very safe country , statistically speaking . 
  i do n't think people really have that much to fear , although events like this are always troubling . 
  christ the twitter comments on that post are depressing . 
  immediate reaction , let 's arm everyone !, 
  lone attackers are the most scary because it 's very difficult for the police to catch them before they do something crazy . 
  they are . 
  you make some great points , i do n't know why people are excessively down voting you . 
  it 's so ignorant and intolerant to just assume your way is the best . 
  i do n't know what 's happening to this sub ... 
  id cards are a bit of a sore spot in britain . 
  blair was going to introduce them but it was seen as a waste of money so we do n't have them . 
  i agree with you though , they 're a good idea . 
  my brother recently got screwed over because he 's had a provisional for many years ( due to this being the only acceptable id aside from a passport ) and apparently this makes you a higher risk in terms of accidents . 
  so now it 's too expensive to be put on his gfs insurance and he can only practice via car lessons . 
  that 's / r/europe tradition . 
  just as in any thread on german armed forces it 's just about broomsticks . 
  just make it a contributory system , people ca n't even claim tax credits till they 're 25 anyway . 
  i do n't see why we need to have different rules for uk citizens . 
  it does n't even have to be contributory , just say the person needs to have lived in the uk for at least 3 years or something . 
  this would then exclude new eu migrants by default . 
  it may impact some british people , but the number will be really small . 
  and besides , they should contribute a bit before claiming anyway . 
  not sure why they should get some exception just because they 're british . 
  i kinda get the feeling cameron is only making this request so he can look `` tough '' . 
  then he can go `` look i found another solution ! '' . 
  so pointless . 
  i 'd quite like the swiss system of government personally . 
  well , they do n't do the same , the money is spent on something . 
  it looks like it 's the same on the surface , but it 's not . 
  i had this conversation with a dane before because on the surface it looks like their welfare state is similar to ours , but it 's actually much more comprehensive and generous . 
  but as i said , you could do more with less , but it would only be more in the sense that the poor get the same and the rich get less . 
  this is difficult for governments to justify i think . 
  perhaps if you had a society that was entirely left wing , but that does n't really happen . 
  i think you can do it at much lower tax levels , probably around 35 % of gdp . 
  but it would require excessive means testing and those that are more wealthy would feel like they 're getting basically nothing from the state . 
  for universal coverage taxes have to be very high though . 
  he 's such a blatant troll / joker , he does this in almost every thread he posts in lol, 
  i agree with you , people do n't need that much money to lead a decent life . 
  better everyone earns a decent amount rather than some earning a pittance and others earning massive amounts , as is what naturally happens in a non regulated capitalist society . 
  [ imf figures ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/bad36e070e4ee373c7252df00566bd73.png ) , this is what i was referring to . 
  i 'm not sure what the article is referring to with regards to tax-to-gdp , but they seem to fall quite far short of these revenue figures . 
  this is quite normal for northern european economies to my recollections . 
  true , but we still need a political solution , i.e diplomacy to properly fight isil . 
  right now most opposition groups are busy fighting assad rather than isil . 
  they just say they are n't , and the people would have lost their papers to prove otherwise . 
  what mass immigration , the number of people immigrating to poland each year is minute , [ it 's one of the lowest in the eu . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/691594812441e20edfa7c599dd9fbf11.png ) 60 % of those are polish nationals returning home as well !, 
  this idea that poland has any kind of major issue with immigration or [ demographics ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/e71eaf8f55b46b2585788aeef26a2111.png ) is totally laughable . 
  i should remind you also that net migration for poland is actually negative , that is to say more people are leaving your country rather than immigrating to it . 
  i 'm saying that the eu system is quite similar to our system , and other government systems . 
  i personally do n't have an issue with commissioners not being elected , i think it 's a preferable system because it allows you to get the best person for the job whether they 're an mep or not . 
  i would n't be opposed to the president being directly elected , but i would suggest that 's pretty much the case already with how it works in practice . 
  you 're english , so i 'll explain this in terms of our parliament . 
  in the eu , the commission president is n't directly elected , this is correct . 
  however , there is also no requirement for the uk prime minister to be directly elected either . 
  indeed , gordon brown was n't directly elected as prime minister , he was elected by his party . 
  equally there is actually no requirement for our prime minister to even be an mp , he could be an unelected lord . 
  i should also note that the eu parliament has a convention that they will make clear their commission president candidate before the election , and the party with the most meps will elect their commissioner . 
  therefore , those voting know who they are also electing to be commissioner . 
  they even had commissioner debates before the election !, 
  now on the subject of commissioners and the commission president 's cabinet . 
  now it is true these are also not directly elected , however , there is equally no requirement for uk cabinet ministers to be elected . 
  indeed , you may remember the lord peter mandelson , who held many high positions within blair 's cabinet , yet he was n't elected . 
  indeed , baroness stowell is currently a cabinet minister and she is n't elected either . 
  there 's one difference between the two systems that actually makes the eu system more democratic , and that is that the eu parliament must directly approve of the commissioners as a package while there is no such requirement for this in the uk parliament . 
  the pm himself can literally decide to appoint someone to the lords , and then appoint him to the cabinet without consulting anyone . 
  the commission president ca n't do this . 
  of course then we have the issue of our voting system , which i 'm sure you know is not representative at all . 
  well , it depends on what is meant by insignificant . 
  but put it this way , let 's say a countries economy is $ 3 trillion , and their debt is $ 2 trillion , this gives them a debt to gdp ratio of 66.7 % ( not all that dissimilar to germany currently ) . 
  let 's say the country has economic growth of 2 % pa , and no surplus or deficit , a balanced budget . 
  over 10 years , their economy would grow by 22 % and their debt to gdp ratio would fall from 66.7 % to 54.7 % . 
  this is an 18 % reduction over 10 years without paying off any of the debt . 
  i believe this money is partly about bank recapitalization although i could be wrong . 
  that would mean increasing france 's deficit , which the eu probably would n't approve of . 
  hopefully , [ this graph ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/225da2e7b50ec72a9a50f09136ecfe36.png ) will make the concept clear .
