  besides a referendum would require changing the constitution would n't it ? 
  or having a spanish referendum first , which surely would n't support a referendum for the regions . 
  yep i was thinking the same , the catalan parties especially , so it seems they may get their referendum or at least some changes in how taxes are dealt with there . 
  ok cheers . 
  do you know where the catalan parties will vote as far as forming a government is concerned ? 
  interesting , which party is dil ? 
  google suggested most of the others are left wing nationalists . 
  also who will these guys vote for in the government , because it seems they may hold the balance of power ... erc would support podemos i guess due to their position on catalunya . 
  not sure where the basque parties pnv/bildu will vote . 
  what is otros ? 
  i mean i assume it means others , but what other parties are there that will actually get any seats ? 
  oh ok that means pp government is quite likely then . 
  i mean psoe podemos still has slight edge but it 's very close . 
  indeed , uk system is the worst . 
  i would like mmp or stv . 
  it 's not about dividing europe per se , just about stopping political integration ( in trade we want more integration ) . 
  that 's not a negative in my mind either , i 'm not a federalist . 
  that 's not surprising really , they 're all just equivalent parties . 
  centre right supports centre right , centre left supports centre left , left supports left , liberal supports liberal . 
  thanks , so it looks like podemos psoe are the most likely to form a government in that case . 
  that 's not just cameron 's modus operandi , it 's been british philosophy since the beginning . 
  our population has a very different opinion about the eu , so politicians do n't have the option of pushing towards integration . 
  so we try to sabotage and thus reduce the power of our neighbours . 
  an integrated eu would be a disaster for the uk . 
  in my opinion , cameron has actually fucked this up entirely . 
  he 's a gift to federalists all over the eu because he could actually get us kicked out . 
  not only that but he could break up the uk by pushing the scots to leave the union . 
  all because he felt he needed to try and temper ukip support and appease his backbenchers . 
  such a plonker . 
  just a question , will ciudadanos only abstain in a vote , they definitely wo n't support pp ? 
  if so unless the polls are hilariously wrong it 's likely that the only legitimate options are psoe and podemos or psoe and pp . 
  also who will iu/up support , and why are they only predicted to get 1-3 seats with 4 % of the vote , that seems a bit fucked up ? 
  income inequality is n't much better , [ in 2012 ] ( http://www.wid.world/#database: ) the share of total income controlled by the top 10 % was 39 % . 
  this compares with ( as per [ ons data ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/was/wealth-in-great-britain-wave-4/2012-2014/rpt---article-main-results.html#tab-conclusions ) ) the wealthiest 10 % of households owning 45 % of total aggregate household wealth . 
  intriguingly denmark has really small income inequality , the top 10 % of earners there only control 27 % of aggregate income . 
  perhaps it has something to do with the outrageous salaries in our finance industry ? 
  then again it 's almost as bad in germany at 40 % . 
  i do n't have data for wealth inequality in italy , but italian income inequality is n't as bad as in the uk . 
  in 2009 the top 10 % of earners in italy took home 34 % of total income , and in the uk for the same year that figure was 42 % . 
  i do believe the uk is one of the worst in europe for income inequality . 
  fair enough . 
  itt : something something , everything is merkel 's fault . 
  actually that 's every thread about most things on these forums ha !, 
  we can produce our own food , but we ca n't produce our own gas . 
  90 % of russian gas goes to europe as well as 72 % of the oil . 
  it 's a relationship that is essential to both sides . 
  for instance , in 2014 38 % of italian gas and 39 % of german gas was imported from russia . 
  both sides do it , if you want a rounded opinion just read both sides and decide for yourself . 
  all media has biases at the end of the day . 
  you ca n't really excuse what these people are doing though , they should n't be resorting to violence and intimidation . 
  they were mostly rioters from outside that town right ? 
  they did n't even live there anyway . 
  well , they 're the leader in terms of economics and power within the eu institutions , but they 're still a minor partner compared to everyone else . 
  i think it 's partly that many northern european economies see things in similar ways , and because many countries are so connected to germany via trade what 's good for germany tends to be good for them too . 
  but it 's about self-interest at the end of the day , and we should n't see any leaders of eu countries as `` leaders '' of the eu in the sense you 're referring to . 
  they 're leaders in terms of power , not leaders in terms of driving policy that is necessarily beneficial for everyone in the eu . 
  i do think the media is guilty of over exaggerating german influence , though , they are just one country among many at the end of the day . 
  but it 's useful to single out one person or one country to blame , even though decisions on the eu level are made by multiple countries not just one . 
  should n't merkel be putting germany first , being the chancellor of germany ? 
  i do n't know why people expect any of these politicians to be altruistic . 
  the eu has always been about mutually beneficial relationships . 
  this whole solidarity idea is pretty much bullshit to be honest . 
  who are you referring to ? 
  merkel ? 
  indeed it does n't . 
  yea we actually do n't really rely on russia at all for energy . 
  7 % of oil comes from russia and no significant amount of gas comes from there . 
  this will change however over the coming decades , north sea supplies are declining which means we produce less and will import less from norway . 
  requirements from russia will probably increase over time i would think , although we will never be as reliant as many other countries in continental europe . 
  ok cheers !, 
  just bear in mind we see this in a different way too  edit : i think this is where a lot of differences of opinion as far as the military is concerned appear on here too . 
  especially from a uk perspective , having never been conquered by anyone , we just do n't see things in this way . 
  just a minor question , are other people referring to this issue , in the same way , do you think ? 
  because it 's really not clear from a western perspective that 's what you 're talking about . 
  most people here would n't see it in that way i think . 
  save me from debating different points of view and misunderstanding people lol . 
  oh ok , i see your point now , you 're referring to some literal conflict scenario . 
  i 'm not really worried about that to be honest . 
  i see energy security as a monetary issue ( gas from different places costs different amounts ) , not as a possibility of losing supply all together !, 
  how do you lose the ability to influence pipelines ? 
  most capacity in europe is still going to go through countries that are `` not germany '' first . 
  it 's pretty inevitable that any gas coming from northern europe is going to go through germany before it reaches the uk , that 's a geographical necessity . 
  you basically just summed up this entire thread . 
  it gives germany more influence sure , but only at the expense of reducing the influence of slovakia and poland . 
  the planned pipeline , even combined with nord stream 1 would have a similar capacity to brotherhood pipeline passing through slovakia ( 100 bcm vs 110 bcm ) . 
  germany would n't have sole bargaining power either unless you think the other pipelines are just going to disappear , which is n't the case . 
  we could make any further conflict extremely damaging for russia by arming ukraine . 
  i just do n't see the sanctions as doing anything meaningful , we should have helped ukraine over a year ago with weapons directly . 
  i see this from a realpolitik perspective so it may seem harsh from a ukrainian perspective , but it makes sense to me at least , as you said , to recognise crimea as being russian and letting the east become independent and autonomous . 
  once this is done head towards further integrating ukraine into europe and help them with economic aid . 
  without some kind of agreement like this we 're just in another palestine situation . 
  you have to accept the reality of the situation you 're in . 
  but of course it is easy for me to say this , not being from the country involved . 
  they 're not centralising influence , they 're just reducing the importance of [ the pipelines ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9e7a7677a1464e787c782fee34febe4a.png ) that pass through ukraine and belarus . 
  the latter of which only passes through poland before reaching germany . 
  as i said before , i 'd rather germany had more control over this flow than poland for geopolitical reasons . 
  i would rather rely on germany that sees this as an economic relationship than e. europe ( and especially ukraine ) that has political issues with russia . 
  from a western european perspective , it makes far more sense to cut out the politics but , of course , i understand it from your pov too , i just do n't agree . 
  i mean it really is about giving e. europe power over the west as far as taking a hard line on russia is concerned . 
  as i said before , i would rather see the west de-escalate that by keeping e. europe separate from russia as far as is desired by those countries .
