  the fact these financial institutions are so important they can not be allowed to collapse . 
  they make bad investments then when those investments fail we have to bail them out . 
  it should n't be this way ... as a layperson has anything changed since 2010 or could this very easily happen again ? 
  oil prices are n't going to stay low for long , a rise is inevitable . 
  haha i doubt they 're that bothered , they can just sell to germany . 
  well they were heavily in support of fracking in the north of england , if people do n't want this in the south they 'll find it hard to justify fracking any more !, 
  1 bomb = 1 freedom, 
  perhaps dave needs to take lessons from ed on how to eat a hot dog ? 
  it 's also the feeling that they 're politically independent & outside the reach of special interest groups more than mainstream politicians ( because they 're not elected ) . 
  having a head of state that lasts more than 5 years allows them to gain the respect of their peers as well & create better long term relationships with other countries . 
  you do n't need to stop all military spending , but not acquiring new technology & weapons is probably a good idea . 
  just service what you already have & upgrade later at a better time . 
  haha that 's fantastic !, 
  i think the eu works fine for us at the moment . 
  i do n't buy the immigration argument or the services argument . 
  public services are struggling because they 're not funded well enough due to cuts in spending . 
  if we have immigrants coming in , paying tax & ni , we should be using that money to make sure we have the services to provide for them . 
  but we do n't & hence we 're suffering . 
  what would you want changed within the eu ? 
  also it should be noted that when new member states join the eu we are allowed to impose restrictions on the freedom of movement for a period of time so as to not be overwhelmed with a large influx of people . 
  most eu countries chose to use that right , but we in the uk strangely did not . 
  very true , and here we are complaining about young polish/bulgarian immigrants using our healthcare . 
  newsflash dc , young people do n't get sick nearly as often as old people !, 
  that might change after the general election in may ( i hope ) . 
  agreed !, 
  i think in terms of modern history ( last 500 years ) france & the uk trumps most countries , we 've been the centre of europe for a long long time . 
  must say though i think a lot of the `` interestingness '' of england comes from the exportation of our culture . 
  this is increased due to the prevalence of american culture worldwide & the increased usage of english as a result . 
  americans love our royal history as well so a lot of films/tv series get created about it since they do n't have a monarchy themselves . 
  i think france especially has quite large film market for instance but the stories of their past are n't exported as much outside the country since people do n't speak french like they do english . 
  wow the uk results are really impressive !, 
  so we 're good at something !, 
  no nordic winners here !, 
  ^ although ^ sweden 's ^ tied ^ with ^ us ^ :(, 
  social democracy is still going strong in nw europe bro, 
  well iraq is a lot larger in population & size . 
  while coalition forces were in high numbers they 're not as high as russia & concern for civilian casualties will be substantially less important to a russian invading force than in iraq . 
  of course i 'm not ruling out issues either but i think if russia committed it would n't be that problematic . 
  i do n't think they would though , if anything they would just annex the russian speaking eastern parts . 
  haha i do n't think anyones surprised by this . 
  18 or 18.5 is too high to ban under imo . 
  most victoria 's secret models for instance have a bmi under 18 & i would n't say they 're unhealthy looking for the most part . 
  gisele bundchen for instance also has a bmi under 18 & would you say she looks unhealthy ? 
  what about doutzen kroes ? 
  i mean i dunno , i just do n't think this is going to even remotely solve the problem . 
  you ban models with a bmi under 18.5 you 're still going to have girls trying to lose weight any way they can to look pretty . 
  i mean anorexia is n't even a physical issue it 's psychological . 
  what i mean is , the weight does n't even matter , they do n't even realise how slim they are anyway , otherwise they 'd start eating more food !, 
  i think it just means whether the person likes the country or not , so it 's probably a mix of all those things . 
  this is going too far . 
  most victoria 's secret models for instance have a bmi under 18 & i would n't say they 're unhealthy looking for the most part . 
  gisele bundchen for instance also has a bmi under 18 & would you say she looks unhealthy ? 
  what about doutzen kroes ? 
  i think in principle some sort of guidelines are a good idea here , but if you 're going to use bmi ( not the best measure of healthiness by a long shot ) then you should use a lower figure than 18 . 
  such a shame , russia could be like the west with a high standard of living & wealth by now . 
  but instead they choose conflict . 
  well it 's true , there 's no point having freedom if you do n't have a military to show others how good it is . 
  i mean that 's kinda what the british empire was really , a freedom exporting machine . 
  you 're just continuing what we started those many centuries ago . 
  i love our free health care , but you 're right , i 'm pretty much barely surviving here without the free drink refills i have to admit . 
  i mean it sucks really because i have this great healthcare system i do n't use because the food i eat is so healthy & nutritious . 
  kinda a waste of money when you think about it . 
  but then we 'd have fucking king charles i , king of europe in 10 years . 
  dear god ... makes me realise he 's going to be our monarch soon ... 
  i think he was just referring to how other member states look to germany on these issues , how they 're a sort of leader figure of sorts with a lot of influence . 
  so although the debt is n't held by them ( most of it is n't ) they control to a certain extent whether more loans can be given even if they are n't the ones personally guaranteeing it . 
  of course , you 're right but still some people would blame america as the primary leading agent in the wars . 
  most english people think americans are war mongering imperialists no ? 
  especially after dragging us into iraq & afghanistan . 
  that 's why i said whatever price is economical . 
  for germany this might be # 20 , for spain # 10 , for poland # 5 etc. 
  bbc would n't lose money on this , most of their content is produced in house - they do n't have to pay any license fees . 
  they could make it practically free in many markets if they really wanted to . 
  what this will mean however is that smaller foreign broadcasters will find it very difficult to get rights to english language content as creators would rather sell to netflix/bbc/sky etc. 
  does n't matter if people are willing to pay for it , they just need to make it available for whatever fee is economical ( # 10 , # 20 whatever ) . 
  unless they mandate the price has to be the same eu wide which would be the end to the license fee most likely . 
  not sure they 'll do that though , citizens of different countries obviously have varying amounts of money to spend . 
  well it takes time to change peoples views to be fair . 
  i mean for instance in my country homosexuality was illegal till 1967 which really is n't that long ago when you think about it . 
  in your country it was a few decades prior i believe ? 
  different populations have different opinions on the issue , it 's not entirely to do with education i do n't believe . 
  incest for instance is still very taboo in most countries but i do n't have a problem with it personally . 
  would n't want to be involved with it myself but do n't want to tell others what they can/can ' t do . 
  intriguingly despite russia 's stance on homosexuality for instance , incest is not illegal in their country yet it is in many europeans . 
  probably canada . 
  i would say america but the healthcare & welfare situation there kinda scares me . 
  if i had to choose somewhere in europe probably france . 
  but this is my point , we should n't be liberating territory or gaining any new territory . 
  only issue uk has is our territories abroad like the falklands but a large number of troops are n't needed to defend those areas . 
  with regards to within the eu i 'm not really sure what the threat is there ? 
  this was / u/benthetraveler 's point , any conflict with a major power would be nuclear . 
  i do n't think maintaining huge troop numbers through some idea that we are going to be invaded by russia is a smart use of resources . 
  if you look at the conflicts we 've been in over the last 50 years almost all of them have been in the middle east . 
  haha , good thing i 'm not a commander then !, 
  intriguingly this is the way the military is going though . 
  even for american forces they prefer drone strikes these days , lot less risk involved . 
  agreed . 
  i think small highly mobile special forces + the drone programme is the way forward . 
  no more expensive invasion style occupations , they 're a complete waste of money . 
  when i watched the documentary i could n't help but be slightly envious of the attitude they have to welfare .
