  `` similarly , the extreme left identifies a strong degree of state economic control , which may also be accompanied by liberal or authoritarian social policies . 
  it 's muddled thinking to simply describe the likes of the british national party as `` extreme right '' . 
  the truth is that on issues like health , transport , housing , protectionism and globalisation , their economics are left of labour , let alone the conservatives . 
  it 's in areas like police power , military power , school discipline , law and order , race and nationalism that the bnp 's real extremism -- as authoritarians -- is clear . 
  it 's easy to see how the term national socialism came into being . 
  the uncomfortable reality is that much of their support comes from former labour voters . '', 
  i do n't want to see russia join in the next 20 years , they 're far too different . 
  nato perhaps sure but not the eu . 
  this is the fault of the press . 
  they like to paint merkel as some undemocratic grand leader of europe even if she 's not . 
  they 're not arguing for that although a lot of english people do want it , not only in england but all over western europe . 
  well the cabinet & pm set the agenda , if they do n't agree with him they vote against it in parliament & that is what they did . 
  i should amend my previous statement , you can blame the labour party mps who voted for the war !, 
  you should also blame the conservative mps too however who almost all voted in favour . 
  i would say the electorate are to blame for that , they voted the guy in not the mps :p, 
  haha well it 's kinda amusing really because before we went to war tony blair [ brought the subject up at the commons ] ( http://www.publicwhip.org.uk/division.php?date=2003-03-18&amp;number=117&amp;display=allpossible ) to vote on the issue . 
  people still blame labour despite the fact more in their party disagreed ( and voted not to go to war ) with the war than in the conservative party ( they 're the other main political party ) . 
  so really the blame can be left firmly at the feet of blair & his cabinet , but surely not at the feet of the labour party as a whole . 
  good thread on this [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/politicaldiscussion/comments/35mers/if_the_trans_pacific_partnership_is_such_a_great/ ) main post quoted below : `` all treaties are generally negotiated in secret , not just trade treaties , because draft documents do not actually represent what any country is actually seeking but rather a position they are taking to secure the terms they want . 
  countries will always overreach during negotiations by asking for insane/unrealistic things to be included such that the other countries involved are more willing to settle on a moderate position . 
  its precisely the same reason business deals , employment contracts and generally any other adversarial situation wont have working documents released publicly ; it weakens the negotiation position for all sides to have a perfect understanding of the goals of the other side ( s ) . 
  nafta is the only recent trade treaty which was not negotiated entirely in secret as the executive lacked fast track authority , every draft had to be approved by congress and could be amended by them which significantly weakened the us negotiation position , reduced the effectiveness of the final treaty and resulted in the process taking significantly longer then it needed to do so . 
  further members of congress who claim to have not seen the treaty or wish they could let americans see the draft are lying for political advantage ; - any member of congress or their staff can read the draft treaty at any time they please . 
  members of the commerce & trade committees have access to the working documents . 
  any member of congress can contact the us negotiation team to answer queries . 
  - any member of congress could read it in to the congressional record to make it available to the public without encountering sanctions for doing so . 
  keeping up the mystery is politically useful , actually letting people see the full draft is not . 
  beyond this we have a pretty good idea of the positions each country is taking , the wikileaks leaks of draft sections did n't contain anything particularly surprising and the claims that tpp/ttip do something unusual from prior agreements are mostly wrong . 
  great example is isds which has been fairly standard in trade agreements since the 50 's and was pioneered in european trade agreements , all the abuse that people claim isds allows has never occurred in the past so its confusing why they consider it will occur in the future when tpp/ttip simply rationalizes existing agreements from many treaties in to this single one . 
  the only major changes in ip relate to trademarks ( particularly with ttip , eu is trying to establish geographic trademarks outside of the eu ) and copyright enforcement ( terms are already standard , enforcement is not ) . 
  patents have very few changes as this was already standardized during the 90 's . 
  from an economics perspective the [ agreements are a no-brainier ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/03/12/why-obamas-key-trade-deal-with-asia-would-actually-be-good-for-american-workers/ ) and tpp/ttip combined are up there with the formation of the eu free trade zone in terms of the liberalization of trade . 
  from tpp/ttip there is a very clear path to unifying the world in to a free trade zone which is something economists have been trying to convince governments to do for over a century . 
  claims regarding job losses or reduction of wages are simply unsupported by empirical work that looks at trade , liberalization of trade can certainly be short-run disruptive for labor but long-run trade specialization results in low-income/low-skill jobs being replaced with high-income/high-skill jobs while also reducing the price of goods for consumers . 
  employment/income is not zero-sum , someone in china getting a job/pay raise does not mean someone in america has lost a job/had a pay cut . '', 
  so vote it down when it comes to congress in full . 
  these agreements are a yes/no deal , you ca n't change certain clauses after being agreed upon by the parties involved . 
  the individual countries have to decide whether overall the deal is worth it . 
  that 's why it 's important it 's fast tracked , without that this deal is essentially dead before anyone even knows what 's in it . 
  similarly how can you be against something that is unknown ? 
  that is why this is so frustrating . 
  argue about the issues when they 're known & the agreement is fixed not beforehand . 
  sigh , why does it matter if it 's done in secret or not ? 
  the eu will vote on the agreement & if you do n't agree with what 's in it you can lobby for them to vote against it when the time comes . 
  worrying about what is and what is not in the agreement before it is even presented is just idiocy . 
  plus the labour party itself . 
  there are a lot of people that still wo n't vote labour due to the war in iraq . 
  perhaps we should ditch the cap , then there would be no need for a rebate . 
  i 'm sure british farmers would be happy if this were to happen , we could have our own subsidy more fit for purpose . 
  we could also be given an opt out as well . 
  it means they can fire you for no reason ( they do n't have to provide cause ) with no warning . 
  so i guess we 'll soon have ` at will employment ' like in america . 
  fuck this country seriously . 
  this is even the case with young people ? 
  that surprises me !, 
  i do n't understand how , as a foreigner , you can not learn the local language . 
  seems bizarre to me , you would miss out on so much . 
  one wonders why they moved there in the first place . 
  this sounds cool , what would you say is the minimum wage in your country ? 
  for example what is the lowest wage you have heard about and what job was that person ( group of persons ) doing ? 
  cheers !, 
  do you think the unions are ever disruptive ? 
  what happens when an industry dies and people need to be fired because it is not cost effective any more ? 
  for example what do you think will happen when automation takes most jobs ? 
  i think it 's probably as common as in america but you guys have a much larger immigrant population than we do . 
  the foreign language speakers in england are a really small group & are very mixed with no specific language having a large proportion of the total . 
  as far as second languages go french & german are quite popular but our education is kinda terrible ( with foreign languages ) & people do n't feel the need to learn any other language . 
  we think everyone should learn english . 
  by that i mean everyone in the world not just people that visit ... of course very few of us can even speak a second language either . 
  does this count for english speakers too ? 
  how does it work for small businesses ? 
  are all businesses part of some union even the smallest ? 
  yup , america was basically playing britain during the napoleonic wars . 
  the minor parties : greens , ukip , lib dems , plaid all want voting reform . 
  unfortunately actually getting voting reform is difficult because these parties do n't get many seats despite a large amount of the popular vote . 
  me too , i swapped my vote with a green voter in a labour target seat ( voteswap.org ) so that we can both increase the green national vote and help to keep the tories out . 
  you have vast areas of land in sweden where no one lives though . 
  we do n't have that in england , you ca n't walk more than an hour without seeing a house . 
  actually i ca n't think of anywhere mountainous in england that does n't have housing within viewable distance . 
  what 's more most land that does n't have houses is farm land & not suitable for wild animals like this . 
  they have the [ largest sovereign wealth fund in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_sovereign_wealth_funds ) in aggregate . 
  they 're also the country with the [ second largest niip ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_creditor_nations_by_net_international_investment_position_per_capita ) behind japan . 
  to say china is like greece is completely and utterly false . 
  but everything affects them while they do n't have fiscal autonomy . 
  a lower income in england directly affects the amount of money they receive in scotland so of course they 're going to want to influence english politics as well . 
  of course a solution to this is to give them fiscal autonomy & create english devolved parliaments for the regions . 
  but under the current system i would n't blame scottish mps for voting on `` english '' issues . 
  does 14 airports for 1.2 billion seems ridiculously cheap to anyone else ? 
  you would be right , it 's based on vsl figures & the effect air pollution has on public health . 
  [ here 's the full study . 
  ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/276772/economic-cost-health-impact-air-pollution-en.pdf ) governments can now use these figures to rebudget more towards reducing air pollution as the potential gains are obviously very high . 
  yea this is always how i 've seen the alliance as well ( i 'm from uk ) . 
  the reason being that chinese sphere of influence is n't as important to us . 
  we do n't border them & we do n't have massive connections with that part of the world . 
  with japan & s. korea as well as america 's influence globally it is much more important for them to project power against china than it is for us . 
  we 're not really trying to compete with china in the same way as we 're not a superpower like america is . 
  these countries exist as a tax haven for wealth created in the large economies that 's what i mean . 
  it 's the fact that they 're within the eu which is the issue , it would n't be a problem if they were outside . 
  perhaps we should enforce eu wide tax rules so countries like luxembourg ca n't even exist any more .
