  hungary can block these people entering for the same reason the british government can block them entering in calais . 
  the only people that ca n't block them are those directly bordering the country the refugees are claiming asylum from . 
  ok so what you 're saying is that as long as the money is spent eventually , consumption taxes are not regressive ? 
  that if they do n't consume * now * , they will eventually ? 
  the thing is the money never has to be spent , or even if it is it definitely does n't have to be spent in the uk . 
  the tax people directly & indirectly through sales taxes & duty pay is around 1/3rd of their income . 
  there are other taxes like corporation tax or employers ni but there is no guarantee that is going to go back into their pocket . 
  it will go into someone 's pocket but there 's no guarantee that will be you or even someone resident in the uk . 
  from a european perspective i would say it is . 
  the third world migrations are massive too i agree . 
  hungary is under no obligation to accept these people into their country . 
  treat them how you would treat anyone else trying to trespass illegally . 
  why would he lie about having 4 wives , how do you know he did & why would that help him get asylum ? 
  hungary does n't have to host anyone they just have to get control of their borders and refuse entry from serbia . 
  greece was in the process of setting up an agreement to deport back to turkey i thought ? 
  italy is fucked though , little they can do at the moment . 
  while true for many countries hungary does n't suffer this problem . 
  they could draft the army and lock down the border . 
  contain the migrants in serbia . 
  i 've been told multiple times they must be let through hungary because that country is n't safe . 
  i often wonder what the hungarians think when people say ridiculous things like this . 
  i honestly think the army needs to be sent to the border , these people need to be registered . 
  so arrest them , this shit is getting ridiculous , it really is the great migration . 
  it 's not wrong at all , the source is the uk office for national statistics . 
  the amount of indirect taxes of course decreases , but those taxes as a percentage of their income increases the less they earn . 
  that 's why consumption taxes are pretty much always regressive . 
  [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/f3083539db6b4cb5d12330549536a678.png ) is a breakdown of the numbers ( 1st to last percentile plus average ) , [ here ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/8004592cbc76c8e1185092b064103c77.png ) are a [ few ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/78d249ce8a48965af64be300fb4cec0c.png ) pretty [ charts ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/50c2af967add6877c7934765d5ecad6c.png ) that make it [ clear ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/6115bde70d5c582aa054212de05d1eb6.png ) why they 're [ regressive . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/1f8494381ec48b9391dcf35e3cd45b95.png ) i did n't say anything about savings , what are you referring to ? 
  tax level is actually around 1/3rd in the uk & some of that ( around 10-20 % ) would n't go anywhere because it 'd have to pay for the military plus emergency services . 
  so yes they will get more but not much , and less than they receive in benefits under the current system due to redistribution . 
  yes agreed , let countries integrate further if that 's what they want to do . 
  i have , the average household pays [ 34 % of their income in tax ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/c99a36d04dfed1500d7f174a40c1d6fa.png ) , including all indirect and direct taxes . 
  how is my income going to triple if you take that cost away , it 's not , for many people it wo n't increase at all . 
  indeed for minimum wage workers their salary would probably decrease because these policies would also get rid of the minimum wage without replacing it with any kind of cash benefits . 
  i think you misunderstand hardworking & people that add value . 
  there are many people that work multiple low skill jobs , are very hard working , but do n't earn a high wage due to their education or intelligence . 
  these people would be totally fucked under this system . 
  how is the person earning # 3700 going to survive ( avg income for someone in lowest percentile ) when their benefits are currently # 12500 on average , more than three times their current salary . 
  less taxes is n't going to make my pay 3 times more lol & there is n't any more competition than before . 
  the very technical jobs may well be but the jobs most people have is not after accounting for the benefits they lose . 
  in the uk you have to go to the 7th income percentile before people start paying more tax on avg ( all taxes , both direct and indirect combined ) than they receive in benefits for instance . 
  i think probably the best solution is for e. european states to just get their oil & gas from within europe . 
  russia ca n't fuck germany around on prices & long term it 's going to be difficult to not deal with them as they have the largest proven reserves in the world by far . 
  i suppose if iter goes well perhaps we wo n't need it lol ... 
  i 'm still not in favour of anything that concentrates even more power into the hands of the few tbh . 
  more localism is key ... 
  one wonders if recent events have shown people how far we are away from federalism , if that ever even happens . 
  uk does n't really import much oil from russia ( [ ~ 7 % ] ( http://www.eia.gov/beta/international/analysis.cfm?iso=gbr ) ) , we could actually do with importing none ( we still export around 1/3 of what we import ) , most of it is imported from norway . 
  but yes , i hope things with the migrant crisis & other areas are settled when our eu referendum comes about . 
  why would you get around 2-3x the salary you 're getting now ? 
  i think it probably `` worked '' for the wealthy , not sure it worked for most people . 
  i read recently that brothels in dresden are having 20 % discount for the unemployed . 
  there were other videos of her tripping other people also . 
  i think the problem is if you give someone an inch they 'll take a mile . 
  while these small numbers are no problem in my opinion , if you 're accepting of any number it will inevitably increase . 
  indeed that is what we 've seen with the subsequent plans put forward as far as quotas is concerned . 
  i think if they came forward with a plan like what the dutch have suggested , with registration centers outside the eu plus deportation of anyone arriving illegally , but in the mean time people have to accept quotas , there would be more acceptance in the short term . 
  the problem is people do n't see this quota system as any real solution to the problem , which as you point out is only going to get worse . 
  indeed . 
  for me a better wording of the sentence would be `` more likely the germans elected themselves '' . 
  this avoids that conundrum . 
  it 's good to be king . 
  indeed , the monarchy would have to be really despised for any politicians to even talk about the issue . 
  it 's a giant can of worms no one would want to talk about for fear of upsetting people . 
  you got no reply at all ? 
  they said this has to be an eu plan and is n't realistic in the short term . 
  they want to set up centres in safe border countries such as turkey where people can register for asylum . 
  anyone arriving to the eu by other means will be deported back to there . 
  did you pm the moderators ? 
  why are peoples first assumptions here that something nefarious is going on without first even talking to the moderators they have a problem with ? 
  what 's the age of consent in pakistan ? 
  if it 's younger than here that may go some way to explaining the cultural difference . 
  they also have less respect for women too i guess , perhaps they even see them as property . 
  have n't really experienced this problem in the uk i got ta say . 
  perhaps more of the shops that sell in the us also sell in the uk . 
  are you using your countries version of google ? 
  did you try to message the mods ? 
  what did they say ? 
  well you can tolerate some censorship otherwise you would n't be `` all for removing blatantly racist comments '' . 
  of course with everything it 's a sliding scale & not everyone has the same definition of what is & what is not acceptable . 
  perhaps he 's just the most active ? 
  i mean i checked some of the mods before & many of them never seem to post so perhaps they 're not even active any more . 
  could be wrong . 
  i do n't think you should just assume because one mod bans more users than others that something nefarious is going on . 
  people keep claiming the mods are trying to censor posts about immigration yet the front page is full of immigration related topics , so if that is indeed the case they 're not really doing a good job !, 
  also , as i keep saying in threads of this nature , people should really pm the mods , converse with them , if your submission or post is deleted . 
  perhaps they made a mistake & when you send modmail it goes to all the mods so they can look into it for you . 
  better than trying to go on some witch hunt against one member of the mod team imo . 
  i think we 're doing our bit , but i guess you can disagree , that 's fine . 
  we give almost # 6 billion per year to multilateral aid organisations . 
  i guess those ngos are all useless too ? 
  it will probably go how it went when sweden tried to dump refugees in the north of their country . 
  so he needs 3 then !, 
  why two ? 
  greece was growing at around 5 % per annum between the 90s & late 2000s . 
  the euro area as a whole was growing at around 2-3 % . 
  no you were just always rich . 
  do n't think the deaths are the reason , the uk only lost around 1 % of its population during ww2 ( ~ 450k including losses from colonies ) . 
  i think it 's just mobilization during ww2 increasing our productivity , america saw something similar happen at the same time . 
  the uk chancellor ( finance minister ) yesterday spoke of how we need to direct more of our money to conflict zones & failed states .
