  edit : of course the net wealth would slowly increase though due to existing housing stock being much larger than newly added . 
  that would indeed be cool to see !, 
  this is net mean wealth though , rising debt would lower net wealth . 
  it 's mean wealth as far as i can see . 
  edit : yes , it is mean wealth , [ you can see the data for 2015 here on page 104 . 
  ] ( http://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/index.cfm?fileid=c26e3824-e868-56e0-cca04d4bb9b9add5 ) the mean for the uk for instance is $ 320k but the median is $ 126k . 
  edit2 : lol the mean for america is $ 353k but the median is $ 50k , wealth inequality much ? 
  this map is pretty garbage for representing the wealth of most people , it 's just a map of wealth inequality pretty much . 
  for instance mean wealth in spain is less than 1/3rd that of america , but their median wealth is higher than america . 
  this report is fantastic though , i would n't have come across it without seeing this thread . 
  so thanks for linking it op !, 
  i 'd love to see a similar report for income as opposed to wealth , so much great data there . 
  edit3 : interesting stats on debt levels on page 133 , denmark in particular seems to be an outlier among developed countries for having a very high debt level , wonder why this is the case ? 
  [ this is the source of the data ] ( http://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/index.cfm?fileid=c26e3824-e868-56e0-cca04d4bb9b9add5 ) ( see page 19 ) & this is the [ report ] ( https://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/?fileid=f2425415-dca7-80b8-ead989af9341d47e ) published by credit suisse on the data . 
  why are they justified firing warning shots ? 
  they should only be firing their weapon to kill , otherwise it should n't be used at all , precisely for reasons like this . 
  police should n't be using warning shots at all to be honest . 
  either the perpetrator is armed & dangerous & there is justification to shoot them , or there is n't in which case your gun should n't be used . 
  this man really should be fired & charged with manslaughter or homicide if it is deemed he was n't defending his life or the life of others . 
  at least that 's what would happen in any developed country . 
  what , most of the refugees in fucking germany are from the balkans . 
  of course europeans cross illegally , it happens every day . 
  of course he is , the media are all out to get him . 
  these guys will make a conspiracy out of anything . 
  haha this is fantastic, 
  well yea , if he 'd made that point it would be fine , but do n't start going on about it being slavery , that 's just ridiculous . 
  no good businessman would let politics get in the way of profit . 
  well said , i would n't take too much from what european politicians say . 
  any progress towards federalisation is more power for them ( and less for you ) , so their opinion is not all that surprising . 
  i 'm not sure about that , london is very popular with russian oligarchs i hear . 
  rich russians have been doing whatever they can to move money out of russia for decades now . 
  ron paul is not at all like bernie either except on a few very fringe issues . 
  his son is an idiot as well , the dude thinks government healthcare is slavery . 
  pensioners are doing great at the moment . 
  they 've had zero cuts to their benefits , not something you can say for working people . 
  frankly pensioner benefits need a lot of cuts , especially to those higher up on the income spectrum . 
  the fact the government is cutting # 1700 in benefits from someone earning # 6k per year , while giving # 13k in cash benefits to pensioners earning # 30k per year before benefits makes no sense . 
  well that 's not a biased article at all ... lol . 
  i agree with the idea that onshore wind is cheaper than nuclear ( marginally ) , but what they do n't provide is [ reliable 24/7 power production ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/dfea7fd08687f8761812afb2d8b8c25a.png ) . 
  how is the country suppose to cope if we suddenly have less wind one day ? 
  it 's not like we can just use less power . 
  no , we have to use backup conventional power generation which is just sitting there doing nothing while we do have wind . 
  so until storage is viable wind is n't a viable option either . 
  as for other renewables that do provide constant power output , well they 're no where near cost efficient with nuclear so it 's not worth discussing them . 
  ccs is competitive but no doubt this article would have other issues with that . 
  also hinkley point c is n't new capacity , it 's being built to replace current capacity that is being lost due to old nuclear plants shutting down . 
  [ see here for more info . 
  ] ( http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/country-profiles/countries-t-z/united-kingdom/ ), 
  as i said , in this instance corporation tax should be paid in ireland since that is where the final consumer is located . 
  the issue is transfer pricing , moving profit to low tax jurisdictions ( for instance charging huge amounts for ip ) . 
  of course deciding what is a fair price for things such as patents is difficult , which is why the issue exists . 
  the principle should be that taxes are paid where profit is made . 
  governments need to work harder to combat transfer pricing , artificially moving profit overseas . 
  i doubt it , the uk used to have loads of oil & amp ; norway is still resource rich . 
  the difference being we were developed before the discovery of oil , not so much the case for the other oil producers . 
  we have been for ages but we still export a lot as well . 
  america would up there at the top too if oil exports were n't illegal there . 
  you mean the eu parliament ? 
  they 're trying to get the best deal for the union but also for the individual member states . 
  the deal has to pass the council unanimously so any member state can veto the deal . 
  in this way they 'll have to stick to the negotiating mandates given to them by the member states & they have to report to a special committee set up by the council regularly . 
  [ read here for more explanation . 
  ] ( http://www.nftc.org/default/trade/european%20union%20and%20ttip.pdf ), 
  not hairy all over , but we kinda have this idea that german women have hairy armpits . 
  not sure where it came from lol . 
  intriguing i 've always seen the germans as being the hairy stereotype . 
  context ? 
  i did n't get that . 
  not sure what the french have to do with pubes . 
  source ? 
  blame the government not facebook , of course they 're going to try to minimise their tax bill , as does everyone else . 
  intriguing , apparently according to that image immigrants from poland have worse educational level than iran ? 
  i suppose it 's probably difficult to get a visa if you 're not highly educated . 
  not the case for poland . 
  essentially they 're relying on future technology to save us . 
  if it ca n't we 're all fucked , but today 's politicians will be dead of course either way so why should they care . 
  especially when you have prominent politicians in america that do n't even believe in climate change to begin with . 
  anyhow , [ this paper ] ( http://www.ecofys.com/files/files/act2015_analysis-of-the-three-propositions_draft.pdf ) puts forth the idea that we still have a chance , even without reaching an acceptable deal this year . 
  but it will be more expensive , and we still have to act pretty soon . 
  we already are cutting our emissions i believe , just not fast enough . 
  seems to me like this is a good idea then to be honest . 
  whether he 'll succeed or not remains to be seen though , i do n't have great confidence in cameron if i 'm honest . 
  yes but then 5 years later all these countries have new elections , all governments switch from right wing to left wing majorities & they want to overturn it . 
  what is their recourse now to overturn something which has already passed ? 
  but is there any mechanism for states ( so council ) to overturn directives ? 
  surely this red card system gets what they want ? 
  it allows the government to change directives as long as they can get support from other parliaments , bringing back more sovereignty to britain . 
  it seems to me what a lot of eurosceptics want is to remove freedom of movement , but that 's been around ever since the beginning pretty much ( at least in 1975 it was the case ) . 
  realistically they would just discuss it with 1/3 of governments , so heads of state , not 1/3rd of parliaments . 
  most parliaments work by majority so if you get agreement from a government they can pass it through parliament . 
  to be honest i think it would be a good change . 
  are there any mechanisms as it stands to overturn directives within the eu ? 
  the main issue i have with the eu & trade agreements in general is that renegotiation is difficult , so parliaments lose a lot of sovereignty . 
  you have one government that agrees with a certain legislation but the next may disagree , and making changes is very difficult as far as i 'm aware ( if not impossible ) . 
  it 's not like opinions do n't change within countries over the years , and the eu like all democracies must be adaptable . 
  but yet people seem to want more of it . 
  soon we will also have an ez parliament , executive & constituent institutions . 
  russia has acted as an enemy towards sweden ? 
  nato is an anti russian alliance . 
  joining it would change your relationship with them from friend or neutral to enemy .
