  edit : for a more direct comparison , per capita gdp ( ppp ) in n. ireland in 2011 was 19,700 eur & ireland was 32,300 eur . 
  n. ireland was 78 % of the eu avg & r. ireland was 129 % . 
  very little at all , it 's median age not mean age , so deaths at young ages do n't skew the results massively because they 're a minority of deaths . 
  i 'm saying the burden on the working population needs to be reduced not increased . 
  it 's already * way way * too high . 
  this is evidenced by the fact that ni rates ( taxes on workers that pay for pensions ) now are twice as high as they were 40 years ago . 
  it 's not fair to just perpetually increase taxes so people can have ever increasing pension payments as well as ever increasing retirement length . 
  well sure , but it should be linked to average death statistics . 
  so for instance , in the uk over the last 50 years the average age of death has increased by around 10 years , but the retirement age has not . 
  in 1948 the retirement age for men was 65 & the median age at death was 71 . 
  so you 're looking at 6 years of expected life after retirement . 
  for women the retirement age was 60 & median age of death 76 so 16 years of expected life after retirement . 
  now the retirement age is still 65 but the median age of death in 2010 ( so it will be higher now ) was 82 for men & 86 for women giving 17 & 21 years of expected life after retirement . 
  were the government to raise the retirement age in line with median expected age of death it would currently be 76 for men & 70 for women . 
  the issue for the future of course , is that life expectancy is increasing at a much much faster rate than the state pension age is , so the costs are understandably going to spiral out of control . 
  the government is set to increase the retirement age to 66 by 2020 , and 67 by 2026/2028 , yet for instance between 2004 & 2010 ( 6 years ) the median age of death increased by 2 years , so it seems the age of death is increasing twice as fast as the retirement age is , even ignoring the last 50 years & only looking at the future from 2020 onwards . 
  it helps loads , the pension fund is paying out for a shorter amount of time . 
  reduce their years withdrawing funds by say 10 % & you reduce the funds cost per person by 10 % . 
  the [ uk state pension fund will be dry by around 2035 ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/f0e4a3788c239c8c17ac5276165dd6a5.png ) too unless changes are made . 
  this is a problem all western countries will face , as well as [ mounting concerns for healthcare funding . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/cd0755abdd69a79e2991e93f38278d79.png ) to keep the fund from running out of money [ taxes will have to increase every year from 2030 onwards ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9b38293ca8331c40c6729d48b8fff312.png ) . 
  it 's not fair on the working population that they have to contribute more & more towards the state pension & healthcare systems . 
  as far as i can see the only viable way to solve this problem is either to massively decrease pension payments or to increase the retirement age so that it stays solvent . 
  it will be interesting to see how other countries cope with this problem . 
  well no because it would n't be 700 eur , it would be much more , that was just an example if they were the only two benefits available . 
  to make sure no one loses out you have to take the person that claims the most , probably a disabled person with children living in an expensive part of the country ( do you have housing benefit ? ), 
  & give that to everyone . 
  as i said , for the uk that figure would be in excess of # 20k per annum , and i would guess for finland it would be even higher than that because your welfare system is probably more generous than ours . 
  so you 're looking at what , 40k eur per month to every citizen ? 
  no way that is feasible as i said . 
  you could of course not replace the welfare system with a basic income , that would be much cheaper . 
  also note even if you fixed it so people do n't lose out in monetary terms they 're still losing out . 
  for example let 's say pensions are 300 eur per month , so you give everyone 300 eur per month but remove pensions . 
  great everyone gets 300 eur and no one `` loses out '' , but they are due to purchasing power . 
  everyone gets 300 eur extra except pensioners , so now rents go up due to increased monetary supply , as does the price of basic goods . 
  all of a sudden those 300 euros the pensioners were surviving on before does n't quite cut it . 
  ok let me explain this simply , let 's say you replace childcare benefit & unemployment benefit & create one new combined benefit . 
  if this combined benefit was the same as unemployment benefit + childcare benefit then you are benefitting people without children . 
  if the combined benefit is lower then you are penalising people with children . 
  the same can be said for all the other benefits you listed . 
  a universal benefit takes no account for personal circumstances , and thus does not provide a similar standard of living across the board . 
  people that are currently not claiming many benefits because they do n't qualify are the ones that would benefit most from this system . 
  as an example , if we were to make sure no one loses out , the basic income that would have to be given to people in the uk would be # 20k + per year ( yes many people are claiming * that much * in benefits ) . 
  there 's no way that is feasible at the current time . 
  but not all welfare programmes have the same purpose , so no consolidation does n't make sense in that instance . 
  all you 're doing by consolidation is benefiting one group , namely single people or couples without children over other groups , namely families & people with disabilities . 
  unless you mean consolidation of non targeted benefits ( i.e. 
  ones everyone gets regardless of circumstances ) , but there are very few of them . 
  the only one i can think of is unemployment benefit . 
  do you know why there are so many welfare programmes ? 
  it 's because not everyone needs the same amount of money for the same standard of living . 
  so for instance a person with children has a higher cost of living than someone without , and will thus get more money . 
  the same can be said for people with disabilities or people living in more expensive parts of the country . 
  sometimes they may use the benefits system to incentivise certain behaviour too , for instance in the uk we have a programme called tax credits where the more you work the more money you receive up to a certain point . 
  this is to incentivise people to work more hours . 
  if you replace all benefits with one payment a lot of people will lose out , generally the most vulnerable i.e children and the elderly . 
  the only way to get around this is to make the universal benefit as large as for the highest claimants beforehand . 
  generally however this is too expensive , and even then the fit & healthy will benefit the most from this problem . 
  look up equivalisation to see what i mean , different family circumstances make a huge difference for cost of living . 
  that would probably be illegal too i guess although i have no idea how they would enforce it . 
  i 'm not in favour of this law but i think people are misunderstanding what the government is asking for here . 
  they 're not looking to ban encryption , they 're looking to ban end to end encryption between 3rd parties . 
  so banking encryption totally fine , or encrypting healthcare data totally fine , allowing two individuals outside the company to communicate via unbreakable encryption not fine . 
  they want communication companies such as facebook to be able to look at encrypted communications between customers , i.e 3rd parties . 
  why ? 
  do these services rely on end to end encryption between 3rd parties ? 
  no , i do n't think the eu should be making foreign policy decisions to begin with . 
  parliaments are still sovereign , requiring a supermajority does n't change that . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is we should n't enter into these sorts of far reaching relationships without large popular support , and we should n't leave them without it either . 
  as to the requirements for a supermajority , it 's quite simple , agreements made by supermajority require such a majority to overturn . 
  if we were to come up with a constitution it would n't be the conservatives deciding it would be the entire house , there would need to be cross bench approval . 
  then in the future it could be changed but again there would most likely need to be cross party support for any changes ( even blair did n't get a supermajority in 1997 ) . 
  this serves as a check on the government , and puts into law certain fundamental rights for each citizen . 
  it should require a supermajority in parliament too that 's what i 'm saying . 
  part of the problem is we have no constitution , perhaps that should change . 
  i still think a super majority should be required for something like this to pass , as should be the case with any future scottish referendum . 
  such major changes should be immune to slight changes in public opinion - one week 45 % may want independence , the next week 55 % may do . 
  it should be the same for major treaty changes within the eu too , like the lisbon treaty . 
  even then every member state has to agree lol, 
  indeed , had he been in france he would probably replace germany with france . 
  no it 's banned in all public spaces , and even in cars now if you have kids on board i believe . 
  smoking is really rare these days , you do n't see people doing it very often . 
  well it was repeated once , but only after changes were made . 
  it 's not like they voted on exactly the same thing a second time . 
  you do n't ? 
  they ca n't , 98 % of districts are counted . 
  they would need support from one of the other parties , whether they 'll get that i have no idea . 
  so that means they wo n't be able to create a presidential system ? 
  seeing as they 're set to get 316 seats . 
  russia is controlled by putin , turkey is controlled by erdogan , iran is controlled by khamenei . 
  all essentially have ultimate power for life , it is not democracy . 
  as i say , no one wants to have a reasonable discussion any more . 
  i do n't think they are , just a lot of people that read these threads are very racist even though they would n't admit it . 
  a lot of reasonable comments get downvoted in immigration topics . 
  you 'd think this looks really bad , but [ cdu still have an 11 point lead ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/next_german_federal_election ) over all other parties as far as polling is concerned . 
  as long as the respective government executives are in favour , i do n't see how he can say it wo n't pass . 
  perhaps it will be difficult in countries where the government has a small majority but in germany that 's far from being the case . 
  the role of parliament in regards to trade treaties is to approve not negotiate , that 's up to the executive , i.e. 
  the commission . 
  the respective governments are kept informed via the council , and of course they ultimately have veto over any deal .
