  the central area should be as large as possible too , with any side bars ( left/right ) as small as possible . 
  after all i do n't come on / r/europe to find out about where the wiki is or what the rules are lol , i come to read the articles posted by users . 
  in terms of net economic impact and net welfare it 's good . 
  but for western citizens only it 's better to have it between countries of similar economic development . 
  surely a great time for more austerity ?? 
  same in the uk . 
  the younger muslim generation are generally much more keen on it than the older ones too . 
  the older generations that emigrated here mostly do n't wear any covering at all . 
  wow that 's insane . 
  very different from where i 'm from . 
  are there not many indians and such in poland either ? 
  that day will never come , not while we 're still outside the euro anyway !, 
  this is definitely mostly a french problem i think . 
  you guys already have a very big redistributive state , whereas in other countries they 're still fighting for that . 
  i guess your left has `` succeeded '' , you probably need more right wing policies if i 'm honest these days lol . 
  do you have to be looking for work to get it ? 
  i suppose in the uk they 'd get jobseekers allowance or disability allowance if they ca n't work due to old age . 
  is this referring to total pension payout or just private pensions ? 
  do you have a state pension system in italy ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  why do n't more pensioners go and become resident in france ? 
  you could claim uk state pension plus french one . 
  do you have to do anything for it at all ? 
  there 's nothing stopping the ez from integrating further if that 's what they want to do . 
  well , apart from ez countries themselves that is . 
  it 's just finding sources that support your narrative , plain and simple . 
  similar shit happens on here too although it 's not as bad these days . 
  might just be because i blocked all migrant/refugee news though !, 
  no reason you ca n't question the rules . 
  you 're right actually , it 's not that common , [ but it does happen . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/search?q=site%3asputniknews.com%2f&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all ), 
   being a state has nothing to do with it . 
  did you miss the words `` political and economic union '' ? 
  or are you selectively reading my comments ? 
  regardless , i was mainly referring to the eurozone ; which i also said . 
  we 're a trade union , we 're not trying to become a state . 
  i realise this may be more important for eurozone countries , but i 'm not sure why this applies to the uk or anyone else outside the ez . 
  this is n't an ez programme after all , it 's an eu programme . 
  if it was an ez programme i would n't be commenting about it . 
   it is clearly exacerbated by the free movement of labour , and thus should be counteracted . 
  not for the uk . 
  as i said , we could get the same # of immigrants outside the eu as inside it . 
  i also do n't think this would be something somewhere like hungary would turn down if it was offered outside the eu . 
  it 's good for their citizens so of course they want it . 
  edit : also hungary is n't even in the ez anyway . 
  but we 're not a state and brain drain would happen either way via regular immigration . 
  it 's not like there is a shortage of people wanting to come to the uk . 
  i do n't see why we have a responsibility to prop up the hungarian economy . 
  this is the website they keep spamming on / r/politics because it posts pro bernie garbage lol, 
  indeed , it 's obscene how much eu funding hungary gets . 
  we 're basically paying for like 1/10th of their government budget . 
  i do n't know why we 're giving so much in foreign aid when the eu budget is basically foreign aid as well . 
  is n't the morning star a communist paper ? 
  well it 's true to a certain extent ( military presence there is n't cheap ) . 
  but still they 're british so we ca n't abandon them just like we could n't abandon ni or any other region that is n't southern england ( most other regions are net drains on resources ) . 
  two people died in the uk from terrorism related crime in the last 10 years . 
  whatever the uk government is doing it 's working , they obviously do n't need more powers . 
  for them to gain such powers it would have to get a lot worse imo . 
  unfortunately the populace does n't agree with me . 
  apparently being spied on 24/7 is a small price to pay for safety . 
  i guess we 'll see , i do n't really agree with your assessment . 
  for an economy to properly grow you need to fill the skill gaps that are there . 
  you can either do that by training citizens or by allowing immigrants in . 
  the issue with training is it takes time and ca n't fill the shortages you have now , immigration is crucial for that . 
  yes , i should be terrified because there has been a few serious sex crimes that have affected a minute number of individuals . 
  as horrific as these crimes may be , they are very small in the grand scheme of things , just as is the case with terrorism . 
  as to the uk going downhill , i do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  compared to the continent the uk is doing very well at the moment . 
  having a liberal immigration policy is part of that , getting the people we need for our economy to grow . 
  pretty much . 
  in the uk 2 people have died from terrorism related incidents in the last 10 years . 
  in short , it 's not something worth worrying about in the slightest . 
   massacred indiscriminately in the streets . 
  oh wow , how do i sleep at night ? 
  when talking about risk why does motive matter ? 
  so failed . 
  this fear of terrorism is laughable . 
  two people have died in my country from terrorism in the last decade . 
  you should be more scared of dying from a bee sting . 
  what are the super low pay jobs ? 
  in the uk the conservative government had a similar scheme but individuals were working in places like poundland where there definitely would be paid workers usually . 
  the source uses the same source that you do , although i ca n't seem to get the bls site to load for some reason . 
  note [ lfpr 62.9 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/labor-force-participation-rate ) , source us bls , [ employment rate 59.8 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/employment-rate ) , source us bls . 
  the lfpr does include unemployed individuals , it also excludes those in the military or those institutionalised ( hospital , prison ) . 
  the employment rate obviously does n't include unemployed individuals and it may include institutionalised individuals i 'm not sure . 
  they do n't need internal devaluation they just need to lower taxes on business and reduce the red tape experienced when trying to expand the size of your company . 
  in short they need to make their labour market more flexible as you say . 
  germany already went through this process over the last decade with good results . 
  they used to have systemic problems with unemployment too . 
  the link is about declining lfpr , which they mostly attribute to more people in retirement , this does n't apply to the employment rate . 
  they also talk about college but that would n't be markably different to somewhere like the uk or germany . 
  the only two plausible reasons are lower employment rate among women as well as people in general just not seeking work , but i 'm not sure why the latter is so much higher in america than europe . 
  i 'm guessing it 's women that are the cause , i know employment among them in europe is high due to welfare incentives . 
  labour force participation rate includes total population over 16 in work or looking for work . 
  it 's not the same figure as employment rate which is those employed that are working age . 
  check my link , you can find the lfpr there too . 
  lfpr is principally effected by avg age , as it does include old people that are retired , while the employment rate does not . 
  i 'm still not sure why the employment rate is so low for america , i did ask elsewhere too but could n't get a satisfactory answer . 
  the only reason i can think of is that perhaps far less women work in america than elsewhere . 
  no it 's not , it 's percentage of working age population in work .
