  russian sanctions ? 
  they certainly do n't help western europe . 
  christ the pandering on here is immense . 
  did you not read that sticky the other week ? 
  germany did not ` invite ' anyone . 
  the quota is n't for economic migrants . 
  it 's for internationally accepted definition of refugee . 
  but perhaps you have different definition idk . 
  you have to abide by the definition in the treaty you signed though . 
  so leave the eu or renegotiate your membership like we have . 
  the uk government does n't have to sign up to this bullshit . 
  can i start calling polish people in the uk refugees ? 
  they 're similarly poor . 
  do n't mislabel migrants as refugees , that 's the point people are making . 
  poland accepts very few refugees at all , this is a simple fact . 
  indeed so why the fuck is everyone getting their knickers in a twist over this and suggesting we should base our entire immigration policy around a few outliers ? 
  dude , the worst is behind them yet the cdu is still 15 points ahead of the spd and merkel still has approval ratings around 50 . 
  cameron would kill for those kinds of numbers , he 's in net negatives and is polling worse than corbyn 's labour . 
  honestly i do n't get why many british on here misunderstand the situation in germany so badly . 
  the economist is a british magazine too & the uk government was deciding whether to bomb isis in syria at the time . 
  of course it 's not , it 's hardly surprising large developing countries like china with poor gdp per capita and massive infrastructure needs have little welfare spending . 
  as they become more developed they 'll increase spending , they have to , otherwise their population will just save all their money and not spend it as is currently the case there ... now if they compared countries with similar gdp per capita and development , they 'd probably find our welfare spending is n't that large when you add together both public and private spending . 
  but of course this would n't support their ideology so they do n't . 
  the main difference will be due to demographics primarily , more unhealthy people , more old people means more welfare spending . 
  less old people means more money spent on consumer products and leisure instead . 
  either way the money spent on r&d and infrastructure is n't limited by welfare spending . 
  [ most welfare spending goes on the elderly , not the young and able ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/7b840d1719fc6263efb1a8d19efb3c78.png ) . 
  something this article seems to miss . 
  the main reason welfare spending is increasing is more old people and less young people . 
  of course being the torygraph i 'm sure they would n't advocate reducing pension benefits , no siree , it has to be the working age poor that [ pay the price ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/a5884bfcef3caf9b1f09e3b345774c33.png ) for this ideology ( for those wondering , that 's the impact of the uk government reforms in this parliament ) . 
  cameron is certainly doing a good job butchering our infrastructure spending that 's for sure . 
  but we have low spending on welfare comparably so it must be larger than europe right ? 
  no , it 's ~ 1.4 % of gdp , far below european countries . 
  this article is totally spurious . 
   eighty per cent of deaths by lone wolf terrorists in the west were driven by right wing extremism , nationalism , anti- government sentiment and political extremism and other forms of supremacy . 
   oh the irony . 
  really only 400 times ? 
  i think much larger than that . 
  in the uk only 2 people have died from terrorist related incidents in the last 7 years , whereas 2-3000 people die per year on the roads . 
  if we go back to 2000 there were the attacks in 2005 ( 7/7 bombings ) that killed 56 people but that is it . 
  uk is historically 3rd largest , some years second , some years 4th but avg 3rd behind france . 
  but no , decision making is generally by population size . 
  soon polish population outside poland will be larger than the polish population within poland ... 
  but then they would n't be able to blame immigrants for everything . 
  there 's loads of space in central london . 
  just take the overground a bit you can see plenty of undeveloped land ( i 'm not talking about parks ) . 
  for female i would go with maggie smith and judi dench , both have a huge amount of acting rewards spanning decades . 
  the [ skarsg\u00e5rd family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stellan_skarsg%c3%a5rd ) are pretty famous ( check children on the right ) . 
  more so than vikander imo . 
  it 's pwc that is saying so surely ? 
  the cbi just sponsored the research . 
  why would we drop our corporation tax down to 10 % if we exit ? 
  we could and should be doing that now . 
  there 's been some talk that we 'd gain from opening up trade with africa and reducing tariffs on goods afaik . 
  the eu still imposes quite high tariffs on food to protect domestic farmers , which would n't be as important to the uk . 
  15 billion euros per year seems pretty small , especially considering inflation and economic growth ... 
  does anyone have the figures for total investment in % gdp ? 
  the oecd recommends 3.5 % per annum as i recall , which is considerably more than most european economies are spending . 
  thanks for writing this all out mark , it 's a good chronological account of what happened . 
  you can have different speeds with certain aspects , but on trade integration you ca n't , and on fiscal and monetary integration you ca n't within the ez either . 
  on these issues everyone needs to agree . 
  because we 're a union , we try to make policies that are acceptable to everyone . 
  it seems to me you want one direction and one direction only , which will just lead to disintegration because we 're all different nations with different priorities . 
  the french presumably . 
  have fun with your disintegration if this is your attitude ... 
  seems the dutch like their incest porn . 
  people watch porn for the dialogue ? 
  this is only true if the population does not age at all , which is far from being true . 
  in the uk median age of death is increasing at a rate of 1 year every 3 years for instance . 
  [ you can see the result of that here . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/0dd4c8ce50c5425e98e858a63d2339eb.png ) bear in mind uk [ fertility is below replacement . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9861b90224bffccf09e627a30abb6be9.png ) natural increase between 2014 and 2039 assuming no net migration [ would be 3.1 million . 
  i agree with you welfare makes a difference too . 
  i do n't agree with your assertion that immigration reduces the availability of welfare , on the contrary , it should increase welfare payments because immigrants both tend to have more children and tend to be younger . 
  [ the vast majority of state spending goes to the elderly not the young . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/7b840d1719fc6263efb1a8d19efb3c78.png ) they 're also far more likely to leave the country before old age i would think . 
  between countries i think it 's mostly culture based , within countries i think it 's mostly income related . 
  so for instance poland may have a much lower fertility than the uk , despite the income difference , but within poland and the uk it will likely be poorer areas of the country that have the highest fertility rates . 
  edit : well between countries of similar development anyway . 
  it 's obviously income related between somewhere like the uk and drc . 
  i just read the abstract and the graph linked above . 
  i did google it as well and there were loads of articles about the subject as i said , so i 'm pretty sure i 'm correct in my assertion . 
  i edited in some data . 
  of course it 's true that culture plays a part but within a certain country it should be the poorer individuals that tend to have more kids . 
  it 's pretty common knowledge that as countries become richer fertility decreases , this does n't just apply to poor countries it applies to developed countries too . 
  it 's also true that high-income families tend to have fewer kids than low-income families . 
  i mean you can google this , [ there is loads of data on it ] ( http://www.econ.umn.edu/~lej/papers/jonesschoonbroodttertilt2008.pdf ) . 
  why are we fucked if we do ? 
  surely we 're fine regardless if the automation wave actually happens , but if it does n't we 're fucked without more babies . 
  it 's generally the opposite i believe , [ the poorer a place is the more children they tend to have . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/7ab789b833a5fc8275a1b7bc9a32c43a.png ) eastern germany is more poor than the west , so they have higher fertility . 
  no it would n't , again you 're assuming people do n't get old . 
  median age of death in the uk is increasing by 1 year every 3 years ... 
  the consequence is falling per capita deaths and rising dependency ratio despite close to replacement fertility rate . 
  to be fair , you also need to consider the negative economic consequences to slow population growth in the west and what this may have on technological change . 
  we 're not going to see as fast progress if the west is in perpetual stagnation imo . 
  of course exponential growth is n't sustainable but neither is the current situation of decline . 
  there will actually be more land suitable for farming in the future due to global warming , mostly in china , russia and canada . 
  we already of course produce more than enough to feed everyone , it 's just an issue of transportation and spending power . 
  there will have to be improvements in efficiency though , but this is expected ( and there is a lot of room for this especially in africa ) .
