  how long are we going to accept that these tax havens can exist within the eu & steal the wealth generated in our countries ? 
  strongly agree on the tax front , these havens have absolutely no right whatsoever to be critical . 
  it 's our economies that allow then to even exist . 
  [ also ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm1ghp9imyu ), 
  indeed these clips are hilarious lol, 
  chemicals , pharmaceuticals , electronics equipment & meat/animal products [ by the looks of it ] ( https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/explore/tree_map/hs/export/irl/gbr/show/2012/ ) . 
  seems that our trade to you is similar except we also send a [ shit tonne of oil & gas ] ( https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/explore/tree_map/hs/export/gbr/irl/show/2012/ ) . 
  indeed & i 'm sure many of the smaller countries have similar issues that we do but do n't want to ruffle any feathers as it were . 
  to `` win '' the election they do n't need to just be neck & neck , they need to win at least the same number of seats as they did last election . 
  that 's really not looking very likely . 
  labour on the other hand do actually have a chance at forming a government with some 270-275 seats . 
  they 'd need to take some 30-35 more seats from labour than the polls are suggesting . 
  not sure why we 'd be at a disadvantage , we have a massive trade surplus with america . 
  to be fair they have a right to be angry . 
  young ld voters are going to be left leaning & the lib dems were campaigning on the idea of keeping out the tories & dropping tuition fees . 
  they then decided to go into a coalition with the tories & increase tuition fees . 
  now ld support keeping the higher fees while labour want to reduce them so it 's understandable people are switching . 
  you vote for those who support your interests , which so far as tuition fees & the tories are concerned are the greens & to a lesser extent labour . 
  perhaps you should tell that to osbourne because that 's the main issue they 're campaigning on . 
  we 're almost like greece according to them . 
  gdp has gone up quite well towards the latter portion of the coalition government but it was n't too peachy at the start . 
  gdp per capita has barely changed at all either , still no where near where we were pre crisis . 
  they 'd still lose loads of seats , ending up with around 210 by current percentages . 
  the conservatives would lose more but not by much , scotland does n't have that many seats & the conservatives would still get a few there anyway . 
  it would n't be a net positive for them as ukip would get a lot of seats they would n't get otherwise . 
  i think it 's quite nice having 1 day per week guaranteed off . 
  living in the uk working in retail your schedule is really variable , this is actually something i wish we had . 
  it 's not too late, 
  he was n't talking about libya , i agree we should help there and in afghanistan/iraq . 
  with the recent deaths in the med there is actually support right now to accept more asylum seekers . 
  why should i pay for the things my great great great grandparents did ? 
  perhaps france should be giving subsidies to all of europe for what bonaparte did ? 
  how about germany etc ? 
  unfortunately not outside the range of icbms , and being a nuclear sharing state you 'd be one of the first to go !, 
  i think a large part of the uk just do n't understand why we 're in the eu & aside from perhaps the odd holiday to spain or france do n't actually have any interaction with eu countries or citizens . 
  they then read about all the terrible things the eu does to our country in the papers & turn hostile . 
  basically their opinion on it is neutral but then they 're told it 's `` bad '' therefore we must leave . 
  little is actually spoken about the good reasons to be in the eu here . 
  being an island nation people do n't feel culturally connected at all either . 
  as long as the british government supports self determination in these matters i 'll always be on their side . 
  i 'm going to wait till we actually have a draft of the agreement before making judgement . 
  kinda silly to worry about things that may not even be in there . 
  i read it as `` get rid of asylum , right ? 
  pfft she 's got nothing on [ hms victory ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_victory ) , the ship used by lord nelson to defeat the combined naval forces of france & spain at the battle of trafalgar . 
  rule britannia !, 
  oh my , this is fantastic reading . 
  i knew he had some gaffs but i did n't realise it went this far . 
  true that , i was more referring to my country who seem to follow america everywhere they go . 
  i think paying other countries via aid to accept them is a good idea tbh . 
  we ca n't just accept this is n't our problem after bombing gaddafi & supporting the civil war in syria . 
  if you 're engaged in conflict you have a moral obligation to help those who are refugees imo . 
  and it does now i believe ? 
  they have the power to leave if the people support it just like in scotland . 
  not going to happen , these companies make obscene amounts of money , they can just buy up dozens of businesses that have already done the research if need be . 
  he does n't , russians are incredibly anti immigration . 
  he wants ethnic russians in eastern europe to join russia but that 's it . 
  he has no interest in bringing central asian ex soviet states into the fold . 
  i do n't see us leaving the eu , the support just is n't there & it will decrease even more over time since the young support it more than the old . 
  creating unbreakable p2p encryption is trivial . 
  you 're not going to stop the terrorists by recording all your citizens data . 
  i think these ideas the politicians keep coming up with are based upon the idea of keeping control but they do n't realise this is impossible . 
  none of them ? 
  i guess that 's a boring british answer . 
  you 're landlocked in my eu4 games , idk if that was the case pre 14th century xd, 
  well this would be ww3 so the effect would be worldwide & catastrophic like nothing ever seen in human history . 
  it 's not plausible though , i would find a different question if i was you , it 's kinda pie in the sky . 
  lol i am english i do n't know why we still use imperial . 
  too many old people perhaps !, 
  our system is such a mess , it 's like we want to go metric but we 're not trying very hard . 
  it was founded by a german that 's probably why . 
  the company history is primarily british though i believe . 
  haha my first though . 
  the amount of porn on vk is huge , you can watch all the latest stuff on there . 
  piracy is ripe as well all us tv show/films are available . 
  none whatsoever , although camoron does want to mandate that porn sites require age verification via credit card or other means . 
  had this question come up 5 years ago i would have disagreed with you but i think recent history has told us what you 've said is true . 
  that 's how it is spelled in eu4 which is the only reason i know about them lol, 
  so oil & gas plus car companies basically , ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  meh i 've been downvoted for saying the same thing in the past , do n't take it to heart . 
  it 's because they see the russian view as unreasonable & this as justifying it even if that 's not what you 're doing . 
  i think we can all agree this could have been worse if these countries were n't in nato/eu & i do n't believe russia joining the eu would be good for us anyway . 
  this is my view as well . 
  seeing it from russia 's perspective `` being surrounded on all sides '' you can understand their defensiveness . 
  whether we see this as ridiculous or not is beside the point , you have to understand that actions have consequences . 
  that does n't sound ceremonial at all ... 
  go out & buy as much tinned/canned food as possible & other non perishable goods . 
  fill up bottles of water & bath + other containers from tap . 
  get petrol canisters from station , not sure the pumps would work without electricity ? 
  go home & wait for a week or so to see what happens & allow radiation levels to depreciate . 
  roads will go to shit , no point trying to leave & it would be less safe than staying home anyway with possible toxic fallout raining from the sky . 
  if i lived in a larger city ( especially port/airport ) or near a military base i would probably try to leave immediately though ( assuming it was n't already attacked ) . 
  listen to radio to hear any warnings of more attacks or weather information . 
  if there was no government help within the first weeks ( i would have enough food/water to last few weeks ) i would probably then move to a lower population density area that is less likely to be attacked . 
  personally i 'm fine with the way things are , i do n't particularly want closer ties with europe or america . 
  i do n't really feel connected or close to america , sure most tv i watch is american but i feel they 're very different to us actually . 
  i do feel closer to europe purely because i interact with more europeans & i read more about european issues ( despite not watching any eu tv ) . 
  but i like devolution , i think too much centralisation is a bad thing . 
  people where i live ( ne england ) are very different to people in s england or even central & nw england . 
  i would prefer more devolution of powers even within my own country ( perhaps even like the states in america ) because i think this will make everyone happier . 
  i think all this shows is how unstable our economy really is .
