  furthermore , 67 % believe integration is possible . 
  this suggests to me if merkel can control the numbers * somewhat * , the people may be forgiving and she 'll do ok overall on this issue . 
  it 's also possible however , that when exposed to a million 200,000 seems like a lot less in comparison ( whereas to me it seems like a lot ) . 
  perhaps as expectations lower this number will reduce . 
  [ it 's from this report by the government about the process by which we 'll have to go through should we leave . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/503830/54538_eu_series_no2_print_ready.pdf ), 
   we 've seen that europe can barely obey their own stupid laws yet we are somehow supposed to believe that they are better than ones we could make on our own ? 
   it 's not about whether or not we can make better laws , it 's about influencing others to make laws which are mutually beneficial . 
   we 've seen many european countries go into severe debt and drag the euro into the dirt but we are supposed to fear our own currency legitimacy even though we are the 5th biggest economy in the world ? 
  no one is suggesting we should join the euro . 
  but leaving is uncertainty and markets hate uncertainty , which inevitably means our currency will depreciate should we leave . 
   we are supposed to pretend like immigration is n't a problem and the net 300,000 + people coming into the country every year is n't negatively effecting our own people , oh yeah the strain on our nhs could n't possibly be because of that !, 
  all that juicy tax revenue that could go into the nhs does n't exist of course . 
  all those young immigrants coming from the eu are just destroying our health service and not contributing anything at all . 
   we 've seen how germany can simply wave over europes laws for its own benefit inviting half the middle east and africa to europe illegally and yet we ca n't control our own borders ? 
  lol as if the german policy is for their own benefit . 
  if the germans wanted immigration there are plenty of easier ways to go about doing so , and plenty of more qualified immigrants they could admit . 
  no , the reason the german government did what they did was because the dublin regulation was no longer legally enforceable . 
  so they did what was already the case for greece and stated they would not deport individuals back to hungary . 
  and why was it already the case for greece you might ask ? 
  because under dublin states have to provide a certain level of care for refugees . 
  if that care is not provided due to for instance , being overwhelming by numbers , deportation can not happen . 
  were states to deport under these conditions they would be fined by the ecj , as belgium was in 2012 . 
  the germans were n't the only country to suspend dublin either , the uk did too , as did a whole host of other countries . 
  because i do n't think there should be endless debates about such issues , there needs to be stability and to only call referenda when it 's likely you will win conclusively . 
  i personally think there should be a greater than 50 % majority to win such referendum for this very reason , perhaps 55 % or even 66 % . 
  i hope cameron just tells them no . 
  this constant ` if you do this we 'll call a referendum ' nonsense is just tiresome . 
  once in a generation , around 20 years , is how it should be . 
  yes i agree , i was just making the point that the eu is n't like the us in either regard , whether foreign-born population or racial diversity . 
  the eu is actually extremely racially homogenous , and a few million refugees / immigrants is n't going to change that . 
  indeed i thought the us was beginning to realise that rehabilitation was more important . 
  at least that 's what our justice minister has been saying , he 's currently in the process of revamping our prison system to focus more on rehabilitation over punishment . 
  it 's just a waste of money for the government to be spending so much money locking people up when they could be outside as productive members of society . 
  eh , europe is n't really anything like america . 
  the foreign-born population in the us is far larger and the racial divide much bigger . 
  for instance the foreign-born population in the us is around 13 % whereas in the eu it 's [ around half that ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:non-national_population_by_group_of_citizenship,_1_january_2014_\\ ( % c2 % b9 \\ ) _ yb15.png ) and if we just look at non-eu it 's even lower at around 4 % . 
  the [ us has higher net migration per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate ) than most eu countries , so this is unlikely to change any time soon . 
  ah fair enough , that makes more sense in that case . 
  good luck with that , without proper agreements the local state can just refuse them - `` these papers are fake , they are not moroccan citizens , we will not accept them '' . 
  this is the entire problem , if it was so easy to deport people this whole thing would be much easier to deal with . 
  if someone is targeted in the west by a criminal group the government can reasonably protect them , there is the infrastructure to do this . 
  countries like nigeria or pakistan do n't have this ability . 
  there is nowhere safe within those countries for people targeted by criminals . 
  furthermore what if you are targeted by the state ? 
  then what do you do ? 
  just because a country is n't at war does n't mean there are n't refugees present . 
  disclaimer : most people coming from nigeria , morocco or pakistan are not refugees , most are economic migrants . 
  but this is not always the case . 
  people coming from eritrea , somalia , iraq , libya , syria and sudan are usually genuine refugees . 
  this is demonstrated by their recognition rates , which are all above 50 % , some as high as 90 % or more . 
  only from the exit poll though ? 
  i checked and could n't find anything earlier . 
  even this live update thread is saying only 1/5 of seats are filled and this is over 24 hours later !, 
  true , seems you 're correct , although trump wants to change that . 
  that is to say , he wants to make it such that children of illegals do not automatically gain citizenship . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  i think it depends on what crimes they 've committed elsewhere . 
  i do n't think joining isis should result in an immediate and eternal prison sentence . 
  if they 've killed people they should be charged for that , but under uk laws , which does n't result in life in prison ( we do n't have true life in prison here iirc ) . 
  they 'll be released after a few decades if they 're no longer a risk to the public . 
  i think you 'd be much better off giving them a way to become citizens personally . 
  a lot of these people have lived their whole lives in america , many are even born there are n't they ? 
  ah yea , vacuums can be quite expensive !, 
  there is loss in transmission however , and in how that electricity itself was produced . 
  while with gas there is no transmission loss i believe and it 's a cheap fuel comparably . 
  i do n't know what the comparative cost is , but it 's not quite as simple as you make out , environmentally speaking . 
  we already have problems with peak load , and this just makes it worse . 
  there are solutions of course as you outline , but they are more expensive per kwh and less fuel efficient . 
  lowering peak load is a good goal if it can be done without too much harm . 
  the eu does n't really do taxes , at least not at the moment . 
  i 'm not sure people will really prefer the eu imposing taxes on things , it will just lead to `` mission creep '' and they 'll be putting taxes on everything . 
  kettles are not exactly expensive ... you can get a new one for like # 10 . 
  i do n't know how different the overall efficiency is though . 
  you have to remember these high powered kettles cause large peaks in electricity usage which is not good for efficiency at all . 
   he 's just very confrontational and playing a role to get votes . 
  this is what you hope . 
  but if he goes through with some of the bullshit he talks about , building walls , blocking muslims , getting them to register on a database , kicking out mexicans , putting up trade tariffs , then it 's not going to be good for the us as a country . 
  to be fair it 's a different time period . 
  it 's impossible to do the things hitler did today and get away with it . 
  those sorts of states just do n't exist generally speaking . 
  perhaps if putin was born earlier he would have done similar atrocities . 
  why does it take so long ? 
  in uk elections we would know the result by this morning , the day after the event , nevermind it seemingly taking days to figure out . 
  it 's about basic human rights really , there are certain things that should not be allowed anywhere in the world . 
  torture and indefinite detainment are two of those things . 
  i would personally like to see execution become outlawed too , but i do n't think we 're there yet . 
  what was acceptable back then is different than today . 
  i do n't have an issue with uk citizens being prosecuted abroad , but i do have problems with them being kept without charge for long periods . 
  i have an issue with anyone being kept in this way . 
  supposedly tortured as well . 
  nazi agents were still german citizens , and they do n't deserve to be kept indefinitely without trial . 
  no one does . 
  please . 
  if i was syrian i would n't try to stop that death cult either . 
  it takes little courage to say you would from behind a computer screen , doing so when you risk likely decapitation is another thing entirely . 
  itt lots of people taking this gif seriously when it 's just a joke !, 
  he was n't guilty at the time , otherwise he would have been charged and found guilty . 
  the state should n't be indefinitely detaining people regardless of what they suspect someone may have done - they need proof . 
  does the article contract anything he said ?
