  you 're the one that painted all sub saharans as economic migrants , i was just pointing out you 're false on your assertion as our immigration system has judged most eritreans to be refugees . 
  few points - they do n't stay in italy , most of them go to germany . 
  after entering schengen they have no reason to stay put . 
  - once in germany & places it is difficult to deport them whether they are genuine refugees or simply economic migrants . 
  this is because they may be stateless or their country may not accept them back . 
  the result of this is tens of thousands of economic migrants inside the eu that should n't be here to begin with . 
  so what would giving italy more money for border security & create a quota system do - less people would be able to enter the eu illegally - with less people entering illegally more would have to go through proper channels , which would mean more asylum claims at border countries . 
  without a sharing scheme this would mean border countries are responsible for housing * all * refugees . 
  as under the dublin ii agreement states are suppose to deport refugees to where they were first registered . 
  the system already does n't work , it has to be changed . 
  the key is stopping economic migrants & that needs more money to combat . 
  yea , you 're right , all those people fleeing eritrea are just economic migrants , that 's why almost all of them who claim it are given asylum here . 
  we have frontex , it just has a terrible budget ( 90 million euros lol ) . 
  it could be given more funding , which it could then distribute to border states that need it . 
  by comparison uk border agency had a budget of over # 2 billion in 2010 , i seriously doubt greece or italy are spending anywhere close to that number . 
  so you give them a new boat till they go around in circles & end up at our shore again ? 
  do you not see the problem here ? 
  what , are we going to just have thousands of migrants going around in circles in the middle of the med for the next few years ? 
  the problem is all of the pressure is put on the border countries & they do n't receive adequate funding . 
  i mean frontex has a budget of 90 million euros . 
  that is absolutely nothing , the uk border agency had a budget of over # 2 billion in 2010 . 
  plus you have the dublin arrangement that means there is no benefit to them preventing people getting in . 
  if they process the migrants properly other countries can just deport them straight back there . 
  what needs to change is two things : - border countries need proper funding to help with the problem . 
  this can be solved by increasing the budget of frontex * massively * . 
  - the dublin agreement needs to be repealed , all asylum claimants need to be dealt with * at * border countries unless they arrive by plane . 
  there should be no people arriving in germany by land and claiming asylum , they should be deported back to border countries . 
  those judged to be refugees must then be sent within the eu under some quota system , or not , but something has to be done with them . 
  the eu could make a deal with another country to accept them for instance , as long as that country is safe . 
  the problem of course is what does it mean that a country is safe ? 
  i think safe compared to the standards they were used to . 
  there is no reason we should be obligated to give eritrean refugees the same rights as eu citizens . 
  we 're in the business of making sure they 're not killed or persecuted , not that their financial situation is improved to western standards . 
  if the courts are deciding you can not deport them , whether they are refugees or not , then the legislation or treaties that create that response need to be changed because it just seems ridiculous to me . 
  so why do they not cut these programmes ? 
  this is madness , i 'm finding it very difficult to have sympathy for syriza . 
  the idea that a country in greece 's position spends so much on pensions & military is utterly crazy !, 
  the haircut affected private pensions but not the state pension to my knowledge , that is a pay-as-you-go system with no principle fund to back payments . 
  that was a cold war plan while east germany was still under soviet control though . 
  the equivalent to today 's positioning back then would probably have american troops in london or madrid !, 
  nato has expanded further since then , it would make sense to change the plan & not just accept the entire eastern europe as acceptable casualties . 
  i think it could work as long as we pay them a decent amount of money . 
  that being said i 'm not sure paying ethiopia is a good idea , '' * according to the democracy index published by the united kingdom-based economist intelligence unit in late 2010 , ethiopia is an `` authoritarian regime '' , ranking as the 118th most democratic out of 167 countries . * '' . 
  supporting a country like that with money that will likely just disappear into a black hole is not the best idea . 
  ethiopia has it 's own human rights abuses , look them up on human rights watch . 
  perhaps sending them there is within the law though i 'm not sure . 
  how educated they are does n't make them more or less of a refugee . 
  they have refugee camps in germany ? 
  i thought they were assimilated into society or deported depending on whether they 're granted asylum or not . 
  why does n't america move their operations in germany to the baltic states ? 
  they have what , 40,000 troops in germany ? 
  start setting up bases in the baltics & close those in germany . 
  why are they not doing this ? 
  is it the cost involved with closing & opening new facilities ? 
  not 5 billion from those three budgets but a collective contribution from * all * eu/eea member states . 
  it could also be taken from the eu budget itself , which essentially would mean a contribution from the more wealthy states in real terms . 
  this money could then be used to set up camps in african states willing to accept migrants ( plus essentially bribing them to accept refugees ) . 
  i do sympathize with the problem with accepting them within the eu is that they will remain here indefinitely . 
  it 's not a case of simply granting temporary residence as it is for the refugees in jordan for instance who will return when the situation is stabilized . 
  it 's also much much more expensive to house them here than it would be abroad . 
  the important thing is these people are protected & given a safe place to live , any solution that brings that about is good in my mind . 
  it could also be a good thing for these countries , they will receive more aid that will more than cover the cost of hosting these people . 
  edit : just for an idea of how far that money can go : in 2014 the government of tunisia had a total budget of $ 15.5 billion , ethiopia $ 9 billion , jordan $ 11.4 billion . 
  what are you talking about , this sub is incredibly anti helping any refugees . 
  if someone suggested bombing the boats & letting them drown it would get upvoted . 
  actually i think i 've seen that very suggestion here before . 
  well [ 92 % of eritreans claiming asylum are approved ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_instance_decisions_by_outcome_and_recognition_rates,_30_main_citizenships_of_asylum_applicants_granted_decisions_in_the_eu-28,_4th_quarter_2014.png ) , make of that what you will . 
  also people do n't just leave for political reasons , here is the definition of refugee status from the un convention on refugees : * `` a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . . '' *, 
  you do n't half pick the right topics to respond to in this forum haha !, 
  migration issues are even less supported than ttip on here :p i have a feeling / r/european might have something to do with it . 
  * excluding microstates , tiny islands & city states :d, 
  haha well good luck to you i say !, 
  well considering certain futurists are predicting we will have ai more intelligent than humans by ~ 2050 the scope for replacement is kinda unlimited . 
  this wave of automation is not going to be like that of the industrial revolution . 
  the scope for automation is much greater & it will happen over a much shorter period of time . 
  i was reading for instance that 1/3rd of all jobs could be replaced within just 20 years . 
  i was reading that by 2050 the uk will be the most populous country in europe with a population of 77 million . 
  shortly followed by france & germany . 
  ... not sure how good that is though , my country is already one of the most densely populated in europe ( 3rd excluding city states , below netherlands & belgium ) . 
  france 's population would need to double to have the same density , or quadruple to have the same as england . 
  uk aid budget is # 12 billion , france 's budget # 6.2 billion , germany 's budget is $ 7.4 billion . 
  by all means do the math , the money is there to deal with it if there is the political will to use it for that purpose . 
  perhaps that should be the european solution ? 
  create a refugee fund with the budget taken from eu states foreign aid budget . 
  wow germany seems to have a real problem surrounding berlin . 
  also less migration to uk than i thought and more to france . 
  london must be distorting the figures perhaps . 
  then again with automation replacing most jobs over the next 50 years perhaps this is good for germany in the long term , less unemployed people to support . 
  if it does end up going that way of course . 
  can someone explain to me why they ca n't means test the pensions ? 
  to my knowledge it 's a universal system currently funded on a pay as you go basis . 
  if there 's a deficit that hole needs to be filled asap . 
  so do n't cut the pensions of poor people ? 
  the imf were n't advocating that anyway . 
  still giving pensions to those who can afford to live without it at this stage is kinda ridiculous . 
  i agree with the first half but no state will agree to the second re : eez . 
  i 'm sure there is a monetary solution to this though , the uk foreign aid budget is 2.5 times larger than the entire budget of the ethiopian government ( they border eritrea ) . 
  if we all chipped in we could do it within the current budget frame work . 
  they wo n't do that & i 'll tell you why , most applying for asylum are genuine asylum seekers ( this is a * fact * regardless of how much people on here try to avoid it ) . 
  if they set up a way to process them outside the eu the numbers will increase a huge amount .
