  for instance , 15 % of estonian imports came from russia , higher than any other country . 
  for lithuania that figure is way higher at 27 % , for latvia , it is 11 % , for finland 18 % , for poland 10 % . 
  for germany , on the other hand , it is only 2.6 % . 
  the situation is similar for exports . 
  germany-russian exports are 3.3 % of total , for poland this is 5.2 % , estonia 17 % , latvia 11 % , lithuania 16 % , finland 8.6 % . 
  this is why the sanctions actually have n't been that harsh , it would completely destroy these countries economies . 
  but sure , keep going on about how `` evil '' germany is . 
  where else would you suggest we get oil and gas ? 
  never mind the fact that other countries are just as reliant on russia as germany . 
  hell as far as i can see from [ here ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/import/pol/show/all/2013/ ) poland is more reliant on russia than almost anyone . 
  try to look at the practicality side to this . 
  well eventually the world will run out of people , so it 's more like an s curve i guess !, 
  not necessarily , the us has removed its troops before in a situation of conflict to avoid russia . 
  i do agree it 's incredibly unlikely this would happen in a nato state though . 
  lol i was wondering when i came into this thread whether they were still going with this reasoning . 
  ridiculous , call it what it is . 
  haha this is fantastic . 
  i 'm not sure most brits even understand europe . 
  as some guy on qt said the other day , the only benefit he knew about as far as the eu is concerned is the fact he does n't have to change currency every time he goes into a new country . 
  the media does n't help either , the eu even has a freaking site devoted to debunking uk media myths . 
  can you tell me why , only talking about his policies and politics ? 
  many people seem to go on about this fellow , but do n't seem to know a thing about him when asked . 
  i really think we put far too much weight in character and appearance , and not nearly enough in policy . 
  i happen to think cameron is a fantastic politician for instance , but there 's no way in hell i 'd ever vote for the guy . 
  i used [ this ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/tools/pages/healthyweightcalculator.aspx ) calculator , to get into the healthy range she 'd need to gain ~ 4kg . 
  who knows how much she weighed most of the time though , these online websites that tell you her weight are probably not to be trusted i guess lol . 
  more federalised than belgium i would think . 
  i did n't say it was standard . 
  i 'm well aware it 's not , getting a body like that is incredibly difficult and high maintenance . 
  the point i was making is that she does n't look unhealthy , and there 's nothing wrong with women looking like that being on the tv or on the catwalk . 
  agreed . 
  apparently [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ggcqdc.jpg ) is malnourished and unhealthy going by bmi , and likely should n't be on the catwalk . 
  total nonsense . 
  i agree that really skinny girls should n't be allowed but they were pushing too far before . 
  that being said , the final form of this legislation looks fine and is a positive step i think . 
  i 'm sorry , but there is a reason tv , film and fashion use pretty , fit women , and not regular weight ( which would be overweight in many countries now lol ) women . 
  people want to look at attractive people , and that does mean they may be on the low end in terms of bmi . 
  miranda kerr for instance may have been too skinny under previous suggestions of a hard cap . 
  her bmi would be considered malnourished by the who . 
  [ do you consider her too thin ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ggcqdc.jpg ) in my opinion she looks the perfect weight , and being a vs model i 'm pretty sure she probably is very healthy ( works out all the time , eats well ) . 
  many vs models would be in the underweight category of bmi . 
  miranda kerr for instance has ( or had ) a bmi of 17.3 for instance , when the lowest for a healthy weight is 18.5 . 
  i personally would n't classify a vs model as too underweight , but this level of bmi would be classified as malnourished ( one level below underweight ) by the who . 
  really ? 
  because that worked so well with nazism and is working so well today with jihadist extremism . 
  indeed , joseph goebbels thought that was one of the biggest mistakes in the west . 
  allowing unquestionable freedom of expression allowed them to surface and become popular , and we all know the horrifying result of that . 
  their proposal is for a federation is it not ? 
  their joint statement in 2014 said : `` the settlement will be based on a bi-communal , bi-zonal federation with political equality , as set out in the relevant security council resolutions and the high level agreements . 
  the united cyprus , as a member of the united nations and of the european union , shall have a single international legal personality and a single sovereignty , which is defined as the sovereignty which is enjoyed by all member states of the united nations under the un charter and which emanates equally from greek cypriots and turkish cypriots . 
  there will be a single united cyprus citizenship , regulated by federal law . 
  all citizens of the united cyprus shall also be citizens of either the greek-cypriot constituent state or the turkish-cypriot constituent state . 
  this status shall be internal and shall complement , and not substitute in any way , the united cyprus citizenship . 
  the powers of the federal government , and like matters that are clearly incidental to its specified powers , will be assigned by the constitution . 
  the federal constitution will also provide for the residual powers to be exercised by the constituent states . 
  the constituent states will exercise fully and irrevocably all their powers , free from encroachment by the federal government . 
  the federal laws will not encroach upon constituent state laws , within the constituent states ' area of competences , and the constituent states ' laws will not encroach upon the federal laws within the federal government 's competences . 
  any dispute in respect thereof will be adjudicated finally by the federal supreme court . 
  neither side may claim authority or jurisdiction over the other . '', 
  by my reading of this domestic policy will mostly be decided by each side individually . 
  on foreign policy there will be a single voice , and there will only be one military , but otherwise things will be decided by each side individually . 
  oooh controversial flair , some peoples jimmies are officially rustled it seems . 
  [ for reference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geldermalsen ) also , that video in the hall with the protests outside is hilarious . 
  it reminds me of [ this . 
  obama 's reaction after every mass shooting : `` i 'm sorry i have to say this again , but congress wo n't do anything to solve this issue , so it will keep on happening . 
  see you again in a week . '', 
  as i said , the uk is not the only country that wants this . 
  eu politicians have made it quite clear two speed europe is required for the system to stay together , and this would be a good time to better establish a system for this . 
  they need to create a system of flexibility around eu laws and integration , a tiered system of some kind perhaps . 
  i do believe verhofstadt 's party within the eu is currently trying to bring together a system like this right now ( in conjunction with integration proposals at the same time ) , as they realise this is required to improve integration / federalisation . 
  yea i agree . 
  na london is full of people that have n't gone further north than cambridge . 
  they think it 's some dark place where monsters live . 
  it 's also noticeably hotter in london than places further up north . 
  sure , in which case why would there be `` such words for germany importing gas from russia '' ? 
  as i said , everyone relies on imports from russia . 
  i used to be much more hardy when i was younger , swimming in the north sea all year round . 
  but after my teenage years this all kinda changed . 
  perhaps it was living in london amongst the southern fairies that converted me . 
  to be honest though the biggest issue in the uk is the shitty house insulation . 
  most of the old houses here are n't built for the cold , perhaps this is n't the case in scandinavia ? 
  when i lived in modern flats the cold was n't as much of an issue . 
  i 'm just a southern softy at heart , even if i was born in the north . 
  so we want to get oil and gas from the middle east instead ? 
  because that region is so secure and peace loving . 
  look at the practicalities here , russia is the best of bad options and cutting off ukraine really does make sense from a supply security perspective . 
  the sanctions are neither here nor there , europe ca n't deal without russian energy exports and neither can russia . 
  it 's a business relationship that is n't going anywhere regardless of what happens in eastern europe . 
  [ lol . 
  ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/9b5c721cd285e2945f4c1d0f26061afb.png ) germany is n't the only country relying on russian [ exports . 
  that 's not a unified trade bloc , that 's one trade bloc ( efta ) having a treaty with another trade bloc ( eu ) . 
  the uk wants to be part of the eu as a trade bloc with limited political constructs . 
  personally i think the ez needs to get on and create their own parliament and institutions that are separate from the eu . 
  this would solidify two speed europe and allow the uk ( and others ) to remain inside without harming the unification ambitions of other states . 
  in the uk handguns are so rare rival criminal gangs have to borrow the same guns ... 
  restriction can work , but it would have to be eu ( schengen ) wide imo . 
  either way , it 's not a huge issue in europe though . 
  the most important factor to keeping crime and homicides down is good social welfare and low income inequality . 
  i more meant the shape :p,
