  sub is ultra shite in syd . 
  literally the worst place to eat at along with hj, 
  in surry hills everybody and their mothers seem to be an ux designer or involved in app designing in various roles , so i would say that there 's quite the ux design scene here . 
  what i did back during school days was scouting the internet for stuff i liked and emailing its creator , asking for advice , guidance , and so on - i do n't work in ux , but in a similar field . 
  also you need a portfolio . 
  so sit down , go find every tutorial you can , learn everything you can , start doing your small projects , do some free jobs and put a book together . 
  in the meantime contact these professionals and ask for feedback and start building a network . 
  [ questo personaggio \u00e9 una sorta di celebrit\u00e0 su 4chan ] ( https://plus.google.com/103735440660926763096/posts ) . 
  no we are n't . 
  do n't dare comparing us with the seppos . 
  papa is one of the most popular places for this kind of stuff . 
  they do cannoli filled with ricotta , but i do n't know the price per unit . 
  also i hope you 'll get back on tracks soon . 
  not being racist is being an sjw ? 
  whatever you say , kiddo . 
  i have a software to automate tagging . 
  called mp3tag, 
  that was one cringeworthy comment chain my man . 
  typical amerifat , completely unable to see what a shit his government is . 
  of couse the kids are downvoting a guy slightly `` criticizing '' not even kanye , but his fucking performance . 
  i myself saw kanye in sydney was just okish , pusha ( who opened for him ) was heaps better . 
  fuck this sub anyway , it 's dead . 
  tuxedo is not being super dressed up . 
  it 's just an american abomination . 
   as an australian, 
  well , that 's a low bar you set there . 
  we are n't exactly know for our style lol, 
   wait a few years , etc. 
  totally free . 
  uh no you dumb burger . 
  you get a licence and go grab your gun . 
  other countries just are n't obsessed with guns as you are . 
  this shit only happens in the us and places like nigeria . 
   as a leftist im sure you enjoy a defenseless population . 
  makes it easier to enact your policies . 
  oh yes , you amerifats are literally scaring your dystopian ass government shitless . 
  oh no wait , they do n't give a fuck . 
  they still spied on you freely , and your militarized police kill american citizens on the regular - and get away with it . 
  yeah , because the things listed by balmung _ happens here too , right ? 
  dumb delusional burgers . 
  this just in , americans are dumb as fuck, 
  kek , the delusion is real . 
  ( non so come si dica in italiano ), 
  we become angry cunts when you put us in a car . 
  that chair is a pantone , and it was futuristic af back when it was created . 
  it pushed the boundary of what was possible to do in the realm of plastic . 
  you should see the posts that get upvoted the most . 
  tacky as fuck american bullshit . 
   maybe in the north more, 
  they do n't even like other italians , let alone gay people . 
  northern italians are the most racist people in europe . 
  milan is an outlier because of the presence of the fashion industry . 
  spit to manly best walk . 
  upvote me lebbit, 
  fuck off you dweeb . 
  it 's full of americans , that 's why . 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  reddit kids read a romanticized , sappy lecture on ameriku and upvoted , typical . 
  wow i love the way you explain things . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbeeihwx7mk ), 
   mutually assured distruction, 
  lol . 
  drake random tracks are better than most rapper 's singles lol, 
  americans are embarassing . 
  lol so we have two instances of this , one time miguel has said that he 's better than ocean , and that one time he did n't stand up at the grammy ( like many other people there ) . 
  ocean 's fans are as uppity and dramatic as their idol . 
  high for this alone is better than ocean/miguel 's whole discographies . 
  we are in straya too !, 
   the north has been investing and sending a shitton of money to the south for a 100 years without having any positive result . 
  this is how delusional these polentas are . 
  since you are all moving here in oz , i have heard this kind of bullshit more times than i care to count now : the nicely packaged northern italian propaganda , which describes italy as a country spit in half germany , half africa , and the border between the two constantly being shifted around depending on what 's more convenient to who 's exposing this theory . 
  and its always the fault of these terroni and their moor blood . 
  the fact that most of your convos revolve around this subject says a lot more about you than it does about them . 
  you fucked that part of the country for the good part of the century , which was already fucked to begin with , with stuff like [ prime ministers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giovanni_giolitti ) purposefully keeping the place in the middle ages to secure votes for themselves . 
   and sending a shitton of money to the south for a 100 years without having any positive result . 
  southern italy always got the short end of the stick , the vast majority of the available capitals traditionally went straight to the north to make a modern country out of that place ; after a while people thought about sending some money down south and guess what ? 
  it went straight to the mafia !, 
  color me shocked . 
  and do n't get me started about the fact that heaps of that money and production machinery they bought with it went straight back to corrupt industrialists up north . 
  geez , i wonder why the south is 20 years behind ? 
  must be the moor blood for sure ( which is also pseudoscience , anyway ) . 
   southern italians simply do n't have a sense of community . 
  so explain places like benevento to me . 
  grandad was half abruzzese and half beneventano and taught me italian . 
  people from these places take great pride in their towns . 
  what happened there , the moor blood could n't reach these blokes ? 
  lol . 
  well good thing you at least followed our national advice `` if you do n't like it , leave it '' . 
  complex has famously the woat website . 
  you 're my kind of guy, 
  my advice is checking the queen victoria mall for these kind of things . 
  a coffee opera house arising from a huge coffee cup, 
  how to get upvotes on reddit : somebody dies ? 
  be edgy and `` shocking '' in a middle school kind of way and the bitter nerds will go crazy . 
  there is n't still a single article or credible source itt about why this guy was literally satan ( on reddit everybody is either the best thing ever , see bill murray and co. , or hitler - no middle grounds ) , just a vague comment by trashpile about `` predatory business practices '' . 
  u n i q l o, 
  also david jones has a big showroom on multiple levels with a good selection of brands , sometimes good stuff is to be found there . 
  industrie is an aussie company which makes kick ass chinos . 
  they have various stores around , and also a space in david jones . 
  there is a gap in westfield for cheap basics but as they say ... be better than the gap ( aka go to uniqlo ) .
