  of course on a reddit discussion there is the smug contrarian . 
  we do n't need to know about that other shit , since we invented the quintessential coffee culture . 
  the rest of the world just follows . 
  nobody gives a shit about the opinion of some edgy kid on the internet . 
  the story is about two head of states meeting , it has nothing to do with religion . 
  go spew your bullshit on r/atheism . 
  you do n't know what that word means . 
  pizza in italy has almost always more than tree toppings . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  fuckboys on hhh will forever deny it . 
  also today drake has more pull on the audience than the other three combined . 
  lol , fuckboys never know with what they need to come up with to hate on drake . 
  `` pretend to be blood '' , kek . 
   and whoever else modern day hip hop has inexplicably given a pass to ? 
  another dummy who never listened to a single drake record but feels the need to remind us how `` hiphop used to be good , what happened , these talentless people are now inexplicably given a pass '' . 
  hip hop has never been as varied and interesting as it is now , and both drake and game are better than whatever studio gangster you used to listen to . 
  i do n't know if asking this is inappropriate , but why the switch ? 
  were n't the jobs you had before way cooler ? 
  because you were designing actual vehicles there . 
   [ con una maglietta con finta cravatta ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20150421054833/kancolle/images/3/32/for_what_purpose.jpg ), 
  in australia ( dove abito , per la precisione in nsw ) :, 
  man , i 'm a sucker for fathers making stuff for their kids . 
  props to you , good sir . 
  yeah , people would def manage to slaughterer dozens of people every time with a knife . 
  hicks . 
  americans are obsessed with germany for some reason . 
  geez , i wonder why ? 
  the us are n't an advanced country , that 's why that shit happens there . 
  land of the freedumb , indeed . 
  iirc , back when i took the course for the white card , they explained us that all construction work must start early in the morning because it 's safer for various reasons ( for example , humans are more aware in the morning ) . 
  i may be full of shit tho , this was many years ago . 
  lol , sure kiddo , you were there to help people out , you good hearted american . 
  and these people wonder why the world laugh at them . 
  lol , chill out fattie . 
  do you realize how brainwashed you are ? 
  lol . 
  per\u00f2 meglio scientertainment che no science at all . 
  well , now all we have to do is locking down newton , and then the next place that will be infested , and then the next , until all the scum does n't reach canberra, 
  america is literally a real life boondocks episode at this point . 
  reality has surpassed satire . 
  if you need spanish cuts there 's this place called encasa on pitt . 
  i 've never tried it but by the looks of it it 's pretty good and popular . 
  ok , this is unrelated but everybody always post this passage . 
  in this day i shall post another except , which is my favourite :, 
  `` patrick , i 'm serious : you should really see them . 
  avatar is such a great lead singer and i actually thought i was in love with him once -- well , actually i was in lust , not love . 
  i really liked wallace then but he was into this whole investment banking thing and he could n't handle the routine and he broke down , it was the acid not the cocaine that did it . 
  i mean i know but so when that all fell apart i knew that it would be , like , best to just hang out and not deal with, 
  j&b i am thinking . 
  glass of j&b in my right hand i am thinking . 
  hand i am thinking . 
  charivari . 
  shirt from charivari . 
  fusilli i am thinking . 
  jami gertz i am thinking . 
  i would like to fuck jami gertz i am thinking . 
  porsche 911 . 
  a sharpei i am thinking . 
  i would like to own a sharpei . 
  i am twenty-six years old i am thinking . 
  i will be twenty-seven next year . 
  i would like a valium . 
  no , two valium i am thinking . 
  cellular phone i am thinking . 
   take a flight to australia, 
  sorry , we 're full . 
  `` if you run into an asshole in the morning , you ran into an asshole . 
  if you run into assholes all day , you 're the asshole . '', 
  this is a very common scam , yes . 
  props to you for understanding the situation and telling him to fuck off . 
  i ca n't believe they are even propping themselves up with badges , last time i was in paris they were just shady looking people . 
  if she likes `` alternative '' types of electronic music , take her to the chinese laundry . 
  yes , too bad their navy is ass now . 
  even us australians could handle their ass to them . 
  you better accept it quickly , since their all coming in your country to work their assess off in jobs your kids do n't want to do anymore . 
  if these retards are your best , i ca n't imagine what 's your worst . 
  you massacred a fuckload of innocents , as usual . 
  you can buy one at uniqlo for a few bucks . 
  i have one but it 's xxxl . 
  it 's good quality . 
  they have a lot of colors too, 
  iirc there 's an ugg store next to the museum of modern art, 
  do you like gossip girl , upper east sider ? 
  i love it, 
  yeah , he was doing the same in his first 2 albums . 
  there are game tracks where you do n't realize when the featured artist stops rapping and game starts . 
  it 's ridicolous . 
  obviously a kid from toronto is a huge fucking pathetic drake hater . 
  prolly he fucked your bitch . 
  no it 's terrible . 
  was made by some kid after his first photoshop tutorial , and went overboard with the tacky shit . 
  this is the kind of shit you found on ed hardy shirts . 
  the original is great . 
  drake tape was better than all of 2014 shit togheter, 
  typical butthurt torontonian . 
  holy shit you people suck . 
  worst people in northern america . 
  he destroyed every rapper past and present . 
  he does n't need to `` attempt shit '' . 
  while all the backpackers cry on the internet and his rival rappers sell their 10k a month , he is racking in millions upon millions and breaking every single musical record in history .
