the first six tracks form one of the best `` runs '' in hip hop . 
  palace , peso , bass , wassup , brand new with q , purple swag . 
  fuck it , the whole tape is a masterpiece . 
  yams really managed to distill houston , la and ny influences into a new sound . 
  i think nwts has barely any weak track . 
  also the album production quality is insane , listen to it with good quality headphones to catch every hint of 40 's genius . 
  listen to pretend , tinashe 's track with rocky . 
  drake is a big fan of `` n ***** s in paris '' , he tried to make his own versions of that track with started from the bottom and worst behaviour . 
  i 'm not really a fan of them ( even if worst . . has goat bars , like : and it 's back to l.a. , open the mail , starin ' at the check / enough to make you throw up , man it 's gross what i net ) ; other weak points could be 305 to my city . 
  i like own it , the first sung verse is by far the corniest shit drake has ever written , by it 's heartfelt . 
  also tuscan leather it 's intro of the year 2013 for me . 
  there 's a track with her and drake , in case you want to listen to it . 
  that was bad . 
  there were shots fired ( actual gunshots ) and people arrested . 
  that bass drop tho, 
  my fav dg since nldw . 
  lasagna is italian , specifically neapolitan ; along with pizza and various classic pasta sauces and formats . 
  mac and cheese is italian , too . 
  it has been named as an italian dish in an ancient french book called liber de coquina , which predates the english forme of cury , the book the ( very badly edited ) wikipedia article is referencing . 
   `` pasta and cheese casseroles have been recorded in cookbooks as early as the 14th century 's liber de coquina , one of the oldest medieval cookbooks . 
  it is an italian dish of parmesan and pasta but known in england in the 14th century , where a cheese and pasta casserole known as makerouns was recorded in the famous medieval english cookbook , the forme of cury , which was written in the 14th century . 
  this paragraph makes barely any sense . 
  it claims the dish is italian , firstly referenced in the 14th century , the it goes on to say `` but know in england in the 14th century '' . 
  it has obviously been edited to carry the editor 's point across . 
  the book that names mac and cheese as italian is , according to historians , probably from the 13th century . 
  it 's because molotov was the highlander, 
  source : he survived funland 's wrath . 
  yg album was very well received , and was in the top 10 of most hip hop end of the year lists . 
  good thing every music critic and the public think different from you . 
  some people just have shit tastes . 
  food : you never created something as good as pizza or lasagna . 
  transports : you 'll never make something as cool as maserati , ducati , ferrari , lambo . 
  this riles up the americans to no end . 
  yesterday they got extremely butthurt in a til thread when people were claiming their food is shit . 
  also when users where addressing the delusion that they invented lasagna and other pasta dishes . 
  so go with `` your food is shit '' . 
  metal gear . 
  not directed by bay or similar . 
  a techno thriller meets character study meets a study about philosophy of war and violence : a deep insight into snake 's mentality , his fears , what drives him to fight ; what drives to man to kill another man , what effects seeing the unspeakable horror of war has on one 's mind . 
  bale is maybe too much of an obvious cast ? 
  it 's the plot from a movie titled american history x. 
  this was exactly what i was thinking . 
  immediately reminded me of that . 
  on a side note , that scene is got in a nutshell . 
  do n't fall into the trap of replying to dumb stereotypes with dumb stereotypes . 
  italians do n't believe the jersey shore cast to represent a typical american - they 're just perceived as random weirdos from some reality show . 
  italians do n't really have strong feelings toward other nationalities , though they have very strong opinions about other italians and despite the fact that they have been subject to heavy racism . 
  for example the italian language has very few racial slurs , and most of them address fellow countrymen . 
  but yeah , the whole italian diaspora is completely ignored in italy ; it is a separate entity . 
  a weird mix of some obsolete old italians traits exaggerated by the hosting cultures and by the need for an identity - the result is nothing more than a caricature in the eyes of an actual italian . 
  the episode where the `` jersey shore '' cast visited italy , their behavior completely out of touch with the reality of the hosting nation , is telling . 
  fun fact : i just checked the wiki page for the show . 
  looks like quite a good chunk of the characters are from south america anyway . 
  adorable girls . 
  jokes on them , nobody can hate us more than we do ourselves . 
  americans calling other corrupts , epic , simply epic , 
  internet is faster in central and southern italy . 
  northern italy has the worst internet in europe . 
  [ one of the many sources ] ( http://pegasouno.keyvideo.info/files/000236/00023678.jpg ), 
  there are no eggs on a capricciosa , you dumb cunt . 
  4chan can still be the most creative force on the internet . 
  and so movie critics lost any credibility . 
  did you like italy ? 
  food in rome is famously terrible if you do n't know where to go , just like in paris and other touristy big cities . 
  tourist traps and assorted crap are everywhere , with an abundance of overpriced shitty pizza and pasta . 
  [ you may want to look around the web ] ( http://www.tripadvisor.com/restaurants-g187791-rome_lazio.html ) to find the good stuff , authentic roman cuisine . 
  as for pizza , if you can , endure a couple hours of train to naples and [ you 'll have all the pizza you 'll ever want ] ( https://alessiasara.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/photo4.jpg ) . 
   se non lo sapessi , vedi che `` what 's your problem , man ? '', 
  shhhh do n't tell them , they still need to pick up that single line every time when circlejerking about drake trying to be `` hard '' . 
  what 's next , you gon na tell them that `` started from the bottom '' means starting from the bottom of the rap game ? 
  [ quando confronto il mio passaporto con quello britannico mi vergogno ] ( http://i566.photobucket.com/albums/ss102/ombugge/british_passport_european_community.jpg ) . 
  you `` ll find everything from street food to a proper dining experience . 
  honestly , this is still the best way for a tourist to find the good stuff . 
  rome , like paris , is suffering from a tourist traps epidemic . 
  vai in uk o australia . 
  stop pretending that the obsession with this guy does n't reach pathetic levels and that when people dare to disagree with him they can do so without walking on eggshells ( and get downvoted anyway ) . 
  il risotto \u00e9 la categoria di piatto . 
  americans , ladies and gents . 
   next up , repair the plaster on the wall to the house , tape/mud and patch the drywall on the other three wall , and then paint . 
  should really make the garage look great . 
  those wall look awful next to the beautiful floor , 
  op posted this hours ago . 
  the place just need a good plaster & paint job . 
  at first i thought this post was parody . 
  which themselves did more for the world than lesser cultures like the belgians . 
  drake never do this . 
  naming drake in these kind of comedy social network posts is at this point just fishing for likes . 
  there are hundreds of rappers who write random , meaningless lines . 
  drake is not one of them . 
  it 's from some 90 's boyband , champ . 
  guess how we know you never listened to drake ? 
  yeah , he just randomly decided to use make a track outta a screw tape . 
  sorry to break it for you , but drake is a huge music nerd . 
  [ he loves houston and the south as a whole ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqptge40mz4 ) . 
  he pays homage to a lot of local rappers from the past that would be unknown to a lot of younger folks if it was n't for drake . 
  good thing is not a real drake verse then . 
  obviously house of balloons , the masterpiece . 
  not the remastered version , the original . 
  do you evern know what `` reactionary '' does mean , or are you just spewing smartass replies defending le epic pitchfork to fish for karma ? 
  he is right in calling pitchfork reactionary .
