  [ it 's apparently also the hometown of bloodhound gang . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloodhound_gang ), 
  lmao, 
  sounds like a good plan that will stop putin . 
  what can i do to help ukraine in a war with russia and what exactly do you want me to do ? 
  so the u.s. has sent warships to make a drill with ukraine to a sea next to where russia is at war with ukraine . 
  that 's calming . 
  well , the original plan is to live in ukraine/russia for 4 or 5 years and then relocate again back in spain or in another western country . 
  but yeah , you 're right about a future pension . 
  i 'll have to either save a ton of money into a retirement plan or think about something else . 
  but if i register a company as somebody suggested , i would qualify for all that , right ? 
  anyway , before doing anything i 'll talk to the embassies and consulates , because i do n't want to fuck up , yeah . 
  because i want to learn ukrainian and russian . 
  my idea is learning one of the two and then learn the other one . 
  `` then , why do n't you go to russia ? '' . 
  it seems to me that getting a work/resident permit in russia is harder than in ukraine , but it 's an option too , yeah . 
  and second , i get paid in us dollars so they 'll probably yield more in ukraine than in russia . 
  i 've been looking for flats in lviv and there are many cheaps flats there . 
  that 's great , thank you , 
  for example ? 
  so no ukraine mmmmm . 
  there are some non eu countries where an eu national can live without a visa , like norway , iceland and even switzerland i believe . 
  catalonia independent and ruling aragon ? 
  that 's optimistic . 
  seeing how easy he is to convince i should ask him for money . 
  yeah well , the brits were too determined to invade , there was n't much you could do , right ? 
  yeah , i know , but why are these celebrations taking place in bratislava then ? 
  so budapest was the capital of hungary until the ottomans captured it and then the capital moved to bratislava ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't see any menu or link to select any format . 
  for example , with this book : https://bookshop.europa.eu/en/understanding-eu-decision-making-pbqx3211990/ i only see the orange download button . 
  but i have n't been able to download a complete book , they only have the first pages or the index , am i doing anything wrong ? 
  for example , if i download this books https://bookshop.europa.eu/en/understanding-eu-decision-making-pbqx3211990/ using the orange download button on the bottom of the page , it only downloads the index . 
  am i doing anything wrong ? 
  i 'm not sure about the political situation in france but if i 'm correct , marine le pen has it very difficult to win a presidential election due to the two round system . 
  french redditors will know better i guess . 
  which is a scumbag move , tbh . 
  there are enough things to critizise him for rather than his sexual life , which should be kept private like anybody else 's . 
   terrorism just outside the eu ( turkey for example ) - pff , who cares . 
  this is really unfair . 
  everybody cares to some extent , but the sentimental relation with the victims is not always the same . 
  if a bomb goes off in syria killing 30 people and you 've never been in syria , speak the language , know the history , or know syrian people , you care , but that 's all the relation you have with the attack . 
  if a bomb goes off in paris or london , you might have walked those streets , know people from there , seen many movies about the city , or even lived there . 
  everybody reacts according their relation with the subject , it 's not something you ca n't blame people for . 
  and it also happens in many other instances . 
  do cancer and strokes get the same attention in the media or the same amount of donations ? 
  subjugated , yeah , i do n't understand how the un have n't rescued you yet . 
  pedro s\u00e1nchez said `` there wo n't be a third election '' , which can be interpreted as , if the situation is the same as in december , the psoe would abstain so the pp could govern . 
  about an official mechanism to prevent a 4th election , as far as i know , there is n't , so if the parties do n't agree on a new government ... new elections in fall . 
  thanks !, 
  what happened with the tuition fees ? 
  care to explain , please ? 
  i still remember one bosnian kid who came as a refugee when i was in grade school . 
  i lived in a very , very , very small spanish town with almost no foreigners , having a kid from bosnia was like having a kid from another planet . 
  i 've always wondered what happened to him and where 's him now . 
  haha scared of what exactly ? 
  catalonia would what ? 
  vote themselves out of the eu ? 
  not in a million years . 
  it was the main unionist argument agains independece and even catalonian leaders firmly stated they want catalonia in the eu . 
  nobody in spain is against the eu , only extreme left anticapitalist movements , and they matter nothing . 
  i can assure you spain will never vote out of the eu . 
  not under these circumstances , for sure . 
  spain has n't officialy said anything about that matter and wo n't do in a very long time until the scots officially apply for the eu . 
  and even then , vetoing scotland from entering the eu would be a very controversial move , even among their voters . 
  so i still have a chance ? 
  why commiting genocide when you can have the cia fuck up every nearby country . 
  and i do n't think podemos is gon na bring any communist-like government . 
  they 're just real socialdemocrats , that 's all . 
  but that 's podemos fault . 
  you can watch countless videos on youtube of iglesias and monedero licking chavez 's ass and talking how good his politics were . 
  now that venezuela is completely fucked up , do you expect the media and the politics to ignore all that ? 
  the left would n't ignore it if it was the opposite situation . 
  there 's some people worried that the same thing could happen in spain . 
  and although i do n't think podemos is going to bring any chavez-style government , those who are worried are rightfully so . 
  and ? 
  people always say `` stupid media , they never report about [ insert-country-here ] , the censorship of traditional media is brutal '' . 
  and now that they 're talking about the shithole maduro and chavez made out of venezuela , it 's suddenly wrong to talk about it . 
  and it 's obvious there 's an ideological reason behind it , but we all know who complains about it and why . 
  because i knew you were going to end up here :  people born in a state are assumed rights to stay in that state . 
  people who want to immigrate into a state are given certain requirements to meet from said state . 
  which is the typical `` locals first '' . 
  and i do n't criticise it , i kinda understand it too , but it 's an enormously unfair idea . 
  imagine you 're a guy who came from another country and have been working hard for 10 years . 
  you learned the language , you integrated , you have friends , never created any problem , etc. 
  but the 2008 crisis makes you lose your job and now you 're one of those burdens for the state . 
  compare that to one of those retired guys ( british or not , i do n't care ) who never cared about the country they live in , never learned the language , never integrated , etc. 
  any person who has been working for 10 ( or any decent amount of time , the number is irrelevant ) years has probably contributed much more in taxes than a pensionist has contributed in money spent ( which is also debatable , since most of that money stays in small circles : local shops , restaurants , etc. 
  then let 's follow your point all the way and kick out all unemployed people . 
  no , not at all . 
  in the end , the people who have suffered the most during the crisis have been those who did n't have anything to do with it in the first place . 
  the cuts were/are mostly in welfare , benefits and the like . 
  high class people have n't done any sacrifice . 
  so now we judge people off their accounting value ? 
  also , any poor guy who came to spain ( or any other country ) and is hardly able to get a job , i could cut them some slack . 
  a retired person with money and a good life who does n't give a shit about the language or the local people when it would n't cost them jack shit to get integrated ? 
  those can fuck off, 
  2 ' 38 $ / kg right now in dia . 
  ah ok , so the sms thing is the popular vote ? 
  did n't know . 
  but still , it does n't seem to be very transparent , right ?
