  i have n't really followed the thing , but if i 've understood it , countries publicly vote from 1 to 12 and then an ` experts commite ' votes whatever they want to . 
  is n't the votying system a lot like cheating ? 
  is n't the voting system a lot like cheating ? 
  damn , that 's the exact description of the spanish socialist party too . 
  the leftwing spd would vote in favor of a coalition with merkel ? 
  is merkel not especially conservative ? 
  is the spd not especially leftwing ? 
  i do n't understand how a leftist party would vote for a conservative party in power . 
  stabbing people is a smart way to deal with patients tbh, 
  true , thanks for pointing it out . 
  translation of rajoy 's words into english : `` well ... no , man , we 're not going to do any ... come on , go ahead . '', 
  with all due respect , your comparison is dumb , stupid , and profoundly unrespectful . 
  ** catalonia is not a slave . 
  catalonia is a perfectly democratic territory where all , i repeat all human rights are respected . 
  ** catalan citizens are allowed the right to vote , life , work , have a home , marry , divorce , abort , healthcare , education , freedom of speech , and any other right any other country of the european union in particular or the developed world in particular allows . 
  there is not , there has not been , and there will never be a single serious report by any international organization that says basic human rights are not respected in catalonia . 
  i dare you to find one . 
  and now , about the `` sketchy '' thing . 
  i do n't know if the principle of territorial integrity is sketchy . 
  but i do know that every country in the world is built under the foundations of its territorial integrity . 
  every country in the world has the right to defend its borders , and so does spain . 
  and lastly , this principle of territorial integrity you call `` sketchy '' is not an spanish invention . 
  it is explicitly stated in the constitutions of highly undemocratic countries like france , norway , or italy : \u00b7 spanish constitution : `` national sovereignty belongs to the spanish people , from whom all state powers emanate . '', 
  \u00b7 french constitution : `` national sovereignty shall vest in the people , who shall exercise it through their representatives and by means of referendum . 
  no section of the people nor any individual may arrogate to itself , or to himself , the exercise thereof . '', 
  \u00b7 italian constitution : `` sovereignty belongs to the people and is exercised by the people in the forms and within the limits of the constitution . '', 
  ( ... ) `` the republic is one and indivisible . 
  it recognizes and promotes local autonomies , and implements the fullest measure of administrative decentralization in those services which depend on the state . '', 
  \u00b7 norwegian constitution : `` the kingdom of norway is a free , independent , indivisible and inalienable realm . 
  its form of government is a limited and hereditary monarchy . '', 
  get your facts right , please . 
  esteban gonz\u00e1lez pons is very close to the prime minister mariano rajoy and used to have a very high post in the party . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is an official position of the spanish government . 
  stop lying . 
  spain offers a democratic possibility : all the people of spain vote in the referendum . 
  this is the same in france , norway , italia , austria and any other country with a constitution . 
  but catalans do n't want the rest of the country to vote , who is the undemocratic one ? 
  her father , sorry . 
  does n't surprise me very much . 
  one of the most beautiful girls i have ever seen in my life was from tallinn . 
  actually , she works as a model now and has been traveling the world a lot . 
  she was extremely beautiful , but she was also intelligent , polite , and nice . 
  she spoke estonian , russian ( her father was russian ) , english , and was in uni studying french and spanish . 
  and she was also very , very friendly to local students , something that does n't always happen among erasmus students . 
  edit : typos . 
  preventive detention can be dictamined in three cases : the accused is likely to run away , likely to destroy evidence , and likely to reoffend . 
  get your facts right , please . 
  and i do n't see how do i agree with you on the pantoja case . 
  pantoja was accused of something very similar to what the infanta was accused for . 
  pantoja went to jail , the infanta has n't . 
  first off , he did n't get `` 6 years for corruption '' so your point is wrong . 
  second , i 'm not saying urdangarin should have been thrown into jail , but you can go to jail without a firm sentence ( preventive detention ) . 
  therefore , that other point is wrong too . 
  and about the polls . 
  there are aggravating circumstances where a felon can be sent to jail whereas in other circumstances they would n't have . 
  for example , social alarm ( see isabel pantoja 's case . ), 
  rato 's case is a bit special because he was the head of bankia , a bank that literally cheated millions out of its clients , so people were especially eager to burn him and a soft sentence would have been dangerous . 
  on the other hand , after the ridiculous sentence to urdangarin and the infanta , this is not the best moment to be sarcastical about the softness of the spanish justice . 
  that 's the kafka museum too . 
  now i want to live in istanbul . 
  we 've been on a roll down since the 17th century . 
  we 're masters of freefalling , actually . 
  i did . 
  even some movies in vhs . 
  my dad and i used to like them a lot and would buy these and many other comics once a week when i was a kid . 
  good times . 
  and then was jailed again for some time because he fucked up collecting taxes ( although his implication is still not clear . ), 
  i did n't know about that haha , that 's cool . 
  he did , yeah !, 
  although he did n't actually lose it as in having it amputated , he lost its functionality . 
  * dead , not born . 
  and actually , they died with a one week difference , but because the mismatch between the spanish and the english calendar , it 's mistakenly accepted that they died on the same day . 
  but yeah , it 's kinda cool nevertheless . 
  it is much , much better than the original  ) ), 
  oh fuck edit : meh , it stays, 
   this one building is a major reason bavaria became part of germany . 
  i think it has to do more with industry and job opportunities than trade by itself . 
  i ca n't see how andalusia trades less with the eu than any other part of spain . 
  what was the hebdo 's cartoon ? 
  you wasted a lot of money in trump university . 
  what 's the name of that district ? 
  i guess that 's the old town ? 
  are rents very expensive there ( i guess a fucking lot . ), 
  damn now i want to live there . 
  now that 's a good reason , fuck , have my upvote . 
  yes , i mistook `` development aid '' as eu funds , my bad . 
  apologies . 
  if germany wants to solve the refugee crisis they can take in all the refugees they want , nobody 's stopping them to do so . 
  and if a country is unwillingly forced to accept x amount of refugees , i do n't see how that is not `` internal policy '' . 
  it 's exactly internal policy . 
  so now germany is going to control our internal politics too ? 
  when did we accept germany as the boss of the eu ? 
   the behaviour of spain seems very undemocratic . 
  every time this debate comes up , the argument of `` how undemocratic spain is hurr durr '' comes up with it too , always brought by people who do n't know shit about it ( and do n't want to learn either , because it 's really easy to do so . ), 
  the only way to think spain is doing anything undemocratic here is : 1 . not knowing what a democracy is , and 2 . not knowing anything about the whole process . 
  let 's get to it then . 
  the spanish constitutions says , among other things , the following : * national sovereignty belongs to the spanish people , from whom all state powers emanate . 
  [ spanish constitution of 1978 . 
  ] ( http://www.congreso.es/portal/page/portal/congreso/congreso/hist_normas/norm/const_espa_texto_ingles_0.pdf ) therefore , a theoretical independence referendum must be hold in the whole territory of the country . 
  in other words : all the country gets to vote .
