this has the interesting side effect of letting correctly managed enterprises strive ( as long as bad management in customers ' companies do not negate the positive effect of the decent management ) edit : tpyos, 
  may be that 's because we never had any schr\u00f6der to vote for . 
   introduced private retirement schemes i for one do not understand how a private retirement scheme is better than a public one . 
  i even tend to think that it is the contrary ( far more risky , duplicated efforts due to duplicated structures , and so on ) could anybody explain this to me ? 
  well , to be honest i 'm not very proud of it . 
  but i wanted to underline how it can be seen as gross to display such paintings ... 
  ooops ... well , i wanted to talk about the ` from the farmer ' part of the original post . 
  i should have removed the geographical part ... what i meant : this guy prefers the real cider , not the industrial horse piss ( i 'm not even speaking of the ` cidre doux ' ) . 
  and that 's good . 
  true , but having these two paints displayed this way neither is classy imho . 
  a bit like japanese having pictures of pearl harbor 's attack hanged in front of an american minister ? 
  * norman cider is the best cider i 've ever had . 
  especially the stuff you buy straight from the farmer at the side of the road . 
  * that , my pals , is a conaisseur . 
  ( i 'm not normand , btw ), 
  i 'm curious : how is your comment related to mine ? 
  honest , curiosity driven question, 
  http://www.legorafi.fr/ can be pretty good , as long as you read french , of course, 
  i second that.both tastes like water with diluted cardboard in ( the 33 export may be even worse ), 
  neither mine ... 
  well , it really seems to depend on the social group : where i work , there is 2 smokers for 60 people , i.e 3.3 % . 
  in my group of friends , it is around 20 % , and of the ` not everyday ' kind . 
  and i had a distant friend whose close friends and family were 100 % smokers ( of the chain-smoking kind , scary , one of them recently died from lung cancer at 40 something ), 
  yes , and afaik , on most ( all ? ), 
  big planes with propellers , the propeller pitch is variable . 
  yes . 
  airbus is european , not french even if the main r&d is in toulouse , france . 
  i do n't think any recent , big projects are done by a single country anymore . 
  afaik , airbus have sites all across europe, 
  thanks for answering . 
  regarding the not suitable environment , that 's possible , but i think that a children raised in a same-sex environment , but loved and cared enough will be far more happy and thriving than if he was raised in an heterosexual , but violent , home . 
  i think that a suitable environment is a stable one , as remote as possible from violence , where the child is reasonably cared for , and where the parents give the child opportunities , at least intectual if not financial . 
  the child will choose its sexual orientation when the time comes . 
  finally , afaik it 's not because one 's parents are gay that he 'll be gay : gay people often have straight parents , so , why would the contrary be impossible ? 
  btw : i raise my children in an heterosexual environment . 
  i 'm not trying to defend any life style , i just try to understand your point ( having failed with a number of people aligned with you , btw ) . 
  and yet not convinced . 
  ok , thanks . 
  i for one do not agree ( at all ) , as i can not understand how same sex mariage can be harmfull to anyone . 
  could you please develop so that we can better understand what you mean ? 
  lots of people either support this law , or do not give a fuck . 
  afaik , there is not that much people against it . 
  they happened to be well leaded and organized enough to make huge shows . 
  it can also be seen as an expression of the opposition to the hollande government . 
  and medias are more than happy to cover this kind of subjects , where you can make endless interviews of numerous joe six pack in the streets , organizing noizy tv shows involving colorfull people , all of that with local material ( no need to travel , just go down the street in the 1st bar you can find , and pop your camera ) , and so on , all of this for a non-event that will finally concern a pretty low percentage of the population , from the experience of countries having already voted this kind of laws ( often without much fuss ) . 
  well , i have a gay friend that is basically oposed to the gay mariage for this very reason : `` it 's not good for childrens '' . 
  yes , i 'm puzzled , especially as the aformentionned guy openly live a pretty harmonic , decade old relation , that is decentely accepted by the folks of both of the guys . 
  but they 're also both pretty conservative ( i mean the two guys ) . 
  no amount of dicussion could get us ( friend and relatives to these guys ) an understandable reason ... c'est la vie . 
  but ... you mean we 're supposed to read the article before posting ? 
  if only i could upvote this post more ... 
  ... everything but your salary , of course . 
  french here : it tip only around 2 $ , more only if we burdened the staff for some reason ( like taking forever to order , changing our mind , and so on ) , or if the service is ` better than usual ' . 
  not answering the phone is childish , i do agree . 
  well , g.b. 
  always seems to have mixed feelings and intentions regarding europe . 
  money , amongst other things . 
  excuse me sir , but your `` ripping into britain '' thing is just plain parano\u00efa . 
  i can understand that you do n't like the man , but saying that he has specific griefs regarding g.b. . . 
  no , thanks , keep it please . 
  ... forever !, 
  well , no . 
  that said , there is a limit on the number of hours that can be done in a week , but i think that it depend on the kind of job , and laws about this keep changin every new government , so i can not answer ... of course , if you do not declare the overtime you do , then there 's no problem ... 
  i 'll add this remark about the 35hours : 35hours a week is the _ official _ duration . 
  from what i see around me , average real work hours are closer to 40 . 
  where i work , we work the number of hours required to finish projects in time , whatever it means . 
  sometimes we do less than 35 , often we do more , the 50 hours are not isolated cases ( and we 're ok with that ) . 
  the problem is that it 's unpaid overtime . . 
  better , yes . 
  far better , hell no ... and that 's not good , as we ( euros ) are in great need of a positive influence . 
  germany is not enough . 
    yet i still feel less alien being surrounded by french , germans or norwegians despite not knowing a single coherent sentence of any of those languages can not agree more !!!, 
  having workked a bit in china , u.s.a , and being french , i felt kinda at home in england and holland thereafter, 
  they punch you instead . 
  hard . 
  i do n't support racism , far from it , but i call what you describe `` dogmatic antiracism '' . 
  nearly as dumb as racism . 
  thing is , the last 15 years housing in france gone through the roof compared to salaries . 
  salaries never catched up . 
  i can not understand how it can be good for the economy having people heavily in debt because housing is twice more expensive that it was . 
   france only cares about its spheres of influence . 
  like every other countries i think . 
  upvoted so that a knowledgeable gent gets more chance to see the post and enlighten us . 
  they consider france ( out of paris ) as their very own playfield , where they can do nearly everything ( for example , parking in your carpark like they own it , you know , because they 're in holiday , you know , they can do whatever they want , and looking very surprised when you politely asks them to go park anywhere else ) . 
  they also are persuaded that people not living in paris are nothing more than ignorant rednecks . 
  furthermore , as they have better salaries , they have more purchasing power , creating balance problems in place that they suddenly elects as `` the place to be '' . 
  too bad if you are a native of the said `` place to be '' . 
  as they travel in swarms when spring is back , their sheer number allows them to transform a nice , quiet place ( this niceness and quietness understandably being the reason for them to come in the said place ) , in a trendy , hypsy , `` authenthic '' mess . 
  yet they do n't understand why people do n't like them . 
  hey man that 's my sun , gim me back !!!, 
  they already seems soooo nuts , i ca n't even begin to understand how someone can be mentally healthy and give them any credit ... 
  well , nanny states can be bothersome for sure , but forbidding drunkards to take the decision of killing people while driving drunk is a matter of public security , and is not at all nannying . 
  avoiding having drunk people on the road is a good thing , and is not at all related to a nanny state of some sort . 
  when crasing , drunkards do not always only kill themselves . 
  quite the contrary . 
  btw , i heard that the asociation behind this new law is strongly subsided by a company that ... makes breathalizers . 
  but it 's only about security , you know . 
  people that started working at a young age ( 16 yo if i recall correctly ) , and if they worked long enough, 
  lots of other countries , already in eu , should push reforms themselves , so . . welcome anyway !, 
  flattering , may be , but it is not the reality ... even if we slowly go in the right direction ...
