  it 's kind of sad . 
  i mean the netherlands had three additional political parties . 
  what happens remains to be seen . 
  i 'll stand my ground and say time to reform the party system not the parties themselves . 
  i see some people told you to go away . 
  i for one think it 's good you 're just putting your mindset out there even though people do n't react like europeans use to react to unfamiliar opinion . 
  an american trying to understand euro-politics is not a daily occurrence , as is europeans trying to understand american politics . 
  as long as we keep learning and try to reinvent ourselves we should accept anger , ignorance and frustration . 
  well myth busted . 
  probably invented by the americans right after their independence then . 
  as long as britain does n't entirely turn to teeth as white as snow i 'm okay with that . 
  i like john oliver 's teeth , they 're not straight but they 're clean and look healthy . 
  i looked at a lot of british teeth the last couple of hours lol . 
  there 's a lot of funny pics of david cameron . 
  he sure is an expressive man . 
  no teeth pics though except one but not clear enough . 
  jeremy clarkson has some exposing photos on the web though . 
  but you practically described any western european countries ' dental care after ww2 . 
  my mom has the weirdest teeth with gray fillings and everything . 
  we 're dutch . 
  but it 's getting worse since dental has been excluded from the standard health insurance a couple of years ago . 
  maybe the dutch will be the new bad teeth stereotype of 2020 . 
  austin powers boy have n't seen that movie in years . 
  gon na watch one tonight . 
  such and idiot haha . 
  great movies . 
  well we 're probably never gon na fully agree then but you have a strong belief . 
  i like people with strong beliefs and antinatalism is n't something you just get behind for no reason . 
  you need to be convinced and that is the mark of a great debater . 
  but in the grand scheme of things do you want to see the entire world turn antinatalist or do you believe in the balance it will bring if enough people get behind it ? 
  one makes us extinct in 70 years but the other may bring balance to the world where overpopulation is probably one of the biggest problems on the horizon . 
  yes only hundreds ? 
  it might as well been 1500 so it 's kind of a relief . 
  good thing i never would 've said that during very serious discussions . 
  i hope i did n't make you feel like i think all antinatalists are crazy strange women whom lick their cats a lot and wear weird shirts . 
  if so i 'm sorry . 
  still i think it 's the wrong way to go . 
  though i do believe the particular mindset of making tough choices to create less destruction a very sound one . 
  but i 'm curious are you one because of the state of humanity 's effect on this planet or degrading quality of life and sparing the next generation an extra mouth we possibly ca n't feed or something else ? 
  i like what you 're saying . 
  but you 're also telling the truth when i think about it . 
  you will survive just as france when the eu goes down ... 
  but together we will thrive . 
  it 'll take time but all of us still have a chance and time to breathe life into a united continent where even switzerland , norway , finland and even monaco can get behind . 
  these countries have been waiting years for the eu to get their crap together so they could join up . 
  it 's high time we start working together instead of just trading together . 
  it might sound weird but i believe in europe and its potential , we were at one point controlling half the world even though we were warring with each other like there were global water shortages . 
  if we can do that all the while distracting each other like that , just think of the possibilities if we truly banded together , not as united states or as european union but as a new europe where we could stop vetoing each other out of spite and self interest . 
  i just had this idea for ages . 
  balance between veto power for small nations and unsc political steamrolling without the strained relationships between each other by fostering teamwork . 
  i hate it that people think of europe as nothing more than just a continent we live on . 
  you as a german possibly understand more than anyone the need for unity and the doors it will open . 
  all `` uniters '' made the mistake of using war and force and germany for one has been abused by one of these , pushing personal hate and ambitions and in turn humanity 's worst traits to people with a dream of unity and misled them . 
  we are europeans , our countries all unique and rich in history . 
  yet we do n't seem to want to understand history of our european neighbors . 
  my grandmother still calls germans krauts and even though i understand where it 's coming from nobody seems to remember that german people were not all aware of what was truly going on just like we are barely aware of what 's truly going on in the backrooms of parliament . 
  innocent germans were beaten to death for years after the war because of this ignorance of the dutch for example , and it 's high time we turned a corner and built on trust and faith in each other so we could prevent any of that ever happening again . 
  we need leaders whom will lay awake at night thinking of what could be better , those willing to sacrifice some comforts an hefty paychecks to offer it to others , leaders whom not only europe 's citizens but also europe 's other leaders will trust . 
  if people are angry at each other they should say that instead of being blinded by peace . 
  peace wo n't coexist with internal dishonesty . 
  egotistical behavior is killing all of us even though it seems profitable at first . 
  it 's the reason britain is gone even though i think that is the start of paving the way for another idea to be introduced . 
  now i want to write a book and see if it sells lol . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i thought this for years . 
  i do think he 'll try to restore soviet pre-ww2 borders in a federal way with state subjects with high autonomy . 
  america pays for its beauty and decadent luxuries with poverty greater than all of europe combined . 
  also they have way more land availability thus lower land values outside cities and a huge upper-middle class home costs like 250.000 $ . 
  in holland you pay that you get a house comparable to that in the king of queens and not in those hot suburbs but more like in villages 30 miles form the nearest city . 
  suburbs will get you an additional 100.000 $ cost . 
  also we pay almost 1.80 $ a liter of gas . 
  already factored in currency differences . 
  we also have cheap education and health care , steady social security systems , cheap social rentals for like 200 $ a month . 
  our riches seem less rich at first sight but then you talk to the poorest people of the netherlands and find out they have food in their fridge . 
  also what the rich in the usa pay top dollar to have like bmw 's and ferrari 's or belgian/swiss chocolate are comparably affordable on `` the continent '' to quote downton abbey . 
  so all of europe pays and as long as that 's happening a lot of people receive help for their problems . 
  when i was 18 and my life turned to shit all of a sudden i could n't pay my rent and unprepared as i was for such big problems i started locking those hard facts out of my mind . 
  within three months a social worker rang the doorbell and told me my landlord reported me for not paying rent and they wanted to check if all was right . 
  it is what europe stand for and one of the few things we do pretty well . 
  edit : just wan na say i live two miles from the downtown area and minus 170 euro subsidies i pay 320 euro 's a month including utilities for one room say 200 square feet and no shared anything . 
  i 'm a student now but i used to be unemployed and welfare is 930 euro a month here . 
  health insurance is 80 euros minus 70 euro health subsidies so ten euro 's but no dental , i pay an additional 3 euro 's a month for 500 euro worth of dental insurance . 
  well it could work but we should start segregating everybody into chinatown-like closed off neighborhoods right now . 
  lol but really fuck racism it 's for old people . 
  my grandma still calls germans krauts . 
  but holy shit that people discuss this in america using these categories is really really f * cking bad . 
  no wonder the ferguson protests happened . 
  edit : grammar . 
  that 's why we should n't send them ( alleged racists ) on their way , we should make them realize they 're on the wrong side of the fight . 
  still you 're from switzerland and you 're honestly from a great country if not amazing , the eu should take you as an example instead of the usa . 
  i agree with you i 'm just saying we should stand above the hate and try and convince those who are wrong , because we are right . 
  still his racism is ignorance on a different level than the kkk . 
  he can still be saved i think . 
  i do n't agree with you at all except your need for change . 
  i 'm going to indulge you . 
  i hope i can help you form a more realistic opinion . 
  so we 're gon na reorganize europe into something new that consists entirely of old ideas and excluding the new ones ? 
  and you do know that this proposed system where gypsies and muslims are apparently on the same side wo n't ever agree ? 
  let alone the fact that religion should be fully excluded were we to reinvent western politics . 
  why are indians a relevant group ?
