well i 'm a weakling and i never served in the army but i taught myself to know i 'll never truly understand but i can always do everything to make our men at arms feel like they did the right thing . 
  whenever i hear stories from ex - marine corps i hear in their voices that they 've been places and they do n't want to be asked if they killed anyone or how many . 
  they want to talk when they start talking and i let them . 
  they 're still people and i always thought that a couple of beers and talking about the sun shining and playing some nice tunes makes them enjoy life . 
  just leave behind the past but make people look at the now and the future . 
  there 's no people i respect more than soldiers , no matter what they fight for , they fight for it and are prepared to die for it . 
  they feel hate for the people they kill because they keep trying to kill them . 
  if any soldier reads this . 
  you are respected and loved by many and hated by others , that means you did your job . 
  that means you 're home . 
  i wish you all the best . 
  i say let them keep it in exchange for 60 billion dollars worth of investments in the european economy for the coming 10 years with a nice agreement that gives apple reason to stay . 
  having 15 billion in back taxes booked over to the euro-parliament also is n't the best idea , cause that 's where it eventually ends up . 
  and if it 's truly some european made deception i hope they backdoor-deal apple back into our graces because they may pay almost no tax but their employees do . 
  as well as their customers . 
  just invest some tax money in apple and friends for a couple of years and you have more than a 15 billion euro `` tax rate '' . 
  if you play the game auntie europe do n't play it like uncle sam , he 's a senile old coot . 
  it 's how i see it . 
  but just like us steel we might try to deal with the world without the us supporting us in ways we ca n't control , because in the end it weakens us . 
  the us does n't have to do a lot to make our foundation shake because we are codependent . 
  also europe has way more friends on this planet than the united states does . 
  we have been listening to a country that has global power fully dependent on other countries . 
  the us is strong not because its 15 trillion dollar debt or its 15.5 trillion dollar gdp . 
  the us is strong because of the 20 trillion dollars that europe , the middle-east and asia flush trough the us economy every day so it keeps standing . 
  look at canada being all like nothing happens there . 
  they seem to be doing quite alright just like europe 's beautiful scandinavian subcontinent . 
  all of these countries tried to get rich without wanting to be rich and they won by going long term instead of becoming some kind of debt-fueled economy built on deficits and sacrificing the lower and middle class like china . 
  just look at how iceland took care of the icesave debacle . 
  would n't call that enron 2.0 , would you ? 
  patriotism is a strange thing , look at the us . 
  i believe patriotism is a form of pride a country collectively feels when it makes choices that brings results almost everybody wants . 
  americans that are patriotic now are the well-off , the militarists , women , liberals , equal rights people , the superclass and more . 
  the formerly patriotic americans we now lovingly call the disillusioned are the ones who grew up with war propaganda , jfk , fdr and reaganomics . 
  their america is nowhere to be seen and i 'm gon na say both had it 's dark events . 
  but when you stop screaming and fighting for the country you want to live in and you just keep on watching that beautiful country go away and become a shell of itself without a fight , that is when patriotism dies . 
  i 'm a patriot . 
  i 'm from the netherlands . 
  that is what i believe in . 
  i love my country for what it can be . 
  because right now it 's a cesspool of apathetic people looking at other people who are worse off to feel better about themselves . 
  welcome to the glass society . 
  i really do n't like this . 
  i do n't even know what 's happening in greece and we want to share our knowledge with countries outside europe we do n't even trust ? 
  this is the age of information . 
  you remember when we went from bronze to iron ? 
  entire economies and empires collapsed or fell apart because of totally unrelated things . 
  take some time to think how broad the scope of the word science is . 
  there will always be people longing for something the other despises . 
  there will always be politics . 
  there will always be populism . 
  this is democracy . 
  i live in the netherlands and i feel proud to call the uk people my neighbors from across the north sea . 
  i 'm personally very invested in europe as a whole and seeing it break apart only makes me happy and hopeful that someday the european union will be disbanded and make room for true peace and prosperity . 
  sometimes i feel shitty because of the amount of apathy in europe . 
  we act like we are enemies with too much money on the table to start killing each other again like before history started being recorded in europe ( guess why ? ) . 
  we do n't fight for eachother . 
  we do n't protect eachother . 
  we do n't know eachother . 
  we do n't respect eachother . 
  i 'm the exception in my city i think . 
  but to every english irish or scottish citizen reading this i will say this : you are my brothers and sisters , and no matter the petty conflicts that will start to come between the eu and the uk . 
  i will always consider all of us europeans , because we are . 
  we have fought many wars and our voc and eic and naval prowess was envied by the entire world for hundreds of years . 
  and i know that this has made us a family bound by blood . 
  i really am sorry this happened . 
  i feel the pain of the eu migrants whom feel insecure about their place . 
  i feel the anger and frustration of the scottsmen . 
  i 'm really angry that this happened . 
  the fact that the eu allows another european to feel this way has made it clear that the eu is n't something to joke about . 
  it 's something to cry about . 
  would n't that have been nice ? 
  it really is a shame that our tax spenders do n't know where to spend it . 
  they do n't seem to want to improve the machine all that much , just maintaining it to keep it running . 
  i would n't mind if the spending parties ( government and friends ) do a little comparison shopping though to keep cost down instead of calling their big buddies and giving them an even bigger amount of money to do work that 's worth half of that money at most . 
  we pay for great things but we just get nice things , that 's the problem . 
  i blame them as much as the national politicians and the heads of state . 
  they 're way to busy picking a suit & tie for the next day and practicing their `` best interest '' smile . 
  i guess they forgot the money they get is for governing . 
  let 's just say most people get lazy and decadent when you give them way too much money for way too little work done and way too many sitting around sessions . 
  but in all seriousness we could 've prevented this by just getting all eu leaders to go to the uk and just talk to people and promote a european presence and inclusiveness . 
  it only sounds naive because i do n't elaborate . 
  never underestimate the seed of self doubt . 
  jut need to plant a little something and maybe he 'll go on to believe in our ways . 
  so what we did helped nothing in the sense of jumpstarting economies ? 
  that 's a real shame . 
  also very worrisome . 
  there will be a way but it 's gon na be a long road to walk on . 
  thanks for the update . 
  you keep on tight . 
  i hope you 'll be alright . 
  remember there 's still people in western europe working hard to come up with realistic solutions instead of throwing money at the wrong part of the problem . 
  that 's as clear as day . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  yeah i have been to india and muslims live in special neighborhoods there so you 're right about that . 
  they really do n't like each other . 
  1.7 % of british population is indian and the rest falls under 1 % as well as asian demographics fall below 1 % in europe 3 . ), 
  yeah they do partly but in europe we just say lower class and do n't mention ethnicity . 
  i know it 's different in the us . 
  the whole black president setting precedent for future black presidents is enough to know how it is . 
  there 's a truth in that .
