  there may be a lot of them but still they keep to india and america ( mostly ) and even if they did n't you do n't go and pick a majority as the one you cater to to get the biggest voter turnout in your advantage . 
  it 's populism and that 's mostly just what happens right now our system is going down fast because so many people belong to so many groups now that we ca n't make sense of it anymore . 
  in the netherlands we have a political party whose only interest is animal safety . 
  nobody likes to see bunnies get maimed by psychotic kids . 
  you do n't see me founding the party against child abuse . 
  everybody agrees so no one feels like dividing into kill bunnies/save bunnies . 
  my lesson for you is stop placing people in categories based on race , religion or apparently lineage . 
  you proposed a system where groups which have barely got along with no road for us to go there . 
  also you can reform the party system but there 's always the right to found a party and to create sides unless you 're in china or other one-party government countries . 
  for disasters and messages of national unity like that presidential/emergency channel in the us i say yes . 
  but with the timezones and languages and work schedules i do n't think 500 million people will watch planet earth together . 
  the idealist inside me does love the idea though . 
  also the netherlands have heel holland bakt and that is the same as tgbb . 
  we already share a lot and a tv channel wo n't end unfamiliarity with each other . 
  you know what will ? 
  tax free tourist travel . 
  jan , karel , klaas , jelle , sanne , marianne , chantal , alex , wesley , cynthia , maaike , wouter , karel . 
  many more but of all these names i have three of each of them i know . 
  yeah i saw a woman on tosh.o defending this belief . 
  she did n't seem well . 
  i do n't think it 's a good thing . 
  less unplanned pregnancies , less unprepared parenthood , less college dropouts , less criminality , less financial hardship , less fatherless children . 
  also less women bearing child from rape and that is really great , i ca n't imagine something like that happening to me and how i would feel . 
  it 's my opinion but cold hard statistics will agree . 
  edit : i do think the father should have a say but that 's a complex subject . 
  it 's her body but his kid . 
  found 25 cents just now in my own wallet . 
  i 'm rich yeah !, 
  yeah but bitcoin could be worth less by the time you get in your car and drive to the one you need to pay . 
  it is possible though . 
  like 10 euro 's now . 
  need to wait for good old student loan money to come in . 
  in holland you get this monthly , spread out across your education . 
  the twentieth is close by now . 
  though i was really stupid with my money this month . 
  usually carry 40 $ -60 $ and fill it up close to twenty cause i visit places where you ca n't pay with the plastic . 
  i asked the same question . 
  does n't seem like people in any counry can afford to just sleep for four hours because of heat . 
  annexation joke boom !, 
  you 'll never slip . 
  safest bathroom ever !, 
  what about the fact that america in its entirety still thinks brits have poor dental habits ? 
  edit : europeans say that a lot too but we do n't actually believe it . 
  do n't know if that 's better or not ... 
  probably not . 
  they should have a law that states : `` in the event of discovery of an interplanetary galactic government all nations have a chance to either merge with the global earthican government or ally themselves with exospecies . '', 
  stupid flanders . 
  is siesta really such an important part of the day in spain ? 
  loved fawlty towers, 
  sucking lifeblood from the economy and your life for generations . 
  it 's easier . 
  references get made in a certain language you can try translating it but it 's easier for me not to . 
  but also i like comparing perspectives from various countries on the same subject and even russia has english news . 
  we 'll probably not go to war anytime soon that 's true but if the situation keeps escalating like this there 's gon na be a eu split down the middle scenario within 30 years . 
  i 'm afraid the eu just forces us to bottle up anger and frustration until a breaking point so in my eyes it is n't insurance , it 's procrastinating comeuppance . 
  serves them right for doing it the other way around during viking times . 
  ps : i may be wrong lol . 
  i 'm curious , how are things in greece ? 
  all we hear out here is greece takes our money and then they party till they 're broke again . 
  nobody knows what happens in a country by listening to news people . 
  is something similar happening in greece or are things calming down despite refugee related tension ? 
  i myself hope you 're doing better . 
  love your country , europe began in athens . 
  have an upvote friend . 
  people like us need to keep to reality . 
  populism is already bad enough with democracy catering to it . 
  now there 's people abusing it in full and people love it . 
  greetings from holland and i wish you good luck on the re-vote on december 4th . 
  i really hope that norbet hofer guy does n't get his way . 
  you actually have a nice system to elect presidents and i hope it ends up with giving you a president like the van der bellen . 
  i kept myself up to date even though slightly . 
  yeah before the eu we actually already had an economical union called the eec , short for european economical community . 
  born out of ww2 before that we had hitler invading us , stealing our art and starving us to death if we did n't listen . 
  before that we were recovering from ww1 you 're right to say that compared to `` before '' we live in relative peace and prosperity , it 's just such a shame it 's nothing more than a temporary bandage placed on a wound the powerful like to see bleed so they could never run out of blood themselves . 
  it 's like the vampires with their blood farms in daybreakers only there 's no shortage just the greed . 
  remember it 's not too late and this right wing trend will cease as soon as other people start saying better stuff that actually makes sense . 
  i just hope these other people present themselves soon before europe becomes americas playground . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with your statement about the right/left . 
  i think it 's an oversimplification of too many gray aspects of politics , society and economy . 
  the right wing is anti eu because the eu right now is just a parliamentary building where people go to cash their 250 bucks a day and then they leave . 
  right now they symbolize apathy and the right wing parties al acknowledge this while every lefty liberal keeps blindly defending something most of us do n't see that much of an advantage in anymore . 
  the idea of the eu is amazing but the people working to uphold it mostly do for selfish reasons . 
  also i 'm from the netherlands and i never hear anything about the eu government except how they use tax payer money to fund the whole scam . 
  i know it 's only partly true because it 's mostly advertised by the media also for selfish reasons . 
  bad news always attracts the most viewers , if it did n't we 'd never hear anything from the illegitimately called islamic state . 
  right now the right wing is in a place where they can be selfish while also furthering these goals publicly because we 'd rather have a scapegoat than actual solutions even the left starts to listen . 
  people like marine le pen and geert wilders are `` new '' politicians and they have something fresh to say even though it harkens back to old times by using old themes like racism and `` for the real citizens '' propaganda . 
  the right just uses the eu just like it uses racial diversity/equality , to their own selfish ends . 
  selfishness is the true disease and right now everyone 's infected . 
  ironically the right is just as selfish as their eu loving colleagues . 
  we tried something new and made so many mistakes along the way that it became just as bad as it is new . 
  your , or i should say , our ideas are uncommon because no politician goes into politics to change the world anymore , they just want a nice resume so they could get a nice cozy job in the private sector . 
  well i definitely would n't . 
  i 'm not saying they will be bought or sold or conquered . 
  i 'm saying there will be a way for countries that were ( re ) born out of the collapse of the soviet union to have allegiance to both russia and the european union which will benefit and please both . 
  right now there are those who are afraid or angry on one side and those who want to rejoin russia . 
  russia is a federation and has given its federal subjects various amounts of autonomy depending on the subject . 
  countries like the ukraine are culturally mentally and geographically more part of russia than it is of the eu . 
  countries like azerbaijan already have considerably good relations with russia . 
  georgia has n't but this is more due to lobbying from both eu and russian sources which inevitably leads to friction .
