  long story short . 
  komorowski , most often is accused , by those who want to dig up old bones , of having close tie-ins with [ wsi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_information_services_%28poland%29 ) . 
  now liquidated agency , which he used to supervise and which is now regarded by many , as a gateway for russian kgb , gru , and whatnot , into polish affairs . 
  he was also the only one from civic platform , who was opposed to dismantilng of wsi . 
  however aside from few , convicted spies who used to work for wsi , no other tie-ins were ever proven . 
  aside from that , his opponents also put into question his rapid career boost in the early nineties and connections with controversial jaruzelski . 
  polls are worth jack shit , they were wrong almost all across the board . 
  as for suprising result for kukiz . 
  he got so many from mostly young people , who are agitated towards `` establishment '' , and komorowski 's clumsy , incompetent , appearance and shady past , but at the same time , who regard pis as a part of the aforementioned establishment . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people will be able to understand the article . 
  it 's true in the same vein as any propaganda is . 
  meaning , it does n't say anything false ( for the most part ) , but it 's does n't say the whole truth . 
  the author of your article at the begging says history is not black and white and then paint 's the poles exactly one-dimensionaly , without giving any reson for their actions . 
  and no , invasion was not followed by bloody sunday , but bloody sunday was followed by invasion . 
  as for your complete obliviousness for the reasons for which germany should respect international law , especially since europe was still tense from the first ww , and not invade another country , i 'm at complete loss for words . 
  it is expected however that ottoman province would n't know much about it . 
  see ? 
  two can play that game . 
  to crate a `` blame game '' in poland , and during first year and a half , boy , it worked like a charm !, 
  and the tensions to this day did not subside . 
  the wreckage itself is probably useless by now . 
  should there ever was any mechanical issue at fault , it would be impossible to determine as the russian gov did not even gave the plane any shelter at least in the first few weeks . 
  well the slav thingy was more of a hitler 's doing . 
  before that prejudices were more nationality based rather than geneticaly . 
  but eastern europe is communist legacy , no doubt . 
  `` hit the poles so hard that they despair of their life ; i have full sympathy with their condition , but if we want to survive , we can only exterminate them ; the wolf , too , can not help having been created by god as he is , but people shoot him for it if they can . '', 
  it realy does n't matter how good they will fare . 
  their purpose is simply to be . 
  i predict they will serve as a reference point to polish politics for the russian media if need be . 
   you did n't respond how banning something going against the majority is in any way commendable . 
  being a majority should not enable majority terror ever . 
  i do n't think any country in the world thinks that it 's not okay to enact legislative processes or use force to preserve peace , when safety , or most importantly , stability of the country such as latvia ( neighbour to revisionist russia ) is in peril . 
  should you ever take a peek at the map you 'd notice that no two countries are the same and so their policies will differ . 
   you show a fundamental lack of understanding of the situation by alluding that the `` ruckus '' is ... 
  i know that you do n't integrate people by creating comfort zones , countries within countries . 
  or you 're just grasping at straws . 
   people in eastern europe have a visceral fear of change in anything . 
  you with your eastern european hate again . 
  no they do n't fear anything . 
  we simply display more precaution about the things that are causing ruckus in much more able and powerful western countries . 
  enough for ministry of justice to take notice . 
  the customs are foreign and are already causing unrest . 
  better to play it safe rather than read in 30 years , how they failed to integrate them and how perplexed they are about the next course of action . 
  especially considering that balts already have problems with minorities . 
  http://news.yahoo.com/poland-no-country-men-063205414.html tl ; dr money, 
  they ** really ** wanted those guns . 
  shop owners . 
  it 's just this one self-hating hungarian . 
  she dun goofed with that statement , although you can hear ukrainian in every region now . 
  imagine how much they 're not telling us . 
  this picture is quite old and china , in our minds , is usually associated with low quality , cheap , expendable shit . 
  not for much longer tough . 
  leave shitposting to australians . 
  [ except elections , be it presidential or parlimentary , have fuck all to do with stocks . 
  ] ( https://strefainwestorow.pl/sites/default/files/imagepicker/1/wig_12.png ), 
  [ citation needed ], 
  cool opinion bro , but i belive you 're mistaken . 
  you also have a nice day . 
  kempa or any other representative never said they would not publish it . 
  it is the media 's addition in their ferocious hunt to tarnish the image . 
  german way but starting from the bottom right . 
  as someone who 's not an expert on the subject by any means ( even though i 'm on the internet ) , just repeating things i 've read or heard , i 'd think the main obstacle is the usa . 
  such trade partnership could be a definite blow to america 's hegemony . 
  america runs amok , cuts military spending for ground forces and focuses on the navy by flexing it 's muscles on the pacific . 
  american navy goes where it pleases with the exception of south china sea . 
  there 's a theory that new silk road , which the chinese set out to build by the year 2049 , could be the reason for new world war . 
  chinese have been actively visitng europe in recent past and shaking hands with all the leaders of nations , through which , such road would pass through . 
  tpp is said to be one of america 's diplomatic counter-measures against europe getting intimate with china . 
  they 've been thought by us that bitching and rioting will get you places . 
  whoah there !, 
  be careful with those far-right thoughts of yours or you might just start a 4th reich . 
  fun times . 
   how do you guys do it ? 
  in many european countries , they get free housing , food , language classes , health care and even vocational training . 
  very good point . 
  in america immigrants are expected to be self sustainable . 
  here we wonder how are we going to find for them job/house/amusement / money/sex , which put into question a lot of things . 
  you have 0.9 % muslims , amerykanski . 
  that 0,9 is responsible for 1/3 of terrorist attacks on religious background ( something i 've heard , ca n't provide source ) . 
  grade a intergrating right there . 
  additionally america is known for cherry picking who comes and goes . 
  i ( greatest ally ) ca n't for example go to the united states without visa , and i heard many stories from people ( some of which i know ) who were sent back from the airport based on small bullshit . 
  compare this , to swarms of those , who with no regard for law , storm the borders . 
  just for clarity . 
  who do you think said `` vermin that bring illness '' ? 
  `` to be in europe is to be in eu '' ~ kaczy\u0144ski or something like that . 
  they fired the guy responsible for that . 
  not really a matter of stronk or fear etc. 
  in my opinion , former party fucked up beyond measure towards the end , and after tusk left ( who was n't universally adored either ) there was no one charismatic enough in po to look up to . 
  that would explain how they went from being an irrelevant continent to a superpower in a matter of century . 
  that attack was most likely a false flag . 
  much like few other cases broadly reported in foreign media . 
  but who is ever gon na report an apology ? 
  http://rzeszow-news.pl/nie-bylo-incydentu-bedzie-sledztwo-przeciwko-portugalczykom/ coincidentally president duda made a visit to portugal two days later . 
  pis would 've probably won those elections regardless , but those few % could 've saved us from the constitutonal shitshow . 
  we no discriminate . 
  tracksuit is trucksuit . 
  only russians discrminate !, 
  they not europeon . 
  source ?
