generally they mostly dissolved themselves through inner wars and disputes or went into more or less legit businesses , but a crown witness called masa was no small part of the equation . 
  who says it 's going to stop at 5,000 ? 
  the numbers have been growing with no sing of stopping . 
  he 's probably quoting one of the smuggler 's pamphlets he got . 
  yes we do and we ai n't buyin no more . 
  diversity is only good if you can keep it in check and exploit it . 
  shit hits the fan fast , once trouble starts a-brewin . 
  this part of the world is sure turbulent , we would know something about this . 
  suddenly it 's not inhumane and facist . 
  the people 's stance has n't changed . 
  it 's our prime cunt that always leaned towards yes , she made that clear everytime she opened her stupid mouth in regard to immigrants . 
  she knows she 's done for , but apparently there 's something in it for her in this outcome . 
  before civic platform is going to loose spectacularly , our pm hopes to earn some merkel points which then she 'd be able to return for a job in euro-whatever . 
  the detachment between the media and the people is humongous here . 
  who is going to conduct the , uhh ... selection ? 
  how are the immigrants are going to be selected ? 
  what will be the justification for some people to go to germany or poland ? 
  ca n't have cake and eat cake . 
  it 's either welfare state or open borders . 
  please forward any complaints regarding mods , to r/europemeta where they can be conveniently ignored . 
  thank you for your cooperation . 
  * it has also given me a complete hatred for danish and hungarian people on reddit . 
  every danish and hungarian user on that subreddit had been complete awful cunts for the past 2 months , and they 've managed to be more hateful and racist than the average turks * ~ norrisobe peace and understanding brought to you by your friendly , exemplary , brigadist mod . 
  from my experience the only way to successfully integrate a group of people is to not congregate them in one place . 
  make them feel like a desperate child learning it 's first language , it will have no refuge in old culture and would have to absorb new customs . 
  such person will tread carefully , not boss around , and become a indistinguishable member of the society eventually . 
  otherwise we 're creating malm\u00f6s . 
  so you will adjust yourself to their demands . 
  0 hard feelings . 
  besides tiniest bit of common sense ? 
  [ this source in polish which quotes an interview given to hungarian tv station about apprehending 29 migrants with one of them being confirmed terrorist ] ( http://www.rmf24.pl/raport-fala-uchodzcow/najnowsze-fakty/news-na-granicy-zatrzymano-29-migrantow-w-tym-jednego-terroryste,nid,1887250 ) many isis videos with threats to the `` nation of the cross '' about conquering rome etc. 
  also , it 's not like we 're not hearing reports from spain , germany about apprehending wanted radicals . 
  i do n't collect every report . 
  pretty sure some are on the front page of r/europe at time time of writing . 
  whillist you 're not being unreasonable , why would you even doubt that ? 
  is n't it obvious that it 'll be much easier for islamic state 's combatants to infiltrate europe among masses who forcibly storm through the police 's hands ? 
  it 's hard to imagine a better opportunity . 
  sadly , a border control on the outer edges of the eu must but strict as it has never been . 
  sounds great !, 
  so if the immigrants are all nice and dandy , they contribute more to the economy and do n't put a strain on it at all , if 5 % muslim population is not a lot ( lol ) , if they are all top of the class non violent engineers with 0 % risk of any terrorists infiltrating amongst them , then ... what 's with the fucking quotas of redistributing them like some slave brokers ?!, 
  just the existence of this program by itself disproves this video and obviously points to the fact that they will be a nuisance . 
  you mean a germany ca n't deal with hordes of well educated , easily assimilable women and children ? 
  you wan na talk ? 
  get in nice orderly line and present legit papers proving your identity , and story which will be then verified by intelligence agencies . 
  a good first step reflective of your intentions and proving you 're willing to follow the law . 
  do not pound your feet on the gate a shout allahu akbar . 
  we do n't need you . 
  we have enough of such engineers of our own . 
  there 's been a piece of text that circulated polish internet some time ago and went something like this : * imagine a german , who after work in polish factory near berlin , goes by polish car to polish supermarket in his town and buys polish groceries . 
  a market which is exempt from paying taxes in germany by the german goverment . 
  this german does not earn much , has a loan in polish bank and somehow ties one end with the other . 
  many of his colleagues emigrated to poland . 
  they work in greenhouses , and construction sites . 
  his female friends either pick strawberries or take care of the elderly in poland . 
  german politicians say that emigration is good cause it gives germans a chance . 
  * sounds like german nightmare but substitute german with polish and you have polish reality . 
  people already feel pushed to the limit and life is more expensive that it was decade ago despite , us earning more . 
  so when they hear they will have to pay for someone else 's mess , and one which could 've been easily avoided at that , they come out to the streets . 
  it 's hard for the poor to be empathetic for the rich . 
  the media will have a field day with all the limbless bodies . 
   a refugee is a person who is outside their home country because they have suffered ( or feared ) persecution on account of race , religion , nationality , or political opinion ; because they are a member of a persecuted social category of persons ; or because they are fleeing a war so it 's not a person who : will be picky about their place of future residence , will most likely not own samsung galaxy or have a nice fashionable haircut , brand new clothes , casually play soccer with his fellow `` refugees '' , will not demand 100 euros a day or threaten to go back to their country of origin ( supposed hell ) if their demands are not met . 
  overall i just find it suspicious how , in vast majority , those who are persecuted on account of race , religion , nationality , or political opinion ; because they are a member of a persecuted social category of persons ; or because they are fleeing a war , are vastly males in the prime of their lives . 
  legitimate refugees , are intertwined with blokes who are not in danger and who simply want more money . 
  throwing everyone into the refugee bag puts those in true misery in negative light casted by those who reenact dantesque scenes on the european streets . 
  why would n't it ? 
  also , it 's time to drop the term `` refugee '' by now . 
  [ it 's no switzerland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmzvdhmr8a4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=112 ), 
  i didi n't notice . 
  i guess they , meaning megathreads , did their job well then . 
  why not the 6th one though ? 
  same goes for russia . 
  russia is often discussed here and i do n't feel comfortable with the way the discourse is being conducted in those topics , not to mention , the ideas discussed , contradict my beliefs . 
  ban it !, 
  i mean , megathread it !, 
  when will greece finally get 's it 's own megathread ? 
  i 'm not interested in this topic and the comments often lead to a flamewar on a national background . 
  * wink , wink , nudge , nudge *, 
  they need to be as specific as possible and require every detail in order to apprehend them , but at the same time , editors are forced to be as vague as they can . 
  i keep seeing squares on reddit as of late . 
  am i missing some plugin or something ? 
  because they always get their way . 
  i 'm actually curious . 
  victim says otherwise . 
  euro funds were agreed upon before hand ( unlike bankruptcy ) and each party knew what they were getting themselves into . 
  and it is not wierd that the former communist block country , with the largest area and biggest population , would be granted the most , formerly agreed upon , funds . 
  ( not to come off as a supporter of the euro funds , i think they 're humiliating ) . 
  it is simply indecent to ask the poor to pass on the hat and gather money only so that the rich could maintain his lifestyle after he fuck up . 
  two years ago my 68 year old father had to work for the equivalent of 45 euro cents an hour , for 12 hours everyday , including weekends , because he had no choice , his retirement money was n't enough . 
  year later he lost his `` job '' and now , both me and my brother try to scoop money each month so that our parents could somehow live . 
  there is a point to the eurozone , there are benefits as well as risks . 
  we 're not reaping the benefits thus we will not reap the misfortunes , not only because we 're not obliged to but because we 're already worse off than greeks . 
  [ praca praca ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9qfn-odgwm ), 
  seriously ... have you ever been so horny you made a thread about it on r/europe ? 
  the government should do something about it . 
  i have no personal experiences with chechens but from what i 've heard was n't positive at all unfortunately . 
  since 39, 
  i 'm not in the mood for writing nor i consider myself expert on komorowski 's past , and even if i were , nothing i would write would prove to be conclusive as nothing in this case is set in stone . 
  intricacies in this matter , equal those , presented in the movie `` tinker , tailor , soldier , spy '' , and involve ** a lot ** of acronyms . 
  it 's all just speculation , suspicion etc. 
  which president himself is n't very helpful at disparaging .
