because the no campaign have been spouting the same shit about currency as their only defence in the entire debate , but even without a currency union there are a number of options available to us . 
  apart from that , all westminster is trying to shove down our throats is fearmongering , empty promises of more powers for scotland which they ca n't even specify , and stories about how ` great and powerful and amazing ' the union is . 
  the union is broken , we 've been on the shit end of the stick along with wales and ni for too long and we want out , we want to do our own thing . 
  much like any unhappy marriage, 
  well to be honest , most people over here who talk to canadians usually do think they are american , until they get corrected . . 
  there is n't much difference except for a couple dodgy words like ` aboot ' , the flag , and ice hockey . 
  and please do n't lecture me on being british . 
  your logic is insinuating that northern irish people should be called british and are not irish . 
  the british empire started through the union of our 2 countries on the island of britain , and since the empire reached it 's peak and dissolved throughout that time , finally leaving just 4 territories in the aftermath , including the original two , it follows that the ` british ' identity either lives on through a social union between scotland and england , or it dies altogether . 
  the english do n't have a monopoly on britain , since scotland contributed just as much to that legacy . 
  that , and the fact that the union jack would n't look so pretty without the saltire . 
  i have no problem being identified as scottish , in fact i welcome it more than i do being british . . but for many scot 's here , being british is more important than their scottish identity , so to try and take that away from them and use it exclusively for england because of a political break up is demoralising and a tad insulting considering the effort the scots put into the creation of the identity . 
  you 're kidding me right ? 
  scottish anti-english attitudes are actually based upon something legitimate . 
  type in ` scottish oppression of england ' and see how many results you get . 
  then reverse the two . 
  scottish people in favour of independence are looking to break away from the political shambles of the uk , not from their british identity . 
  you have no idea what will and will not happen , so best to not make assurances that might not stick . 
  especially since it could cause a domino effect for the rest of your precious ` british ' union to campaign for their own independence . 
  so once england is the only country left in the uk , is it still the uk ? 
  if you tried to claim that only english people were british if that happened you 'd get laughed out of the room . 
  anyway , got shit to do and people to see , no need to reply to this if you expect a quick response . 
  i will have a british passport for the next 9 years at least . 
  in fact i might even have a scottish passport and a british passport for a few years before my british one expires . 
  i 'm right though are n't i ? 
  i like many english people , and do n't like others . 
  just as i like many scottish people , and do n't like others . 
  it depends entirely on their attitude towards me . 
  historically the english attitude towards scot 's as a collective has n't been great in case you had n't heard , but on this occasion you suggested trying to take away the national identity of many scot 's who define themselves as british , whose ancestors have been british since even before the act of union , just because the political system of the uk is broken apart ? 
  yeah you could say i have some anger towards some english people . . specifically you in this case . 
  scot 's have just as much right to the term ` british ' as english . . 
  i would n't be surprised if that was part of the negotiations to re-evaluate that term . 
  and you do n't know for sure what the ruk will still be called , do n't be so sure everything 's gon na stay the same without us , 
  thank you . 
  this is the point i 'm trying to stress . 
  the term british in a ` uk ' sense either includes scot 's , or does n't include any of the uk member nations . 
  if post referendum its known as ` the united kingdom of england , wales and ni ' then it ceases to be the united kingdom of ` great britain ' because that is a reference to the fucking island of great britain , of which scottish people are from . 
  type in ` british ; define ' on google , and it says `` relating to great britain or the united kingdom , or to its people or language . '', 
  see the `` or '' there ? 
  it is a very loose term , and refers to ` its people ' , from ` great britain ' . 
  scottish people have every right to identify themselves as british . 
  the rest of the uk should be identifying themselves either as british with us , or as a uk citizen against us . . 
  without scotland there is no britain . 
  we are just as much a part of the uk as english people are . 
  if we leave the union of the uk , we break that union . 
  the uk we know it does n't exist . 
  however i was born in britain , have been a ` british citizen ' all my life , and when the uk splits up i will still be british and scottish . 
  the uk is a nation state . . therefore my nationality will be scottish just as english peoples will be english . 
  but i was born in , have been a citizen of , and will continue to be from the island of britain therefore have absolutely every single right to class myself as british . 
  i was born a british citizen , so was my family . 
  regardless of the referendum my family and i , and anyone else who chooses to do so will class themselves as british citizens if they bloody well like . 
  trust an englishman to try and prevent scot 's from taking claim to anything they class as theirs . 
  this referendum will break up the union of the united kingdom , therefore the united kingdom as it has been since its conception will cease to exist . 
   if you 're a british citizen , you 're british . 
  it 's as simple as that really . 
  so by that token , an english person living in scotland who then gains scottish citizenship after the referendum is no longer english ? 
  or british ? 
  how about if an australian gains us citizenship . . is he no longer australian ? 
  again let me stress this . . the term ` british citizen ' is used as a referral to the sovereign state of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the entity that gives out the passports . 
  ` great britain ' is the island made up of scotland , england and wales . 
  northern irish can call themselves uk citizen 's and can hold a ` british passport ' because they are part of the union , but they can also hold an irish passport because they are from the island called ireland . 
  scotland makes up a very significant part of the island of great britain , therefore after a political break up of the union , we would still be part of the island of great britain therefore we would be british . 
  by your logic , if scotland were to break from the uk , there wouldnt be any more uk because the uk was formed through the binding of scotland and england . 
  saying we cant be called british any more because apparently its a term that is solely for uk citizens means you cant call yourself british either , because without scotland , the uk ceases to exist . 
  look on a map . 
  you will see this island is called ` great britain ' . 
  a political breakaway of one country in the sovereign state of the uk will not break this island in half last time i checked . 
  oh by the way , good luck telling a bunch of scottish people who have lived their entire lives as ` british ' that they are n't allowed to call themselves that any more . 
  if you had n't noticed , we do n't like english people telling us what we can and cant do . . kinda the entire point of this referendum . 
  you are confusing british citizen with uk citizen . 
  britain is the place . 
  much like how north america comprises of usa , canada and mexico . 
  canadians , however rare could refer to themselves as ` north american ' if they choose to . 
  or like an example that someone mentioned elsewhere about scandinavia . 
  my uk passport runs out in 2023 and will still be valid until then even after we gain independence . 
  i am from the island called britain , meaning i am british . 
  i would no longer ( after 2023 ) be a citizen of the united kingdom , but i will still be just as british as i was before the referendum . 
  considering there has been a 22 point increase in the polls for the yes campaign to actually be ahead for the first time ever by 2 points , it is only gaining traction . . the no campaign has just been fucking up week after week with their arguments and pushing people away . . they will be getting desperate now , and desperation almost always breeds stupidity in terms of lies and schemes . . 
  there is a very good chance of a yes vote . . indicated by the polls it is either 50/50 or slightly more for the yes camp . 
  if scotland gains it 's independence it will still make up the northern half of the island called ` britain ' . 
  we would still be british . 
  we would just cease to be part of the political nation state of ` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ' . 
  was just wondering if you were a highland chap and the sentiment might have been more strong up there against the term, 
  whereabouts are you from ? 
  i do n't think ` most ' scots would view it as condescending , maybe only a handful and more so when an englishman uses it , but that 's more to do with thinking everything the english says to us is condescending i suppose . . 
  i wouldnt say its really derogatory , to me its like calling someone a scouser or a paddy . . 
  i 've got jock in my username in reference to being scottish . . 
  we joined the eec ( the predecessor of the eu ) in the early 70 's , around the 10th country to do so out of the now 30 or so countries . . the eu that we know today was formed in 1993 from the eec , however we have opted out on using the currency among a lot of other shite that i cant be bothered getting into but i 'm sure its on the wiki page , pretty boring read if you ask me !, 
  scotland is pro-eu , but we need to gain independence before we can even think about negotiating our eu position . . and since a good proportion of the uk want separation from the eu , there would be no point from the no campaign to try and argue that if we gain independence we wont get into the eu when there is a referendum on the uk leaving in just 4 years time , it would be utter hypocrisy . . thats part of the reason it isnt the biggest issue , since trading with the eu is done from outside the eu from yourselves and other countries , however it will have something to do with the fact that as a member state , people can live and work anywhere in the eu without having to apply and qualify for a visa . . 
  i am not 100 % on the nato argument , that 's another thing we will have to review but as i said the first hurdle is actually attaining independence . . the referendum is on the 18th of this month but it wont be for another 18 months that the cut is actually made . . this buffer period would be when negotiations and preparations for all of these issues will be made by the scottish government, 
  scotland is already part of the eu , and has been for quite a while . . we 're also excused from using the euro in lieu of the pound , and have been for quite a while . . all under the guise of the uk . 
  given that we 're already in , negotiations will probably go smoothly and we would be given a fast track membership since all of the infrastructure is already in place , and free reign to keep using the pound if we are granted the currency union since our central bank would still be the bank of england . . however it 's not really that big of an issue . . one of the leading parties who have propped up in the past couple years `` ukip '' or united kingdom independence party is actually lobbying to leave the eu , with a referendum for that issue coming up in 2018 . 
  membership into the eu is not really crucial , as seen by many successful countries outwith the eu such as the scandinavian countries , who are of similar size and population to us . 
  it 's a secondary argument, 
  it 's alright it 's easy to see how people would think that from overseas , i 've met many americans ( even a few canadians surprisingly , considering their scottish population ) who were unaware that scotland was even part of the uk !, 
  but yes its a very unbalanced system that we have , and the only real argument against independence is the debate on currency . . scotland could choose to go for a number of currency options such as a formal currency union to keep the pound , an informal union ( sterlingisation ) , using the euro ( least likely option probably ) or creating a new currency , floating or pegged on to another . . the stance of the scottish government is that they want to negotiate a formal currency union , however we could be denied this by the rest of the uk as another form of ` punishment ' for leaving . . this would be a stupid move though , as we are their second largest importer after yourselves in the usa , so they would be ` cutting off their own nose in spite of their face ' as our deputy first minister said in the debate not 5 hours ago !, 
  i didnt say screwed , i said shafted . . basically means we 're being overlooked and taken advantage upon because yes , as you say voting is done according to population , but since the uk is a nation of nations , and scotland 's population is 5 million ( but has 35 % of the landmass of britain , and has a majority stake in valuable resources such as clean energy , oil , food and drink markets etc ) whereas the population of england is topping 60 million plus , it means that scotland for the past 50 years or so has n't received the government it has voted for ( except on 2-3 occasions at most ) . 
  the divide between the rich and poor in the uk is disgusting and ever growing , and scotland 's vote has very little to no influence in the uk government therefore doesnt have the power to change these issues , but it would have with a vote for independence, 
  hell yes . . to put it simply we 've basically been shafted by our own government in favour of keeping londoners rich ever since thatcher .
