  hahah fuck off man you 're making me want to kill myself . 
  i am looking at the weather report and it is seriously a cloud everyday for 10 days straight and half of the days have rain aswell ... oh and i have a greek mother and i 've been in greece basically every summer in my life so you can bet i 'm getting out of here in half a year ^ ^, 
  i have n't seen the sun in like 3 days :(, 
  you must be really bad at feelings . 
  people are afraid , stop making fun of them please, 
  completely agree, 
  interesting how this myth of scandinavians being super suicidal is true even in ukraine , where the suicide rate is much higher haha cool to see they have such positive views though !, 
  sadly , if the roles were reversed i think we 'd see much more negativity ... 
  usually those that go to eastern europe from western europe to study medicine are those who ca n't get in at home, 
  cold , dark , depressing, 
  no ... it is due to the fact that the left block , that rules my municipality , does not want competition in the field of raising children ( which is what my mum does ) , so they make it extra hard for anyone who wants to do it differently ... 
  my municipality went the other way , and forced my mother to start working 10 hour weekdays instead , else they would not renew her license allowing her to run her own business . 
  so yeah , real progressive place, 
  do n't be like that man we diaspora kids do the same in sweden , not just in america . 
  why 'd it be bad to be proud of your roots, 
  ah that makes sense actually !, 
  aha , interesting that 75 % of greeks feels it important to have been born in the country to be a true citizen cause in my experience as long as you have like 1 grandfather that is greek theyre all like `` omg a greeeeek '' :d, 
  my mum did like you , your children will grow resentment for germany and hate that you never taught them greek, 
  and why 'd they do that, 
  why are there locals shouting at their own soldiers ? 
  does n't make sense ? 
  haha , our supposedly neutral state media has 70 % of their workers voting for 2 parties , the two left parties ... 
  if that is the status on , what i must admit is still the least biased journalism in the country , you can imagine the rest . 
  i do n't trust a single word coming from a swedish journalists mouth and have stopped consuming swedish media alltogether, 
  if they want to let them who gives a shit, 
  is n't that the tories ? 
  lol , and girls feeling afraid when they are walking past loud , large gangs of men are dimwitted aswell ? 
  same logic, 
  the eastern churches have such a beautiful way of worshipping , i love it !, 
  iran/persia has always been a centre of learning and arts tbh , and it shows today aswell , i do n't think i 've ever met an iranian here who was n't about to educate him/herself, 
  i think there is some confusion regarding what people think northeners stereotypes of lazy southerners are . 
  the stereotype is n't as much that southerners never work , but rather that they screw around and do jack shit whilst they are working, 
  yeah , best buckle up , we 've got a rough future ahead ... 
  and trump does n't stand a chance either, 
  i remember being puzzled by it also whilst reading the bible but i think it 's a symbol of the pact that god made with abraham or something , and it is to show god they still honour that pact, 
  hmm , yes , `` denied asylum seekers '' or something would 've been a better wording . 
  is there any way to change the tite ? 
  they are introducing several new measures to make the process of deporting people easier for the police , mostly bureacratic stuff , but also some more concrete things like allowing them to raid workplaces without having a permit , lowering the age of when they are allowed to use fingerprints to identify people , further increasing the `` inner border controls '' , building more `` storage places '' for migrants and making it easier to put them there etc etc also they presented numbers that migrants leaving the country has almost doubled this year compared to last with over 14000 migrants leaving the country . 
  this coupled with about 19000 new arrivals creates an influx of 5000 people only so they are pretty happy with the results of their new immigration policies last autumn, 
  shut up , donald trump is like jesus compared to erdogan, 
  we score very low in the 10 % category aswell though , so i 'm not sure that theory is holding up, 
  i can only give anecdotes but a few days ago i overheard your typical `` immigrant male gang '' talking in the supermarket , and they were talking about refugees and how they had stormed some shop or something . 
  `` they 're like animals , absolutely wild '' `` so fucked up , this situation is so out of hand '' etc etc this happens all the time . 
  in the 50s/60s the finns were the crazy immigrants , then it was the greeks/turks , then it was the yugos , then the arab/african 2nd generationers , now it is the refugees turn to be the new thing to hate on, 
  you joke but sd has a real shot at becoming the largest party next year and immigrants very much vote for them . 
  do you think yugos , greeks , poles etc love the arabs that are coming ? 
  cool thanks !, 
  yeah my family is like that too , basically only goes to church on easter , but still consider us christians with icons , crosses around our necks etc i 'm not sure how it works in russia . 
  does everyone automatically become part of the russian orthodox church ? 
  and if so have all these atheists left it ? 
  i just find it interesting that there is such a great discrepancy betwen for example russia and greece , even though they seem similar in their religiousness , 
  yeah it 's a shame really , you were always a great counterweight to the french/german fetisches of being a superpower . 
  i fear anti federalism will be much weaker without the uk , and the eu will see you guys leaving as an opportunity to push farther with integration, 
  aha interesting !, 
  are atheists usually not part of the church ? 
  i know in greece it 's not like 90 % + are actually religious but everyone belongs to the church anyways, 
  why is the number so low in russia ? 
  i thought basically everyone there belonged to the russian orthodox church, 
   i 'll also volunteer to watch ballox boxes in my area . 
  awesome !, 
  you are doing a very important work , 
  takes one to know one mohaha, 
  really why not ? 
  it 's sweet , also makes people curious, 
  lol i do n't care about colonizing space , or humanity going forward ... 
  i want what is best for my family and nothing else, 
  in this particular case yeah since it 's mps voting, 
  does n't matter , the second america steps in the conflict is over, 
   but sweden is ? 
  seems a little far fetched . 
  swedes are n't competent enough to do anything  that 's fine . 
  but you 're not joining nato either . 
  do n't have to . 
  if russia would attack us they 'd surely have attacked a nato country before us = us bae helps us, 
  lol i do n't believe for a second europeans are competent enough to defend anything . 
  it would be discussion after discussion after discussion and eventually the uk or usa would be the ones stepping in anyways . 
  if we 'd want to join a military alliance we 'd join nato, 
  i meant anything pushing us closer into that direction , like for example sharing a military . 
  we could yeah but it 's easier to trade inside the single maret, 
  you 'll notice that in every poll about closer integration of the eu sweden is going to be one of the most sceptic . 
  i do n't know why you are all acting as if the goal of the eu is to create some retarded federation , when was it ever about that ? 
  we just want to trade and then be done with it, 
  yes , it 's the greek way to live, 
  haha come on it 's great !, 
  i voted no in the greek referendum just for the hell of it, 
  alaikum salaam brother !, 
   balls with legs what on earth does that expression even mean ? 
  oh i know now !, 
  almonds !, 
  oh god that gave me some nostalgia goosebumps lol, 
  thanks for the input sven, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.arkitekturupproret.se/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/image.jpg ) is being built in my fathers hometown as we speak !, 
  it does here , cause it gives me street cred with the yugos, 
  yah sorry m8 you 're stuck in the balkans with the rest of us : ), 
  nah that 's just yugoslavia . 
  balkans is bulgaria , albania , romania , moldavia , greece aswell, 
  ok you scandi donkey, 
  well good riddance, 
  lol i still remember watching the state channels coverage of the election in 2014 and the woman openly crying because a right wing party had made gains . 
  imagine that being the only outlet you have it 's not even a discussion tbh , media here is left leaning .
