  they are not even denying it themselves . 
  most people are generally fine with it tho so i guess it 's ok, 
  trust me , they wo n't lol, 
  as long as it 's in written form it 's just like reading swedish , 
  lol who was the commenter ? 
  the comment is removed now , is it the leandros diaspora american guy ? 
  haha wow looks exactly like at my cousins house !, 
  us kicks most of our asses lol, 
  certainly rekt me there sven, 
  they do n't even realize it is this way . 
  there is a greater difference in unemployment between immigrants/non immigrants in sweden than between whites/blacks in the us . 
  your problem took centuries to create , our decades , yet they barely see the problem in this . 
  `` hmm yeah that 's fucked up ... '' * proceed to change the subject *, 
  i live in a supposedly good part of stockholm . 
  yesterday we had a gang of 10-12 youth walking around smashing all the bus stops in town . 
  police came and arrested one , then left and the gang went right back to smashing . 
  wtf is your point ? 
  just because you choose not to see the problems does n't mean there are n't any, 
  to others it really looks like you are tbh, 
  hmm i think 've taken over this province in eu4, 
  yes, 
  nah , it 's centuries of murdering other people biting you in the ass , 
  are we sure that these results that might look socially conservative are just that though ? 
  i mean , i do n't think i 've ever heard a right winger ( sans actual nazis , who are like 0,1 % of the population ) want to infringe on free speech , is n't it more likely that these people wanting to infringe on such things have their home on the left ? 
  pls no, 
  no you force others to give through their taxes . 
  if you want to give then give do n't make the rest of us pay aswell, 
  why are you writing all the names of the cities in such a weird way ? 
  who gives a fuck about swedes lol i 'd gladly see the samis have their land back, 
  this a million times over . 
  if we 'd want people to respect our culture as we respect others , would n't we force them too ? 
  ergo = we do n't give a fuck . 
  i sure do n't, 
  you took the place , you never built it , you have zero claim to it . 
  absolutely none . 
  is it ever going to be with its original owners ? 
  doubt it very much, 
  i mean no , it belongs to the patriarchate of constantinople , not all of humanity, 
  21 years or anti turkish nationalism friendo, 
  denmark was stronk back in the days , 
  yes very different . 
  nationalists are kinda social democratic in nature , just without all the multikulti, 
  not yet son , have patience !, 
  nationalists here tend to be anti nato , pro nato is mostly a liberal thing . 
  nationalists want us to beef up the defences and stand on our own legs ( with like , finland maybe ), 
  russia is like the anti sweden though , culturally . 
  militarily , you are a superpower very close to our borders that used to act aggressively , and in our history classes we 've read about several wars with you . 
  not so strange that you 'd become our `` arch enemies '' , i mean who else ? 
  denmark sure but they are our best buds now, 
  no one really wanted to move in the 50s/60s/70s either , everyone were always talking about how depressed they were and how they were returning soon . 
  yet here we are , still a big diaspora in the north, 
  are really orthodox churches becoming more popular here ? 
  atleast my church , greek orthodox , is pretty ethnic based so i 'd imagine it 'd be difficult for swedes to feel like they belong . 
  i think the non denominational and other ethnic ( like syrian catholic , assyrian churches ) etc are the only ones growinh, 
  protestants gon na protest, 
  greek diaspora is pretty enormous m8 ^ ^, 
  depends who they are answering . 
  79 year old rolf steiner and 33 year old eva saying they 'd fight for their country does n't mean much, 
  well like all nationalistic countries we 've been subjugated for a loooong time, 
  fk u traitor greece strong turkey gaylords, 
  you guys are almost as shit on integration as we are lol , i 've been to birmingham, 
  did i ever say he had good climate policies ? 
  it always does that whenever a new administration takes over . 
  do n't fall for the propaganda please, 
  condoms suck , they make it way less enjoyable, 
  oh that 's awful , i hope the student is alright !, 
  then they 're pretty good immigrants !, 
  balkan people usually make very nice immigrants tbh ( granted i am biased ), 
  many of you are misunderstanding me . 
  i 'm saying you ca n't just expect people to play nice and change because it is the respectful thing to do when you move to a new country . 
  it 's such a weak mindset to have . 
  i 'm all for forceful assimilation and if that does n't work then repatriation, 
  of course it works . 
  if you like my mother choose to kinda flee your family , move town and marry a local . 
  think all these women are going to do so ? 
  the amount of people from these types of cultures are simply too many to integrate , they do n't need to anymore , and since they are the only ones kinda growing in our societies how is it going to be them adapting to us and not the other way around ? 
  no mate it saddens me that you are even surprised , because that means jack shit is going to happen about it . 
  there is no such thing as universal rights lol it 's a fetish westerners came up with to feel morally superior . 
  there is no racism of lower expectations here , i was born of an immigrant from a tiny shithole of a village where they shout at women for being outside at night , i know these cultures . 
  there simply is no will to be like us , the question then is what do we do about it ? 
  yes i too find it despicable . 
  i get that it 's hard to imagine because you 're from a very liberal culture but these guys think you and i are the despicable disgusting people . 
  they 're not going to start acting like us , you kinda need to understand that , you being so outraged about them just following their own culture saddens me a bit, 
  well you understood my point, 
  why should they ? 
  they do n't like you and do n't have to . 
  would you put your wife in a bhurka just because you moved to saudi arabia ? 
  hehehe someone has n't been to greece, 
  hehe , here adidas is becoming high fashion, 
  `` rain city '' yeah that place is scary when it rains, 
  haha jo, 
  yeah no me neither , i mostly go to visit relatives on holidays . 
  do n't spread misinformation on the internet tho , it 's gay, 
  depends on your definition of best , 
  lol m8 i am greek i know exactly how swedish people behave in greece and turkey . 
  why are your questioning this , do n't you think i know a little more of the sex tourism of my own country ? 
  people go to greece/turkey to party and sleep around for a week or two , people go to thailand and ghambia ( although not to the same extent , there are like a billion thais more with old ugly swedish guys than africans with old ugly swedish girls here ) to either buy prostitutes or convince the locals to come home with them because they are poor . 
  only gambia is really the same kind of sex tourism as with guys and thailand, 
  mia is god, 
  is it true that alexandros is considered old fashioned ?
