no i do n't mean kurds were the invaders , i was just listing up different ethinicities/religious groups that has a reason to see turks as oppressors and invaders, 
  i just chose cyprus because it 's the most recent example and because i did n't feel like writing down all the millions of atrocities and injusticies the turks have been reponsible for during the ages , wth is wrong with you, 
  i know this country is shit already , let 's not pretend yours is n't also, 
  nooo . 
  certainly no one has a reason to think of turks as oppressors and invaders . 
  especially not the greeks , armenians , assyrians , cypriots , kurds , yazidis , serbs , bulgarians or croations . 
  genocide does n't real either apparently, 
  haha ok mr two enormous islamic terror attacks on domestic soil the last year, 
  cyprus doesnt real apparently, 
  america is the shit . 
  europe has its good parts too ( greece ) but , america man , they do stuff over there . 
  when we discuss in absurdum how to be more smug and ineffective , then shout at eachother for that thing that happened 300 years ago , americans send people to space and invades countries and make movies and shit theyre just so damn cool, 
  in greece ? 
  well who is winning ? 
  yeah no thank you, 
  well i 'd have to disagree . 
  take the recent migrant crisis for example , extorted by almost all of the middle east, 
  yeah but we are pussies compared to the us and he 'll get away with everything, 
  i see , cool !, 
  i do n't think many people here would know about them though, 
  never heard of them , wait who did italy get independence from ? 
  i mean i do n't blame them , who really trusts the eu to pull through with an army anyways ? 
  from the looks of it , one ... 
  because this `` just ignore the idiots '' attitude never work . 
  most of us will just scoff this off as turkey being retarded , but then as you say it will find its way into the mind of 10 vulnerable diaspora turks and viola , you have 10 new people thinking they are oppressed and turning against their own state , and the turkish ministry of justice will do it again and again and again . 
  trust me on this , i was fed similar propaganda my whole life . 
  i do n't know what but just once i 'd like to see them being called out on their bullshit and not get away with it, 
  i do n't think that you can point to one single event in history and say `` this is what caued todays situation '' , but rather that many different things contribute to it . 
  as you say , the yugoslav wars certainly had a large effect on those countries , as did communism with romania . 
  what i think is most significant regarding all these countries is that , due to for so much of their history being subjected to tyrant overlords , there really is a huge sentiment of the state not being there for them , but rather to control them . 
  i get this all the time when i visit my family in greece , there is an astonishing difference regarding how us swedish born talk about authority , the police , and the government compared to how the greek born talk about it . 
  and not just in the sense that `` our government is more effective than that '' , but regarding the fundamental purpose of government . 
  and when you have such enormous mistrust between people and state this is a perfect recipe for corruption , because it 's not like the people would expect anything else from the government anyways . 
  dude , the only thing that comes close to things like genocide of armenians , greeks and assyrians is the bengal famine , the rest happens with any empire, 
  also regarding the balkans , when `` the state '' for 400 years were foreign occupiers who stole your children , raped your children and built strange places of worship on your grounds , a general suspicion of authority etches itself in the collective minds of the people . 
  not get rid of their culture completely of course , we still eat mainly greek food , celebrate orthodox easter , go to greece almost every summer etc. 
  just the language part really , and i was baptized in the swedish church ( which i left 5 years ago ) . 
  kinda wish they 'd taught it when i was younger but of course then i had no interest haha ah thank you , 
  was born here mate , not so easy to just uproot and leave especially seeing todays situation . 
  was n't even taught greek at home because my parents wanted to assimilate , so i suck at it . 
  still a dream of mine tho , 
  because i want the best possible future for my family , my closest friends , for my girlfriend and future children , those are the ones i am trying to protect and create the best possible life for , and i believe that their future is better living in a rich country with good opportunities for them . 
  the rest of the world are not my family and so they are not my responsibility to provide for . 
  alright , well i do n't agree and i do n't want that . 
  you should create a federation with the whole world then i guess , why stop with europe ? 
  what ? 
  because there is absolutely nothing to gain for us . 
  trade and stuff by all means but why the hell would i exchange my sovereigneity to be a miniscule part of a federation ? 
  only very few people in the nordics want some sort of federation, 
  i could not care less about this culture i am not swedish ethnic anyways , but i can not see any good reason to be in a federation with countries poorer , more corrupt and less efficient than mine , there is seriously nothing to gain for us, 
  yeah no thank you, 
  wtf ? 
  it was sold as a trade union in the nordics and thats all there is to us , who 'd want to be part of a federation, 
  bah i deep down kinda want to be drafted and sent to fight the turks , it is crazy how romanticized war is because i know i 'd regret it day 1, 
  phew !, 
  anyone know if the greek army would draft citizens abroad if turkey attacked ... ? 
  what do you mean had, 
  yes yes very good !, 
  take your complimentary ikea bag on the way out, 
  well , most countries have that kind of tax do n't they ? 
  lol , talk about getting served marocko, 
  i do n't know , i just like christian arabs that 's all . 
  perfect people to start a family with, 
  christian arabs = good , muslim arabs = bad, 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a proper conversation with a baltic person but if you say so i 'll take your word for it !, 
  no wait , an estonian once , and he was quite nice , but he had lived his whole life in sweden hmm, 
  ohh i see, 
  when was ceuta and melilla under attack ? 
  ( genuinely asking , i have no idea what you are talking about ), 
  of course not , do n't you see my flair ? 
  i am obviously somalian, 
  :( i just wanted to relate to my new iranian friend somehow and now people are calling me gay life is hard, 
  what are you on about m8, 
  hello iran , your women are very cute , please help me get together with this iranian in my class, 
  haha well they have pi rho gamma phi beta etc so i did some research and the russian alphabet is based on the greek one , who knew !, 
  that 's pretty close to the greek alphabet , cool, 
  yeah it 's kinda disgusting actually ... 
  yah womens volleyball when its not the olympics is not the most interesting stuff ^ ^ happy for the winners though !, 
   do n't they love you ? 
  shit like that is just unnecessary man . 
  i come from a culture more southern than yours and think that some swedes having to pay to stay with their own parents is absolutely insane , but just because we do n't understand their culture does n't mean we need to look down upon it . 
  nah , atleast not among immigrant population . 
  my cousin ( 25 ) lives with my grandparents and other cousin ( 24 ) who just had a child with a girl ( 20 ) , in a 2 bedroom apartment . 
  although those 5 ( 6 ) are really getting at eachothers throats right now :p, 
  not sure why really . 
  very high youth unemployment rates , one of the worlds worst housing situations , high criminality rates , horrible education . 
  there are plenty better countries for young people than sweden, 
   fuck spain and catalonia , they are just whiny , poor bitches . 
  says the hungarian lel, 
  i fucking love greece, 
  swedish education is a complete joke, 
  eh , as kind a non swede having grown up here : it 's all just a fetish for you tbh, 
  bad yes but strong, 
  lol , being half swedish half greek is interesting in this aspect , i smoke more during my few weeks in greece every summer than i do the rest of the year in sweden , just because everyone else seems to be smoking, 
  i dont know man my fanily is from the north lf greece and they fry fucking everything down there , coupled with gyros , pastitsio every night and shit like pancakes for breakfast there isnt much of a meditarranean diet left over there ... 
  suppose its the same with the turks, 
  i am not born in greece just to a greek mother so i am not super knowledgeable about all that goes on in greece, 
  what is it theyre talking about in the article re separation of church and state ? 
  as someone who belongs to and loves this particular church it is crazy that it should have such influence over the state . 
  church and state should be separated in a modern , secular society,
