  it wo n't add to the tax burden . 
  it will just be a transfer of revenue from the national governments to the federal government , and of course also a transfer of expenses . 
  [ somewhat related ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/everyone-in-middle-east-given-own-country-in-31700-36484 ), 
  this is also my view . 
  it 's much easier , and much better , to implement austerity during good economic times , and being able to spend one 's way out of the crisis . 
  this is partly what happened in ireland . 
  they , up until the crisis , had been reducing the debt to gdp ratio , and had been able to get it down to 25 % of gdp . 
  in 2013 , it was at 125 % . 
  sure , it went up a lot , and that 's because they were n't forced to implement as much austerity as portugal and greece , but now it 's is one of the fastest growing members of the ez and the eu . 
  in comparison , we can look at portugal . 
  up until the crisis , the former goverment had other priorities other than reducing the debt ( one of the mistakes they made , but not the biggest i assure you ) . 
  so , the debt kept on slowly rising ( along with our living standards , but that 's a side point in this crisis ) , and in 2008 , it was above 70 % of gdp . 
  then the crisis hit , and this government began implementing some austerity , but it simply was n't enough , which in 2011 led to the fall of the government , new elections where the ~ ~ center-left ~ ~ center-right party ( psd ) won , and the signing of the troika bailout ( by both the ruling party ( ps ) and psd , the other parties chose not to be associated with it ) . 
  from 2011 on , austerity got harsher , and many even claim the government went over what the troika asked for . 
  as a result , the economy suffered . 
  as a result of this austerity , the debt levels stabilized in 2013 at about 130 % of gdp , but growth prospects were n't the best . 
  while the irish economy is set to grow at an above 3 % rate for some years now ( i think ) , the portuguese economy is set to grow at at most ~ 1.5 % of gdp . 
  in short : ireland : 25 % --  125 % . 
  strong growth . 
  sustainable debt . 
  portugal : 70 % --  130 % . 
  weak growth . 
  questionably sustainable debt . 
  greece : 105 % --  175 % . 
  default . 
   it 's all shades of left now . 
  and it has been so for decades . 
  today 's `` rightist '' `` conservatives '' are yesterday 's leftist progressives . 
  that 's because fdr revolutionized politics by making the biggest economy in the world into a social democracy , instead of not changing it from a laissez faire capitalist society . 
  it would now be unthinkable to go back to the times before fdr , because people 's living conditions were so bad in comparison . 
  but i 'll add another shift in the political spectrum : since the 1980 's with ronald reagan and margaret thatcher , politics have shifted to the right . 
  today , the center-left are social democrats , while the center-right are neoliberals . 
  before that , the center-left were socialists ( not communists or marxists , but a more extreme version of social democracy ) , and the center-right were social democrats . 
  at the time , both reagan and thatcher were not considered centrists by any means , but if they were alive today , they would be considered center-right ( or at most right-wing ) . 
  they were the original neoliberals . 
   the government , a coalition of a center party and center-right party haha that 's good one . 
   the government , a coalition of a center-right party and a right party ftfy . 
  edit : that 's a minor ( and probably honest ) mistake . 
  i 'll now post about the rest of the article . 
   people do n't pay attention to the `` productivity of debt '' as much as perhaps they should . 
  in good times , one euro of debt can generate more than one euro of economic growth . 
  however , once an economy hits the skids and starts taking on too much ( unproductive ) debt , that ratio becomes less than one . 
  there is a possibility that this is true . 
  but it 's far from the consensus . 
  in fact , there is no consensus . 
  so i would ask for the author to provide evidence for this . 
  first , to provide evidence that that `` productivity of debt '' decreases in economic crisis ( i actually do n't doubt this much , but we can never be sure without proper evidence ) , and second , to provide evidence that it decreases to values below 1 ( or below such a level where it is impractical to create more debt ) . 
   here 's what jos\u00e9 socrates , portuguese prime minister from 2005 to 2011 , had to say about the country 's financial situation , soon after leaving office :  `` for countries like portugal and spain , the idea that we now have to pay the debt is a childish idea . 
  sovereign debts , as it is taught in economics -- that 's what i have studied for some time -- are by definition eternal . 
  debts are to be managed . 
  that 's what i studied . 
  of course we should not let debt grow too much because that 's a burden on expenses ( ... ) '' . 
   yes . 
  they should be very concerned indeed . 
  and so should the rest of us . 
  i do n't see how this is something to be concerned about . 
  it 's true . 
  every country , no matter how rich , will always have debt , and it is beneficial to them that they do so . 
  socrates clearly said that the levels of debt should not be too high , and he did not say that debts should not be payed . 
  he was also always against restructuring or cutting the debt . 
  this last part just seems like fear-mongering . 
  - reform the pension system to be more balanced , giving more money to the less well off , and less to the richer folks . 
  - legalize adoption for gay couples ( no referendum , just a vote in parliament ) - create a ministry of the fight against corruption . 
  - simplify the tax system by removing many exemptions , and reduce the rates accordingly . 
  - end the ppps . 
  - stop issuing golden visas . 
  - make english mandatory since the 1st grade ( now it 's only since the 5th grade , and instead i think we have religious studies , which btw i think it 's fine ) . 
  - implement a collective bargaining system for all industries , and make the minimum wage slightly lower ( similar to nordic countries ) . 
  - extend unemployment benefits , and eventually make them perpetual , although decreased for the long term unemployed . 
  ( this would n't be possible now , but just an idea for the future ), 
  germany went down 5 places . 
  he was asking about that . 
  why is sweden so much different than the other northern countries in this respect ? 
  fair enough . 
  many redditors claim a lot that women cheat more than men , without ever providing a single bit of evidence . 
  when evidence of the contrary is presented , they find a way to twist it into something bad for women . 
  now they claim that women lie more than men . 
  again , without a single piece of evidence to present for it . 
  smh ... 
  the uk is not obliged to join the currency union , so it will never be part of a eu federation . 
  it 's in the article . 
   the allies deemed that enough to slaughter , not only the nazis , but germans . 
  not to mention systematically razing most of germany . 
   if this was considered a reasonable retaliation from nazi provocations . 
  maybe the slaughter of islamists en masse could also be considered reasonable . 
  what happened after the war was not acceptable , and it should not be used as an example of how to treat people even when they have done the worst crimes . 
   how did we fight nazis in world war 2 ? 
  just a history question . 
  we killed their soldiers because we were in a war with them . 
  and we were in a war with them because they started a war with poland . 
   they 're no threat to our superior leftism !, 
  as soon as they realize they 're racist and muh soggy nistic they 'll come around  we fight them with tolerance !!, 
   http://imgur.com/yvass9y stop circlejerking , and do n't bother replying . 
  do you also want to kill neo-nazis ? 
  every country has competitive and uncompetitive industries . 
  the uncompetitive industries do n't justify a protectionist policy , if that 's what you 're suggesting . 
  that 's why it would be good for moldova and ukraine to be in the union . 
  that way , they get agriculture subsidies and food becomes cheaper throughout the eu . 
  the us also irradiates employment , but we 're somewhat far away . 
  thank god for the azores .
