  i was talking about debt before the crisis , and why it was too high , which led to high debt levels now . 
  you mentioned , in the context of the statement `` but they had a debt to gdp ratio above 90 % during that period , '' the current debt of three countries which are in wildly different situations than that of greece . 
  i do n't know what was your point with that , so i just mentioned the current greek debt , which is much higher . 
   the european economists who created the euro said that it would work fine , dismissed the us critics . 
  who would n't ? 
  if they were to say : `` well , it does n't really work and we need a single fiscal policy to work . '', 
  do you think the people would accept that ? 
  people like the euro not because it 's good for the economy , but because they have a sense of european identity and it 's much easier to travel to other countries . 
  but if they knew it was n't good for the economy , they would n't have accepted it . 
  they had to be sold the illusion that they could have the cake and eat it too . 
  they were told the euro would work , and that they would get to keep their sovereignty in fiscal matters . 
  and they believed it . 
  but it 's not true . 
  for the euro to work economically , it either exists as a fiscal and therefore political union , or it does n't exist at all . 
   current us debt/gdp is ~ 100 % . 
  belgium is at ~ 106 % . 
  france is at ~ 95 % . 
  the current eurozone debt/gdp is ~ 92 % . 
  that 's current debt . 
  current greek debt is 175 % . 
   the greek debt levels were such an ` obvious problem ' , and yet from 1993 to 2006 greek 10 year bond yields fell from 24 % down to below 4 % . 
  that was because of the euro . 
  creditors thought that greece would be saved if there was a crisis . 
  they were wrong . 
   you keep repeating an irrelevant triviality . 
  yes if they had n't that much debt they 'd have had much less of a sovereign debt problem . 
  and they could have recovered from the crisis , as opposed to getting stuck in a recessionary spiral . 
   this does n't mean in anyway this was the problem , nor the aspect that really needs solving . 
  it is one of the aspects that needs solving , but i agree that it 's not the most important one . 
  the most important one is reforming the state to make it more efficient : reducing tax evasion , making bureaucracy faster and more simple , making generally better laws and regulations , etc. 
   in particular , it has nothing to do with sustainability of their growth which was n't debt fuelled ( unlike the portuguese growth before the crisis , which was ) . 
  like i said , it 's related to the graph . 
  the gdp did n't have to drop by 30 % . 
  the growth was sustainable , but the debt was too high , which did n't allow for a good recovery after the crisis . 
  the fact that the debt did n't rise in the years before the crisis does n't mean greece did n't overspend . 
  the debt was too high , and since they did n't reduce the deficit by much during that period , they did overspend . 
   the debt/gdp ratio had been flat since about 1994 . 
  so that 's 14 years of growth with flat debt/gdp . 
  so in that sense it is 14 years of sustained growth . 
  but they had a debt to gdp ratio above 90 % during that period . 
  if they had reduced the deficit somewhat , they would still have sustained growth , and they would have reduced its debt , like ireland . 
  part of the reasons why greece is close to defaulting and ireland has growth rates above 3 % for the next few years is because they did n't have debt before the crisis and were able to create debt to stimulate the economy . 
  meanwhile , greece ( and portugal ) made almost no efforts in reducing the high debt to gdp ratio ( greece 100 % , and portugal 70 % ) . 
  also , ireland implemented austerity before it was too late to do it without grave consequences to the economy , and they have a better bureaucracy than pretty much any other country in europe . 
  i agree with you that the growth since the mid 1990 's was not debt fueled , but i disagree with you that greece did n't overspend . 
  they should have been prepared for the crisis with a buffer zone , so that they could spend their way out of the recession without risking default . 
   the debt/gdp had been flat for a long time . 
  but it had been risen before the crisis hit , and that 's the point . 
  greece has had an above 3 % deficit since they first joined the eu in 1981 . 
  this has been good for the economy because of the increase in good infrastructure , the investment in education , etc. 
  but debt as a percentage of gdp was too high before the crisis ( 107 % in 2007 ) . 
   likewise other countries who were part of this crisis , if my memory does n't escape me ireland and spain , had a decreasing debt/gdp ratio . 
  ireland had a 25 % debt to gdp ratio , and it now has debt levels at about 120 % , which , with their high growth , are sustainable levels . 
  they were n't overspending before , so when the crisis hit , they had low debt levels and only had to apply light austerity . 
   not everyone agrees greece overspent well , i just think it 's pretty difficult to argue that it did n't , but i 'm sure some people disagree . 
  you 're technically correct . 
   and gdp growth is n't how you 'd show a country overspent . 
  i did not mean that . 
  i was n't implying it . 
  i was just stating it independently from , but related to , this graph . 
  can you add ireland and portugal to this graph ? 
  i think you 're trying to paint an unfair picture here . 
  sure , we all agree that greece overspent , but that does n't make it so that the gdp drop is a return to a normal situation . 
  italy is not having a good recovery either . 
  also , i hear that ireland , with lighter austerity policies than portugal and greece , is doing much better , with projected growth rates above 3 % in the next few years . 
  it 's unfair to compare the 3 biggest economies of the euro with greece , who has endured the harshest austerity policies in the union . 
  reddit in three lines :  everyone thinks is right over important issues and use fancy words and huge text posts to prove that . 
   get really mad and frustrating over a no-brain , highly questionable poll about countries hating/liking each other and try to explain the results with actual facts ...  that 's reddit ... 
  this article is quite biased and the general feeling behind it is `` fuck corporations , '' but at least they do n't hide it . 
  pinging / u/savannajeff . 
  are you in favor of the current isds mechanism , or do you want to reform it ? 
   there is no legal right for parents to abandon their children . 
  i was on the fence on this issue . 
  some good arguments here , some good there . 
  but this convinced me . 
  at the end of the day , both parents can choose to not have a child , even if it 's easier for women . 
  but when the child is born , or the fetus wo n't be aborted , the parents have an obligation to take care of it , be it by actually being there , or by paying child support . 
  i do n't know much about greece , but i would assume it 's similar to portugal . 
  their taxes are relatively low compared to the other countries i mentioned . 
  because of this , and because of tax evasion , they are not able to have a generous welfare system . 
  greece and portugal also do n't have as many worker protections as france , belgium and denmark . 
  / r/im14andthisisdeep vs. / r/iamverysmart, 
  [ ant\u00f3nio marinho e pinto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ant%c3%b3nio_marinho_e_pinto ) ( do n't bother clicking , it 's all here ) --  ant\u00f3nio de sousa marinho e pinto ( born september 10 , 1950 , in vila ch\u00e3 do mar\u00e3o , amarante ) is a portuguese lawyer and former journalist . 
  he was president of the portuguese bar association from 2008 to 2013 and is well known for his controversial speeches . 
  in 2014 , he ran for the election for the european parliament as main candidate for the earth party ( mpt ) and succeeded in being elected , along with the second candidate of the list , jos\u00e9 in\u00e1cio faria . 
  -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spnkonskjes my translation of ( almost ) everything he said in that video :  ... without a doubt , this one was : a young brazilian girl who sold away her virginity for 600 thousand euros . 
  and there was a chinese , or japanese man , who bought it . 
  but it 's not because of that , ** nowadays that is commonplace ** . 
  it 's that , the attorney general of brazil is accusing the young women of prostitution , and has initiated a process against her . 
  i 'm surprised because then i know - we know - that prostitution is a crime in brazil . 
  ** one of the things that brazil has been exporting more to portugal ~ ~ are ~ ~ is prostitutes ** , among other things . 
  * after all , prostitution is a crime . 
  this brings up a judicial problem that is very curious , that is knowing if that act in and of itself , the act of selling one 's virginity can be considered an act of prostitution in the sense that our laws have defined prostitution , more specifically in portugal 's legal code . 
  ... \\* - he said this as if it was an accepted fact , as you can see at the 0:33 mark in the video . 
  after he said that , the host laughed a bit and the other guests also did a bit later because it was really stupid and ridiculous . 
  edit : ups , though it was about the ep , but it 's basically the same . 
  it 's easy to imagine , how the center-right can influence france at an european level if there were to be a federal government . 
  right now , the only countries i can think of that are more like france and less like , say , germany in terms of politics are belgium , denmark and maybe sweden . 
  almost all other countries in the eu are to the right of france . 
  just sent him a request .
