  it would still be portugal . 
  reality can be scary . 
  and the stage is set for the next treaty . 
  germany , france and italy will want to double down on european integration , while the uk will ask for a two-speed eu . 
  this is exciting !, 
  i already read their arguments , still think it 's not censorship in any way , and have explained why . 
  i also said i would prefer a filter system . 
  so , if you 're gon na tell to read their arguments , i tell you : read my arguments , and respond . 
  either that , or we agree to disagree ( which i prefer simply because i do n't want to waste any more time ), 
  no , i get it . 
  instead of opt-out ( filters ) , it 's opt-in ( megathreads ) , but calling it censorship is simply ludicrous . 
  nobody is stopping you from getting informed about it in this sub , and it 's not like the mods are hiding the information ( in fact , they are doing just the opposite ) . 
  i support this decision . 
  i would prefer filters , but they take time to program into the design , so this is the next best thing . 
  people who claim censorship are just trying to find reasons to be offended . 
  they are just like the so-called sjws they hate . 
  it 's pathetic . 
   dank memes definately help convincing others that you are right . 
  well , thank you !, 
  hail google !, 
  google knows best !, 
  only one of those statement is correct , but i wo n't say which ( it 's really obvious , duh ! ) . 
  it 's funny how they take everything as an offense , which is exactly what they accuse sjws of doing . 
  they , like the so-called sjws , are trying to find every possible source of discrimination or censorship , even when it defies logic . 
  they 're the people they most hate . 
  ** they are the sjws . 
   the very essence of megathreads seem to be censoring subjects ... by putting them literally on the top of the page , where users first look . 
  such censorship , much fascism , so pc , wow . 
   the whole anti-merkel circlejerk when she talked to that immigrant girl ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  in this sub , there was no anti-merkel circle jerk . 
  the majority opinion was that she dealt with it responsibly by not making exceptions for single individuals and speaking realistically . 
  the anti-immigration side ( as many points as they might have ) are many times looking to put themselves in the position of the victim , claiming censorship when there is none , and saying people refuse to argue with you when all we do in this sub is just that . 
  stop fucking pretending you are being persecuted , and maybe we 'll take you more seriously . 
  this is the perfect response . 
  no cyprus ? 
  he 's trolling the troll . 
  would you consider them to be integrated if , instead of knowing german , they knew english ? 
  i would say integration is a fiscal union , a political union , a single military , ... 
  have n't seen someone with a burka in my entire life , does n't mean anything . 
  what if they ( the afghanistan or the pole ) go to germany and know how to speak english ? 
  i prefer not to get into those kinds of arguments with people like that . 
  it 's because i get frustrated . 
  i go online to have fun and get informed about a certain topic . 
  when i argue about something like austerity , or immigration , or the ttip , i feel i always come out with more information , and either a better perspective of the situation , or more understanding of other 's perspectives . 
  arguing about `` is islam a religion of peace ? '', 
  or `` are gypsies bad ? '', 
  with someone who is clearly not able to change his mind about it is not my thing because , for me , it 's a waste of time . 
  it 's not fun arguing with a racist , and i already know why they think what they think -- they have a prejudice against this particular minority . 
  ps : this is not to say that someone who says `` islam is worse than christianity '' gets automatically labeled an islamophobe . 
  i will many times argue with people about controversial topics , but not with people who espouse racism/sexism/xenophobia . 
  it takes a lot for me to consider someone racist , and i do n't go around searching for racists to tag , so this happens not that much . 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  there 's just some comments that you absolutely know come from that site . 
  and even if they do n't , they just scream of blatant racism , with the intention to rile up people online . 
  terms like `` cultural enrichment '' are solely used by white nationalists , and their most popular website is stormfront . 
  https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1018437/ if you ever see a user using the term `` cultural enrichment , '' and they have no flair and their account is recent , you can be pretty sure it 's someone from stormfront trying to spread racism . 
  when you tag someone , you can click on the tag to find out in which thread you tagged them . 
  if i tag someone `` racist '' for making a racism comment and being generally racist , i can find out where and why i tagged the user . 
  the fact that i pointed to a thread does n't mean i 'm stalking , it means i tagged the user there and am now pointing out his comment . 
  i tag people because then i know their intentions when they make seemingly honest comments . 
  many of them are brigading this sub from websites like stormfront . 
  i agree , and it 's unfortunate that people only want to fix things until it 's too late . 
  well , it does n't have to be austerity like we 've seen since the crisis . 
  it can , and should , be much more gradual and less extreme . 
  the goal is not to pay down the debt as fast as possible . 
  the goal is to make a possible ( and probably certain ) economic crisis in the future manageable . 
  austerity is also not just cutting spending or raising taxes , it 's about structural reforms . 
  there reforms can be implemented better and faster in good economic times because a ) money is not an issue and b ) the government is not focusing on doing damage control from the crisis . 
  do you have res ? 
  i do n't stalk . 
  oh yeah , totally [ joking ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ek36g/hungarys_orban_sees_illegal_immigration_from_the/ctfr1pn ) . 
  first they came for the asylum seekers , and i did not speak out -- because i was not an asylum seeker . 
  i 've said in other replies that this would essentially be the institution of fiscal transfers . 
  if you disagree with fiscal transfers , you ca n't ultimately support the euro project . 
   furthermore , would result in a transfer union . 
  that 's the whole purpose . 
  if you disagree with a transfer union , you ca n't expect the euro to ever work properly . 
  so it 's either a fiscal , political and monetary union , or just a trade deal . 
  personally , i want the former . 
  you are free to disagree . 
  yes , but that not what op was implying . 
  op was implying the ez federal tax would actually be on top of national taxes , which is not true . 
  which means that only some countries , not all , will have to adjust their budgets , which , as you said , does n't necessarily mean a tax increase . 
  the answer is that it does n't . 
  richer countries will receive back less , and poorer countries will receive more than they contributed . 
  this is how every fiscal union works . 
  poorer regions in portugal contribute less relative to what they receive from the national government . 
  the same is true for every other country in the world because they have the same currency . 
  fiscal transfers are the only way the eurozone can work . 
  most economists agree that it is either fiscal , political and monetary union , or just a trade deal . 
  i prefer the eu to be a federation rather than just a trade deal , and you are allowed to disagree . 
  in the end , it is , in fact , true that some countries will see their budget balance move to the red , but other countries , those who need it the most , will see their budget deficits reduced . 
  the 5 % go to the eu ( or ez government ) , so they will spend that money and the national government does n't have to . 
  they will take some revenue , but they will also shoulder some of the expenses of the national governments . 
  imagine you have 20 % income tax for the lowest bracket . 
  one possibility for this eurotax would be that 5 % of that tax which everyone pays is transfered from the national government to the federal one . 
  you 'd be paying 5 % to the eu , and 15 % to your government - the same money as 20 % to the government . 
  just like sweden is doing . 
  if they want to join , they can join in 2-3 years .
