  i never said islam or christianity is bad . 
  i brought up christianity to expose the double standards . 
  if christianity is also bad , why do i only ever hear about how islam is shit ? 
   christianity and islam both do n't have a place in the modern world . 
  now we 're talking . 
  i disagree because it is the fault of the individual for their actions , not the religion they are apart of . 
  sure , their holy books contain awful things that nobody should do , but the majority of people belonging to that religion know this and , as such , do n't go around killing heretics and other shit . 
  it is n't the religion that breeds terrorism , it 's terrorists who use religion as an excuse and a recruiting tool . 
  example : do you think anarchism is bad ? 
  maybe you do for ideological reasons , but that 's not my point . 
  my point is that there is proportionally more terrorists among anarchists than muslims . 
  however , you do n't see anybody criticizing anarchism on the basis that it breeds terrorism . 
  that 's because it does n't . 
  terrorists are shitty people who will use any ideology to fight against their enemy . 
  in this case , anarchism is n't necessarily bad . 
  militant anarchism is . 
  in the case of islam , we should distinguish islam , and islamic extremism . 
  i think it 's less clear than that . 
  i think it also changes . 
  rtp is always pressured to remain on the side of the government ( right now , that 's center-right ) . 
  sic wants controversy , so they are always looking for stories to criticize the government ( eg . 
  look this nurse had to emigrate to the uk !, 
  let 's hear what she has to say about our government . 
  oh , how horrible ! ) . 
  i always thought of tvi as a conservative channel to pander to old people , but i too do n't watch it too much . 
  if islam is violent , so is christianity . 
   what makes you think christianity is morally acceptable ? 
  plus 1 billion non violent people proves that there 1 billion people that are not enough bad to follow everything the bible says , it doesn \u00b4 t make the book and christianity acceptable . 
  i 'm not saying that what islamic terrorists do is acceptable . 
  i 'm saying that if you criticize islam and muslims , as a whole , like that , you should also criticize christianity and christians . 
  also , you do n't need to do everything your holly book tells you to to be part of a religion . 
  that 's what fundamentalists do . 
  if you 're arguing that the overwhelming majority of people who self-identify as muslim or christians are n't a true muslim or christian because they do n't follow their respective holly books to the letter , than you 're just being obtuse . 
  if you 're arguing all these people are practicing islam/christianity wrong because they do n't do horrible stuff the books tell them to , then i disagree with you . 
  i do n't believe you need to do everything that is in the scriptures to be practicing a religion `` as it 's supposed to . '', 
  those books were n't written a long time ago and not everything written should be taken seriously . 
  religions and their followers change , and their book do n't change with them . 
   islam is violent and bad so it should be criticized . 
  let me say it again again : there are 1 + billion muslims who are not violent . 
  those who use islam as a weapon for terrorism are proving their own moral shortcomings , not islam 's . 
  nazism was built on the notion that the german race was the master race , and all other races were inferior . 
  those who believed in nazism were racist . 
  islam , on the other hand , is a religion . 
  it 's built on the notion that there is a god named allah , and that he blesses those who worship him . 
  islam is not comparable to nazism ( godwin 's law btw ) . 
  it 's comparable to christianity . 
  both the bible and the quaran were written by people who had views that today are not acceptable . 
  if you want to say islam is bad and every muslim is bad because a few commit terrorism , then you have to say the same about christianity . 
  yes . 
  there are 1 + billion muslims who are non-violent . 
  those who use islam as a weapon for terrorism are proving their own moral shortcomings , not islam 's . 
  one word : democracy . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  maybe not the proudest since there was a lot of bloodshed , but 600 years ago today ( 1415 ) , we conquered ceuta , which started the age of discoveries and the process of globalization . 
  a more recent event would be the carnation revolution . 
  in ~ ~ 1975 ~ ~ 1974 , the fascist dictatorship was overthrown by our military with the support of the people . 
  in the following years , we were able to turn the country into a democracy , we recognized the independence of our colonies , and started the process of joining the eec to converge with the rest of europe . 
  edit : corrected year of revolution . 
  gon na spy on russia behind its back . 
  it would be interesting to plot this against population density . 
  encourage people who left the country to come back . 
  why are they so mad that they ca n't say things that they know will offend other people ? 
  why just not say them , and use other terms ? 
  why say something just because you can ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  just because germany would n't and did n't care about the situation of other countries in the eu , it does n't mean they , and portugal , should n't . 
  what / u/aboutdesouffle was arguing was that every country in the eu should care about this crisis and make an effort , not just those that are affected by it . 
  saying germany would n't care if they were n't affected is besides the point , because while that may be true , what is being argued is not that . 
  yes . 
  that does n't change my point though . 
  that would be because that was the original purposed of the law . 
  to emancipate women from the past discrimination . 
  you can disagree with the original purpose of the law , but your comment just shows you do n't understand why these laws are enacted . 
  yes , but i respect their decision not to do so , and support an alternative which makes everybody happy . 
  i think 2.2 % for bulgaria is still too low when eu-28 growth was 1.6 % . 
  bulgaria is the poorest nation in the eu . 
  they should be growing by 3 % a year easily to converge more rapidly , just like poland or romania . 
   some experts in bulgaria believe the economic crisis in nearby greece could paradoxically benefit bulgaria , amid reports that greek companies are relating to its more stable neighbour . 
  would n't conventional knowledge say the opposite ? 
  what leads these experts to believe this ? 
  this would be awesome . 
  then we all could know what country people with the eu flair are actually from . 
  this crisis was never only about economic issues . 
  anyone who wants to understand the different agents and their motivations needs to understand the political implications of their actions in their respective countries . 
  most experts agree that greece should be given debt relief , but most politicians are thinking more about how they can sell the solution to their constituents - and realizing they ca n't . 
  replace finland with portugal and sweden with spain , and it 's my exact feeling . 
  so , if the government falls , which is a likely possibility , who would win the elections ? 
  if it helps those that do need the help , and not to many people abuse it , i 'm for it . 
  besides , we can always pour more money into making sure fraud does n't happen ( of course , not that we should spend all the money needed to make the problem disappear completely , diminishing returns and stuff ) . 
  they even got the polish flag wrong !, 
  i know it 's not legitimate . 
  it was just a joke . 
  it 's more like three years , but i 'll take it !, 
  moldova 's first billionaire is born . 
  that works too . 
  technically , the middle class is never dead . 
  portuguese wikipedia is mostly written in brazilian portuguese , and i 've seen many users there who are for a `` brazilian wikipedia '' . 
  not that they want to create a new section of wikipedia , but that they want to make everything the the site written in brazilian portuguese . 
  i do n't blame them for writing in pt-br , but i strongly disagree with those that think that every page should be like that , including ones of portugal , portuguese districts , portuguese history , etc. 
  there is a rule against making those articles turn pt-br ( and other articles from turning pt-pt ) , and i think it 's for the best .
