economic left/right : -1.25 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.85, 
  you 're just avoiding the argument . 
  i 'm done with you . 
   nope , average pension and salary does . 
  if you are unemployed and without benefits ( which happens quite often with the mediterranean welfare system as opposed to the other three in europe ) , it does n't matter what the average is . 
   many if not most are economic migrants not people removed from their homes due to war . 
  false . 
  most come from syria , eritrea , and afghanistan , which means a majority of asylum seekers are refugees . 
   so we should put them back to their point of origin ? 
  that 's exactly what we should n't do . 
  in the case of refugees coming from dangerous places , it 's against international law . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21649488-those-peril ), 
  it 's also law that you have to put them wherever they are safe ( i.e. 
  they would n't need asylum there either ) , and libya is not safe for anyone . 
  ah , yes ... the hellenic `` 27 % unemployment but still ` richer ' ( whatever that means ) than you '' republic . 
  you know , gdp per capita is n't the only thing that matters . 
   i do n't see what kind of `` world view '' i could construct or destruct with them , it does n't change the situation at all . 
  oh really ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  if , say , only 20 % of border crossings were caught , do n't you think that would be an argument for building a fence ? 
  i 'm sorry , but now i just think you 're pretending to be innocent about the matter . 
  and by the comments in this thread , i say it 's working . 
   friend , i do n't know if i 'd trust anyone in our government with statistics that contradict my worldview . 
  ftfy . 
  let me make it easy for you , since you 're such a fucking baby about this :    one should note that these protesters are a minority , as the majority of germans is in favour of helping the refugees . 
  however the area around dresden and pirna always had a problem with nationalists , as they are very well connected there . 
    refugees yes , but not illegal migrants  these racists do n't distinguish . 
  what do you say to that ? 
  argue with the fucking point . 
  read the fucking article . 
  i did n't know your anus was such a good mathematician . 
  that would n't happen in europe . 
  the basic civil rights of minorities are protected by our constitutions and by european law . 
  good thing her netherlands are n't in the picture . 
   ** the european commission ** has opened a total of 32 infringement proceedings against 18 member states on how they apply eu-level asylum rules . 
  belgium , bulgaria , cyprus , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , portugal , slovenia , spain , and sweden are all under commission scrutiny for various violations . 
  that 's literally the whole article . 
  it does n't cost much to read at least the first paragraph . 
  but now seriously , maybe we are looking at a crash within the next 2 years ? 
  i got around to reading that paper , and you 're right . 
  germany does n't need to pay down the debt with a budget surplus . 
  they should instead aim for a balanced budget or a small budget deficit ( with primary surplus close to zero ) to let it naturally fall due to growth and inflation . 
  the purpose of having a surplus is to be able to spend your way out of the recession , which only works if you have low debt to gdp levels . 
  otherwise , you risk making the debt unsustainable ( like greece and possibly portugal ) and a default , which would significantly reduce consumer confidence in the economy , increase unemployment , increase poverty , etc. 
  i say this is good . 
  yes , this is sucking out investment of the ez and contributing to its low growth rates . 
  but there is also a risk that another crash is on the way , coming from china . 
  germany needs to reduce its debt levels so that it 's ready for another crash . 
  having a surplus is the best way to do that , even if it has short-term consequences for the economy . 
  what is he generally talking about ? 
  those irish though . 
   eu even fails to deliver common immigration policy it 's the council of europe ( i.e. 
  the eu member states ) that opposes a united immigration policy . 
  right now , everybody recognizes that putting solely border countries in responsibility for processing asylum seekers coming from outside europe is n't working . 
  but at the same time , the countries that are least affected by this crisis do n't want to compromise . 
  well , either way , storage is not a problem . 
  i think this is the most important issue . 
  by 2007 , it was already too late to decide on not implementing austerity . 
  if countries wanted the option of stimulating their economy out of recession post great recession , they should have implemented austerity before , when it least hurt the economy . 
  one ( almost ) perfect example of this is ireland . 
  before the crisis , their debt to gdp ratio was very low ( 20 % ) , and had been declining for years . 
  as a result , they were able to keep the debt sustainable ( with little austerity ) as it rose to more than 120 % of gdp after the crisis hit . 
  now , they are the fastest growing economy in the eu , and it 's both because of the reforms they enacted , and the debt they contracted . 
  greece and portugal , on the other hand , made little efforts of reducing the debt before the crisis , so when it came , they had to tighten their seat-belts with austerity , which prolonged the recession . 
  had forgot about that . 
  it 's why they 're always asking for money . 
  ca n't someone just create a website that has the exact same content as wikipedia ( less than 50gb i think ) , and then people and go to the `` russian wikipedia '' without having to use a proxy ? 
  they also count insects there i think . 
  an overwhelming majority of them do stay in nearby countries . 
  and even if they go to other countries directly , why are they not refugees anymore ? 
   `` refugees '' why the quotes ? 
  i guess you 're right . 
  they were fighting for who got to control the colonies after independence . 
   the portuguese colonial war was in fact another ramification of the cold war no it was n't . 
  the only ones supporting us were south africa , rhodesia , and malawi . 
  both sides of the cold war ( and the non-aligned ) supported the independence of the colonies . 
  our proudest , and least proud moments in history are inseparable . 
  you can not talk about the discoveries without talking about the transatlantic slave trade . 
  you can not talk about how rich we were without talking about our colonies and the exploitation that went on there . 
  because of this , we all as countrymen hold back when we talk about our achievements . 
  yes , we brought great things to the world , but let 's not fall into this nationalist mindset and ignore the horrible things we did . 
  as for what we were taught in school , it was more about our achievements and what decisions our rulers made ( eg . 
  moving away from india to brazil , negotiating a better line in the treaty of tordesilhas , etc. 
  ) , than it was about how bad colonization was for the victims . 
  at the end of the day , we know it happened , it was bad , and it 's not to be repeated , so at least it 's not like japan and wwii war crimes . 
  and it not even the `` number one topic '' in all of europe . 
  in portugal , people do n't care about it , and often express their worries for the actual refugees that die on the mediterranean . 
  also almost all reasonable people in portugal ( in real life , not here ) , recognize the need to rescue these migrants and take more of them in , even if it hurts us in the short term . 
  that 's got ta be a world record . 
   this is a thread about islamic terrorism , no shit you 'll here more complaining here about islam than christianity . 
  i was talking about everywhere . 
  where have you seen people criticizing christianity as relentlessly as in this thread with islam ? 
  i 'll tell you . 
  nowhere . 
   if anarchism 's mains tenants had clauses to the effect of `` women are less than men '' and `` all homosexuals are bad '' then very few people could rationally support it . 
  i guess it 's not the same with religion . 
  let me quote you :  this is a thread about islamic terrorism, 
  ladies and gentleman , the most commited troll in all of / r/portugal , / u/tugasnake . 
   benevolent dictatorship that was seriously funny . 
   your strawman argument you 're the one doing a strawman argument .
