  either you are referring to the modern values and taking care of people who need help and helping refugees , or you are referring to old versions where christians really were n't better than islamists . 
  what ? 
  you started talking about christianity from the past with crusades . 
  i think caring about people in need is part of a more enlightened period of history , at least when whole societies and nations are acting like that . 
  `` but not too many please , we are not that christian ... '', 
  pretty sure the definition of a crusade includes the word `` military '' . 
  you really want the christian values from 900 years ago again ? 
  i think isis will have a place for you . 
  i do n't think killing is a christian value . 
  what is a christian value if not taking care of hundred thousand war refugees who lost their homeland ? 
  helping people in need is the very core of christian values . 
   since it 's a bigger chance of dying from x , we should n't have a ridiculous fear of dying from y ftfy, 
  yeah we are obligated . 
  human rights and stuff . 
  they do n't even say something about safe countries . 
  but you do n't seem to care , what is fine , but the majority of europeans still care about it . 
  do you know they can stay safe there for sure ? 
  just because there is no war that does n't mean that the 3 million refugees currently in turkey are safe . 
  last time i heard about it there were only about 300k refugees in official camps , the rest was roaming freely in turkey . 
  you know that everyone has enough food and water ? 
  also , i do n't think turkey is going to keep all refugees when we say they can all stay there and euope wo n't take a single one . 
  turkey would be stupid if they did that . 
   and it did n't stop anyone coming to hungary as soon as the rest of the balkan countries put up there own fence . 
  obviously , as refugees just walked around it . 
  that fence stopped no single refugee from coming anywhere except hungary . 
  and it did n't stop anyone coming to hungary as soon as the rest of the balkan countries put up there own fence . 
  you people ... 
  refugees came in mass =  hungary builds fence ... 
  refugees still came in mass =  austria puts up refugee cap refugees still came in mass =  all balkan countries build fences hundred thousands refugees stranded in greece and still came in mass =  eu-turkey deal refugee flow stops . 
   yay fences !, 
  * the left *, 
  yeah some private company decided it was a good idea to install woman wagons in 5 trains . 
  that is happening . 
  the islamisation and regression of germany is not happening . 
  i think that is what the first guy implied . 
  stop getting your news from a page that want to read thing like this ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess some stupid ceo thought this was a good idea and gave it a try . 
  it 's gon na fail , people on twitter already make jokes and complain about it . 
  the only reason the article mentions is to strengthen the feeling of security of woman . 
  i do n't know much about it . 
  80 % of russians live in europe . 
  the second sentence of your own post says it 's not because of sexual assault ... 
  a few parents in one school say some stupid shit , yeah , the whole swedish school system sucks !, 
  is this the telegraph or rt ? 
  my point is that it 's not the ideologys fault that people support it . 
  it 's true to say these terror attacks are caused by islamists extremism , but that does n't get us anywhere . 
  the next question should be why do these people support it and that answer is certainly not islamist extremism . 
  the author just stops after the first question and goes for the easy answer . 
  jainist extremism is a exception to the rule i think . 
  many extremisms say almost the exact same things as islamists . 
  sorry to compare it to the nazis again , but it 's the easiest and i do n't have to google stuff . 
  do you think nazis and fascism was a problem in germany just because the ideology existed ? 
  the ideology still exists , so why is n't it a problem now ? 
  according to the logic of the author it must cause problems just because it exists . 
  i guess that make a bit more sense , but is it true ? 
  i mean obviously it would n't exists without the ideology , but there are countless other extremist ideologies out there and the majority are non problems . 
  why is islamic extremism a problem , is it really totally different than other ideologies ? 
  sure it 's easy to understand , but it 's so fucking wrong . 
  that 's like saying fat people are caused by the existence of fat people . 
  well technically there would n't be fat people without fat people , but ... really ? 
  of course we are not entirely responsible for islamic extremism , but it would be stupid to just ignore possible factors that could help creating it . 
  also  the problem of islamic extremism is caused -- astonishingly enough -- by islamic extremism . 
  really ? 
  pff , marriage with bohemia and claiming their throne best start . 
  the majority of attackers were eu citizens . 
  `` you '' ? 
  i do n't think they are worse , i 100 % understand and support people who say things like you quoted , but it 's false to say poland has over a million ukrainian refugees . 
  there must live a different kind of muslims in spain than in germany . 
  last time that was mentioned here it came out that this number is actually the total number of ukrainians in poland who migrated there legally with working visas , not refugees . 
  has this changed ? 
  there is absolutely nothing they can do about it . 
  sure , there certainly are some muslims to blame , but 99,9 % of them , especially here in europe , have nothing to do with it and ca n't even do something about it . 
  there are over a billion muslims on this world , do you really blame terror attacks on every single one of them ? 
  he has good arguments . 
  `` it means that angela merkel must go -- so that her country , and the continent it bestrides , can avoid paying too high a price for her high-minded folly . '', 
  how about you fuck off ? 
  we voted her and most of us still support her . 
  well , moscow and istanbul attacks definitely do n't count as `` an infiltration of jihadists that 's been happening for two decades '' in the eu, 
  two of them are n't even in the eu , why bring it up here ? 
  the other three : regular terror attacks in the last 20 years ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  does he say that jihadists have waited 20 years to do something in europe ? 
  because there have been almost no terror attacks in the last 20 years . 
  i think [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3ssj4y/christopher_hitchens_responds_to_a_jihad/cx090ed ) sums it up nicely . 
  so you say people with nothing left in their life tend to be dschihadists ? 
  do you maybe want to read the first statement from me you answered too again ? 
  why are they religious fundamentalists ? 
  obviously we all can measure gravity , but not the waves . 
  einstein said nothing can be faster than light , therefore gravity ca n't either , so there must be some form spreading -  gravitational waves . 
  no one could measure it until 40 years later , not even directly then . 
  exactly , so we accepted there was something , but we could n't measure it . 
  if it makes you feel better , we call [ the real ones ] ( http://images.opt.be/images/db/bto_italie/photos_pages_cotenus/frites_eikedubois.png ) `` belgian fries '' , the disgusting [ thin ones ] ( http://mcdw.ilcdn.net/mdnprog9/mcd/apps/products/data/jpg1/pommes_mittel_neu_09_g.jpg ) are just `` pommes '' . 
  until a month ago , gravitational waves . 
  there are a lot of physical theories about things we ca n't see , measure or interact with and many are generally accepted as true . 
  well , atheists believe there is nothing . 
  do they know for sure ? 
  alright , let 's just take what selina_kyles believes as facts . 
  dint turkey on its own come up with the deal and suprised everyone with it ? 
  no , he turns `` putting people into prison for 40 years and send them into some third world country after that will create extremism '' into `` yeah lets get rid of punishment at all '' .
