   today in spiegel or was it focus was a survey and 1/3 already wanted merkel to resign . 
  is n't this obvious ? 
  cdu had 41,5 % in elections 2013 ; 58,5 % should want her to resign ... 
  stop islam , it 's too barbaric !, 
  hang merkel !, 
  not really accurate as austria is crying . 
  i think [ deutsche bahn ] ( http://www.bahn.de/p_en/view/index.shtml ) has the whole european train system . 
   the funny thing is the germans could have executed hitler but they did n't want to they were just too humane even back then . 
  [ wat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assassination_attempts_on_adolf_hitler ), 
  sometimes it really shocks me how different americans and european are . 
  it 's such an unreal thing to me that people would cheer to the sentence `` we have the death penalty and we use it !, 
  i know , i just think that logic is stupid . 
  the fact that some countries are doing bad things should n't excuse other countries doing bad things . 
  yeah and saudi arabia is using slaves !, 
  why should n't we use slaves ? 
  so your implying europeans are just better humans and are more civilised ? 
  well , thanks . 
  [ \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/28/innocent-death-penalty-study_n_5228854.html ), 
  you can always start a civil war in poland . 
  yeah well , you are not supposed to let them rot in prison . 
  you should try to help them get decent humans again . 
  because the usa is supposed to be a first world country . 
  well , imo we all see in the usa that this way is n't really working . 
  the rich will always have an advantage over the poor , which the state should counter . 
  of course it has to redistribute wealth , how else would handicapped people survive ? 
  where does all the money go then ? 
  because you ca n't simply change the constitution . 
  everything a party can do must be in within the constitution . 
  acutally , that is false , too , as a german i received control over a bruxellois controlling a small village in bulgaria where i plan to enforce atheism . 
  i doubt you would support the christian values from 100 years ago, 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  when they are the majority , the party serving this majority will win . 
  that 's democracy . 
  you all are acting like its easy to chance the basic laws . 
  poor south west balkan . 
  germany 133 austria 22 ... 
  man these evil germans !, 
  wait ... 
  its intention was to stop the big nations fighting each other . 
  that worked out well did n't it ? 
  how is the eu one undeserved ? 
  merkel did n't invite anyone , the media just said it that way . 
  easily [ prussia ] ( http://images4.alphacoders.com/201/201486.jpg ) alternatively , with a less retarded eagle , [ free state of prussia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/freestate_of_prussia_flag_1920\u20131947.png ), 
  sure , so are more regions in the netherlands . 
  we still call you england . 
  i 'm living in germany , do you want to know how you see the scale of the crisis here ? 
  there are refugees walking around . 
  that 's it . 
  yeah eastern european states will get the same amount of refugees as germany of course !, 
  countries in the eu are definitely not full sovereign states . 
  surely you should have realised by now we mean the uk with england , same as many people say holland and address the netherlands . 
  it 's called being populist . 
  is n't the czech republic the least religious one ? 
  i always got the feeling nature hates humans in any place besides europe . 
  it 's too cold , too hot , deadly animals , volcanos everywhere , earthquakes , hurricanes ... 
  you will be a lovely parent . 
  yeah fuck poor people !, 
  they are the reason poor people are poor !, 
  wtf have they thought when they decided to be poor ? 
  in case you did n't noticed , i said i 'm studying , so i actually try to get a job and it will probably not a bad paid one . 
  so i hope i can give something back of the help i get now , 
   only minority of illegal immigrants are actually fleeing regular war ( syrians ) . 
  according to the latest eurostat data it 's only 20 % . 
  it could go up in recent months , but even if the number would have doubled ( which is unlikely ) , it 's still minority . 
  and those without a legitimate reason to flee wont get asylum . 
  in germany , there are currently several laws and institutions being created to actually deport people with denied asylum applications . 
   all of them had to pass at least one safe country . 
  like i said in my first post , asylum seekers in turkey have to wait up until to 2021 to get their application * started * ; in april this year , you can imagine how the situation is now . 
  so practically refugees ca n't get asylum in turkey . 
  is turkey still the first safe country when they ca n't stay there ? 
   all other refugees also had to pass several safe countries in order to get to europe . 
  the most blatant examples are afghans and somalians . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous to consider them refugees in europe and give them aslum here . 
  they are unscrupulously abusing international law and refugee status and they literaly cross half of the continent on their way to europe . 
  they are no refugees by any stretch of an imagination , and yet they recieve asylum . 
  this insane policy caused the situation we are in now . 
  so , which countries do you suggest them go to ? 
  as a somalian , i can imagine its pretty hard to find a country where you are actually safe before you reach europe . 
  ignoring that , europe is one of the richest regions in the world , we easily can help people who ca n't live at their home . 
  as a european , do you really want to say iran , pakistan or turkmenistan its their problem just because they are neighbouring countries ? 
  while i agree labelling politic views as simply left and right , does it really make a difference if you want no one but your nations citizens in your nation or if you want no one but europe ( which would be a nation with a federation ) citizens in europe ? 
  hey man , i would love to help you , but i 'm currently studying and my monthly money barely suffices . 
  so , why do n't you try to find a party that supports taxing money from people who actually have it and helping people who do n't have it , instead of blaming refugees for causing poor people ? 
  all you said is currently true , but do n't you think it 's problematic the european union has a law that gives all the responsibilities of incoming refugees to the countries they first enter ? 
  these are 3 or 4 countries . 
  i do n't think that 's fair and right . 
  you are doing the same thing just the other way around . 
  i think we should help them because we can . 
  not if you flee a war . 
  are they ? 
  they do n't get much aid if they wait for their application , they legally ca n't work if they wait for their application . 
  fuck the eu law if it means people who flee wars have to wait 5 years to get their application processed . 
  that 's pretty stupid if you consider refugees in turkey have to wait until 2021 to get their asylum application processed . 
  only the people who go vote will count towards the result and the parties get their percentages based on how many votes there were overall . 
  if you give an invalid vote , the overall vote count is one higher , if you do n't vote at all , its acting like you do n't exist . 
  the small populist parties often have enthusiastic voters who will definitely go vote for their party . 
  the moderate , big parties represent way more people who think `` meh , i do n't care , this will work out okay '' and would probably vote for the big parties if they were forced to vote , but they are n't , so they do n't vote . 
  this gives small populist parties more percentages because the overall vote count is lower . 
  its better to give an invalid vote . 
  small extremist parties benefit from people not voting .
