  have a free city of london as the capital of the eu ? 
  honestly , i think the way better educated youth have a better grasp on the brexit than the older generations . 
  hey france , buddy , how about we team up this time ? 
  it 's gon na be the same union at some point . 
  yes i am . 
  the development of the world clearly heads towards bigger states and unions with ongoing globalisation . 
  there is the eu , eurasian union , africa union etc. 
  eventually they will join the eu or something like the eu/eurasia . 
  islam will not go away , but they will have their own enlightenment at some point , there are hardly any `` regressive '' developments over longer time periods in the world . 
  i mean , it 's not the only reason , but it 's definitely a reason for many people , just look at the brexit campaign . 
  edit : honesty , if turkey happened to be christian , asia minor probably would be considered as europe . 
  the serbian one . 
  refugees went through croatia after that . 
  it was on the [ 17th of october ] ( http://nytimes.com/2015/10/18/world/europe/hungary-closes-border-changing-refugees-path.html?hp&amp;action=click&amp;pgtype=homepage&amp;module=second-column-region&amp;region=top-news&amp;wt.nav=top-news&amp;referer= ), 
   it also coincidences with merkel doing her big invite . 
  does it ? 
  merkels ` invite ' was on the 5th september . 
  refugees also need some time to get from their home to the border of greece . 
  that graph describes the eu . 
  would a fence in hungary really have an immediate effect on refugees arriving in greece ? 
  the border was closed on the 17th october . 
  how about we have talks all the time ? 
  there is no bad thing about talks , it does n't mean they are going to join the eu next week . 
  you disapproved them ? 
  show me a better study that shows how shitty vienna is then . 
  maybe you just need to move into some backwards village in the alps and never see any foreign people again !, 
  vienna is also the city with the highest quality of life in the world . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's bad . 
  9.5 million in a country of austrias size is n't really that much . 
  nrw in germany has almost twice as much people with less than half the area . 
  the eu presented greece a bailout deal , nothing undemocratic there . 
  the undemocratic part was tsipras ignoring the referendum of his people and accepting it . 
  together two times as much as russia . 
  warmongering never led to a war ? 
  implying russia 's war machines are better oiled than the germans , french , british or americans . 
  i think they could have some success with an own os that has high levels of protection and encryption . 
  they surely could make a commercial campaign about the good eu company vs all the bad/spying us companies . 
  and that 's undeniably true . 
  you can dislike the central policy , but you ca n't say it 's less efficient . 
  globalisation is not a policy lice neo liberalism or socialism . 
  it 's happening since forever and a byproduct of better transportation and communication . 
  i think it also shows the huge potential europe has . 
  half of the countries were under communism and only started developing in the last 20 years . 
  many of east european countries are non stop improving ( poland stronk ) . 
  no , not because people are stupid . 
  because they simply do n't have the time to research and discuss every government decision . 
  and trump is n't ? 
  democracy of the mob = having everyone vote on a specific thing that is way too complex to understand and predict even for many experts . 
  democracy = having everyone vote general directions what 's going to happen . 
  climate change is an inside job . 
  i do n't have enough information for the first question , might be only possible for eu citizens . 
  yes , since bologna reform you can study nearly everywhere in europe and work where you want . 
  a lot of germans who want to study medicine , but are n't good enough for the numerus clausus are going to eastern europe , like poland or estonia . 
  russia belongs to glorious yurop , so just us , eu and china . 
  i think universities are free for everyone in germany . 
  take a look at / r/germany , their sidebar has a lot information for foreign students . 
  nice to see you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  these black toe to toes are the best choice in a desert . 
  but just go out in shorts and nothing else when it 's 40 degrees and 15 hours of sun . 
  anorexia and obesity are definitely problems . 
  haha people are seriously down voting you . 
  oh dear , ever fucking model on an ad is photoshopped . 
  yeah well , they ca n't . 
  that 's the whole point , they are trading with the eu and not germany . 
  if they would do that , the eu could just ban all british cars . 
  the u.k. is n't in the position to dictate stuff like this . 
  i think this has something to do with expectations . 
  people will expect the best from eu nations , for example take in refugees and help countries in need , when they do n't do it , they will get criticised harsher than russia . 
  no one is seriously expecting russia to do the same thing . 
  i think that 's also a reason america is blamed and protested so often compared to russia . 
  that 's true , however the eu could easily introduce some ridiculous tariffs for uk imports . 
  what 's the uk going to do ? 
  just not trade with the eu ? 
  but i do n't think that 's gon na happen . 
  the german government said multiple times the want a fair deal with britain . 
  you should look at how much trade is going to the uk out of the total eu trade vs how much trade is going to the eu out of total uk trade . 
  i think this will give you a different picture . 
  and it would just show how pathetic the brexit campaign is . 
  protesters in germany can get germany to remove the bases in germany . 
  protesters in germany cant get romania remove their bases in romania . 
  nothing to do with morals . 
  what do you mean ? 
  germany is allowing them everything the german law allows . 
  most of them are german citizens . 
  the nazis were german and i 'm happy that we do n't have them anymore . 
  it works just fine inside the eu right know i guess . 
  going back to nationalism/isolation is kind of regressive imo . 
  so it 's probably on the same level as most leave articles ? 
  that 's the problem , it 's done , it 's not here any more . 
  it does n't matter . 
  just have ads ? 
  you know that the eu nations talk to each other from time to time ? 
  could it be possible that sch\u00e4uble just said the result of these conversations ? 
  so everyone in germany switched to blablacar because with mitfahrgelegenheiten.de you could only pay online , and now blablacar is doing the same ? 
  nice . 
  i guess we need a new app . 
  there are fees ? 
  how do they collect them , every time i use blablacar i just pay the driver in cash . 
  ehhhhhh , jan b\u00f6hmermann is the only comedian in germany who is usually funny . 
  and even he has really cringe worthy stuff .
