  not refugees . 
  assuming the product is n't fake and they cost the same in africa and europe . 
  just because they are fleeing from a war does n't mean they are poor does it ? 
  edit : its possible there are also normal people on the train , too . 
  the lack of payable living space is not a refugee problem . 
  regarding the people in ludwigshaven in the first few minutes : lol they are complaining about people they were some time ago . 
  i bet it was okay when the state provided cheap houses for them . 
  is there a sane sub for europe stuff ? 
  i really do n't want to read this stupidity here any more . 
  they sure are . 
  these clubs are the majority of the big clubs in germany . 
  there is n't much left besides them . 
  competition makes sport unappealing ? 
  guess we will stop having world championships . 
  just let them run there ? 
  do these humans have any kind of negative affect on you ? 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/456373/rail-subsidy-indicator.xls yeah your government is totally not paying for any transportation because it 's private . 
  we literally can save lives by having to wait 10 minutes more for a train , as the government could spend the train subsidies on refugees . 
  you poor people in the netherlands . 
  what are you gon na lose ? 
  your free wifi in trains ? 
  i do n't think anyone is expecting more work from sweden . 
  well , considering its end of august and there have been only 200.000 asylum requests so far , i doubt we will even have 800.000 asylum seekers . 
  have you ever been there ? 
  just after 2 hours you will recognise how degenerated their language is . 
  luckily we have strong unions . 
  and a minimum wage of 8,50 $ per hour and maximum 40 hours a week does n't sound that chinese to me . 
  okay , where does she say ireland is to blame for the refugee crisis ? 
  argentine and chile will always have a special place for us . 
  get out , we do n't use logic here . 
  haha , i can already imagine the headlines in 10 yeas : `` german economy powerful as never before - rest of europe complaining they are using migrants as cheap work for unfair advantage . '', 
  of course with our chancellor in nazi uniform . 
  you ca n't fine someone who writes racist stuff with a random facebook account . 
  600 over 2 years . 
  that 's not really much and people are complaining . 
  wtf is wrong with them . 
  then your a racist idiot . 
  so men are worth less than women and children ? 
  if we do n't let them in/deport them , yes . 
  why would they try if they know the majority wo n't succeed . 
  plus , the eu should give aid to the balkan countries to help build the up . 
  this way , there is going to be less poverty and less cost for the eu in the long run, 
  you are acting like europeans do n't commit crimes . 
  we do n't accept economic migrants . 
  you point to a serious problem . 
  some people actually think what you wrote . 
  you have to assume they are actually serious . 
  i want to , because i 'm pretty sure germans and the whole continent is better off working together . 
  turkey already have 1.4 million refugees do n't they ? 
  yeah , why not ? 
  do you think that would have been possible without the eu ? 
  who just had a 21 billion surplus ? 
  i can imagine it would be significantly harder for them to get an asylum if they already ignored an official centre and came illegally to germany . 
  also , we really should start deporting denied people . 
  and where should they live during the time it takes to process the asylum request ? 
  because people who are actually fleeing a war think their asylum gets accepted ? 
  i do n't think that 's possible . 
  you would need to have a stable internet or mail connection , what can be kind of hard in war zones . 
  also , think of the centres as a first safe point where they can rest some time . 
  of course we wo n't be able to prevent them from going to germany on their own . 
  but we can provide a safe and legal route for people who get accepted . 
  and i guess a huge camp with hundreds of helpers and personal would be positive for the process time of an asylum request , too . 
  where did i write we should lock them up ? 
  why ca n't we just build thousand of bed rooms free to use for them as long as they want and their asylum is pending . 
  sure there will be people trying to go by themselves , we ca n't stop them . 
  but we should give them a official , legal way to get into the eu countries not bordering a non shengen country . 
  if we take care of their transportation , they are 1000 times saver than now . 
  sure , i get why they are coming . 
  i just do n't see a point of letting them come from our perspective . 
  we really need huge refugee centres at the borders to non shengen members where the refugees can stay some time and get their asylum applications decided . 
  if they get denied , they wo n't even enter the area . 
  if they are accepted , the eu should be responsible for their transport and distribution . 
  what 's the point of letting balkan refugees with a 99 % decline rate get to germany ? 
  wait until you see switzerland !, 
  that logic does n't really add up . 
  per capita there are far more attacks in the east . 
  it 's a development . 
  like the old greeks or romans we will come to a time where being naked is not frowned up on . 
  that 's not bad , we just come out of the victorian times where it was seen as bad . 
  many african tribes do n't have a problem being naked . 
  we have a new show called `` adam sucht eva '' ( adam looking for eve ) in germany . 
  its a dating show where a group of naked people are searching for their love on a small island . 
  and yes , everything gets shown . 
   and nobody in their right mind would actually lie about their religion just so that they could get to slovakia of all places :d are you for real ? 
  these guys are fleeing from a fucking war . 
  of course they will lie to live in peace . 
  you also seem to forget how rich even slovakia is compared to many places in the world . 
  no , obviously the ancient greeks used euro coins to hold up they buildings . 
  you just wrote `` it 's not the kind of thing you 're ever likely to see reliable data about '' ? 
  and `` the following results are probably not relevant , please rephrase your query . '', 
  at the end of the results ... 
  uh i like that . 
  especially the news column , too bad there are only french news so far . 
  guess i finally should start to learn french . 
  alright , should we enslave half of the world again because that 's in our interest ? 
  living in dignity is an human right . 
  why would n't you compare it ? 
  east germans wanted a better life in west germany . 
  now syrians want a better life in germany . 
  east germany was occupied by soviets , syria has a fucking civil war .
