  i did n't mean aid , more like controling the privatization process after '90 and preventing the creation of an oligarchy . 
  there is a lot of stuff you learn in school that you only need for a few occupations . 
  2009 ... a bit late do n't you think ? 
  i think russia would be a way different country now if we helped them like we helped other ex warsaw-pact countries like poland after 1990 . 
  that hurt, 
  i 'm petty sure i learned british english in the majority of english lessons . 
  most of the balkan refugees went back ... why do you think it will be so different this time ? 
  what statistics ? 
  you want your banks saved italy , do n't you ? 
  and the leader of the left party ... 
  honestly i ca n't see what will stop the economical success of germany . 
  we missed out big on internet business , so that can only get better with the digital single market , vw will not have huge fines in europe , universities only just managed to have english courses , companies are desperately searching for young trainees and these will come from spain , greece and eastern europe . 
  even politically , the afd will never get into government . 
  we will see a coalition of all other parties before that happens . 
  the left leader criticizes merkel for letting refugees in without sufficient controls , so these will become stricter , too . 
  i really doubt merkel would allow another 1.5 million refugees into germany , for the sake of her own career , so the afd has literally no reason to exist . 
  we might even see a linke , spd and gr\u00fcne coalition election campaign with a common chancellor candidate , who will actually spend some money on infrastructure , education , integration of refugees etc. 
  they will legalise same sex marriage and make germany even more liberal . 
  nah jews are fine these days , muslims are the new bad guys , did n't you get the memo ? 
  whats up with italy ? 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/merkel-muss-weg-demo-verliert-an-zulauf-14364655.html ) there are 1350 anti-merkel protesters and 1000 anti-anti-merkel protesters . 
  there is also a demonstration/techno movement called `` zug der liebe '' right now with about 10.000 people . 
  nah in germany the left guy would probably not be allowed to renovate his side because it looks stupid . 
  where is cologne ? 
  that clay . 
  [ vote now !, 
  then we could just bail them out . 
  that 's exactly what taxes are . 
  maybe you should research how people in eritrea , somalia and ethiopia live before posting things like this . 
  are n't the japanese spending insane amounts of time at work and even sleeping there etc ? 
  arbeit is german , in dutch it 's werk or arbeid . 
  eh you are there for holidays . 
  just pack a towel , some water and go eat at some restaurant . 
  yeah , especially italy . 
  there is no way the south tanks the overall score so hard . 
  just think of all the amazing cities , rome , milan , turin , venice , florence . 
  but stone beaches : /, 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f8rk w\u0153rk, 
  bestonia  spain , italy, 
  i mean there is still a civil war going on in syria , iraq , rebels in afghanistan and eritrea/somalia/ethiopia are pretty shitty places to live in . 
  i do n't think 0 is realistic any time soon . 
  the current migrant policy is the eu-turkey deal and border fences . 
  there are hardly any refugees coming any more , why would she change it . 
   the reason one reason, 
  you think an army can win a war against terrorists ? 
  would isis exist without america bombing the midle east ? 
  not locking them up is not appeasing . 
  are they ? 
  baltics , poland , ukraine , moldova/romania and maybe finland/nordics . 
  i think they could put a serious first defence and do n't get overrun , nato will help fighting back . 
  99 % of them never committed a crime or will ever commit a crime here , we ca n't watch them 24/7 . 
  we do n't have police states . 
  europe does not want to bring them here . 
  the border fences and the eu-turkey deal are not there so the refugees have an easy time coming here . 
  no his opinion is dangerously stupid . 
  well , every nation that fears russia so much could build a anti russia army together could n't they ? 
   they seem more concerned with defending migrants and muslims than expressing any sympathy for the victims of the attacks . 
  nah that 's just the reddit circlejerk . 
  is this ` real ' or just because summer tourism ? 
  man someone has to drop this in germany . 
  i highly doubt a regular person without any mental illness or without any traumatising event happening in their live would go out and drive over 80 people . 
  a lot of things are named bundes - and bund - if it 's describing the whole of germany , so it really makes sense and fits in . 
  same happened to a friend of mine in egypt . 
  greeks know what taxes are ? 
  bosporus under control of glorious eu again . 
  that trade power !, 
  there are more people living in istanbul than in greece , good luck with that :d they should declare the city state of constantinople and join the eu !, 
  probably , but every government is doing this so it 's comparable . 
   screwed over our planet pretty bad oh come on, 
  i think this applies to anyone . 
  also , you can call every eu embassy as a eu citizen . 
  i do n't know , maybe that you are retarded ? 
  how do you know the woman was poor ? 
  civil war does n't stop at rich people . 
  you know the arab world actually does n't get that many children ? 
  do clubs in london really close this early ? 
  even my 200k city has clubs going until 12-3 pm . 
  i 'm for australia and new zealand . 
  only the majority . 
   the methodology measures the potential for innovation provided by the environment in the country . 
  ~ ~ source ? ~ ~ never mind , i misunderstood your sentence . 
  that literally never happened . 
  yes , the french spending is more than enough . 
  or do you want that the french military is capable of defend europe alone ? 
  so instead of raising the minimum wage probably we should just keep all foreigners out ? 
  france is not the only country in europe with a military . 
  minimum wage ? 
  it 's more than enough for every threat europe faces . 
  he got one year as prime minister . 
  with the brexit and germany wanting a more relevant role in world affairs i can see the eu and germany saying `` we need a second nuclear power besides france in side the eu '' in a few years . 
  did you really feel it was necessary to post this ? 
  cars are 12 % of german exports . 
  i really do n't get why she is so hated on reddit . 
  hey now , we did it better . 
  that 's not a building , 
  pfff 1on1 it 's 2 wins for us and a draw . 
  ah i see what you are saying , i guess that 's a good point . 
  the new common enemy with the soviet union probably helped , too . 
  so germans are just bad people and without the ` kollektivschuld ' we would still try to conquer the planet ? 
  trump wanted to build this one here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennium_tower_ ( frankfurt ) but due to the 2008 crisis they postponed it .
