  you are being retarded and you know it . 
  a loaf of bread was 5 billion , a tram ticket 50 billion . 
  one usd was worth 4 trillion mark . 
  for real , how can people still not see that taking everything away from a person only helps extremism . 
  german billions are trillions in english though . 
  german hundred billion = english hundred trillion = 100\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 000 . 
  did n't know you used the english names for big numbers . 
  [ we had !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/41/100-billionen-geldschein-2.jpg ), 
  damn . 
  rhine , thamse and seine into one river . 
  that was a big river . 
  many couples are adopting children from non european countries . 
   development ( okay , probably not that much with a pair of pants ) well you have to design it . 
  expensive jeans probably are n't just straight and blue . 
  some day ... 
  do you realise canadas immigration law has nothing to do with war refugees ? 
  also , do you realise germany ( meaning cdu and spd , who are in the government right now ) are working on a canada like law ? 
  obviously a real solution with all the parties involved will take some time . 
  while they are discussing on this solution we ca n't just let over one million people sit in greece and we ca n't just block everyone because there is a significant amount of real refugees we need to take . 
  just because the rest of europe is acting irrational and not according to the rules they gave themselves , we do n't have to do it right ? 
   everyone is good to come here and live on benefits no matter what that 's not merkels plan . 
  you are voting for a really really backwards party because you are ignorant , like every other person voting for it . 
  you are just listening to the scary headlines and right-wing propaganda . 
  you do n't get it , we are supposed to close our border only to spooky * brown * people !, 
  whites are perfectly fine to enter . 
  it 's grey . 
  and the rest is laughing about you . 
  the empire, 
  cdu , spd , greens ? 
  tsipras , not germany , overthrew the democratic decision of his people . 
  the bailout package came with austerity , you ca n't blame eu countries for wanting greece to follow some rules if they get billions . 
  greece was free to leave the euro if they did n't want to get the austerity measures . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with these measures , but you ca n't say germany ignored the referendum , the greek people have no vote over other eu countries money spending . 
  ehh , when almost all the important economists , world politicians and scientists are saying britain leaving the eu is a bad thing , there might more to it than fear mongering propaganda . 
  but yeah just say all germans are butthurt that britain is n't playing to the rules of their fourth reich , what a genius argument . 
  of course , the whole western world , if not the whole world , will be affected by britain leaving the eu . 
  also , while i think it 's funny , mocking germany about hitler and german is n't the most creative thing . 
  i do n't know for sure , but i recently read an article that it is n't that clear . 
  i do n't know , money does n't safe you from a war and an ak shooting at you , so i do n't see how money changes your refugee status . 
  the human rights say we need to take refugees and we all agreed to them and let 's not ignore them , too many nation do n't give a shit about them already . 
  what makes you think that all gon na stay ? 
  the majority of the balkan refugees in germany returned home after the wars were over . 
  yeah we could put them all into camps in greece , but again i do n't think that 's going to conform human rights . 
  also , it 's just unfair to greece . 
  then we need to make it happen . 
  the majority of eu members voted for a distribution , so we need to fine every nation that does n't follow it . 
  that is what merkel is trying to do . 
  but we also have to take real refugees or at least we should , because we definitely can do it better than any other place on earth . 
  well last time the eu members decided to push for a redistribution plan and they got one . 
  yeah , but that 's just not true . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  germany does not have a religion . 
  the afd will be almost non-existent in a year , just like the pirates are now . 
  i did n't say they do n't have a program besides immigration . 
  no one is gon na vote afd because they support a non immigration policy of them . 
  keep in mind that the afd has no political sense besides the immigration issue . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/top-20-of-earners-pay-84-of-income-tax-1428674384 seems like there is a paywall if you do n't come from google . 
  so you can just google for the title and read it completely , 
  well , i guess the most afghan migrants are actual refugees and have a reason to flee their country . 
  i think you are underestimating the effect of feeling welcome or not on overall happiness . 
  i guess they did n't flee immediate danger , only poverty , so it 's understandable people would rather live in poverty while feeling welcome than living in better poverty while feeling unwelcome . 
  there are opinions that need to be banned . 
  carrying together all jews and burn them in ovens should probably be illegal even if the majority of people want it . 
  democracy , just like freedom , needs to have boundaries in order to provide safety for everyone . 
  there are still rules and laws in a democracy . 
  go to greece , i heard stuff got really cheap there + awesome weather . 
  can i somehow find out who the guys around him are ? 
  these numbers seem to be there for a reason . 
  up until pretty recently austria was as german as prussia , hesse or bavaria was . 
  hm i would argue we had the same ruling dynasty for a millennium , as we were in the hre . 
  there were also a lot of other german states fighting against the prussians who ended up in germany . 
  huge parts of germany are catholic , germany does n't really have a main religion . 
  one of the few things why austria did n't end up in germany in the first place was because they did n't want to let go their empire , that 's true , but that does n't make them more different ? 
  pfff the real real kaiser is from aachen !, 
  what 's your definition of twin countries if germany and austria are n't twins ? 
  how about charlemagne 2.0 with france added and aachen as the capital ? 
  maybe we can marry merkel and faymann ? 
  the capital should be were our chancellor is from , like in the hre . 
  closest twin - austria best ally - france would n't mind joining country - austria ( come back :'( ) and netherlands . 
  tell that to the koreas . 
  but they do n't want to come here !!!! 1 ! 1 !, 
  we have to respect that !!, 
  for real , this sub is a fucking joke , it scares me that most people here can vote . 
  26 of 27 eu nations think this is a possible solution . 
  france and cyprus vetoed because of other reasons . 
  what 's wrong about visa free travel ? 
  that does n't mean there will be no passport checks . 
  there is no way turkey will join the eu any time soon , even with the proposal . 
  ... maybe we can turn it into an international european territory !, 
  ehh i actually find the english news kind of weird , at least the stuff that get posted here . 
  they use so much fear to make sensational articles and often have black white views . 
  well , according to op the swedish media is also brainwashing swedish citizens , so do n't take him too seriously . 
  i know i 'm a minority in this sub , but i 'm completely fine with missing out some investments and help hundred thousand of people instead . 
  where did i say everyone will find a job ? 
  yeah a few . 
  these 1 million refugees in germany are n't in one spot . 
  they are spread out on the whole country . 
  that 's such a bad analogy . 
  no one is breaking something , you will actually end up with more people here working and consuming things .
