  perfect !, 
  when do they start at the nearby bank ? 
  its a european problem . 
  because half of europe bitched about eus plan to help border countries, 
  if they bring their trains with free wifi , yes please !, 
  from everything i hear halle is like the wanna-be leipzig . 
  can you already let it go ? 
  we really need sea in aachen . 
  at least in germany leipzig tends to attract more and more young people and students . 
  according to the german constitution private property also needs to serve the public weal . 
  housing refugees in otherwise empty commercial property is definitely in the interest of the public weal . 
  sooooo ... how the hell do other countries train someone new jobs ? 
  its the most obvious thing to send the a new person to help a master so he can learn it . 
  `` its fine for streets , but do n't dare to host brown people in it ! '', 
  some analyst from ard thinks russia is meddling in syria right now to distract their population from an ukraine compromise . 
  nah you fucked up . 
  just ally us already . 
  pretty weird we call standardgerman `` hochdeutsch '' because traditional high german referred to southern dialects . 
  no one has to work to live in germany . 
  why do people work ? 
  we do n't have less jobs . 
  do you think it 's possible to have under 5 % unemployment in germany with no jobs ? 
  200 years ago 95 % of working people were farmers . 
  are we all jobless now ? 
  no , we invented new jobs . 
  we will invent new jobs all the time . 
  robots will not solve the aging population problem . 
  look what robots did 50 years ago and what they are doing now . 
  do we have less jobs ? 
  sorry , should have wrote the combined eu forces . 
  because no one is gon na attack the eu and please do n't act like the us is needed to defend it . 
  because europe alone with its second biggest army in the world ca n't defend themselves . 
  it is . 
  this is / r/europe after all . 
  living near that camp near cassel on the front page right now . 
  you see them , that 's it . 
  they even take trash bags and clean up the street they walk to the next supermarket . 
  so if you are likely to die in in your home country you will get asylum ? 
  weird . 
  a military that involves germany is n't going around the globe intervening left and right , france is one of the few countries who still does this sometimes . 
  and thanks to president trump we even get a shiny new tower in frankfurt !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/millennium_tower_ ( frankfurt ), 
  looking at the uk and the us , i 'm fine with our boring politicians . 
  does it really change anything ? 
  if there were problems portugal could just nationalise it again . 
  they would fit right into the black sea !, 
  i just do n't think its that outstanding . 
  romania , bulgaria , greece ? 
  portugal , netherlands ? 
  what ? 
  spain , germany ? 
  thats pretty close is n't it ? 
  surely we can do other things better to keep them here instead of introducing tuition fees ? 
  because some will stay . 
  how does the fact that they were democratically elected change the fact that they are xenophobic and populist ? 
  i mean it will get better if more bankers go there . 
  it 's not just the bankers that are coming , it 's also the money , restaurants , clubs , cafes etc coming with them . 
  triggered, 
  our vice chancellor proposed to give young pro eu brits german citizenship . 
  well that 's a pretty nice flat is n't it ? 
  https://www.wg-gesucht.de/wg-zimmer-in-berlin.8.0.0.0.html the first twelve pages are just from today . 
  pls take russias, 
  yeah but you are also living with your parents . 
  good luck with having amazing house parties and having wierd sleeping times . 
  they could spend 1/3 of their gdp on it and they would just spend as much as the us . 
  why would they not employ greeks in greece ? 
  ww1 was between more or less equal nations . 
  russia is a joke compared to the us or eu, 
  russia has a lower gdp than nyc , how the hell does anyone expect them to be a serious threat to nato nations ? 
  she should just hold a referendum , its not like that 's something where experts are needed . 
  google the tilte , usually there is no paywall if you come from google . 
  you want greece to take in one million refugees ? 
  this has nothing to do with the russian people . 
  next step : start to support separatist movements in russia . 
  traveling takes ages with a bus . 
  that 's what you get from scaring mutti . 
  just give them alcohol and you will be fine , 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fack2knc08e the vast majority of people get richer every day . 
  people stop having many kids at a certain wealth . 
  just look at asia , where it stopped already . 
  world population will stop at 11 billion and there are more than enough resources to support that, 
  implying dutchies are n't germans . 
  eh , we somehow ended up in afghanistan as well . 
  hey man they have cool clubs there, 
  you hardly have to pay taxes as student ( at least in germany ) , that 's why it 's `` not bad paid '' . 
  alright , but mutti has to stay chancellor !, 
  well , there were colonies until the 50s and 60s , they did n't care that much about self determination . 
  well germany did n't declare on france or the uk in ww2 . 
  does this matter ? 
  austrians are just bavarians with their own country . 
  they is no way a computer will make more errors or cause more accidents that a human . 
  they are n't from the same party . 
  just because they both are provided europeans does n't mean they share the same views . 
  i did for some time . 
  most people had it before that so they did n't have to pay and got a lifelong version . 
  english/french or english/latin, 
  because then germany would need to have a say on what greece spents it 's money , good luck with that . 
  nah you have to attack in winter , so your troops are still next to your border while it 's cold . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg it is, 
  you think netflix hungary has the same movies as the uk just in hungarian ?
