  that 's german . 
  honestly we should just use english , everything different would be stupid . 
  i think a lot of people would be fine with it as it 's the defacto world language anyway , at least in the western world . 
  often top economists are mathematicians . 
  no , i was asking if they could have passed as muslims in your observations . 
  what 's with italians ? 
  spaniards , portuguese ? 
  [ nordsee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordsee ) is a german food chain . 
  looks really similar . 
  yes the bottom is the coldest part , but usually the vegetable box is separated with a glass plate , so the cold air does n't get there . 
  iirc the vegetable box at the bottom is often warmer than the rest . 
   do we trust the media with all the slurs of `` fake news '' and the iffy reliability of many news sources right now ? 
  yes , were there any significant incidents that showed the big news agencys are lying ? 
   i can understand being against ukraine joining the eu right now , but how can you be against an association process that is aimed to lift ukraine on an eu level ? 
  what is kind of insane . 
  i can understand being against ukraine joining the eu right now , but how can you be against an association process that is aimed to lift ukraine on an eu level ? 
  i do n't think that this is overlooked much . 
  the trick is to just vomit , it gets better real fast after that . 
  `` nato must be dissolved and replaced by a collective security system including russia '' i do n't think she wants to switch sides , she just wants to include russia in a less american lead security union . 
  i do n't know if thats a good idea though . 
  never heard that, 
  switzerland seems to disagree, 
  i mean , that 's kind of what the us is doing all over the world, 
  i 'm all for our franco-german-benelux superbloc !, 
  then there is paris with 21,000 . 
  i think they got the idea for the union jack from [ this ] ( http://medias.photodeck.com/a36525fc-3314-11e1-b8cf-85e58d8eaf61/jasonhawkes-8873_xlarge.jpg ) beautiful garden, 
  tradition, 
  like i said elsewhere , it 's better to be naive than cynical . 
  why do anything at all if you just say `` it 's not going help anyway '' ? 
  yeah , there might be better ways , but she is still helping and she will reach a few people . 
  i do n't think she expects to reach out to the war leaders in syria . 
  she wants to raise awareness in germany and europe that there is still a war going on . 
  a lot of people who scream `` refugees out '' seem to forget that . 
  everyone knows coca cola , there are still commercials advertising it . 
  it 's better to be naive than cynical . 
  you can try it with europes national borders : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c9/map_of_world_by_intentional_homicide_rate.svg/863px-map_of_world_by_intentional_homicide_rate.svg.png, 
  seems like flanders is winning !, 
  there is more than co2 emissions . 
  we love you , too , dutchies < 3, 
  that was on mapporn was n't it ? 
   how was it this year ? 
  it 's always raining in aachen . 
  what do they expect ? 
  all stores in munich are closed by 8pm lmao, 
  yes exactly , that 's why the media is reporting on it more than on `` native crimes '' , hate and `` us-vs-them '' are strong feelings that will sell more newspapers . 
  but they are also creating the impression that foreigners commit a lot more crimes by doing that . 
  no , i think it 's more like negative news that include muslims are more likely to be reported . 
  there were 300 murders in germany last year , almost none of these were reported in the `` tagesschau '' , the main german news show . 
  then , when a muslim refugees killed a woman , a lot of media created a shitstorm why tagesschau was n't reporting on it and how they try to hide it . 
  it 's based on what headline sells the most . 
  uh , i mean , we kind of did a thing or two to stop that . 
  not that i do n't agree with you by the way . 
  how is a debt relief money from greek taxpayers ? 
  they can , but then they have to do it without free money from others . 
  merkel is a really good chancellor , too , even if you do n't agree with her views . 
  the party leader also is in the party , he has the most say in what the party wants . 
   they make what will appeal to the majority of people . 
  aka what tastes the best, 
  you can sell it , just not as `` beer '' . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't make quality products , but the big companies spend years of research and development to consistently create a good taste . 
  what makes you think you can do it better at home than these huge companies with their laboratories and millions of euros ? 
  muslims integrated pretty well into germany . 
  integration does n't mean become just like your ideal view of germans . 
  yes , we do that , too . 
  wait , you do n't ? 
  in germany we still have to pay fees when we go to another bank . 
  i did n't find an english article without a clickbait title and most of them were n't allowed on here . 
  so here is a german one , the study is linked in it . 
  just like a week ago there was a study saying the refugees in germany largely share the values of germans , like freedom and democracy . 
  other countries did that , too . 
  half of iraq is still in a civil war . 
  yeah that would suck , if you were a racist . 
   besides looking at previous waves of refugees , a whole lot of people end up staying despite being a refugee is supposed to be temporary . 
  like ? 
  we send back almost all bosnians when the wars ended . 
   any data to support that ? 
  well , their cases were accepted , to begin with, 
  i guess these refugees are n't retarded and can learn some skills as well . 
  also , where do you have tens of millions of unemployed ? 
  kind of embarrassing for the uk, 
  it does say combat-ready aircraft . 
  what would be modern then ? 
  germany also has more aircraft . 
  also , if you are low educated you are more likely to compete with refugees on the job market . 
  and as we all know we ended the sanctions because of germany right ? 
  his post was about the internet `` being free '' . 
  what ? 
  do you think it should be legal to download pirated stuff ? 
  to hack other people and steal their personal data ? 
  to call for slaughter of other people ? 
  could still be something different that is holding you on the ground . 
  the internet is not supposed to be free , there are rules and laws , even on the internet . 
  when do you people get that ? 
  yeah because they come through greece, 
  going to australia after school is a german national tradition by now . 
  prussias friedrich ii was pretty cool . 
  he really does speak like a 10 years old . 
  they are best known for a whole style of beer : pilsner . 
  oh god , is it r/yurop ? 
  warsaw is just 10 $ cheaper than berlin ?
