  where is the problem ? 
  by ` we ' i obviously meant the eu government . 
  and no , the local people should n't decide a fair distribution in the whole eu . 
  this works both ways . 
  eastern europe will surely be better off by refusing to take in some refugees once the eu falls apart and all the german investments disappear . 
  why do n't you read it up in wikipedia ? 
  last time i checked france + germany had about 17 % of the seats in the eu parliament while having 25 % of eus population and 37 % of its gdp . 
  nothing was okay in italy and greece . 
  you should give reading a try . 
  google how we would select these refugees for the quotas . 
  that 's not undemocratic , but not caring about the outcome of the vote and just doing what you want is . 
  but i do n't see eastern europe doing that . 
  they just sit there and close their eyes . 
  when the majority of the eu countries decide the eu should distribute refugees fairly to all eu countries it 's undemocratic to just say you do n't want to . 
  xenophobic populism is the politic in eastern europe now . 
  and who were kind of caused by the u.s. 
  i would put the u.s. right up there , too , if i were from the middle east . 
  germany did not close its borders . 
  the us is probably a greater threat to them than the isis is to us . 
  taking skin colour as a criteria . 
  and western europe is giving eastern europe shit tons of money to do that . 
  damn , i really thought this sub was more intelligent and everyone agrees africa did n't chose to be that shithole it now is . 
  well , the visengrad group blocked the eu approach . 
  if they were n't so stubborn we could have had a secure outer border and huge refugee hotspots on the shengen outer borders already . 
  lol i thought this was about how no one has the right to a higher living standard than others just because he was born somewhere fortunate . 
  but no , the author somehow managed to use this reason to say some people deserve starving and fighting in civil wars . 
  you forgot it 's september . 
  yeah international laws will surely prevent illegal smuggler from sinking their boat . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af that 's basically all what the human race is doing . 
  german militarys bad reputation is 90 % media created . 
  how comes the g36 seems to have problems only in germany ? 
  iirc regarding this naval helicopter , some reports found it might will have problems with rust after 10 years or something like that . 
  yeah no shit it 's a naval helicopter after all , it will work perfectly fine . 
  our media just loves to blame someone . 
  this is simply not true , why is everyone repeating it ? 
  merkel does n't welcome all refugees , there are still many asylum applications being denied and we did n't closed our borders , we reinstall controls . 
  it will not become true even if you post it 10 times a day . 
  yes , with you leaving and france not getting their shit together we will be the only working economy in europe . 
  we will get blamed for litterally everything . 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ dont ^ ^ leave ^ ^ us ^ ^ alone ^ ^ :(, 
  these are normal migrants , not refugees . 
  germany has 1.5 million polish migrants , so what ? 
  we do n't have them in germany . 
  did someone from the german government even say ` we ca n't take them anymore ! ', 
  or did the author think it sounds great ? 
  the people of europe did elect him , not directly tho . 
  you have a vote for your countries government , which together with every other european nations government nominates the eu commission president and a vote for the eu parliament , which votes for the nominated eu commissioners . 
  yeah it 's a good old european tradition after all . 
  we had border controls during the g20 or g7 meeting ( do n't remember correctly ) a few month ago , too . 
  i do n't think it 's the end of shengen, 
  as a uk citizen you are a citizen of the eu and juncker is your president . 
  because switzerland had only one culture before . 
  they call themselves national democratic party . 
  it 's the german far right party with lots of new nazis . 
  you do n't understand it !, 
  after all eastern europeans are white !, 
  this slogan is not from 1940 . 
  it 's like 3-4 years old , npd is the modern day nazi party . 
  so you are saying we just should have killed the jews before the nazis came so they could n't use their religion as an enemy picture ? 
  its says `` money for grandma , instead of sinti & roma '', 
  this is the only way ? 
  how about giving them enough food so they do n't have to fight for it ? 
  and people wonder why the refugees do n't want to stay in hungary . 
  the police is acting like they are some fucking animals in a zoo . 
  you are kidding right ? 
  italy and greece had problems with refugees for several years now . 
  to be fair , the dublin agreement is really stupid . 
  it gives all the responsibility to greece and italy . 
  but the rule to let italy and greece handle it all is stupid . 
  rest of europe should n't just say : ` yeah dublin 2 says the first entry country is responsible ' because it 's just these two , which is really unfair . 
   also , this shows german position towards all those people who have died in donbass . 
  it is nice to know the position on humaniarian aid from a country which talks about human rights the most . 
  according to this logic polands stance on refugees shows its position towards all those 220.000 people who died in syria ? 
  frances plans to control germany never really worked out that well for the rest of europe ... 
  taking refugees is n't a bad thing either . 
  luckily you do n't have an economy and no bank will lend money to you heh ? 
  good guy germany giving constantinople back to yurop . 
  to be fair , they are basically the same . 
  telekom is not planning to build fiber cables . 
  they want to upgrade the old telecommunication cables with new software to get ~ 50 mbit for a really limited amount of people . 
  yes , finland is pretty high too . 
  we should get back to a monarchy , maybe we can get a pu with the uk ... 
  it does if the outcome means the rest of the eu has to give greece more money . 
  germanic union ? 
  anyone ? 
  we can let the uk out if necessary . . 
  you know hitler did n't start with saying he wants to build camps and kill all jews ? 
  i think he did , but he contributed the most out of all mods , similar to the dclauzel screenshots . 
  refugees are not going to destroy european culture . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i have to admit that this sub went to shit after davidreiss or however he was named left . 
  these germans ... must be in their genes or something , 
  you really wo n't to compare ukraine to syria ? 
  there are 220.000 dead people in syria , the war is all over their country . 
  they have no where to go beside europe . 
  syrians neighbours are full with refugees . 
  meanwhile in ukraine like 75 % of their country is pretty safe . 
  that 's the definition of racism . 
  for comparison : the syrian civil war killed approximately 220.000 people until march this year . 
  yes , merkel just stated we need to do that .
