  they lived a few hundred years in austria-hungary, 
  `` stupid europe , why are they even ruling themselves , we should do that '' - why ww1 and 2 happened . 
  wind looks pretty similar to germany , i do n't see us having problems with wind . 
  you can also build huge parks in the baltic sea . 
  at some point you really need to stop blaming everything on the soviets . 
  you agreed to the eu rule that you wo n't do special tax deals , yes the eu should have the ability to punish you if you do n't follow the rule . 
  i guess we would have attacked at least france if they didnt join anyway . 
  i do n't think complete free trade is in the best interest of most of the brexit voters ... 
  eh just a local skirmish !, 
  clearly we did n't start the world war !, 
  nah people from kiel definitely have a dialect . 
  if you consider standard german as no dialect , the area between kassel and hannover hardly speaks any dialect . 
  is alcohol cheaper in finland ? 
  when do you people understand that eu member nations are not fully sovereign ? 
  i mean they are , they can leave the eu any time , but they choose to not do that . 
  it 's crazy how different british and german newspaper are . 
  there is absolutely no way something like this would be printed in germany , unless it 's a almost far right , anti eu paper . 
  yeah alright movies and tv is another thing . 
  what does mcdonald 's in germany have to do with the us market ? 
  it 's just the brand that comes from there , i highly doubt there is something in my burger that went through the us market here in germany . 
  the us being more entrepreneur friendly still does n't chance the fact that the eu market is more important . 
  i 've seen arguments that we do n't exactly know if and how many deaths the extra emussions from vw caused , so i 'm not sure if it 's truly worse . 
  but i think the eu market will still be more important than the us market . 
  it 's way more integrated in worldwide trade with russia and the middle east right beside and asia and africa just behind them . 
  outside of the internet , software and iphones i can barely think of any us product here in germany . 
  edit : oh yeah , and nike of course, 
  do you think , if an us company did what vw did , the fine would be as high as vws ? 
  i do n't think apple will leave , they will have to stay in the eu and surely wont get a better deal in any eu country . 
  i just wonder why we stopped building nice things , modern architecture can be really ugly . 
  haha yeah sure, 
  we have a distribution system in germany , bavaria does n't even get the most refugees . 
   so for you the same question than . 
  why do you guys see it as a pro argument that there is prove that above-wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator germany will ignore the needs of below wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator-germany ? 
  ehh bavaria has much more say in germany than they actually should have . 
  just look how often seehofer gets interviews/speak time compared to hannelore kraft from nrw , which has ~ ~ almost twice ~ ~ the population of bavaria ( okay just 50 % more ) . 
  adding austria will give the south even more power . 
  why not ? 
  as germany was supposed to be a national state of all germans i guess it would just feel right to have every german included . 
  other than that i do n't think there are many reasons , it 's not that important today as all european states work together anyway . 
  well it 's not like germany and bavaria share the exact same opinions . 
  you would fit right in !, 
  i mean , if there were real movements over the whole population in germany and austria ( do n't worry , there are n't ) , what are the other eu nations supposed to do ? 
  just say no while telling all other states about self-determination and international law ? 
  so we get our anschluss ? 
  edit :  to gain more influence over eu policy , austria should form a `` union within the union '' together with slovenia , croatia , the czech republic and hungary , [ hofer said ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-29/austria-populists-soften-eu-stance-as-brexit-shapes-campaigning ) . 
  seems like he wants the other empire , dream is dead boys :(, 
  no it 's not better . 
  non-shithole states are not supposed to discriminate based on religion . 
  yeah it 's up to the country to decide who they let in , if there are valid reasons . 
  having a certain faith is not a valid reason , we 're supposed to be secular . 
  what she actually said is `` it 's not okay for eu nations to say ` we do n't want any muslims at all in our country ' '' . 
  i think she is right with that . 
  you know that hungary was also the first country to say `` fuck the dublin treaty '' and let them all go to germany ? 
   like the regulation on how a banana must look like there is no regulation on how a banana must look like . 
  well and 200 years ago 95 % of people were farmers . 
  what laws ? 
  you can always force someone to unveil themselves or leave on your private property . 
  this ban is about public space . 
  everyone should wear what they want in public . 
  retaliate for what ? 
  what 's frances stance on this ? 
  is there a possibility that the eu rules against such a ban ? 
  i would love to see the reactions if that happened . 
  yeah it 's all the fault of u/laboe , buhh !, 
  who needs love when you have alcohol ? 
  just stop giving a shit what other people do as long as they do n't harm you . 
  yeah , but everybody knows that . 
  it 's not really seen as a genuine newspaper ... 
  i hope . 
  it is , integration is n't happening over one day . 
  then ? 
  they need to stay home . 
  thats exactly what she was saying , such a ban actually hinders integration . 
  so they just have to stay home ? 
  in case you did n't noticed , we are n't importing all of them . 
  we are right in the middle of it and have the most people , it 's just natural the most power is in berlin . 
  it would be weird if it was n't . 
  if there is a reasonable chance they get killed in thier home country , deporting them is kind of like a death sentence . 
  you ca n't remove/prevent every crime . 
  problem ? 
  seems to work quite well . 
  humiliated, 
  you would n't need weekly tests with these tho . 
  in germany they are working without any tests . 
  mislead verb ( used with object ) , misled , misleading . 
  1 . to lead or guide wrongly ; lead astray . 
  2 . to lead into error of conduct , thought , or judgment . 
  maybe it 's clearer now . 
  yes they only work if you press both safety buttons with each hand so you do n't accidentally beat your own hand . 
  you have never been in a festival right ? 
  they can just block ad block users , like many news sites are already doing it . 
  because energy is not part of the sanctions ... 
  hitler had a funny defintion of small slices . 
   the country has very few restrictions on people 's dress . 
  and it really should stay that way . 
  btw , why is there a paragraph for each sentence , or is this just on my tablet ? 
   a refugee is grateful for not having to dodge bullets , having a roof over his head , and getting decent food . 
  ... until they realise this is what they will do for the next 5-10 years . 
  no human in any situation just wants to sit around for that many years and do nothing . 
  that 's a prison situation .
