* the time of the elves is over , my people are leaving these shores . 
  who will you look to when we 've gone * just kidding . 
  cringed when i saw this description . 
  white people rape , too . 
  this is not about refugees . 
   the whole world knows the history . 
  because everything we learn about history is true . 
  do you still use this foreign legion song former used by the ss ? 
  of course . 
  if they buy something they will pay vat . 
  to be honest i do n't think saying `` i do n't care about your race , but i think your culture is inferior and i do n't want it here '' is any better than basing it on race . 
   all i 'm saying is that i 'd be happier opening my home to my neighbours than to strangers . 
  people who have shared in my history . 
  people who 's country i have visited many times . 
  people who 's culture i love . 
  yeah and obviously that 's xenophobic . 
   i think in truth most people would be much happier taking in refugees from a neighbouring country , than people from half a world away . 
  but no way you are racist and xenophobic , 
  is lebanons economy comparable to germanys ? 
  ah kreuzberg , the favourite neighbourhood for hippies and students . 
  do we ? 
  in my experience they speak better german than turkish , go to school and university , to public clubs and parties . 
  germans with migration background are generally higher educated . 
  edit : sorry i just remembered this article and did n't read it again before posting . 
  it indeed says only 14 % of turkish people have an abitur . 
  still , it 's false to say these people are n't integrated . 
  reddit is a tabloid . 
  at least this sub since the greece crisis . 
  lol opposite ends . 
  in english you can do more or less the same , you just put spaces in between . 
  nothing personal , but how old are you ? 
  if you just got into your early twenties , you simply did n't care what happened before and you probably did n't read the news daily etc , so it seems to you crime and bad stuff increased lately . 
  at least that happens to me . 
   that 's never how it worked before , its just a lame excuse for not wanting to help welcome to / r/europe , 90 % of anti refugee agruments are lame excuses for not wanting to help , the lamest being `` they do n't want to saty in my country ! '', 
  rather then having east and west germany , we should give bavaria to austria . 
  i do n't see how the eu is lacking democracy . 
  it 's working almost like most of the eu countries democracy . 
  also , it 's germany 's fault bad stuff happens . 
  no they wo n't . 
  do you see the mongol empire nearly as present as ww2 ? 
  it 's estimated that the mongols killed half of worlds population . 
  yes it is . 
  this idea comes from the eu itself , i think juncker mentioned it first . 
  you probably should take some weeks vacation from reddit . 
  the german influence in the eu is n't nearly as high as the reddit anti-german circlejerk says . 
  you clearly could see it during the greece crisis when there were 2 or 3 countries `` in favour of greece '' and the rest pro austerity . 
  germany wanted greece out of the euro , so they can default and get their economy okayish and let them join again . 
  did that happen ? 
  no , greece got another bailout . 
  that 's not true . 
  they get 352 $ cash and they do n't have to pay for an apartment and heating . 
  what i do n't get is how you are so sure refugees want to stay in germany at all cost . 
  why do you think that ? 
  right now they want to got to germany because we giving them food , housing and some money , which is more than they get in other countries , but when we stop providing that ... why would they still come here ? 
  lol you think refugees in germany get 1000 $ per month ? 
  even most people of / r/europe think germany is inviting all of them and giving them hundreds of euros for doing nothing . 
  you cant expect them to know better . 
  they would have to get registered in eastern europe and will stay there because they simply cant survive in germany without food , housing or some money . 
   now , maybe half of middle east is on the way to europe , because of those stupid `` welcome refugee '' signs and mama merkel . 
  yeah ... no , germany expected 1 million this year . 
  i do n't think there are living 2 million people in the middle east . 
  there was the genuine need to take some pressure off greece and italy when we said we wo n't send them back . 
  now there have been a few eu meetings about refugees and they probably have a general idea how to handle the crisis , so they can continue enforcing laws there is no 180 turn . 
  10 years is not old . 
  the f-35 jet is almost 10 years old and pretty much up to date . 
  the whole german government should step down because other european countries do n't like their policies ? 
  people with migration background generally have a higher education level than people with no immigration background in germany . 
  this place went full 1930 . 
   the people you defend do worse things than the worst thing you 'll ever hear from an european . 
  and you are calling me brainwashed . 
  do you genuinely believe europeans are better humans ? 
  what will you answer when your grandchildren ask why they ca n't insult people on the internet anymore ?? 
  also , they will not get welfare in germany . 
  alright , call it discrimination . 
  still not allowed under reddit rules . 
  oh yeah i forgot europeans are genetically not able to commit crimes . 
  you ca n't just go out and say nothing is racist because it 's against a culture . 
  his comment is definitely racist . 
  i think indonesia is quite decent , too bad there is some water between them and the middle east . 
  i do n't want to take saudi arabia as a role model for europe . 
  why would i compare europe to them ? 
  also , i 'm pretty sure europe has the ability to house way more than 3.5 million refugees . 
  literally everyone can get a knife and kill someone . 
  should we shoot everyone now ? 
  because either you do n't want to listen to eu approaches or solutions , even refuse to discuss an european solution , in what case i do n't see a point of an union , or you bring retarded pseudo arguments aka `` they do n't want to live here '' `` should we jail them if they go back to germany ? '', 
  `` we have no money '' `` they are destroying our culture '' , in what case you are just xenophobic and i do n't think xenophobia works well with the eu . 
  there is a difference in building a border fence and temporary controlling borders to build new capacities to put all the refugees in . 
  please note : this is the impression i get from eastern europeans on reddit and their governments , i 'm pretty sure they are some different thinking people out there , 
  have you sources for your claims that there is more violence and deaths now ? 
  absolute or relativ more deaths ? 
  it 's fault of the media people not from syria feel invited , merkel clearly said we wo n't send back syrians to the first entry country . 
  she is damaging the eu ? 
  i think eastern europe is damaging the eu with they childish stubborn behaviour or their xenophobia , either case they do n't belong to the eu if they act like this . 
  in case you did n't notice , the majority of germans are welcoming refugees . 
  the law against hate speech is already existing . 
  germany just wants facebook to follow it . 
  well , yeah it depends how much you value the eu , but i think in this case it 's an european problem , which demands an european solution . 
  kind of funny how one sentence can make your whole post invalid . 
  you are looking at national democracies , in which case you would be right , but we need to look at the european democracy , in which case some nation might do n't want things the majority of the eu nations want , but doing want the majority wants is still democratic . 
  sure the czech republic can decide to refuse refugees on their own , but germany has its good right to refuse giving them money in their own , too .
