  yeah the sun is always in the background iirc . 
  kind of makes sense as the sun is always there , just covered by clouds in cloudy areas . 
  finally someone appreciating our hard work . 
  rip my exams . 
  the queen is german , you can hate even more on us !, 
  are you retarded ? 
  russia is not the only country with propaganda . 
  dude , do you really believe russians are just bad persons and want every westerner to die ? 
  oh no , a comedian makes jokes !, 
  you are linking a urban dictionary article to prove that russians call europe gayrope ? 
  your last source still says `` western '' and not europe in particular . 
  there is a difference between europe and usa imo . 
  do we need to remove democracy now ? 
  yeah that was 100 % serious . 
  haircut means debt cut for greece . 
  actually , that 's working out quite well . 
  was really surprised when i researched that recently . 
  it shows in opinion about the usa . 
  well , russia does . 
  that 's why they introduced the ihdi . 
  also , they transferred 15 % interest debts into 3 % interest debts with that . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia#demographics ) says otherwise . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  why are we going backwards again ? 
  `` eine gro\u00dfe sportliche veranstaltung '' wtf , that sounds like they 're singing a wikipedia description . 
  the german version sounds thousand times better . 
  i 'm totally not biased . 
  if there are less young people , why would it be harder to find a job ? 
  now gib back tirol . 
  oh yeah i forgot germans are n't allowed to have an opinion anymore . 
  whoever let pride influence their political decisions should n't be a politician . 
  ah , the classic `` get a life '' argument . 
  works every time . 
  land and housing will never be worthless . 
  why do n't they buy something ? 
  you would rather have a house or some land as an investment than cash would n't you ? 
  just google jesus as hitler . 
  do we care ? 
  is n't 80 % pretty low ? 
  i think you can switch russians and muslims . 
   `` this is not about the eu . 
  ... '' secretly they are working on their greater united kingdom in europe . 
  i can imagine a united eu would be more friendly towards russia . 
  at least have some kind of free trade agreement regarding natural resources . 
  the us does n't really have interests in north africa , where the united eu will do some things to solve the immigration problem . 
  regarding china , india , japan and the rest of the world , the eu would just have ( more or less - ) free trade agreements . 
  we also could start a project to switch the places of england and australia !, 
  i do n't think a united eu would be easier to control , from an usa perspective , as it would n't really need the usa as an ally get more sovereign . 
  no way . 
  their blind fear of socialism would ruin everything . 
  you should add that the netherlands is one of the densest populated countries in europe . 
  it 's really not fair to say poland stole it . 
  we could establish our first eu protectorate . ^ ^ / s, 
  most people do n't want our army to have any mission outside of germany . 
  i think kosovo is a pretty good example why . 
  it 's pretty much the most fucked state in europe . 
  there is no way germany will take the leadership role . 
  the shitstorm from all over europe will be huge . 
  ha , always knew they were polish death camps . 
  why ? 
  hesse never received . 
  this thread was about europe . 
  moscow . 
   the only time the weather is ` quite nice ' is when you are comfortable wearing pants and a t-shirt outside . 
  that 's way to hot and you should complain . 
  nice is when you wear jeans and a really light jacket . 
  i 'm do n't really have a dialect ( north-hesse ) and i had no problem understanding luxembourgish . 
  why is this considered as a language ? 
  i do n't think that 's comparable . 
  i would absolutely not mind being french . 
  and i 'm not saying it makes someone happier belonging to one country . 
  it just does n't make a difference at all . 
  so many people on reddit would be happy about some action in form of a war . 
  its really sad . 
  i still do n't get how people are willing to fight and risk their lifes for their country . 
  do they really think they will be happier being ukrainian instead of russian/novorossian or vice versa ? 
  not even 1 % of your population is in jail , are you even trying anymore ? 
  south america has less inhabitants than europe ? 
  huh did n't know that . 
  only a few countries in the world value people more than money and influence . 
  would you really risk your life to not live under a german government ? 
  i think if would n't fight if the netherlands , france , the uk etc invade germany . 
  alright him french then . 
  that 's okay . 
  i think many people just do n't see a point in having a german army with the eu still existing . 
  they would rather see a european army . 
  i do n't get this argument . 
  so , because not all products are crap it 's fine ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they want to include the us in this `` collective security system '' . 
  why do you think they want to replace the us ? 
  yeah , france is like the true asshole of europe . 
  meh at least we fucked over france every time . 
  how much do you have to pay for that ? 
  why would we agree to possibly worse rules written by china or russia ? 
  its not possible for every person to know everything . 
  that 's why we have experts who govern for us . 
  because if your country decides to lower the co2 emission per kg from cars , car companies can sue the government . 
  i was on mobile , was n't that clear on the small screen :d, 
  well , they are called `` regional '' trains for a reason . 
  according to [ this ( german ) ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/fehmarnbelt-querung-daenisches-parlament-beschliesst-ostsee-tunnel-a-1031146.html ) denmark already approved the tunnel between r\u00f8dbyhavn and fehmarn .
