  or does that not count because they only oppressed non-europeans ? 
  well discriminating and oppressing jews was a common thing until 1945 , too . 
  same goes with ultra nationalism and imperialism , does that make the nazis okay and something to be proud of now ? 
   pushing the world into the industrial era many vaccines , industrial processes and radio are some more essential modern inventions . 
  would 've happened without oppressing millions . 
   parliamentary politics lol , what ? 
  i do n't think the british empire is responsible for democracy in * some * former colonies . 
   america i 'm pretty sure the uk was n't even the main source of emigrants to america . 
  does that justify being proud of it ? 
   that does n't mean you ca n't respect strength and cunning . 
  but that was not the question . 
  the poll was about * being proud * of it , not having respect . 
   we basically created the modern world what do you mean by that ? 
  does that matter ? 
  the poll was about being proud of it . 
  because they enslaved and killed several million people ? 
  its impressive , but nothing to be proud of . 
  source ? 
  but for germany to break the dublin regulation it needs every country between germany and the outer eu border to break it first . 
  belarus literally means white russia does n't it ? 
  im against sanctions , but iran is still the nation with the most executions . 
  what prevents france , spain or the uk from going full empire mode again ? 
  did they change ? 
  damn it i wanted to do this . 
  yeah if you look at wwi , wwii and the time before poles are clearly not able to manage and defend their own country , they are not really worth of an own country . 
  the only thing that keeps poland is the eu right now . 
  you can believe in fairy tales and some fundamental change - i do n't . 
  pretty retarded is n't it ? 
  and also six month of a pro refugee majority . 
   the moment you share a common border zone you ca n't just make up your own policies without consulting others yeah and the common policy in the schengen area is to let everyone pass unchecked is n't it ? 
  it 's the fault of every eu country and the eu to not control the outer borders . 
  if you want to blame germany do it because it chose to become a destination for refugees , not because it did n't control its borders . 
   there are no changes in law enforcement , only more talking , while at the same time several thousands of migrants are arriving daily . 
  ...  seems like a lot of people genuinely do n't like democracy . 
  so many are complaining about a lack of immediate action and too much discussion , but that 's what democracy is all about . 
  i prefer 2 weeks of discussion to blind actions . 
  well , i 'm not sure if you can call everything the government does and the majority wants populism . 
  to the reactions after cologne , maybe you could call that populism , but there have been many politicians from all parties warning about rushed actions and calling for a discussion first , what 's not really populist . 
  also merkel pushed for stricter asylum laws since the beginning of the refugee crisis , ca n't really call her populist now that she still tries it . 
  i 'm sorry but saying germany is responsibly for destroying schengen is just wrong . 
  you really can use the `` they passed 6 safe countries already ! '', 
  argument here . 
  germany is nowhere near the schengen border , while merkels `` invitation '' clearly caused more people trying to reach germany , is it really only germanys fault that they can just walk through half of europe ? 
  why do n't you blame at least the eu for that ? 
  can i ask why you think they are useless ? 
  they did exactly what the majority of germans wanted with the open refugee policy . 
  after cologne , when the public opinion changed a bit to the right , they introduced new ideas how to react to criminal refugees , they ramped up deportations of denied asylum seekers . 
  i almost want to say the german government does the most in actually reacting to the refugee crisis and solving it . 
  many many other countries just close there eyes and say that 's not their problem . 
  yeah i do n't get that either . 
  seems like a lot of people genuinely do n't like democracy . 
  so many are complaining about a lack of immediate action and too much discussion , but that 's what democracy is all about . 
  what 's the literal meaning of rakousko ? 
  well blame the english for using the wrong word for modern day germans . 
  there is a difference between germanen and deutsche in german . 
  also , what makes austria not german ? 
  germans were a thing long before 1871 , prussia was n't called german but there were germans . 
  germany was supposed to be a nation with everyone who speaks german , so austria was supposed to be in an united germany . 
  some songs even include the german speaking parts of switzerland to be german lands . 
  i think because cappuccino was invented in austria . 
  could be wrong tho . 
  life is not a france campaign . 
  i was talking about kassel , germany . 
  well it 's not like a mayor of a 10k town , or any politician really , can just go out and do exactly what they want to do . 
  there are laws , restrictions , money limitations , other people not agreeing with him etc etc. 
  i think it 's because the expectations of a club night got really `` movie like '' in the last maybe 5 years . 
  people want one big fancy club where they think all the cool people are going with stylish interior and expensive drinks . 
  many small clubs in smaller towns closed because everyone just went into one or two big clubs in the nearest biggest city . 
  that said , i feel like this is changing into the other direction right now . 
  in my home city there opened like two or three underground techno/electro clubs in the last year . 
  people realized were the real fun is  edit : also i ca n't blame anyone preferring festivals , the whole atmosphere is million times better than in a night club . 
  did n't they just complain that someone compared them to putin ? 
  get smart, 
  someone should tell all the populists that there were 10 rapes at the oktoberfest last year . 
  they achieved a lot of other stuff besides the button did n't they ? 
  i think the button is a bit over the top tho . 
  90 % of this sub thinks she meant it the way the comic describes . 
  definitely increased , seeing how it really got normal to take off a year after school and go to australia , new zealand or america to just have some experience and fun . 
  or how my parents had to start working at the age of 15/16 and today it 's pretty much expected/the norm to have an abitur or go to university . 
  university is free and apprenticeships did n't changed too much i think . 
  they accept paypal . 
  yeah it 's not that bad as i described , but it ca n't get quite annoying . 
  the biggest netflix option costs 12 $ here in germany and offers 4 simultaneous streams on 4 different devices , aka you and three of your friends can have one account , so every one needs to pay 3 $ . 
  it really is n't that much for the convenience . 
  * try find a movie without a nice interface or suggestion list * * find a working download link * * hope the quality is n't completely shit * * meh , movie not that good , downloaded for nothing *, 
  sky had the rights of the third season house of cards in germany , so netflix only had the first two seasons of their own show . 
  i hope we will have an united digital market soon ... 
  she suggested staying away one arm length from strangers `` is always an option '' . 
  it 's stupid , but it 's nowhere near a code of conduct . 
  meh , would be nice to have a visual tree with all the links . 
  they must be a bot somewhere collecting all links and their structures right ? 
  [ denmark-germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fehmarn_belt_fixed_link#/media/file:ostseequerungen.jpg ), 
  the flaw is to assume people who risked their life to get to germany did it because they want to live on the bare minimum of income possible here while doing nothing . 
  they risked their fucking life - many died - they sure as hell are not going sit here doing nothing . 
  they will learn german , they will go to school , they will work , they came here to get a chance of a better life . 
  the difference between bavarians and austrians really is n't that big ... 
  but maybe that 's just me being a filthy northern german . 
  silly op , these people were n't brown , how can you compare that ? 
   germany is one of the most stable and prosperous countries in the world , it should n't be possible to just pass through it and apply somewhere else . 
  why do you think so ?
