  can you please link the psychological report stating breivik can not be rehabilitated ? 
  germany would never have that much red . 
  i can imagine they are really annoyed by the war in ukraine . 
  ukraine had by far the cheapest work hours in europe . 
  because its just an act of revenge . 
  do you really want to have a justice system based on the principle of revenge rather than rehabilitation ? 
  but you got ta love the british for [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2qj677/britain_has_surpassed_france_as_the_worlds_5th/cn6mauv ) , too . 
  i wonder what video we will see in this comment section . 
  talked to a classmate who studied one semester in switzerland , said he really enjoyed the time there . 
  and these evil prussians did n't even include them into germany . 
  i can understand they are mad at us . 
  what i do n't get is that many musicians/producer/publisher actually see youtube as free commercials and gema still blocks it all . 
  because its a generalization . 
  you ca n't really classify the whole political world as a spectrum from left to right , it 's way more complicated . 
  when did this sub become so right winged ? 
  yeah , it 's not like that . 
  a movie portraying the german life would be pretty boring :d das leben der anderen is a really good movie about former east germany . 
  and the world is black and white . 
  so what do you want to do ? 
  shut down all trades ? 
  good luck with producing enough food . 
  you will always be affected by europe , even if there would be no euro . 
  uhh , i do n't know for sure , but i can imagine the uk would need to give money to other countries if they were in the euro zone and such a balancing system would exist . 
  it 's unavoidable to have regions producing more than others and therefore having a trade surplus . 
  it 's happening everywhere . 
  what germany needs to do is to compensate their surplus by giving money to the deficit countries , [ like it 's happening between the german states already . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/laenderfinanzausgleich.png ), 
  did you ever played eu4 ? 
  the hate against poland is totally justified if you play a east german state . 
  hooded, 
  seriously . 
  i hate this - exit thing . 
  it 's amazing to think what a massive turn europe took . 
  70 years in the past there was so much hate everywhere . 
  maybe because they wear hats quite often ? 
  where did i see all nato members can drop their armies ? 
  i just think the 2 % gdp thing is enough and there is absolutely no reason to get more . 
  i do n't know his exact words , but recently putin called the forcefull occupation of the soviet union a mistake . 
  or something like that . 
  there is no way someone will attack a nato member . 
  if there are signs the nato will collapse i would understand investing in your military . 
  but there are no signs . 
  i would want to live in africa in case of a nuclear war . 
  africa , the ever forgotten continent . 
  germany only wants to unite enemies :(, 
  `` it 's not aids , so it 's fine '', 
  i 'm all in for [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/35hi67w.jpg ), 
  it 's almost as america invaded countries everywhere on the planet and replaced the government with a pro usa one . 
  surprisingly no one gives a shit . 
  i 'm shocked there is no mention of prinz pi and casper . 
  really popular newer songs :  casper - im ascheregen  casper - xoxo  prinz pi - kompass ohne norden  prinz pi - du bist  prinz pi - der neue igod and older , more ` underground ' stuff :  prinz pi - keine liebe  prinz pi - 3 minuten  casper - hin zur sonne generally you really should look up prinz pi/prinz porno ( same guy , different image ) . 
  he has sooooo many good songs . 
  i 'm on mobile , so no links , sorry :(, 
  i think the eu needs a more balanced relation ship with russia und usa . 
  we should be more neutral to both . 
  it 's hilarious how the usa is allowed to fight wars all over the planet and russia is devil when it attacks his immediate neighbors . 
  many currencies are tied to the euro , would it make a difference if they joined ? 
  africa is such a peaceful continent / s, 
  that was actually because they used the wrong plastic ( polyethylene instead of polyamide ) to produce the g36 . 
  if shit gets serious they gon na anschluss anyway . 
  can we get back the hohenzollern territory , too ? 
  fcking yugoslavia man ... 
  looking at the [ map ] ( http://gyazo.com/952bcafdc228f292788ddd6c5be0657b ) , its kind of awkward that there is no tunnel . 
  you call greece being bankrupt a stereotype ? 
  hey , we did n't do anything in 70 years now !, 
  why ? 
  could be possible some chemicals that increase aggressions were put in this drink . 
  do n't forget your weapons . 
  wtf norway ? 
  you know this was a joke right ? 
  and they gon na answer : `` this looks fucking retarded . '', 
  we are working on it !, 
  lol i have no idea . 
  did n't look too close at it . 
  [ cute ] ( http://www.ufz.de/export/data/1/62956_karte_eu_d-beugdesign.jpg ), 
  why ? 
  if the people need censorship and propaganda to support the war , you probably should rethink your war motivations . 
  according to this russia is part of the western world , too . 
  they say they want to have european values and proceed to ban everything that mentions russia in a good way . 
  i do n't think its destroyed . 
  if russia eventually gets their shit together germany will be one of the fist nations pushing for better relations . 
  there are still many voices calling for an end of the sanctions on russia . 
  if there are any terrorist attacks by muslim immigrants and the majority of germans are against them , there will be stricter immigration rules and easier deporting procedures . 
  can we expect a lot of ' u wot m8 ? ', 
  it 's not about the immigrants being chill . 
  it 's about the common germans . 
  if they are against immigration and want it to stop , immigrants gon na have a bad time . 
  i really wonder if it will ever come to this . 
  the common opinion about muslim immigration is n't that good , at least here in germany , with peaks of negativeness after the attacks in france and denmark . 
  i really do n't want to imagine what happens when muslim terrorists attack something in germany . 
  quality post . 
  but i thought russians favourite colour is grey . 
  all their buildings are grey . 
  i still think this sub is good for european integration . 
  like / r/polandball , the constant mocking and jokes about each other makes me feel more european . 
  never imagined someone could get salty because the not so good history of his nation gets brought up . 
  i thing it 's because austria was basically germany 2 back then . 
  they just were n't included because prussians wanted to be the strongest state . 
  where ? 
  i think they already have a civilian version in the usa .
