  people really need to understand the meaning of `` one of the biggest '' . 
  and no d\u00fcsseldorf or frankfurt ? 
  no , but i think being against the eu and eu integration is a legitimate opinion . 
  there are pro novorossiya activists in germany ? 
  where was this ? 
  what ? 
  he was the only reason to vote for the afd . 
  now it 's a npd 2.0 instead of a anti eu party . 
  you give the post lucke afd a vote ?!, 
  is n't that an okayish trade off to the huge amount of money you get ? 
  maybe we should tell spain they are in the shengen area ... 
  i think they worry too much about russia . 
   germany should hire a few pr people . 
  what an insane thing to say in context of the leaked mass surveillance plans . 
  whatever , i think the guy you answered to meant the mass surveillance and espionage with us model . 
  dude , snowden ca n't even go back to the united states . 
  all the un does is keeping status quo, 
   if the drugs in question were legal under romanian law , and then the government would decide to change the laws and violate any agreements the smugglers would have with the government of romania , and/or the state of romania would take legal obligations that it fails to fulfill , then the state would be liable for compensation . 
  what 's still pretty stupid . 
  i do n't , they are in the government . 
  the only thing they ever did was a minimum wage with millions of grey zones . 
  ndp - national party - often connected with nazis . 
  afd - eu-sceptics - moved in the direction of the npd after lucke resigned . 
  `` npd in suits '' fdp - liberals - got blamed for the crisis so they are irrelevant now . 
  cdu - middle rightish , conservatives - business friendly , vote to have merkel as candidate , see her doing nothing at all regarding major issues spd - see cdu die linke - social left - anti-austerity , rich tax , pro immigration gr\u00fcnen - environmentalists piraten - pirate party - mainly internet stuff , pro privacy , anti copyright . 
  die partei - satire party, 
  so , as kmw is hold by many private persons , france has by far the most influence in this project ? 
  will it turn out like airbus , a french company happen to produce in germany ? 
  nice , now please let the eu help you to track down rich people who move their money outside of greece . 
  did n't you get the node ? 
  we try to buy you all this time . 
  why do they call a helicopter tiger again ? 
  should n't it be named after a bird ? 
  you 're a genius . 
  `` trade '', 
  for comparison : dem . 
  rep. kongo : 2.344.858,00 km ^ 2 - 71.712.867 inhabitants bremen : 325,56 km ^ 2 - 548.547 inhabitants, 
  yes , but their companies do n't seem to respect it . 
  german articles : despite sanctions : trade between russia and usa prospers . 
  [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/sanktionen-gegen-russland-us-konzerne-machen-weiter-geschaefte-a-1036336.html ) sanctions against russia : `` usa avoids trade-barriers of eu '' . 
  [ [ 3 ] ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/usa-unterlaufen-handelsschranken-der-eu-article15235886.html ) russia-sanctions : eu loses - investors leave . 
  i think the process of building up a bombed country is way more important to the stability and safety than the bombing itself . 
  they could have created a new party that is n't corrupt . 
  how do other countries avoid corruption ? 
  yeah a new golf is about 30k in germany . 
  well there is a heavy discussion what to do with the bnd after the reveals . 
  even some bnd guys are calling for control from the government . 
  oh come one . 
  if the uk actually were fully committed to the eu we would n't have a power problem because they and france can outweigh germany . 
  can someone explain where he gets the idea `` sch\u00e4uble wants a german europe with a german dominance '' from when every government besides italy , france and greece agree with him ? 
  dude , cannabis is literally jesus . 
  it only has benefits . 
  everyone against cannabis is literally hitler !, 
  well you proposed a football game as the alternative to wars and i explained why it would n't work . 
  same with robot armies . 
  once one side ran out of robots they will send humans . 
  yeah we should do this . 
  because at the end the losing side decides to not care about the outcome and try to win violently . 
  you should watch some speeches of left politicians . 
  the spd is basically a cdu 2.0 at this point , so he is partly right . 
  is n't this happening like for the last 400 years ? 
  is n't russia quite wealthy compared to other eastern countries ? 
  sch\u00e4uble is saying that same all the time . 
  he is non stop talking how we need more integration and control over the euro . 
  yeah , also we lost both . 
   knowing every little piece of information about an element is n't a requirement for discovering it . 
  yes that 's what discovery means in the context of a periodic table, 
  [ yurops definition . 
  did they know about the atomic number ? 
  we even won both . 
  seriously world , step it up . 
  i do n't get why people are so convinced that more taxes are bad when you clearly see the nordic countries rocking all happiness reports . 
  there are no projects finished within the budget . 
  ha guys , remember that democratic vote in russia that formed the ussr ? 
  yeah ... 
  to be safe , add a joke about how stupid and fat ` muricans are . 
   seeking employment in germany   from 1 august 2012 , university graduates with a degree from a german or another recognized university or a degree from a foreign university which is comparable to a german degree will have the opportunity to enter germany to seek employment . 
  the jobseeker 's visa allows a stay of up to six months . 
  alongside a university degree , proof of adequate means of subsistence for the planned duration of the stay is required . 
  during the period when employment is being sought , it is not permitted to work whether on a self-employed basis or otherwise . 
  i only skipped over it , so i do n't know how it works . 
  i thought the french stereotypes are more directed at people living in paris and even non parisians make fun of them . 
  stuttgart 21 did n't have any building problems did it ? 
  there were just protests because hur dur who needs infrastructure ? 
  war is the reason isis exists . 
  i thought he got it for not being bush . 
  you would n't be [ that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y6qrbvn.png ) guy . 
   ah yes , the capital state of europe . 
      is n't it the western state of germany ? 
  they know  but to be fair , you probably do n't know much about a region in china with 10 million inhabitants . 
  if norway joined the eu they would be first instantly . 
  do you expect greece to pay them back ? 
  the [ russian version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnospg0in4i ) of arbeiter von wien is really good , too . 
  the ss song is n't from the ss . 
  it was called '' [ parademarsch der legion condor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvirh2j5mj8 ) '' before . 
  [ we still use it with new lyrics . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ussftwt5emm ) [ wir sind des geyers schwarzer haufen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9svcrxopju ) is pretty cool , too . 
  what ? 
  is this still used ? 
  expect 10 new auto mobile factories open as soon as they join the free marked .
