  with loaned money they got from germany ... sooooo we kind of gifted them our products . 
  what 's even funnier is that we are also paying the interests of our own banks , as we restructured the debt that greece had from buying our products with the money of eu banks . 
  the german , and other eu banks , are the only one profiting from this . 
  we really have to do something about banks ... 
  the money is going to the banks , that 's true , but you seem to forget that greece already bought something from the money they took as loans . 
  basically , we are not giving them money for free , but gifting our products . 
  if they have nothing else left , yes . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we have bahncards with a 25 % , 50 % and 100 % discount on tickets . 
  the bahncard 100 costs 4000 $ per year and let 's you travel everywhere with every train for `` free '' . 
  true , early deals helped in my case . 
  if you want to buy a ticket for the next day you are fucked . 
  yeah usually that happens , but recently they almost completely rebuild a bigger road ( bundesstra\u00dfe ) and just let out the street on two bridges , because half a year later they scheduled the rebuilding of the bridges . 
  was really impressing . 
  i just purchased 3 train tickets . 
  from kassel ( pretty much in the middle of germany ) to vienna , from vienna back to kassel and from kassel to esbjerg in denmark . 
  with a bahncard 25 , which costs about 60 $ a year and cheapens every ticket by 25 % , i payed 60 $ for all three tickets . 
  i do n't think that 's expensive . 
  i do n't think your money goes to germany ... 
  we export to austria !, 
  if that counts ... 
  but france likes germany even more ... ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ anschluss ^ ^ ^ again ? 
  uks queen is german . 
  i think for most people it 's england = uk . 
  masterrace kicking in again . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  the problem is that everybody has a different fix . 
  poland and czech republic are highly dependent on germany , too . 
  they all will peg their currency to the new german currency . 
  that country that had a war with that other country . 
   ` eastern europe ' as a all the irrelevant countries [ russia is eastern ] ( http://greenmilk.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/putin.jpg ), 
  not really, 
  nah russia 's aggressive expansion is n't that high yet . 
  :( stop ganging up against us, 
  life is easy if you have a clear enemy you can blame everything on . 
  kind of ironic how many times france tried to control the united germany and it backfired hard . 
  ca n't wait until eu things get streamed on twitch so we can have a twitch chat . 
  this will be glorious !, 
  there are n't many common interest the citizens of a nation share that they would n't share with eu citizens . 
  a good economy , low unemployment , decent living standard , decent infrastructures , education , safety ... other than these i ca n't really think a common interest of a bavarian and a north german . 
  but you can say that about every million in these 500 million . 
  just like you can say that about everyone in your 1 million . 
  the nordics just ca n't be in the middle of something can they ? 
  we did n't lose a war to not be called nazis !, 
  so please keep in mind to call all german nazis next time . 
  thanks . 
  but please do n't let us speak that bavarian crime they did to our language . 
  guess what ? 
  a united europe would be a country and every person in it can decide laws . 
  you all are acting like there will be some outside person deciding everything . 
   eu would give so much damn about what croatia thinks you would be the eu then with the same influence as any other eu citizen . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  lets do this . 
  constantinople is greek tho / s, 
  finally back to colonising . 
  holier roman empire ? 
  do you think other european citizens just get money from the eu ? 
  are you people to stubborn to understand that they replaced greeces debts ? 
  or do you think it does n't make a difference whether you have a 15 % interest loan or a 3 % interest loan ? 
  they are supposed to send greece billions , of course they are affected . 
  the eu have more people than the greeks and many of them are pro austerity . 
  the greek government is ignoring the greek people 's opinion . 
  we really need this if we do n't want to have a greek like crisis every 5 or 10 years . 
  half of the euro zone countries will follow germany if this happens . 
  germany + neighbours , maybe except france , will create a new currency, 
  really well made layout . 
  no political union = no control . 
  i do n't get why greece do n't implement reforms already . 
  they need to do it anyway , even if they leave the euro zone . 
   \u2022 greeks left wondering what happened to their referendum ` no ' vote made me laugh . 
   you should post against putin ftfy, 
  we could really use some help from the uk . 
  i hope , in the nearer future , they will realise their island is in front of the european continent and not the north american . 
  kind of funny , germany wanted to be allied with the uk so often , but they do n't seem to like us :(, 
  we lost two world wars for this !, 
  do you think that was funny ? 
  it 's meant as a joke . 
  mainly because all nations in europe are economically interdependent on each other . 
  germany happens to have many neighbours and a big economy , so many surrounding nations are really depending on germany . 
  yet . 
  so many countries claim to be out 17th bundesland . 
  denmark , netherlands , austria , czech republic , poland ... 
  soon it 's time for anschluss . 
  being pm of all the 26 eu countries besides germany and greece must be a really comfortable place . 
  everybody just blames the germans . 
  because it 's in the best interest of the eu . 
  many people agree that europe is a better place united than fighting each other . 
  just because you do n't agree with them does n't mean they are n't experts . 
  corrupt experts . 
  i do n't think that 's how a democracy should work . 
  the majority of people have no idea about political decisions . 
  they will just vote what the big news agencies tell them to vote . 
  that 's why we elect experts to govern for us . 
  you ca n't expect every person to know about everything so they can make a rational decisions what 's the best for everyone . 
  we already reconstructed greeces debt . 
  the bailout came with a 3 % interest . 
  the private loans had a 15 % interest . 
  he is a parasite now ? 
  guess it 's time to vote for left parties if you want people who care about these things . 
  only people with a clue about it should decide financial and economic decisions .
