  i ca n't watch shows that are available in germany in the uk and vice versa . 
  also gema in germany : many youtube videos are blocked in germany because of copyright issues and youtubes unwillingness to pay the fees . 
  a single eu digital market would probably have similar rules regarding copyright , but the initiative for youtube to be available in this market would be bigger so they would probably pay the fees . 
  literally the only thing germany did , well , rather the only thing germany did not do is sending refugees back to the first shengen country , like the dublin agreement states . 
  all merkel ever does is encouraging discourse and finding a compromise between the eu countries . 
  that 's why it seems she is doing nothing , its just that many other eu countries say ` its not our problem ' and think more about who to blame rather than a solution . 
  16 years vs 10 years is quite a difference . 
  i do n't get it , that 's exactly what merkel was saying and trying to do the whole time . 
  why does this sub support him but not merkel ? 
   almost every programming language uses the same logic , sure you have to learn the specific syntax . 
  exactly , that 's why computer science teaches you about the logic of object-oriented programming . 
  there is literally no point to go further than that . 
  so what 's wrong with offering arabic as another choice of language to learn ? 
  it 's million times more useful than latin . 
  i did n't say english is not a world language ... 
  but good luck with english in south america , the arabic world or even the most parts of china . 
  programming classes would be a joke , every company , hell even every project uses a different programming language . 
  i study computer science and we have one programming class ; you can 100 % pass this without any knowledge of programming . 
  we have to learn french , latin or sometimes spanish in germany , so latin is kind of a mandatory subject . 
  in your opinion only english is a world language ? 
  there are also semi mandatory ( just like latin , only with other science classes ) computer science classes in germany . 
  i agree that personal finance should be a subject , but it would hardly fit a whole year . 
  arabic is a world language . 
  almost 300 million native speakers . 
  you know what 's irrelevant ? 
  latin . 
  hell even french is pretty useless if you do n't plan to go to france . 
  only english , mandarin and spanish have more native speakers . 
  `` we should finally recognise arabic as a world language and keep pace . '', 
  he ( christian wiesenh\u00fctter ) sees the language against the background of growing business relationships as a important factor . 
  this is all about adding another language to the school system . 
   obviously they still need to learn german . 
  is the answer to your whole comment . 
  yes they still need to learn german , language is a part of identity , they need to develop a german identity . 
  but easier communication will help with that . 
  because arabic classes just add another benefit if you take refugees into consideration . 
  integration is way easier if you are able to communicate and obviously refugees still need to learn german . 
  you think having a better communication ability between germans and refugees is going to hinder integration ? 
  i think its quite the opposite . 
  obviously they still need to learn german . 
  it 's not like many germans will be fluent in arabic because there are arabic classes in school . 
  no one becomes fluent in french classes . 
   last time i checked neither the chinese nor the japanese had an assimilation and integration problem into european culture and way of life . 
  well , obviously this has something to do with the refugees , but just imagine it without them . 
  why not learn one more language ? 
  why not add easy communication with 600 million people ? 
  why not open your economy further to a market with 600 million people ? 
  sure , chinese makes much more sense in that regard , but there are still refugees , also the arabic world is europes neighbour . 
  adding a language to the school system is positive . 
  do i really need to answer the other bullshit of your post ? 
  all germans are weaklings ? 
  the eu will dissolve because germany added arabic ? 
  english is mandatory . 
  last time i checked french , spanish or latin speakers are also minorities in germany , yet we have to learn at least on of these languages , why not add arabic , a language that have two times the speaker-base as french and is also useful to communicate with refugees ? 
  there is literally no negative point of adding a language to the school system . 
  i bet if he said we should add mandatory chinese or japanese classes , everyone would agree with him . 
  the whole point of the un is that it ca n't force anything and tries to find a diplomatic solution . 
  that said , what 's the un worth when not even the region with the most value on human rights in the world respects it . 
  the un is on our side , we try to bring human rights to the world through it . 
  actually , the government also invests in infrastructure , education , hospitals , elder care etc. 
   you can only use the money once . 
  everyone gets wealthier all the time , with set backs during crisis , wars , disease outbreaks etc. 
  also , wealthier means also more stability , less child deaths , more education as well . 
   to end poverty population control is essential . 
  that will settle itself . 
  when people get wealthier , they get fewer children . 
  it 's estimated the world population will not greatly surpass 11 billion . 
  yeah because only europeans are christians . 
  there is nothing european in it . 
  one could argue it 's about all christians . 
  i really like the french one . 
  i do n't think you 've understand the text . 
  why not ? 
  the majority of past refugees returned to their home after the conflicts were over , just look at yugoslavia . 
  i call bullshit on that . 
  there is not a single report from a trustworthy newspaper . 
  uhh ehm , source ? 
  nothing happened . 
  it 's just that people who actually do some research and inform themselves about something that they want to have an opinion off , like politicians and journalists , tend to have a saner opinion than reddits click-bait title based opinion . 
  meh , the french and german parts of the internet are pretty big and certainly enough to fill your time . 
  also , people probably read through english sources as well , they just prefer to chat in their own language . 
  but we have wagen that are supposed to be for the whole volk too !, 
  what 's with the finns ? 
  in all other country it 's mainly in the big cities with lot of tourism , but in finland everyone seems to take everything but cannabis . 
  maybe you should walk out of your village with 500 inhabitants and visit any city with 50k + . 
  what ? 
  i thought germany was a caliphate by now ? 
  i will never get that logic . 
  they risk their lives , travel thousands of kilometres , cross the mediterranean on almost broken boats , all just to do nothing in germany and live on welfare ? 
  no they fucking do n't . 
  they do this because they want a chance of a better live , where they can live save , get a job that guarantees them not to starve and do n't have to fear death every time they leave the house . 
  go and ask some indians who they think were worse , the nazis or the british empire . 
  soooooo nothing to be proud of ? 
   also are you suggesting every single society throughout history has specificly targeted the jews ? 
  also what does that have to do with my argument ? 
  no every , but it was really popular in europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism#history anti-semitism was a common thing . 
  the holocaust is still bad . 
  i 'm not sure whether the uk fought germany because they wanted to save jews ...  also you are framing imperialism on the same level as nazism which is obviously a fraudulent claim what ? 
  you should look up the dimensions of the british empire and compare it to the german empire or nazi germany . 
  now tell me again how the british imperialism was n't on the same level .
