  i do n't think the afd is ever going to be in the government . 
  their popularity will die with the decline of the refugee crisis and before that we will have cdu+spd all the time . 
  that did n't stop france from attacking russia . 
  maybe you should do some research on how he was elected . 
  i love how the iraq war is hated and criticised all the time , but bombing the is after paris is okay . 
  certainly not nationalism and isolation . 
  why is poland even in the eu , apparently they do n't share many eu values . 
  it 's not illegal if we allow it . 
  the same way as freedom and rules exist simultaneously . 
  well , they pay us to take their money soooo, 
  hmm no ? 
  it 's the same percentage ? 
   well the survey was done of syrian refugees in turkey , jordan , and lebanon so there is good reason to believe that the syrian `` refugees '' in europe are even more likely to support isis . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  because everything he said is true ? 
  not having enough money to go to the cinema , restaurants , swimming pools etc. 
  we blame russia for things that did n't happen now ? 
  and this quota does n't apply to swedes and europeans ? 
  why should we treat people from the middle east different ? 
  as far as i now medical professionals are still allowed to help you . 
  this just bans companies providing suicide services . 
   its german policies that rule in greece and like 70 % of the euro zone that agrees with germany . 
  telegram messenger and threema, 
  there was a huge anti whatsapp movement after facebook bought it . 
  now there are 3-4 messenger everyone uses , with whatsapp still being the most used tho . 
  you can rejoin us . 
  it 's exactly the same thing . 
  people do n't know something , they fear it , they do n't want it . 
  it 's so obvious looking at the west east divide regarding migration in germany . 
   i remember there being a lot of fear of eastern european hordes coming , especially of poles who people feared would bring a lot of criminality and problems with them . 
  since then i feel like the perception changed completely . 
  if only people could connect things happened in history and things happening now ... 
  but the refugees are not here because we need them . 
  they are fleeing a war and need a place to go . 
  well , obviously there is a point when more people wont boost the economy any more ? 
  the german institute for economic research came to the same conclusion . 
   for one , you need to give it a good set of rules to follow to me it seems like they have followed some rules to live peaceful . 
  what do you want more ? 
  but who do we blame if not germany ? 
   in apartments so if there is a long close hallway , your doors still open outwards ? 
  how many people get hit by that ? 
  is there a map with the results of all the regions ? 
  i do n't know what population threshold is used here , so i 'm not sure about small luxury towns . 
  the most expensive ones are probably munich , frankfurt , d\u00fcsseldorf and hamburg . 
  i think it 's behind berlins dot . 
  edit : never mind , the small text below says it was n't available . 
  the internet does n't help , just look at reddit . 
  every unpopular opinion and article just gets down voted and users stay in subreddits where everyone agrees with them . 
  no eurozone country fucked up as hard as greece . 
  a massive debt cut would be a pretty big blow for all the countries that not received one and sucked the austerity up in 2010 . 
  many wars after ww2 fought by major/western countries can be linked to capitalism . 
  sorry i did n't know . 
  but do you really blame marx for this ? 
  i do n't think thats fair , we need people rethinking the form of our society all the time . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  what 's up with the hate for marx ? 
  you can choose out of everything most of the time in germany . 
  there are even versions in spanish . 
  i guess germany has influence on more people than russia has . 
  its 2015 , who cares about military ? 
  i guess you would need multiple months to do that , what 's the point of just riding the train without visiting the stuff around ? 
  yeah , i do n't think it would have a use besides making an amazing trip for a gap year or something else . 
   so i have no doubt somebody now believes they can travel from chicago to france on a train . 
  [ we should do this . 
  ] ( http://infinitelegroom.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/russia-us-train-00.jpg ), 
  so even if people do n't practice their religion and just live a peaceful life you still do n't want them because they are muslims ? 
   and this immigration crisis is only creating more neo-nazis . 
  these stupid jews , if it was n't for them living hitler would 've never killed them !, 
  opinions about politicians is the wrong way too, 
  what do you want to show ? 
  a video of people walking in a group ? 
  you sure that will show us your fear is justified ? 
  so anyone gon na say this is not racist ? 
  ... why am i still visiting this place ? 
  and it 's the fault of the different culture ones that the home culture people set fire to their homes ? 
  it 's certainly enough to represent the whole generation, 
  what 's with italy or greece ? 
  do you just do n't care ? 
  might as well just leave the union . 
  merkel still does n't support a fence . 
  some guys from her party proposed one . 
  i do n't see any reason for `` germany taking them all '' being the fairest . 
  fair for the population and wealth , just like in germany . 
  it 's ridiculous to blame the refugees for that . 
  an european approach would be really nice . 
  introduce a fair distribution quota , some eu funding , refugee hotspots at the eu borders ... basically everything the eu tried to do but these are evil muslims . 
  cant have that . 
  its satire news . 
  i think direct democracy is a bad idea , it will lead to even more populism . 
   experts already talking about 30 billion euro yearly costs to handle this and this will not be possible without tax raises up to 6 % . 
  even if it will cost 30 billion extra , we just had an 21 billion surplus , do you really think 9 billion will cause a 6 % tax raise ? 
  that 's not anti german , that 's anti neo nazi . 
  germany . 
  well , he put germany into isolation which caused us to lose ww1 which caused ww2 . 
  to be fair , the bad reputation was strongly supported by the media in germany . 
  they just love when things do n't work and to blame the state for something . 
  because only german companies invested into it . 
  this is slowly getting ridiculous . 
  refugees threat people and follow these threats ? 
  nazis do n't burn down refugee centres ?
