  they surrendered before we bombed them well enough !, 
  no i 'm not gon na value people more because they were born inside a specific region or speak a specific language . 
  you people really need to stop seeing migrants as different kind of people . 
   on the east of germany you need to take into account the soviets were n't big on transport man , it 's been 26 years ... 
  they did here https://www.ttip-leaks.org/, 
  i think openstreetmap and openrailwaymap are open source , self reported maps . 
  being an english side it focuses on europe and north america . 
  http://www.openrailwaymap.org/ for every railsystem, 
  belgian health council recommending iodine pills for every citizen , belgian state giving them out to every citizen , aachen suing the belgian nuclear plant and demanding iodine pills for germans ! = anti nuclear hysteria, 
  so safe that aachen demanded iodine pills for every inhabitant , after belgium decided to give them out to every belgian because of the nuclear plant ? 
  we do n't get power outages . 
   i 'm sorry , but just because the u.s has a boner for military spending and supremacy does n't mean europe should buff it 's military spending . 
   france has to get them to fly them and their equipment to mali whenever they wan na shoot some browns there . 
  you could n't have displayed it better . 
  also germany . 
  aachen already demanded nrw to give out iodine pills . 
  do they look like they have a plan ? 
  you were at ramstein and think that this base is protecting europe , rather than serving for some neat programs in the middle east ? 
  if they get hired there seems to be a need and it 's not wasted . 
  ... can we at least have mallorca ? 
  well , i do n't know for sure , but i can imagine that calling them these things regularly increases the likelihood of violence against them . 
  no i do n't . 
  and even if they did , does that justify violence against them ? 
  is that the job of some politicians , regular citizens or rather courts ? 
  do n't you think calling a certain group of people filth and cattle supports stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-222-refugee-homes-burned-or-attacked-arrests-a6763506.html ) ? 
   this has got to be the worst german policy decision since hitler declared war on the us . 
  the merkel hate is strong . 
  lets become like congo !, 
  what do we need more ? 
  you now the eu has the second highest military spending in the world ? 
  just learn german already , my vassal !, 
  i think he aimed for exactly that . 
  constitutional state is constitutional state . 
  the german government and the german chancellor should have zero saying in juridical matters . 
  its ridiculous that merkel even had the possibility to stop it . 
  that was fast . 
  dude there have been hundred wars because of different believes even working christianity in europe . 
   the christian church provided a modicum of unity in europe haha what ? 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w58bpclegt4 ) at 5:08, 
   originates in poland is , a pomeranian triggered, 
  life is easy if you call everything anti exit fear-mongering propaganda is n't it ? 
  there are no mass rapes in germany . 
  the german states are called ` l\u00e4nder ' ( = countries ) in german too and are also quite autonomous . 
  why do we split it up for the uk and not for germany ? 
  as if that was a reason for britain to hinder it :p, 
  i do n't see the original six plus austria breaking up . 
  keep in mind that the poem is illegal . 
  b\u00f6hmermann knew that and presented it as something what is not allowed to show the extra 3 song was allowed . 
  exactly . 
  i just do n't see poland , the u.k. or hungary agree to give more power to the eu, 
  no taxation without representation . 
  if germany and france are going to transfer money to other parts of europe they will demand some saying on what this money is spend on . 
  it 's not germany or france who have a problem with that . 
  how else are they supposed to give their students 3000 $ per semester ? 
  these poor luxemburgers :(, 
  yes ? 
  but this article is about germany and france , not the eu . 
  i do n't see how a referendum in the netherlands should change the position of germany and france ? 
  i think you missed a few attacks in israel . 
  which would lead to a immediate crisis in germany . 
  sorry , but i would rather have greece uncompetitive and germany paying money to them to balance the deficit than the destruction of a good chunk of german industry . 
  i do n't think many people in europe would want that . 
  no one is forcing them to buy german stuff now ... 
  german currency too strong , ca n't buy stuff from them please help :(, 
  quite some time ago . 
  i think at some point we should stop speaking of being occupied . 
  now he looks like angela, 
  stating the fact that putins name did n't even appear is equal to thinking he is n't corrupt ? 
  oh come on . 
  i think he meant that they wo n't attack austria , because they are austrians . 
  wtf , ours is n't even symmetrical d :, 
  just americans tho , they are paying for our welfare after all . 
  i heard some people need to work . 
  crazy right ? 
  yeah , uks police do n't even have guns , how can they be texas ? 
  there was a article some time ago about how germans are n't proud on their nationality or their constitution , but more about the german economy . 
  i thought that described it well . 
  because they do n't have to fear offending someone and losing views and money with that . 
  you ca n't tell him what he agrees with . 
  you ca n't even do that to your captured enemies in a war . 
  because , unlike the usa , germany is not interested in damaging vw . 
  do you think an american car manufacturer would have gotten the same scandal like vw if they had some higher emissions ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  vw was too powerful in the us diesel market , the usa tried to help their car manufacturers . 
  i 'm pretty sure they say `` oh my god ! '', 
  from time to time too, 
  he doesnt say that . 
  you think it 's a good idea to have everyone speak german to live in germany ? 
  also , no they had not . 
  refugees have to take mandatory language and culture curses to be able to work or receive benefits . 
  i think this value is partly responsible for the european jurisdiction , which does not base on revenge , but forgiveness and rehabilitation . 
  eh , i think former refugees who build up a business , got a family here ( as in have children who did grow up here as germans ) or married a german citizen are perfectly fine to stay if they want . 
  well , it ca n't really get more important than making it to one of the ten commandments . 
  but they are not doing anything beside flying through , if they would drop people i can imagine that it wo n't be tolerated . 
  i think there are ( sadly ) not many germans who 've never seen a church from the inside . 
  germany made the vast majority of balkan refugees go home after the wars ended , so i do n't see why this should n't be the case now . 
  sure a few will stay , a few will come back to germany after . 
  but these people want to stay here and are no problem to us . 
  see where we get with this ? 
  `` keeping christian values '' is really no argument anti refugee people should use .
