  yeah , but people do n't want to say `` that need * thing * '' , they want to say they do n't need it . 
   do n't need no what 's the logic behind this by the way ? 
  wait , the english wikipedia page says it 's coming from austria , the german one says that 's a legend and its coming from france . 
  eu member states are n't sovereign . 
  i heard water is pretty solid . 
  germany is a victim of denmark !, 
  mix it with sparkling water , 
  i found this question interesting . 
  why is there such a huge difference between college and non-college in europe , but not in the states ? 
  but average in poland is n't 4k ... 
  well , i think they will do what they think is the best for the uk and not `` hurrdurr obama and merkel want us in , so we will vote out '' . 
  i do n't think most people in the uk will act like little children and do the opposite from what they were told . 
  well , i guess that whole stuff is already included into the costs of the presidents . 
  do you really believe hollande is getting 91 million a year ? 
  do n't leave us alone with it :'(, 
  based on a study that says `` the study does not include security and other hidden expenses that push the true cost of the royal family to more than # 200million . '', 
  nice, 
  i 'm pretty sure you need the approval of the unsc or the country you want to bomb . 
  just like poland . 
  dude there are millions of muslims in every western country who assimilated and integrated just fine . 
  saying `` be a german/european '' is kind of in contradiction to `` be a freethinking individual '' is n't it ? 
  well , more people =  more crimes . 
  too much logic for you ? 
  the interesting thing is that there was no proportional increase . 
  france was n't too successful against the last nazis though . 
  now seriously , what up with your link ? 
  it does n't even mention `` republic of macedonia '' without `` the former yugoslav '' once , why did you use it to say that ? 
  yeah well , fuck what refugees want , they will have to go where we tell them to go . 
  wait are you trying to troll him ? 
  your site clearly says former yugoslav republic of macedonia, 
  and german !, 
  thanks for taking care of them , 
  because last time i checked the eu had no power over the policies of saudi arabia , africa or asia . 
  also the majority of refugees are not in europe . 
   an art installation by some lefties lmao, 
  how is it merkels job to close the outer eu borders ? 
  so actually he can do what ever he wants , but you ca n't be president/king . 
  i guess it 's based on a hopefully soon coming european solution with stronger border controls and fair distribution . 
  no way, 
  it 's not about the money . 
  oh well , getting the money from your rich parents with a successful company is another thing than getting it from the state , but having a family in your state that is born more important and with more rights than any other family is the real backwards thing . 
  you do n't have more rights just because you are born rich . 
  yeah i agree . 
  how can you support that some people are significantly more important and have more rights than others on their birth ? 
  aleppo -  munich = 3100 i do n't see why the number of countries you pass matter here . 
  oman and the united arab emirates are probably as far away from syria as germany . 
  also , let 's not take saudi arabia or qatar as role models okay ? 
  okay let 's keep his retarded analogy . 
  now saying that taking some refugees from greece is equal to setting your own house on fire is just wrong . 
  it would be more like : your neighbours house is on fire and the whole neighbourhood decides to take a bit of the fire and put it onto everyones postboxes , so it 's only the postboxes that are burning down , not your neighbours whole house . 
  you know you are on r/europe when refugees get compared to a fire burning down your house . 
  so if you think turkey , jordan and lebanon are doing fine with 2 million refugees each , would n't the eu be way more than fine with 2 million refugees ? 
  how is greece not the victim of a highly unfair treaty , regarding refugees ? 
  well , i think germany is doing a million times more to keep the eu going than poland for example . 
  i also do n't understand why v4 is in the eu , they do n't seem to like it or care about it . 
  ehh , we also get a lot of stuff back . 
  taxes do n't just vanish somewhere . 
   in practice , this means letting anybody in who can get to european national waters ; that 's why the eu is also in talks with turkey to reduce the amount of refugees . 
  at the munich conference yesterday it was something along the lines : the eu and turkey will control their waters in the aegean sea , eu will keep everyone found by the eu , turkey will keep everyone found by turkey . 
   current rate , in six years time i can only assume that this time will hugely decrease with the introduction of hotspots with dedicated offices to decide whether it 's a valid asylum claim or not . 
  also , declaring countries as safe , such as the balkan countries , will reduce the amount of work for the offices . 
   rejected applicants often are n't removed even then that 's will also get a lot easier with hotspots . 
   in other words , dumping the burden of your bad decisions again , i have no idea why people blame the refugee crisis on germany . 
  it 's really not dumping the burden on other countries , it 's more like a fair share of the burden . 
  there is really no reason why germany or greece should house all the refugees while v4 is doing nothing . 
  if you really thing that the eu taking a few million refugees is the road straight to hell , i do n't know , i do n't want to call you stupid , but i think that 's it . 
  honestly , i do n't really expect people who lived for 65 years in a different country and culture to become fully integrated germans . 
  keep in mind that older people will often not bother to learn speaking , let alone writing in a new language . 
  the graph on page 27 shows that . 
  the `` language proficiency score '' for people under 25 is almost twice as good as for people over 65 . 
  it also say 's that experts found the same results as the self estimated for turkish men . 
  so overall , while i agree that there are a fair share of people who could improve their german , it 's not that huge ? 
  also keep in mind that older people , for example 60 + will often not bother to learn a new language . 
  because that 's way too simplified . 
  why would you not use the graph at page 25 ? 
  about 5 % ca n't understand or speak german , ~ 15 % ca n't read and ~ 20 % ca n't write german . 
  `` huge numbers '' ? 
  why are you so sure when every refugee movement in the past proofs you wrong ? 
  to be honest , i do n't see how anyone can describe the integration in germany as failed . 
  okay , again : german position is to control borders , check and register everyone who 's coming , process and accept every genuine asylum claim in hotspots in greece , italy , while deporting everyone else back and finally have a common asylum policy with a fair distribution process into every eu country . 
  it 's the only fair and human rights acceptable way . 
  i really do n't know why germany gets painted as the bad guy all the time . 
  they were like everyone else and said fuck you to greece and italy until last summer , when the refugee amount increased heavily and germany decided to simply not send back refugees to greece . 
  maybe he 's going to say they should leave to make them stay ? 
  [ this one ? 
  nah , even austrians ca n't understand them . 
  you can keep it . 
  so first he says only the six founding members , then he excludes italy , then france and then the french part of belgium . 
  now we only need to add austria and our great germanic economic empire is ready to go !, 
  or qwant.com, 
  i was just saying that it is n't as obvious as people in this thread make it seem , if this guy told me he was 17 , i would believe him . 
  it 's the [ coat of arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_germany ) . 
  the bundesshild you linked seems to be yet a different thing and it 's eagle surely hit the gym , wtf is up with that ? 
  it is n't only `` just because '' to be fair . 
  you can easily spin the us foreign affairs as evil and bad . 
  that guy could easily be 17 . 
  i 'm not trying to defend him btw ... 
  replacing 300 billion private loans with 300 billion public loans with far less interest is aid . 
  can we stop acting like greece got nothing ? 
   initially , european banks had the largest holdings of greek debt .
