i can heartily recommend this excellent interview with jan pedersen ( stockholm university ) , president of the european association for studies in screen translation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnukonzwnuk ( interviewed by anthony pym , who is doing some great research himself - check out his series of interviews and talks with a whole load of translation scholars - https://www.youtube.com/user/transsfed/videos ), 
  i know things are dire in the uk , but maybe not enough to warrant leaving everything you know and love behind in order to flee somewhere safe . 
  a person was killed as a result of being attacked by nazis in connection to a manifestation they had . 
  this is not a good thing , and it seems at least 15 000 finns agreed enough to turn out en masse . 
  the nordic resistance movement is a tiny organization , but have committed murders already since before . 
  they have made it praxis to hide members of one national section in another country until the heat is off . 
  the same movement did pretty much the same thing as in finland here in my town a couple of years ago . 
  they were handing out propaganda denying that the mass killings of jews during wwii ever happened , and attacked a passer-by who stopped to argue about this whole proposition . 
  they proceeded to assault him with their flagpole ( they often use these as weapons , so the top end is not exactly blunt ) , pushing him and kicking him . 
  this guy was a chef and the chairman of a local grass-roots union . 
  they call this `` acting against those who need disciplinary action '' in their own external media channels . 
  when police folded the investigation they posted statements on the www saying things such as `` ha ha , we will always get away '' [ a reference to a serious knife stabbing that almost killed person in connection with 8 march in another city , where the guy responsible for the murder attempt seemed to have gotten away by fleeing to fight in the azov battalion in ukraine ] . 
  their organizational culture of the nordic resistance movement is to be quite brazen about things like this - even if people are seriously hurt , or if activists risk jail time , it 's worth it as `` propaganda '' or `` successful disciplining '' to them . 
  they were only prosecuted and sentenced ( all but one , who is appealing to the highest court now ) after local media pressured the police to actually examine video evidence , where the timeline and identities of the smr activists could clearly be seen . 
  then there are the neo-nazis who are active in a movement which is considerably more popular , the soldiers of odin , a self-styled vigilante group with local gangs in many finnish cities . 
  groups like these are even more worrisome , because they can both have some popular support and be physically dangerous for anyone not agreeig with them . 
  there also connections between this latter group and the finns , a major party whose success made them part of a coalition government , but their roots are more in the populist tradition of the extreme right-wing . 
  the informal networks between these `` respectable '' parties and the tail of internet trolls and more ideologically racist street-fighters is that which is making this whole sorry state of things so hard to solve . 
  it is about a whole type ecology of different groups with different motivations , rather than `` actual neo-nazi movement '', 
  growing even more curious . 
  by my flair ? 
  sources that are not extreme right-wing sites ? 
  me neither . 
  just a few years ago , swedish members of this group stabbed and then assaulted the then chairman of our local labor union , in broad daylight in the inner city . 
  the chef ( his profession ) was arguing with them about what was being said in flies they were handing out , fliers about jewish conspiracies and whatnot . 
  just as the murder in helsinki , this was described in their media as `` taking disciplinary action '' against `` citizens who deserve it '' . 
  he is well today , but after media managed to get police to restart their folded investigation twice - they just had n't looked at the video of the attack , where the attackers could be clearly seen and also identified from previous attacks - he and his wife have had their house sabotaged , and also followed by soldiers of odin-type crowds when walking home at night . 
  he has n't given up his union activities , however , which is what they want . 
  i think this is coming more from a libertarian perspective though . 
  that is indeed a very good point , actually . 
  on swedish tv a person talking from muncih reported that he had been heard shouting `` i am german '' and `` fucking immigrants '' . 
  not verified yet though . 
  true , especially after the shocking incompetence ( ? ), 
  displayed during in recent years , including the nationalsozialistischer untergrund case . 
  from speaking to various people in the movement in uk , it seems that opinions are divided , even though few would actively say themselves to be in favor of the eu , but most do realize what the consequences for the union movement are going to be now when brexit has become a reality . 
  that said , there are also those who have a kind of knee-jerk reaction to everything bad about the eu and are content with that . 
  the consensus seems to be that the only thing to do is to soldier on in the labor and various social movements , but to batten down the hatches and get ready for the coming winter . 
  i do not understand why the anarkismo newswire would be considered not credible ? 
  will re-submit with the statement referenced from another source , but ca n't see what that one would be more credible . 
  no problem !, 
  colonialism . 
  yes !, 
  bring it !, 
  end crisis laws . 
  let civil society live again . 
  deep state dictatorship , again . 
  the only way to win is not to play . 
  yes , i agree . 
  they are both absurd phenomenons , but unfortunately they still exist out there in the world and have to be tackled . 
  just your usual grass-roots social movement . 
  yeah , i reacted to that too . 
  what is the journalistic interest ??? 
  this is absolutely a disgrace . 
  thanks for the concise summary . 
  we sure live in interesting times . 
  let 's hope sense will prevail . 
  yes , the link leads to a table from a study saying that . 
  a weak study ( number of participants , causal problems , etc ) as pointed out by the nhs . 
  http://www.nhs.uk/news/2014/04april/pages/vegetarians-have-poorer-quality-of-life-study-claims.aspx the interesting studies in this case are the meta-analyses that pool a large group of quality studies together to try to track a general tendency . 
  i think if you want to dig deeper into the issue , it is to this kind of evolving science these make out we want to look for . 
  imho the book `` bad science '' by ben goldacre is a good introduction for us laymen in how to try to discern what is what when encountering `` science '' in our everyday life . 
  it really is a great read all on its own too . 
  recommended !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bad_science_ ( book ), 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4144109/ etc. 
  etc. . . 
  in what way is sweden feminist ? 
   statistics are still very bad in terms of equality here . 
  i know that some feminist theoreticians and some vegetarian theoreticians make connections between the two different issues , but to me this does n't seem like a strong case , or if so a very weak one . 
  hellhole , yes , at least in terms of number sunny days in the summer re : really shitty rainy days . 
  no , it is not a question of a moral issue , aside from the ethical consequences of choosing to take into account the science about climate footprint , which is the reason public policy is changing . 
  i can understand if some people , like my brother , who runs a crossfit gym , are really singularly focused on things like protein quality , but this is not the issue here . 
  the thing is making the turn to a sustainable society makes it more reasonable to serve vegetarian food , no matter what the different scientific views on proteins etc is . 
  also , there might be health benefits from eating meat , but there is also for example a strong correlation to bowel cancer and so on . 
  summing up , just because there is conflicting scientific evidence , this does not make some scientists `` anti-science vegan crowd '' . 
  i think most for most schools it is mandatory to offer non-meat options , at least since 15 years . 
  i doubt that not offering all students school lunches when there is a legal obligation too would lead to hefty fines , so even if someone thought that would be fair , it would n't happen . 
  your statement does not make sense . 
  who are ` they ' ? 
  the pupils ? 
  the school kitchen staff ? 
  the politicians ? 
  i doubt that many of them are vegans , as only 2-4 % of the population identify as such in polls . 
  there 's a bigger chance that tee people you are referring to are vegetarians , as 10 % of the population identify as abstaining from meat . 
  as for the suv : s , i did n't find any stats on this , but this is not a very common type of car in sweden . 
  smartphones are abundant though , and alternatives like the fairphone are very expensive . 
  so undoubtedly people are doing some things to reduce their climate footprint , but not doing others . 
  this is a very good thing , for the environment , for the health of the students , and for a more cost-effective school lunch system . 
  things are moving all too slow , unfortunately . 
  the bombing against the falangist official . 
  the interesting thing is if she was sentenced for these other tweets you are telling us about , or about the tweet about the anti-dictatorship resistance . 
  http://bianco.ficedl.info/article1846.html seems to be this publication . 
  40 years is quite strong going , even though there are other anarchist publications , like brand ( 1898 ) still published , and freedom press in the uk founded in 1886, 
  some are socialist or libertarians too , though . 
  if people took after vio.me it seems like it would be a good thing , an inspiration for the whole of europe . 
  could you provide a link from local news reporting on it , since this thread now was closd down because `` no credible source '' . 
  i know this case is well-known and well-published , so it 's a weird action to have taken . 
  well , once the libertarian movement was the mainstream in many countries , more so than social democrats . 
  oh , come on , it is a big scandal and it is still ongoing . 
  like bildt and his old lundin oil links to belarus and russia etc.
