they do n't have anything to do with the federal government or the parliament , though . 
  at least he did n't have to threaten judges this way . 
  he gets what he wants anyway . 
  it 's hard to earn the people 's trust with corruption , though . 
  while i also think that the ep should have the right to propose laws , it 's not a great loss . 
  most laws are proposed by the government anyway . 
  laws that were proposed by the opposition in the parliament are usually rejected . 
  that goes for germany , at least . 
  also , the ep has recently elected the commission . 
  in the moment they join , they think they would never desert . 
  so they do n't feel fear when joining . 
  nice try , serbia . 
  hungary is getting there . 
  this is why we do n't fight wars anymore . 
  you 're talking about credit cards while matrisylva probably means the regular debit card from your local bank . 
  credit cards are very unpopular here and are mostly used for foreign countries or online shopping . 
  but i 'm actually not sure whether you can pay with our debit card in denmark or not . 
  you can probably just withdraw money at an atm while paying a ridiculously high fee . 
  yay , i 'm poor !, 
  they already need 1st world psychological treatment . 
  i do n't hate france :3, 
  good . 
  * runs away *, 
  of course , little brother :3, 
  they did a few years ago , that turned down . 
  now , they 're all prost again . 
  austrians ... germans ... all this map shows is that we 're the same . 
  many things have already been said . 
  i do use my ec debit card if i do n't have any cash at hand or for larger amounts like at the gas station . 
  i do n't really see any advantage of a credit card compared to the regular ec card since 1 . 
  most banks demand a yearly/monthly fee for one 2 . 
  i ca n't think of a provider that offers you points for buying stuff with a credit card . 
  i 'm not sure if that exists here . 
  what does exist are bonus card systems like payback , but with these points , you can usually just get stuff like cheap coffee makers . 
  and you can not pay with them , they 're just for bonus points . 
  so i do n't bother with that . 
  also , buying a car with 10,000 $ in cash is the shit . 
  cash is love . 
  cash is life . 
  hot, 
  i know ids ebin : dd, 
  very cool . 
  now i can see the russians coming closer on a live map . 
  could you join already ? 
  if they would , russia 's reaction would be much more unpleasant . 
  seems like a pretty cool guy . 
  probably travel to romania or r\u00e9union . 
  you 're gon na vote them anyway . 
  i hope you killed them all . 
  wow , so young and hip !, 
  makes me wan na support communism all of a sudden . 
   new im-fucking-plying, 
  i believe that 's pretty much a war . 
  [ are you telling me , you have heard about belarus before ? 
   never heard of serbia oh boy , wait until you find out about belarus . 
  akp wins lol, 
  most probably it will * be more expensive than planned , * have weak spots that make it unsuited for the original purpose , then everybody facepalms and thinks `` why would n't they think of that ? '' . 
  that is the usual protocol for modern german projects , whether it 's airports , cultural buildings , military drones or rifles . 
  that 's basically what i meant , sorry . 
  i do n't want to abolish the representative part of our system , god forbid . 
  all swiss are the same . 
  proud , white , conservative . 
  that 's why democracy can only work there . 
  ofc , m8, 
  the swiss get rtl as well . 
  nope . 
  there is a set maximum price for different services , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_roaming_regulations you 'll have to add the vat . 
  the standard prepaid plan price for an sms in germany is 9 ct , so it 's cheaper to write a message from another european country to germany . 
  just one country . 
  the eu tries to abolish roaming charges by 2018 but that 's not safe , yet . 
  i want direct democracy , too ; _ ;, 
   i have no respect for or trust in the police . 
  * tips molotov, 
  alright , we take austria , holland and denmark, 
  i 'd like to see federalization . 
  i see it going down the drain . 
  yes , we are . 
  very third world , refugees do n't come pls . 
  pensions are not tax-free . 
  shut up and work , peasant !, 
  every country has tabloids . 
  help , little orange men occupy our camping sites !, 
  nope, 
  huh , even the russians get shit done during vacation . 
  apparently i live in a tornado area . 
  the more you know . 
  holy shit , i was drunk when i wrote this, 
  depends on traffic . 
  130 - 160 km/h and breaking down to 90 regularly because truck overtake each with a speed difference if 2 km/h . 
  i mean , come on, 
  bye britain, 
  yup, 
  we are taking measures right now, 
  for you, 
  this is why isis bombs us, 
  the best show for map autism , i love it !, 
  just fuck my democracy up, 
  post feet, 
  afaik , some employers actually wrote that in the employment contracts but courts decided that these clauses are void . 
  polish death camps,
