  italy 's catholic , we created protestantism but then ditched it for atheism . 
  they use the euro , we use the pound . 
  industrial revolution started in britain . 
  i do n't know where to stop , what in the uk is italian culture ? 
  we 're not european we 're british . 
  we 're as european as australia is british ( we 're not ) . 
  when you say  parts of texas are very czech &  i put the uk and italy in the same catagory because they are a shared culture i know that you clearly have no idea what you 're talking about , i ca n't take you seriously at all , i do n't know if you 're just being stubborn with your argument or if you 're actually that ignorant . 
  you probably need to come and see europe . 
  seriously tell me , what do italy and the uk share culturally ? 
  then take that and compare the uk and india . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 but that 's what those isles are called, 
  i put brittany with the uk because the tribes that were originally from there were britons and the name sounds like britain . 
  just a crappy joke map , no need to get wound up over it . 
  [ sometimes we redraw them though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5ijsxavvao&amp;index=1&amp;list=plfxy4_sbqdxy3a2lvl-y3qwtejebc_qcp ), 
  when i 'm not making joke maps i just call you guys ireland ( ayr-ln ), 
  i 've seen that map before , yeah it 's cool . 
  the us might 've had a lot of eastern european migrants , but how much eastern european culture does it actually have ? 
  the us is n't poor and communist and as far as i know you guys do n't put sugar or custard on potatoes . 
  i 'm saying that the things that european countries have in common , is now found almost all over the world . 
  western european culture from mainly britain , france , netherlands and belgium is all over the world . 
  all over the world , clothing , buildings , government system , [ not the food or drink ] ( http://cdn.foodbeast.com.s3.amazonaws.com/content/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/global-lactose-intolerance.png ) , music , art , literature , school systems , the english language , media , tv and film , science , engineering and probably lots more are all taken from western europe . 
  those countries in totally different continents are about as similar to the uk as the uk is to italy . 
  so how can you put uk and italy under the same category whilst somehow excluding the rest of the world ? 
  we 're talking about a lot of broad categories is the problem , and the uk all recently lost our european passports so there is negativity in the air about being called one . 
  there are lots of things that are british , but since britain is in the european continent , we usually consider those british things european . 
  so a lot of culturally british things are just observed as european things . 
  and those british things we have in common with europe aside , we still have a very distinct culture from the rest of europe . 
  but if you 're being broad enough to call the us a european culture too ( assuming you mean western european ) then i guess uk does fit into that category too yeah . 
  but which countries do not fit into that category anymore ? 
  is n't european culture much too broad a definition these days ? 
  i 've been there , how did i even make that mistake ? 
  so is the us european ? 
  it is culturally and genetically european to the same degree that the uk is , but is n't on the european continent . 
  is turkey european ? 
  they have a different culture , are for the most part a different race , but they are on the european continent . 
  there 's resistance because it 's fucking annoying . 
  we have our own culture , we even have our own genetics and our geography could n't be closer to not being europe without not actually being in europe unless we actually started floating away into a different continent . 
  why is russia scandinavia ? 
  agree to disagree, 
  the joke was that britain ( england , wales and scotland ) do not see themselves as europeans . 
  i mean what 're we talking ? 
  there 's so many ways to twist this around . 
  if brits are racially european , then it 's like saying europeans are racially african or new zealdanders and australians are racially british . 
  genetically brits are racially distinct from the rest of europe , ( yes they are still european genetically ) but from this point of view , saying the uk is european also implies canada , australia and new zealand are british ( as they 're genetically closer to the brits than the brits are to the rest of europe ) if we 're talking nationality . 
  soon brits will no longer be eu citizens , so will have british passports instead of european passports , making them not european . 
  they 've also never been in the schengen area which is something almost all other `` european '' countries have in common , giving them common peoples ( european people ) . 
  if we 're talking geography . 
  britain is on the european continent , but not part of continental europe or mainland europe , whereas turkey and russia are . 
  the same guys who call britain european tend to say that russia and turkey are not european , soo . 
  culturally . 
  like i say , the guy was joking . 
  but this whole subject is genuinely subjective , so if a brit says that they are n't european , you ca n't really say that they 're wrong unless the person was really specific in what they said . 
  i think its just a joke , but do you guys accept that you 're british ? 
  being serious , it 's wrong to call it republic of ireland too right ? 
  i heard jersey has loads of ice cream vans, 
  the jokes that people in britain do n't see themselves as european , including the scots, 
  included too many countries . 
  should have been ; ireland , spain , mainland europe , disregard others, 
  i do electrical at university . 
  you ca n't really ever be completely reliant on solar and wind energy alone because you ca n't save up the excess electricity generated , it doesnt get put into a big battery or anything , electricity is generated as it is needed . 
  the national grid literally have to predict how much energy is needed every minute of every hour of the year and generate more or less electricity as it 's needed ( so powering up the coal plants when people get home at 5:15 and turn the kettle on ) . 
  the uk has n't shut down the coal plants , the national grid was just saying that there was 1 hour where they did n't have to generate any electricity with the coal plants . 
  the renewable way of controlling how much electricity you generate is with hydropower , but hydropower is n't very environmentally friendly unless you already have a big lake available . 
  pshhhh  school repeatedly told us that the industrial revolution started in derbyshire , credit going to sir richard arkwright creating the first factory , 
  the town where i live and grew up in was an engineering town because it was between two cities and lots of mining towns . 
  the town is n't full of engineers but 2 of my great grandparents were engineers , 1 of my grandads was an engineer and now i 'm at uni doing eee and my sisters thinking about goinf the same route . 
  i feel like i 'm the product of selective breeding or something . 
  white sky and drizzle is pretty typical , but sometimes the wind gets so bad that trees fall over or the rain gets so bad that everywhere floods . 
  ca n't be bothered to carry on with this , so i agree to disagree but  i dont think people would vote for him if they thought he is dumb theres a trend of americans running for president pretending to be dumber than they are as they know it pulls in more votes from that american demographic . 
  i hoped trump was faking it but he 's in office now and does n't appear to be acting any differently than he was . 
  agreed that people are twisting their heads round because of fear mongering . 
  i 'm pretty anti-us but i do n't see why the us would want to break up the eu , the eu is the us ' strongest ally , we 're in nato with them . 
  yeah the us spies on the eu , they spy on everybody . 
  the uk spies on everybody . 
  russa spies on everybody . 
  it 's a form of defence and only common sense to do it , it 's how the uk managed to tip off france about that terror plot this week . 
   unable to find a solution you mean refusing to use the solution , refusing to adapt to the changing world . 
  waiting for the day where we have a comments section on / r/europe that does n't have a dig against the uk in it, 
   however , the amount of electricity generated by renewables fell , from 25.4 per cent in the second quarter of 2015 to 24.9 per cent in 2016 , largely due to bad weather . 
  yeah but who 's fucking goal is money ? 
  way under 50 % i 'd say , which makes it non-correlative , and even if your goal is money and you are dumb , that doesnt make you become poor , look at donald trump . 
  i never did biology or psychology past a-level either , just spent a lot of time reading about them both cause i find them interesting aha . 
  you should read about genetic studies into behaviour , i find that really interesting . 
  i find it easy to shun nurture arguements cause when you look around you its so easy to find people that contradict the main stereotypes . 
  e.g clever people who went to crap schools , nice people who were abused when they were younger , dickheads who grew up with everything they could ever want . 
  i think 30 40 years time we 'll have a lot of concrete evidence a lot of behavioural traits being mainly influenced by genetics . 
  the information has n't really been collected yet , there wo n't be much money in researching it until companies believe and realise how much they can abuse it . 
  well i think a lot of the people were insinuating that they 're rich because they 're intelligent , and their parents were rich because they were intelligent too . 
  iv ' e heard people say similar things about being good looking . 
  that intelligence and being good looking are hand in hand because those people always get together . 
  even taking environmental into account . 
  the schools in the uk do n't differ loadss , so the envoronmental impact of them is going to be hugely negligible , and besides i still do n't agree that knowledge is representative of intelligence  so i doubt having a slightly better teacher would ever impact iq scores and such . 
  edit : i do think other environmental impacts are at play , butttt i actually think that links back to genetics again . 
  i think that lots of personality traits ( not all ) are genetically caused . 
  so the link ; no matter the environment , if a child is curious by nature . 
  that child is going to experiment and look for information and train their brain . 
  if you 're born super rich or super poor and you 're lazy or just not curious , then you arent going to pick up much no matter how people try to push the child and no matter how intelligent the child is . 
  so i doo agree , but again i kinda dont haha . 
  show me some stastistics then . 
  prove that poor people are less intelligent .
