  in psychology nurture usually only affects in extremes , for example , out of people who never experimented with cocaine 100 % of them did not become cocaine addicts . 
  in countries with no space agencies , 0 % of the population grew up to become rocket scientists , and 100 % of nationals from those countries who did become rocket scientists have emigrated . 
  the psychological differences between men and women are mainly caused by differences in chemical levels of their brains . 
  you know that if a boy was raised as a girl he would most likely still grow up to be a straight male , we are n't blank surfaces when we 're born . 
  ( there 's actually a weird documentary out there somewhere about two boy twins , one had his dick burned off when he was a baby and was raised as a girl because of it . 
  he ended up with huge psychological issues and killed himself in his 20 's in the end . ), 
  when i was under 5 my dad used to take me to football matches , i tried to like football but never really enjoyed it so i used to bring paper and pens and draw while i was there . 
  now that i 'm older i 'm still a very similar person despite my environment pushing me in the other direction . 
  every person you walk into in the streets has lived an entire life before that moment you met them , the guy in the shitty job at tesco 's could have tried really hard at school for all you know , some people just are n't born intelligent . 
  the examples of `` nurture '' failing are all around you , but people ignore them because it 's lazy and easy to assume that their environment and experiences made them that way . 
   for example . 
  afaik it 's been proven that men are better drivers , while women can tell the differences among colors better . 
  and proven to the point where you ca n't argue that `` society is to blame '' . 
  and alright , those two even make sense from an evolutionary perspective . 
  yep , they do n't make the slightest bit of sense from a nurture perspective  but the differences in stem participation ? 
  far too many variables for my liking . 
  agreed , which is why i refuse to par it off as being caused by nurture . 
  if you 'd like my guess as to why . 
  i think the choice is n't likely to be choice of job , but choice of the entire situation . 
  i 'm in engineering myself , i have n't chosen it because i enjoy engineering , i 've chosen it because it 's high pay , high job availability where i live , and that i 'm naturally creative and good at maths . 
  if i were a different gender then there 's a good chance my priorities would be different ( my two sisters have totally different priorities and preferences for sure ) , maybe i 'd care more about amount of time travelling , number of hours at work , how much i enjoy the job . 
  if i lived in a different country then maybe a different job would have seemed to be higher pay with more availability and i would have gone for that instead . 
  yeah the difference between countries is changed by environment , but the real controlling factor is biology if you believe what i believe . 
  i do n't think that different gender ratios in different jobs in different countries is necessarily indicative of inequality , i think that they naturally balance unequally . 
  laws and rights and pay differences are indicative of inequality . 
  i think i 'd be raising my eyebrows more at these results if it were a perfect 50 % in all areas for a country . 
  sorry if this has come across as hostile . 
  i find it offensive that people believe that if i was raised differently or put in a slightly different environment , i would grow to be a different person . 
  i 'm all me and my achievements are my achievements , not my environments . 
  yeah i 'm sure if a boy was dressed in pink and given barbie dolls to play with then by the time he hits puberty his brain would n't start releasing so much testosterone . 
   what people are `` into '' depends on the society they 're living in . 
  men 's and women 's brains are physically different , do you disregard this ? 
  maybe the tories could use it as a battle plan for new trade routes, 
  every thread to do with the uk is the same . 
  lmao, 
  maybe the tories have given up on private hospitals and have shares in vpn companies instead now, 
   curious : do you have to prove your identity when you buy a printed porn magazine in the uk ? 
  you have to show your id to buy a can of energy drink if they think you might not be 16 , so yeah you do, 
  it depends where you live in the uk edit : downvotes , okayyy . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-derbyshire-39296219 ) 's a recent report about a doctor from there gps that i 've used my whole life . 
  i have a 23 year long list of fuck ups from the nhs if anybody is interested . 
  most recent one was them fucking up my granddads insulin , which resulted in him having lots of ministrokes from high blood sugar , which resulted in dementia , which resulted in his death . 
  bollocks, 
  ahhh that makes sense , i thought he meant a downwards spike for some reason, 
  nuclear power doesnt release much carbon dioxide, 
  i sympathise with a guy with a german flair saying that , but for all these years the uk has put in more money than the majority of members , if this was a business then we 'd be collecting our shares . 
  i did n't know the eu was into that kinda stuff , thought half of you were still rampantly homophobic, 
  oh so the eu are refunding the uk ? 
   it does n't make sense to talk about anything if the uk does n't agrees to the amount to be paid first . 
  when you buy something from a shop do you give them your money before you know what you 're buying ? 
  i voted remain so please stop talking to me like a shithead and did you even read what i originally wrote ? 
  what do these articles have to do with what the eu wishes to accomplish from brexit ? 
  literally none of them are even about the eu . 
  the first is about public opinion , the second is about nicola sturgeon , the third is about a us billionaire , the fourth is about samsung . 
  i literally do n't care to argue over nothing , i 'm not gon na continue replyin here, 
  i 'm talking majority of 16-30 year olds in the uk , would you agree with that ? 
  maybe you should learn to read between the lines friend . 
  you do n't agree ? 
  no problem . 
  yeah i think the majority opinion is that we should be treating all immigrants equally . 
  it 's not fair or healthy to give special treatment to europeans and thus give strict treatment to the rest of the world . 
  the united kingdom is an ironic name , we 've never been united haha do n't worry about it . 
   now , i also do n't have any figures but would you say i 'm right in thinking that a significant percentage of that 7.8 % increase is due to an increase in natality brought by the immigrants from non european countries ? 
  yeah i 'd guess roughly half is non-eu , half is eu  and that a bigger percentage of immigrants from the commonwealth will remain permanently in the uk as opposed to europeans who will go back home at one point in their life ? 
  from my life experience , it seems about the same . 
  it 's much much harder for non-eu citizens to remain in the uk sadly . 
  i have a nigerian friend from uni , ended up with the same degree as me ( good university , good and needed subject ) , he has until october to find a job and have a company pay for a work visa for him ( which costs thousands of pounds ) or he has to return to nigeria ( large chunks of it are being held by isil right now ) . 
  if he lost his job , he would have 2 weeks to find a new job or get out , the company would again have to sponsor a new work visa for him regardless of how long he had left on his old one . 
   the reason i 'm mentioning this is because lots of brits have the impression that the increase in immigration , and the issues it brings , is entirely caused by europeans , especially from the east i do n't think that 's entirely true . 
  we know that we 're totally reliant on immigrants , i think the opinion is that the number is just too high right now . 
  the reason people put more blame on european immigration is that the eu law forbids us from controlling this immigration . 
  we have really strict immigration for non-europeans to keep our total number down because we have to say yes to every european . 
  my nigerian friend with an eee degree from a good university might have to go home because we have to say yes to every pole who wants a job in a factory . 
  we need both of them , but we could be a lot more efficient and fair if we could control both of them . 
  there is truth to it but it has become very distorted , so i agree with you on some level , but at the mechanical level it 's kind of true yeah . 
   not only that is false but most of them will return home at one point in their lives as opposed to non european immigrants . 
  they come here , they help grow our economy , they earn their own money and then they go home . 
  good for them , i do n't understand what 's wrong with it . 
   her mayness had this plan to copy-paste eu law into national law and change as she sees fit after this whole mess is done . 
  unless i understood that one wrong . 
  sounds both lazy and dodgy . 
  you got a source for whatever you 're talking about ? 
  i thought we were reverting back to uk law for the most part , are you talking about product regulations ? 
  that would seem sensible to me , i do n't think the uk had many gripes with eu regulations when it comes to products . 
   i 'm much more worried the uk may split over this . 
  the comedy of horrors has n't even started yet and this will be a painful ride . 
  the uk is one very similar multi-culture with mostly similar political opinion , most people in the uk have family from every corner of the uk . 
  the only reason i can see for the uk splitting would be for political reasons , but no part of the uk can afford to go without the rest . 
  i ca n't find the source , but i saw an article that claimed that if scotland had have gone independent when they had their referendum , then less than a month later their country would have been in debt because the oil prices fluctuated so much . 
  regions of england ca n't survive without the rest of the uk , scotland ca n't survive without the rest of the uk , wales ca n't survive without the rest of the uk . 
  maybe northern ireland could if they joined the rest of ireland , but assuming agreements between uk and ireland hold up ( that have nothing to do with the eu ) , then northern ireland is probably one of the least affected areas as it stands . 
  i ca n't see it happening personally . 
   that 's because you watch/read/listen to british media . 
  i do n't watch telly and do n't read newspapers , my impression has come from reading articles on reddit mainly , many of them from this sub . 
  i really wish she would, 
   also , there are voices that the eu will be better off without the uk . 
  your political integration with one another will be for sure , but we 're talking about the economies here are n't we ? 
   geography is a leftist lie ? 
  i love how people still think that brexit was a right wing thing . 
  corbyn voted leave and theresa may voted remain .
