  it 's basically been through a few decades long downfall which was caused by eu competition and eu regulation repeatedly banning ingredients , which caused them to have to change their original recipes and the quality to go downhill a lot . 
  unsustainable for a company that is based on targeting posh and rich people . 
  after cadburys got brought out by americans , thorntons was the largest chocolate/sweet/toffee company in the uk so worth protecting by the uk gov , and if we were n't in they eu they could have bent the regulations in favour of it or whatever - or at least some of them . 
  i mean i do n't know the details of why ingredients were banned , so i 'm not wholly behind this argument . 
  i think eu has the approach of banned until proven safe right ? 
  so this somehow messes with decades old recipes . 
  in that case the eu regs caused the company to go under , and it 's been brought out by ferrero rocher now . 
  these are just reaaallly local examples , i 'm talking a town of 15000 and i doubt i 've even heard close to all of the examples in the local area . 
  if we go nation wide then i 'm sure there are a lot more notable cases where the uk gov could have stepped in . 
  i 'm gon na keep on saying though , it 's the principle i 'm behind , not any individual examples . 
  you 're poking me trying to get me to say shit that i 'm not saying , i 've already said 3 times in this thread that it 's the principle of eu writing uk laws that i did n't agree with , not actual eu laws . 
  has lack of tariffs ever been a problem ? 
  of course it has , by not doing it you are n't protecting what needs to be protected . 
  to a large consequence though ? 
  i do n't know , and do n't care enough to look because regardless of whether it has or not , it 's the principle of laws that i disagree with , my opinions already set . 
   can you name some of the eu laws you do n't like ? 
  i did n't say i do n't like them , i think i do agree with most of them . 
  but i think that it 's important for the future that the uk writes it 's own laws . 
  it 's the principle of the eu writing laws for the uk that i do n't agree with . 
  but actually , i do n't like that the uk ca n't control it 's own tariffs to protect uk companies , specifically the publicly owned companies and small business . 
  the norway model was for norway , but a similar one would 've probably been fine . 
  honestly i was n't bothered about being in eee . 
  but i was for eu immigration , we have human rights laws up to standard anyway and our economy is strong and stable enough to qualify for the eu . 
  so with all of that we would have been eligible for * some * kind of trade deal . 
  the only thing i wouldve been against would be following the eu 's laws and changing currency ( just cause it proved itself to be the correct choice last time round and i would have to change my reddit username ) . 
  i know it would be hard to satisfy all leave voters , but their job is to satisfy the entire country not just the leave voters . 
  i think the easiest way to do this would be allowing eu immigration and trying to get the best trade deal for the uk that they can . 
  i 've said elsewhere but basically , ideologically i think small governments are better , i didnt want the uk to be politically integrated with europe , and long term i think its important that the uk can write its own laws . 
  i 'm fine with immigration , the eu 's trading regulations and trading with europe ( not including the fact we werent allowed to set up our own trade deals outside of the eu ) . 
  and all those things we could have carried on doing outside of europe theoretically , although it doesnt look like that 'll happen now we have theresa may , it looked a lot more realistic when david cameron was promising he wouldnt resign haha . 
  i stand by my choice though , i think what i chose was important long term , and new governments can undo the tories fuck ups in years to come . 
  no finland !, 
  you ca n't break the laws of physics !, 
  i had to help write a business for devloping something to do that automatically at university, 
  so that you can criticise it ? 
  haha the eu is built off of `` an ever closer europe '' , so has constantly been full of pressures for long term political integration . 
  changing from a trade union to political union is a big obvious one . 
  i know the uk has its veto , but it is n't really in anybodies interest for the uk to be constantly vetoing things or trying to come to compromises . 
  i just believe that smaller local governments are better so i think that the laws for the uk should be written by the uk and not the eu . 
  you shouldnt be comparing solar irradiation , you should be comparing sunlight . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/europe_sunshine_hours_map.png solar panels create energy from the photons in light not the electromagnetic radiation from it . 
  cause that breaks the laws of physics . 
  you ca n't spend energy to create light and then from that light receive more energy than you put in in the first place . 
  unfair contest, 
  hard brexit is refusing all principles of the eu and having no trade deal with the eu . 
  any other kind of brexit is a compromise between the two such as making headway to join the eee or something like that . 
  like i say , i voted leave . 
  i only voted leave to stop forced political integration which i dont agree with long term and believe would be better for both sides without , and so that we have full control over our laws , which i also think is important long term . 
  i was happy with immigration as it was , i think most trade deals with the eu are good for the uk , and i 'm also happy with all of the trade regulations imposed by the eu that i know about . 
  if the percentage of people who thought the same as me as well as remain were taken into account we would have a majority . 
  so we would allow immigration from the eu which would allow us to get at least some kind of trade deal with the eu . 
  it 's probably done on purpose as part of the statement tbh, 
  portugal looks nervous, 
  hey wan na deal ? 
  wouldnt extreme left wingers vote to leave ? 
  do n't majority of them hate big governments ? 
  i 'm a 23 year old eee university student who voted to leave . 
  i think people are more mad that she 's pushing for the hardest brexit which she 's doing by refusing free trade before negotiations even began - even though i think this is likely a bluff to help with negotiations . 
  about 50 % of people voted to remain and of the 50 % that voted leave it 's like she 's assuming 100 % of those people voted for the hardest brexit , even though it 's massively unlikely that they did not . 
  trying to say , the majority of the country did not want the hardest brexit , which theresa may appears to be going for . 
  i think that 's why people are mad at her in terms of brexit . 
  cheers ** , ** mate . 
  hahah , why do americans always pause before they say mate , even over the internet, 
  i think the picts spoke scottish gaelic right ? 
  i dont know how similar those languages are though, 
  i should 've said scottish gaelic, 
  [ shaw ] ( https://www.houseofnames.com/shaw-family-crest ) `` the clans of the pictish people in ancient scotland were the ancestors of the first people to use the name shaw . 
  it was a name for a person who shared some of the qualities attributed to a wolf . '', 
  what i said was n't quite right but close enough eh ? 
  i think that 's why it 's in little chunks is n't it ? 
  on the video i used as a source it changes a few times yeah, 
  france can keep it , we cool , we cool, 
  there 's only ever been one king of wales , it 's spent the majority of it 's history as part of england or as little kingdoms/tribes, 
  fun fact !, 
  my surname means wolf in gaelic, 
  well the tribes were all similar language , and the same culture . 
  but because the romans occupied everything up to hadrians wall it created a cultural divide that is still here today . 
  like yeah , there 's cultural divides all over britain , but the one between the english and scottish has negatively impacted us probably more than any other over this past 2000 years . 
  what did he do ? 
   by that reasoning people in my country would still be drowning people in the swamp honoring wodan/odin uh , you mean thor 's dad ? 
  that 's way cooler than all the jesus nonsense !, 
  look what you 've lost !, 
  [ taken from this video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owwlecjnylm ) i wonder how many of us would 've been born in a different country if it were still like this . 
  but the saxon nobles were n't britons anyway haha . 
  my under < 5 % was actually including the saxons . 
  i was just trying to say it was more of a rebrand . 
  englands always been run by elites who are n't really part of the normal population since the romans first invaded . 
  it went from tribes with no rule when the populations was picts gaels and britons to romans to scandinavians and french/germans who then evolved into the upper class elites who still run us today . 
  whereas the population remains britons , gaels and picts now renamed english/welsh , irish and scottish . 
  maybe if the britons , picts and gaels had never been conquered by the romans our entire history would be completely different . 
  druids instead of priests , kept celtic art music and culture , never lose our ancient technologies but develop them further , never become imperialist nations . 
  but i think i missed your point first time round , are you saying we have the normans to thank for uniting britain ? 
  actual number of normans were < 5 % and they were treated the same as the natives , they didnt even bring much culture with them as far as i know . 
  the new king was pretty much the same as the old king and they were cousins anyway , so the norman invasion was really just a name change of royalty . 
  it was the romans who really showed britain how to empire . 
  helpful reminder from the spanish years later . 
  what even is a comprehensive school ? 
  i didnt know there were different types of schools until recently , every school in my area are just free schools . 
  i did spanish from year 7 to 8 .
