  why would i leave my family and friends to go to a worse university in a language i do n't understand ? 
  the more i think about it , the more unfair it feels aha . 
  our universities made by our ancestors , highest rated in the world so shows how much money and effort we 've put into them , we live in and add to the communities surrounding them but we 're the only fuckers who have to pay to go to them ? 
  such an annoying example of an eu law that does n't work for all of the countries within it . 
  only people who have to pay to go to an english university in the eu are the english , amazing . 
  maybe if people from abroad did have to pay , then people from england would actually have a chance at getting into their own universities . 
  wow, 
  yeah they do have a good system going for themselves , the uk pays taxes and then the scottish get to go to university for free . 
  which includes the english , welsh and irish, 
  im just being honest , the countries that get my attention are n't necessarily in europe . 
  well the people in the scottish parliament are also in the united kingdoms parliament , so you 're sort of right . 
  the scottish parliament 's there to pass decisions that only involve scotland but since brexit affects the whole of the uk , voting for/against brexit is supposed to happen in westminister not in holyrood . 
  they 're just putting on a show . 
  do n't ask me why scotland gets its own parliament . 
  as someone from a poor area in the middle of england , i 'm still waiting for a scot to explain to me why he gets to go to university for free but i have to pay # 9k a year . 
  okay i see your point now . 
  what would a pro-eu voice sound like for the uk though ? 
  like i think our main reason for being in the eu was to help out other countries , it 's quite hard to turn that into a good pro-eu argument without accidentally turning more people to the other side . 
  who do you mean by western ? 
  french/dutch/belgians ? 
  i doubt a brit could n't even point out serbia on a map no way do we dislike them . 
  i 'll admit i did n't realise the country was still around until a few years ago , i thought it 'd been consumed by some other country hundreds of years ago . 
  fair play with your sources . 
  around the time i actually watched a lot of stuff from the bbc on it , usually there was a remain guy and a leave guy arguing it out , question time or something . 
  i did watch informative documentaries about structure of eu and stuff which were actually from the bbc . 
  i suppose it depends whether or not the people actually sought this information like i did . 
  in news ' and articles ' defence . 
  the remain argument was basically ; `` nothing will change '' , so there is n't really much to write about , it 's a bit of a shallow subject . 
  the leave argument was a lot broader a subject , so it would 've been much easier to create content for . 
  who demonized who ? 
  we had both heavy anti-eu campaigns and heavy pro-eu campaigns . 
  40 years of membership where the uk was constantly in disagreements with the eu , where there were protests when we joined and the fact that when we joined it was n't a political union but just a trade union . 
  that 's what `` we '' means in democracy unfortunately . 
  why does everyone seem to dislike serbia ? 
  you think no-one on this continent will ever be as free as those in the us ? 
  pleaaaase . . we were anti-eu way before that fucking bus . 
  chill out mardarse i was only joking haha, 
  `` the great britains parliament . '', 
  yeah that 's something fox would probably write . 
  how have those regions been drawn up ? 
  i love mr speaker . 
  he 's one of our right wing guys by the way , would n't think it when you compare him to left wing americans . 
  we are , but it is n't british nationals that 're doing it . 
  i found out i have a great great great grandma who was a jamaican slave ( i have blonde hair and blue eyes so it was pretty shocking ) . 
  you can just apologise to me if you 'd like . 
  does n't le penn want a frexit ? 
  are you saying brexit is making people want le penn more ? 
  i confused . 
  when i was at college i used to work in a canteen for a factory and some of the polish people there used to reguarly buy jacket potatoes with custard on . 
  when i was at college i used to work in a canteen for a factory and some of the polish people there used to reguarly buy jacket potatoes with custard on . 
  yes i agree with that , it isnt really an opinion but more of a fact . 
  there are rules that are n't to do with trade though , most obvious one being free movement of people . 
  are we asking for special treatment if we ask for a mutually beneficial trade agreement without the free movement of people ? 
  i dont think we are europeans by the looks of things . 
  `` anglo saxon '' , i hate that term :( why have we been named after < 5 % of our dna instead of being named after our natives which makes  85 % of it . 
  we do n't even speak german !, 
  makes no sense !, 
  i put `` yeah after reform '' , the people who put `` no indefinitely '' are xenophobic no doubt . 
  if you pass all the tests that every other country in the eu passed then you should certainly be allowed in . 
  anyone find it weird that nigel farage is more disliked than putin and trump ? 
  i do n't like him either but in comparison to trump and putin i think he looks like a saint . 
  yeah the uk never did anything for human rights . 
  i thought we 'd see answers by country like every other post on this subreddit ? 
  i know its a lot of graphs but i think it 'd be appreciated ? 
  uks rich but the people are n't , thats how its always been isnt it ? 
  i think its now fair to say that these incidents are now frequent . 
  this is the most pc comment i 've ever seen . 
  terrorist shouting alluh ahkbar and you talk someone down for accusing the guy of being an extremist muslim . 
  maybe i 've got the wrong end of the stick . 
  what do you mean by more special treatment ? 
  what 've you heard brits asking for ? 
  only thing i 've heard from brits is wanting a mutually beneficial trade deal with the eu where we do n't have to follow their stupid rules . 
  i would n't count that as wanting special treatment since the result is beneficial for both sides , the eu would be cutting off its nose to spite its face if it said no to that . 
  agreed . 
  i made a t-shirt today , it was fun , would recommend . 
  no it is n't uk vs eu at all , so why did the eu make it that way once they heard the result ? 
  tm set out initially to get a deal that was good for both of us , this got thrown out of the window with the eu 's response , so now she 's looking for the best deal for the uk instead . 
  your argument seriously lacks truth , we do n't have anything against europeans at all , we really really do n't . 
  the truth is that we do n't give a shit about europeans . 
  we are n't against you ( we are n't against you ) we just think we 'd be better off without you and do n't care how you go about without us . 
  have you ever considered the question of why the uk was given special treatment ? 
  are you mad at the uk for having special treatment or mad at the eu for giving us special treatment ? 
  glad it 's mutual , we definitely did n't care about the eu for the same reasons the other countries within it care for it . 
  when ya dont take your add meds, 
  when i saw how low the figure was i assumed that they have multiple salaries , one from their party for instance another from bribes . 
  i 'm only getting the dictionary out since i was being downvoted to oblivion despite being correct . 
  i do n't really care how good the reddit community is at english . 
  in the uk and ireland , when someone says salary , they mean yearly payment . 
  go onto any uk based job website if you do n't believe me . 
  that oxford dictionary definition is agrees with me by the way . 
  `` a fixed regular payment , typically paid on a monthly basis but often expressed as an annual sum '' so a regular payment , expressed as an annual sum . 
  oxford definition for annual ; `` occurring once every year '', 
  i assumed i knew what salary meant and then assumed that the mep 's get additional payments through other means that would make up for it . 
  like salaries from the party they stand for and bribes ect . 
  fair enough , my mistake . 
  assumed it was so low because they get paid through other means to be honest . 
  i didnt misunderstand i just did n't know that europeans use `` salary '' to talk about their monthly payments . 
  salary means yearly . 
  halved by 3000 $ , means she 's currently on 6000 $ . 
  4x less than 6000 $ is 1500 $ a year .
