  you 're generalizing . 
  so you think the polls were done differently to one another ? 
  one of them was faulty or something ? 
  yougovs voters are a small section of uk voters . 
  if yougovs voters become more `` leave '' over time , that is an indication that the uk as a whole is leaning towards `` leave '' more . 
  just because yougovs first poll said remain was more popular does n't mean that it was wrong , it was still correct for their audience , so can still be used to predict wider trends . 
  yougovs results are either relevant , or irrelevant . 
  you 're the one arguing that they indicate brexit is less popular , so decide if you think they mean anything or not . 
   since it 's been a political union for a long time i do n't get this sudden realization that changed your vote . 
  because we were constantly being lied to by the government , they kept saying that the eu was not a political union ( including david cameron and the remain campaign ) . 
  so i just assumed it was bullshit coming from idiots , right wing newspapers , ukip and nigel farage . 
  eventually i realised that they were telling the truth , and my opinion of it suddenly changed . 
  you have fair points , but i guess it comes down to the details on whether these things can be good for both of us or not . 
   we should better make damn sure that we do n't lose those people to the uk/anyone . 
  i 'm actually at a good university in the uk . 
  it 's 5th for my subject on university league tables in the uk , and overall its a top 1 % university . 
  i think my lectures have about 100 people in , of those 100 i think < 10 are from the uk , probably only 2 people are from other eu countries ? 
  so i do n't think you lose many students to uk universities ( which is crazy to me , because english people are the only eu citizens who have to pay for uk universities ), 
  wow haha you should be a comedian !, 
  i 've heard this before , but it 's irrelevant because that 's not what david cameron was telling us the day before the referendum . 
  the uk gov told the uk citizens that it was a trade union ( regardless of whether it was or was n't ) that is what it was to begin with in the minds of uk citizens , as people realised that it was n't the view of it changed in people 's minds, 
  i thought that remain won the economic argument on all grounds tbh . 
  i personally voted leave because the eu eventually wants political union , but i do not , i think the more local a voting area the better . 
  you 're incredibly bias . 
  i initially started off in remain , but after talking to people at university ( not inbred ukipers in pubs ) and then doing my own research , i eventually voted leave . 
  biggest reason for me . 
  the eu wants political union . 
  the uk does not . 
  i do not . 
  the only way to let the eu get on with their political union , but for us to stay out of it is for us to leave the eu . 
  i want my democracy as representative as possible , so i will always vote for smaller governing areas . 
  i 'm not voting for tories for that exact reason , but i like to know my enemy . 
  people are voting for tory because they feel that the economy and brexit negotiation is safest in the hands of the consrvatives . 
  these people are often in denial that they are destroying the nhs or have their own private healthcare . 
  it is n't irrelevant because yougov do n't ask the entire country , they only ask their audience !, 
  we know that as a country , we voted to leave . 
  but from solely the isolated yougov users , brexit has become more popular as of 1 year ago !, 
  he 's lying ignore him . 
  people want the conservatives , partially because they think they will get us the best brexit deal and partially because they think that they will run the country best while we 're suffering economically eu membership is n't seen as trivial at all , people either hate it or love it . 
   how anything supercedes the importance of brexit is beyond me why ? 
  we have a country to run . 
  i 've read a few comments from you on here now and it 's made me realise that you really have no idea what the brexit vote was about . 
   you know , most of their ( ukip ) other arguments to leave the eu have been proven fake and blatant lies . 
  i 'm not a fan of farage , but have you ever actually listened to leave arguments ? 
  how ? 
  or are you trying to wind him up ? 
   agreement on existing eu \\ uk nationals in each others countries the same rights as they currently have present for the eu  a free trade agreement such as other countries have , such as mexico , south korea , eta . 
  good for both of us , overally effect of trade without tariffs is more beneficial for the eu as the uk would make a profit out of the eu on equal tariffs . 
   easy movement of people ( visa free ) across the uk \\ eu good for both of us  continued intelligence sharing , across the block good for both of us . 
  eu definitely gains more out of it than the uk does since the uk will actually be able to control its borders whilst the eu still can not , and also uk arguably has the best intelligence in europe . 
   continued access to eu science , space and technological innovations . 
  as you do n't need to be a eu member to partake in existing programs , ( nor should boarders hinder progress for the betterment of mankind , be it cern or space exploration or fights against diseases ) good for both of us . 
  uk 's universities are definitely better than the eu 's , so this is again another area where the eu gains more out of it than the uk . 
   why is everybody supposed to give way time and time again to accommodate british demands for exemption that no other member has . 
  because the eu insisted on constantly changing , the uk joined a trade union and ended up leaving a political union . 
  the uk did not want political powers taken away and it did not want political integration with the rest of the eu . 
  the uk vetoed everytime it did n't want the change that was proposed , so the eu offered the uk an exemption each time . 
  so the uk decided to be reasonable each time , accept the exemption , and not veto the change . 
  is n't that why countries were given a veto , to stop changes from happening that that country does not want ? 
  i think that europeans are n't invested enough to realise what the uk truly voted for . 
  merkel keeps talking about the economy in regards to the uk . 
  if the uk voted for a better economy we would have voted to stay , it was the only argument that the remain campaign `` won '' . 
  taking hitler 's advise then post-truth politics, 
  english people are pretty diverse looking since they 're a mixpot of britons , picts , gaels , normans ( little ) and vikings ( little ) . 
  it 's gon na be hard to get a good average when the gene pool 's so mongrel . 
  the polish woman literally looks like a doppel of this polish customer i used to get aha, 
  the source i saw said it was from a few thousand . 
  i get why people would be sceptical , but i get the impression it was made by an artist that had honest intentions ( which would explain eye colour skin colour ect . ), 
  how do you know that ? 
  on the sources i 've seen from it it said it was a few thousand photos for most of the countries, 
  i 'm really curious . 
  does everybody else find their own country to be the most attractive ? 
  i 've read before that people are attracted to familiarity , in many cases faces like their own , but i 'm wondering if it extends to their own `` race '' . 
  i agree but it 's because the island of ireland is already called ireland then theres also northern ireland . 
  so right now its a bit like calling east germany germany ans west germany west germany . 
  it would be cool to this this map with ocean territory coloured in too . 
  it probably would n't have looked as bad for the allies right ? 
  i thought merlin gave him a sword and he killed a dragon with it or something like that ? 
  whats wrong with my map ? 
  we drive on the left cause it 's better to have your dominant hand on the wheel at all times okay !, 
  you should start a petition for this, 
  / u/bezbojnicul can we get a mercia flag for the midlands region of the uk ? 
  bigger population than scotland wales and northern ireland , 
  funny how every guy on reddit have lived in the two countries under discussion . 
  are n't you gon na tell me what is italian in the uks culture ? 
  you 're lying !, 
  you 're either completely blind to culture or you have never lived in the uk and italy . 
  both in the roman empire ? 
  equivalent of saying that ireland was in the british empire with britain . 
  also worth pointing out that the british isles were just tribes at that point and they were even classed as different cultures as far back as that . 
  the dumb tribes people showed the romans farming techniques , art and how to make good roofs for houses . 
  the romans showed the britons money , colonisation and middle eastern religion . 
  since then we have n't had contact other than war , and we 've swapped out everything that they gave us . 
  we occasionally eat pizza but our national dish is chicken tikka massala . 
  we do n't have their architecture or art . 
  they listen to our music and watch our tv . 
  we do n't use their language but they use ours . 
  we do n't go to their universities bu they come to ours . 
  their governments a rehash of ours , their laws are a rehash of ours . 
  do n't know any italian inventions , know plenty of british .
