  if you arent from the eu its hard as fuck to emmigrate to the uk . 
  our laws have to be very strict because we already have too much immigration , and there 's still too much . 
  if you 're not from eu , you have to pay for a visa , have a job in the uk before you get here . 
  if you lose your job you have to immediately pay for a new visa , then you have 10 weeks to get a new job or get out . 
  citizenship is also very hard to get . 
  well since the start of the century the uk has had more terrorist attacks from the irish than islamists . 
  its because its imports from the eu and exports to the eu . 
  thats why uk 's import is so much higher than expected , other eu countries send to the uk who then export it . 
  is this exports within the eu and imports from the eu ? 
  yes obviously , i hate it when people do n't title and label graphs properly , it 's so misleading . 
  what about under 15 ? 
  i think the british isles in general are probably just bad for this . 
  i actually know that my mum drank when she was pregnant with me . 
  she stopped drinking got pregnant , had a miscarriage ( mustve been a twin or an idiot doctor ) so started drinking again , but then found out that she was still pregnant , so stopped again . 
  may or may not explain why i 'm so messed up . 
  but you won something !, 
  i 'm curious about that chunk of scotland thats  62 % . 
  anybody have any insight ? 
  military or young professional area for a guess ? 
  yeah i was gon na say , thats not weird at all haha, 
  i have a friend from england whose lived and worked in ireland for the last few years . 
  when they had the vote on gay marriage he was really really shocked because people protesting against it and putting up anti-gay-rights posters and shit . 
  i think they are n't as forward as they appear to be honest . 
  if netherlands does n't do it first then there 's probably something really bad about doing it . 
  so if not them , i would say a western country that would deem the economic growth worth it or just plain unwise , contenders ; post-brexit-uk ( unwise , like to think we 're lefter than rest of europe , lots of idiot politicians ) spain ( they can probably grow it fairly easily right ? 
  also they might think that it 'd boost their tourism although thats kinda risky in my opinion , so quite a high potential for economic growth compared to other european countries ) . 
  i 'd probably go with 1 ) netherlands , 2 ) spain , 3 ) uk . 
  reason i put spain in front of uk was cause in 2001ish labour moved weed from class b to class c , and then reversed the decision calling it a huge mistake . 
  conservatives keep laughing off petitions to legalise it , and ca n't imagine any other party coming into power other than those two . 
  i thought it was just taken off of us without punishment and legal to be high . 
  only illegal to sell it or have so much of it that they would deem you to be selling it . 
  is this not actually our law ? 
  so for uk it should say decriminalised then ? 
  hmm surely uk it should say decriminalised then, 
  okay i just found [ this ] ( http://ssdp.org/assets/european-cannabis-laws.png ) what does it mean for it to be decriminalised ? 
  in the uk it 's only illegal selling it or having intent to sell it . 
  if you were blazed and went up to the po-po and told them how stoned you were , there 'd be nothing he could do about it . 
  there are people that have called it a miracle drug . 
  notable uses ; arthritis/multiple sclerosis relief , treating glaucoma , can help with stuff like alzheimers/depression/anxiety , controlling epilepsy , something to do with ibs and crohns , slowing cancer growth/stopping it from spreading , some people have claimed that it can cure some cancers . 
  should also point out that americas alibi long ago for getting it made illegal , so that hemp did n't start competing with their paper companies , was that it had correlations with schizophrenia . 
  marijuana use has a correlation with schizophrenia , it probably helps with the symptoms of that too since we finally know for certain that it does n't cause it . 
  you guys get a use going and you can be the new centre of stability, 
  whats your secret poland ? 
  yeah but if the eu does that then the uk would obviously just do it back right ? 
  0 % on one side 20 % on the other just doesnt happen . 
  we do n't even need tariffs these days . 
  dont you think people want less kids because their living standards are low ? 
  or were you agreeing with me ? 
  what about northern england ? 
  are you just going to leave him too ? 
  it 's scary to me that people do n't want to bring life into the world as much anymore, 
  damn i suck haha , thanks, 
  the thing that gets me about the `` racism '' . 
  europeans are white . 
  if they were being racist then they wouldve been asking to kick out our non-eu-immigrants , not leave the eu . 
  i 'm happy you 're happy for us and i 'm happy for you too !, 
  if you guys want to union you should union , 
  come to the uk !, 
  my second cousins a banker in london . 
  our universities ( our talented population ) , history of naval and empire ( adapting our cities and laws for trade ) , our language , and london , are the reasons they do it in london . 
  are you proposing they just cut london out and stick it in france somewhere ? 
  its already all there , everything they want and need is in london . 
  haha, 
  i know you 're not asking seriously but we 're big on aerospace and pharmacy . 
  if our economy halved we 'd still be the 10th richest country , so france and italy would manage to overtake us but the rest of the eu would not . 
  good joke though . 
  yeah but when one side puts up a trade tariff the other side usually does too . 
  when both sides have equal tariffs the country who sells more will lose money . 
  please dont leave us , we love you :(, 
  we need more dragonglass !, 
  well labour and conservatives were both pretty split with brexit . 
  so left and rights pretty split overall i guess . 
  personally i see the laws and sovereignty part of brexit as very left . 
  eu comission - only 1 of thems elected , anti-democratic -  anti-equality -  anti-left . 
  leaving means more power for a smaller area -  more freedom and more democratic -  more left . 
  less laws , less leaders -  anti-establishment -  anarchic -  far-left . 
  laws tailored towards uk -  more democratic -  more left, 
  me too , only 22 but it makes me laugh when people are so stubborn towards adapting . 
  i still consider myself very leftwing with ideologies and opinions . 
  but theres no chance i would vote for the left wing party in the uk , they 're a fuckin mess , you 've got ta be realistic . 
  he 's just selfish i think . 
  marrrrrdyyyyyyy, 
  threat of a united europe is why some brits voted to leave . 
  if you all want that you need to be careful to keep everyone happy or more of you will end up leaving . 
  dont make us the bad guys before we 've done anything wrong, 
  really ? 
  holy shit thats kinda scary . 
  i feel like the titles misleading . 
  is this how brits feel towards other countries or how each country feels about itself ? 
  whats eu-28 ? 
  an average from the eu 28 citizens asked ? 
  we 're pessimistic about everything though, 
  you sure its not this same guy over and over ? 
  i 've realised ive been having 2 separate discussions with him , in both he was being mindbogglingly dumb and nonspecific . 
  you 're saying that if france had an anti-eu party come to power they would n't be able to leave the eu ? 
  why 's that ? 
  ca n't they use article 50 too ? 
  you do n't need to get mardy , chill out . 
  genuinely asking you what area you were talking about ? 
  economy ?
