  i like how the old man managed not to spill his beer , priorities there , its only white people getting into trouble and theres even a gregs in the background . 
  its all the subtle details that make this pictcha so ing ` lish . 
  love it , 10/10 . 
  edit : really want a gregs now . 
  i love scotland, 
  you fool !, 
  a brit can not win in / r/europe, 
  theres nothing extremist about leaving the eu . 
  if scotland would have left the uk , would that have been extremist ? 
  the uk had tribes go to croatia ? 
  whats the comment-pocalypse about ? 
  i couldnt see them on the map !, 
  sneaky little liberals !, 
  come on ireland step up mate . 
  you 're letting mainland europeans beat you . 
  david cameron had sex with a pig , we 're a very accepting nation to unconventional sex, 
  you guys are weird, 
  you guys are acting as bad as them right now . 
  they edited him out for the layout , not cause theyre racist . 
  honestly , do you realise what you 're asking by asking for evidence on that ? 
  if 1000 welsh people moved to england , you wouldnt assume that 1000 welsh people had been slaughtered would you ? 
  there is no historic evidence to suggest that the picts were wiped out , only that they migrated to other parts of scotland . 
  none . 
  the surname shaw ( my surname ) was first found in pictland ( the highlands ) . 
  there was a shaw highland clan who were therefore pictish , and a shaw lowland clan ( who were cousins to the highlanders ) who were therefore scottish ( racially pictish if you wan na get genetic ) . 
  originally people who lived in the highlands were pictish and people who lived in the lowlands were scottish . 
  eventually people stopped deciding to live in the mountains ( cause mountains are fucking shit ) and moved to the lowlands , therefore , no genocide of pictish people , but also no pictish people left . 
  weirdddddddd . 
  and then you ask for evidence that some people from scotland are descended from picts ?? 
  do you also want me to prove that god doesnt exist without just saying hurrrdurrrr ? 
  what are you asking of me ? 
  hurrrdurrr . 
  they werent wiped out , they integrated into scottish society , this guy above was just chatting shit . 
  theres shit loads of people with `` surname that was first found in pictland '' , just google them . 
  those people have some great x16 granddad who happened to be pictish . 
  loads of the scottish clans were descended from picts and some still called themselves picts in those times . 
  yeah of course , we need as many qualified pirates as we can get . 
  i like your sarc . 
  just pointing out that they were n't wiped out in a racial genocide or whatever , they just integrated into the rest of scottish society . 
  theres a shit tonne of pictish surnames and probably most of scotland are descended from them as am i. 
  black americans have white names either because their grx10 granddad was a white man , or because they didnt have a surname , so ended up adopting a white one . 
  people with pictish surnames are descended from a pict . 
  i 'm not saying the uk is the * only * country that does n't fit in with the eu . 
  but the feeling over here is very much that we do not fit in . 
  if you feel the same , maybe you dutchies should split too  we 'll bring back the east india companies together and start selling heroine to china again, 
  i guess they ask people to choose between individualism and collectivism in areas . 
  theres a parliament for the uk , a parliament for northern ireland , a parliament for scotland and a parliament for wales . 
  the only country in the uk that does n't have its own parliament to pass laws that are specific to only its country is england ... 
  i dont believe its a quasi-dictatorship , but it is a fact that the guys who write the laws ( the eu commission ) , 23/24 of them are unelected . 
  the one from the uk was actually elected against two times , so not only was he unelected but he was rejected by the uk twice . 
  these minor insignifanct seeming things are bad for the method of democracy , which is why a lot of people over here are disgusted by it . 
  maybe i explained myself poorly sorry . 
  i meant , rather than be voted against consistantly over and over , it 's smarter for the uk to just go on its own , so it can not be voted against . 
  you get me ? 
  so 2 people want red , 1 person wants blue . 
  instead of all 3 of them being forced to have red , the guy who wants blue just goes on his own and has blue . 
  that way everybody wins . 
  the principle of everyone being different is what formed democracy , its important to the principle of it . 
  if you just assume that everybody wants the same , then people go unrepresented . 
  the eu tried petty hard to allow the uk its exceptions , but at the end of the day , they were too different to agree on enough things and it was either going to lead to the whole of the eu not getting their way , or the uk being unrepresented . 
  my surnames pictish . 
  does that make me part of a wiped out race ? 
  [ the plot of game of thrones pretty much ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/b9/7b/04/b97b04700d842ed0ab18511646b6227a.jpg ), 
  i know nothing about this . 
  anyone wan na explain how they 're different from each other ? 
  almost all of them were brainwashed , it is n't normal to want to kill people . 
  besides ; `` heinrich steinmeyer was 19 when he was captured in france and held in the pow camp at cultybraggan by comrie . 
  '' , he was 19 when he was captured . 
  how old do you think he was when he was converted pro-nazi and how old do you think he was when he joined the army ? 
  i admit , i had very opposite opinions to that when i was 19 but still . 
  also , how can you be so anti-nazi but have the eu flag as your flair ? 
  you 'd think someone who passionately hates people who were part of an authoritarian regime would also love democracy and therefore hate the eu ? 
  what are you accusing me of ? 
  haha i dont understand what you 're saying anymore . 
  i 'm not whitewashing what the nazis did , i think they were cunts and i 'm glad we destroyed nazi germany . 
  i just do n't think it would have been right to stoop to their level and execute the captured soldiers ? 
  what am i saying that is nazi-sympathising ? 
  i get what you 're saying but i stand by what britain did . 
  all my great grandparents and grandparents were british , so fought the nazi 's . 
  i doubt any of my relatives alive today would like to see people who have been captured or have conceded , murdered . 
  so i do n't agree that by standing by britain 's actions i am spitting on the allies graves . 
  i do n't think the nazi soldiers were poor schmucks , i think that the majority of them were probably brainwashed idiots with nothing better than what they were being offered . 
  you ca n't execute someone just because they 're an idiot . 
  where would the german workforce be today if we 'd have killed all of the idiots whose ancestors went on to work in factories ? 
  society needs idiots . 
  we converted the brainwashed idiots into normal functioning members of society or we threw them in prison , that 's much better than murder and i 'm sure my ancestors would agree with me . 
  edit : also , the allies did n't fight to defeat the axis , the allies fought for peace . 
  i 'm most certainly not spitting on their graves . 
  its not in my interest to say this being british , and since you just basically called us good guys because x. 
  but nazis actually invaded some crown colonies where british nationals lived . 
  they were instructed to be well behaved and if they were to break any german or british laws then they would be punished properly after the war . 
  so the nazis who invaded some of these islands followed the british laws , didnt kill or rape anyone or anything like that , and were even paying money at shops for things if they wanted anything ( with an exchange rate that was given to them ) . 
  hitler had plans set up and stuff that were n't known about at the time , if they ever managed a successful invasion of britain then all of the same rules would have applied . 
  so in a way , the british were actually treating the germans the same way that the germans were treating the british . 
  hypocrite , i see that name and that flag . 
  i 'd show the same compassion to a soldier who was forced to go to war by isil yeah . 
  and the other isil members go in our prisons , we would n't execute them . 
  you got a bullshit source to go with that bullshit ? 
  we did n't show compassion to nazi germany or hitler or any of the people who orchestrated the death camps . 
  we showed compassion to brainwashed soldiers and people who were forced to go to war .
