  there was only ever one `` king of wales '' whose reign ended in 1063 . 
  they never really ever had political unity until they became united with england , and wales just does n't really have much in it , not many people not many jobs . 
  welsh nationality is a bit of a weird idea really , it 's essentially just a large baron area of england . 
  seriously though if wales is it 's own country , why is n't the midlands , why is n't cornwall , why is n't the isle of mann ? 
  there is n't much difference . 
  you fuckin copy pictures off my phone when i 'm out the room and i 'll punch you in the jaw, 
  love you, 
  and how much do germany and france export to the uk ? 
  which countries pay positively into the eu budget ? 
  this is such a stupid discussion but we 're still blowing up more of them than they 're blowing up of us . 
  do n't worry about european culture being unsafe if you think that that correlates . 
  tbh the terrorists that have attacked in the uk just seem like british chavs . 
  only thing that does n't seem very uk about their culture is that they believe in god and want to blow themsen up . 
  i think the uk is safe culturally . 
  2nd generation and they 're in the pub eating full english breakfast with the bacon and also a pint , telling their parents they love allah but having sex way underage and worshipping football . 
  nobody wants us :(, 
  i 'll take your word for it , but i still bet there are more people that would be willing to help you right now . 
  you could look at jobs in the uk ? 
  there are a lot of engineering and computer science places in the midlands ( i think there may be a lot of programming in scotland too but i 'm not 100 % on that ) . 
  do n't make the mistake of going to the uk without a job secured like a lot of eu citizens do though or you will end up homeless without a doubt . 
  i do n't hate them haha , only really ( irrationally ) hate the rich , i 'm cool with everyone else , i love scotland and northern ireland but i 'm from the midlands . 
  i believe in local government rather than large governments . 
  i 'd like all of the uk 's regions ( northern england , midlands , southern england , wales , northern ireland , scotland ) to have more autonomy and power to be taken away from westminister . 
  i do n't see any reason why the uk 's laws should be bound to include the eu 's laws , i would also like all immigrants to be treated equally ( regardless if they 're european or not ) . 
  maybe i think differently to other people , i do n't know . 
   the `` friends '' that i had here are her friends so i ca n't stay with any of them . 
  none of them ? 
  are you sure ? 
  do you have cousins or siblings who you could move in with for a while ? 
  edit : i know you must feel very negative right now , but i 'm sure there are people who care about you and would like to help you out right now . 
   all failed eu asylum seekers will now have a second chance of saying in europe by applying in the separate uk system . 
  the uk gov has a sort of loophole built up . 
  they say that anyone is allowed to apply for asylum in the uk , but you can only apply for asylum if you 're actually in the uk , and you ca n't travel to the uk unless you 've already been granted asylum in the uk . 
  i was pissed when i found out about this . 
  i was always proud that the uk granted asylum to all asylum seekers , when that is n't actually the reality at all . 
  that 's because ireland and the uk are exempt from the schengen area . 
  eu citizens are allowed to freely travel to the uk and ireland ( after border checks ) but not non-eu citizens . 
   i think everyone has already been reasonably clear , the uk and ireland included , that no-one wants to put up border posts , i agree , except for the rest of the eu . 
  they 've been pretty clear that they want to punish the uk for leaving . 
  why would we have lower tariffs than them ? 
  if we match the eu 's tariff then we would make a profit out of them tariffing us , which seems to be a pretty good deterrent to stop them from tariffing us in the first place to me . 
  ukish , british , european , midlander , english . 
  i 'm english but i like the irish and scots way more than them dirty southerners . 
  britain is n't a nation , britain is an island . 
  you 're right though , everybody in the uk hates each other . 
  scotland , wales and northern ireland all hate the english . 
  the english hate the scots welsh and irish . 
  the southerners hate the northerners , the northerners hate the southerners , everybody hates the midlanders . 
  the young hate the old , the old hate the young . 
  the poor hate the rich , the rich hate the poor . 
  and now brexiteers hate remainers and remainers hate brexiteers . 
  thanks for the concern man but i 've genuinely been to the doctors i think 4 times about it . 
  went when it first happened , they checked it wasnt cancer , then told me to wait it out . 
  waited it out for 3 or 4 months , wasnt getting any better so i went back , they gave me tablets to take to help it heal . 
  took my course of tablets , went back because it was still the same , they basically eye rolled me and got mad for wasting their time and told me to wait it out . 
  went back a few years later because orange gooey stuff started coming out occasionally , also kept getting really bad stomache pains . 
  they didnt care , told me to quit smoking and sent me home . 
  at the stage now where it only bleeds really infrequently , and the orange gooey stuff is really infrequent . 
  nhs do n't care unless i end up in the back of an ambulance from it and i 'm a student so ca n't exactly get myself private healthcare . 
  there 's nothing i can do about it except urge everyone around me to vote against the tories . 
  this is unfortunately what the nhs is like where i live . 
  i could give you a huge list of shit from just my family . 
  a few months ago a doctor at our gps accidentally killed a patient by prescribing her 10x the normal dose of something . 
  edit : [ found an article about that doctor ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-derbyshire-39296219 ) , after reading that i 'm wondering if he still works there haha , it does n't mention that he lost his job or anything ? 
  no i 've been to see them , they just do n't care . 
  say i 'm a musician and i make an album . 
  what gives you the right to download that for free and have it on your phone or whatever ? 
  whether you 're europoor or not , what gives you that right ? 
  i 'm not actually vdry against stealing , you steal a weeks worth of shopping from tesco idgaf , its their own fault for not spending enough on security as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i do n't care about what happens to that faceless multimillion pound company . 
  but when you 're pirating music you 're stealing from a really small number of people , i listen to a lot of punk and these guys do n't have money , you arent stealing from a rich man or a corperation . 
  it was n't a specific meal , the more i ate the worse i felt . 
  after the first week i was constantly tired and felt ill , had diorreah , was sure it was cause the food was just so fatty and sugary . 
  so i started trying to eat just stuff like toast in the second week , and even that tasted unhealthy , i swear their bread tastes like sugar . 
  so after i got back i eventually stopped having diorreah , and started bleeding with every poo instead . 
  been to the doctors and shit , he 's pretty much just said for it to wait to go away . 
  i think it is going tbh . 
  it was all restaurant food for the first week yeah . 
  we were slim fit naive brits in america , we did n't know how dangerous american food is haha . 
  you make a good point , but if i steal from a big supermarket say tesco , they would n't notice that they have one less mars bar . 
  sounds more that you 're advocating communism tbh haha . 
  i do n't think stealing is that bad a crime tbh , i 'm sympathetic . 
  but we need to protect everybody with laws against stealing . 
  i do n't want to stand up for the conservatives , but pirating * is * stealing . 
  just because you do it ( i do it too ) does n't make it okay . 
  when i was 16 i went on holiday with my family to florida , the food fucked me up . 
  7 years later i still bleed out my arse when i take a shit . 
  ^ this guy reads, 
  i dunno if you 're the guy to ask but how closely related to irish do you need to be to get a citizenship ? 
  we found him on my family tree, 
  fuck that , i want them to have shitty long lives in prison and watch the world around them live happy lives , also better alive so that they have the chance to rat out all of their terrorist mates . 
  `` lack of integration of blacks '' i 've never met a pole that is better integrated than a black over here . 
  i think it 's irrelevant though , we see no colour . 
  you 're just trying to add fuel to the fire by smearing someone else . 
   did it not occur to you that when he says `` reform '' he does n't mean `` more opt-outs and cherry picking '' like cameron did , but `` more integration '' ? 
  no because he 's talking about pleasing the french voters who are not going to be voting for him right ? 
  i thought that le penns supporters were frexiteers, 
  i think the whole principle of doing that is the main problem . 
  people do n't like working long hour weeks in crappy jobs to then be taxed heavily and that money be given to someone living in a completely different country . 
  so the french people are voting le penn because they want more federalisation ?
