  our lessons consisted of talking , having dictionary fights for the entire lesson , trying to pursuade our teacher to let us watch a film with spanish subtitles on . 
  the teacher we had cried quite often , i think she liked us but just couldnt control us at all . 
  i can say ; me llamo sam , hablo ingles no espanol , 1-10 , hola , thats probably about all of it . 
  thanks for this , 
  it probably just seems hard because i 'm english i dunno . 
  i grew up only watching english telly , films and mostly english music . 
  then at school the language subjects were taught crappy and i dropped them as soon as i could to take a subject that i might actually use . 
  i suppose its a bit like when someone is 20 and has never swam before . 
  i 'm dyslexic too so that doesnt help . 
  i was talking about living in the area . 
  i do n't live to work , i do n't know anyone who does . 
  i feel like you 're being so handwavey tbh . 
  i 'm in the demographic you 're talking about ( 23 y/o brit in last year of uni for a high skill profession ) and the only person i 've known who 's moved away went to australia for 2 years to work on a farm and then came back . 
   why ? 
  if you have a good job you can send your children to the american/english private schools ( yes we have them ) yeah they have a bad reputation over here  move inside the eu is not as move from eu to america . 
  the culture is very similar speaking as a young brit who 's been to a lot of countries in europe and also been to the us , i do n't think that the eu is at all similar to the uk . 
  the us is much more similar to the uk than the eu is to the uk . 
  europe feels very very foreign to me , even little things like peoples attitudes and demeanour . 
   the only people that have problems to learn a new language are americans and britishs because they think they 've the best language in the world and they do n't have the right attitude for learn a new language . 
  i ca n't speak for americans , but british do n't learn another language because they are n't made to in school . 
  we do n't think our language is the best just that if you 're offered to choose between a physics gcse or a french gcse you pick physics everytime . 
  and then when you 're in your 20 's with no reason to learn another language , without ever using media that 's in a different language and no confidence you 'd even be able to do it , you just do n't . 
   learn a new language is not hard if you live there for me personally , i 'm really unconfident i 'd be able to do it cause i 'm just bad at stuff like that . 
  not long ago i found out i was dyslexic , so that probably has something to do with it . 
   trust me , you 'll see that a lof of young and talent people from uk will move to europe unless you hate your life i just do n't see any reason to ? 
  if you stay at home you have your friends and family , everyone speaks your language , the uk has a great economy and great welfare system , the highly skilled jobs in the uk pay really well and obviously , you have british culture, 
  i know its not impossible , but it must be hard especially if you have a family . 
  i was gon na give you a really long answer but i 'm just gon na [ link you to this cool video instead . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwpvk72glfy ) britain was just game of thrones for a good 1000 years really . 
   you 'd still have to defeat the saxons and the normans too though !, 
  if we 'd have united as britain earlier then that would 've been easy  it 's them dung darn romans fault for building hadrian 's wall !, 
  i like cultural diversity so i feel like it was a shame . 
  maybe if boudica had beat the romans britain would still be worshipping nature and we 'd have never bothered with the british empire or any of that rubbish . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neonzokzdfc&amp;t=2922s ) i just watched the beginning and when i wrote the comment i was getting mixed up between documentaries , so not all the stuff is in it . 
  the one i 've linked is mainly about roads , language , laws and general culture . 
  it 's very much the theme of , `` britain was good before the romans '' like i said though, 
  i meant the area surrounding the workplace . 
  i doubt you could get a job somewhere if you ca n't even speak the language they use at that place right ? 
  the faz article being the leak at what was supposed to be a private dinner ? 
  she has n't publicly announced to the uk that she wo n't be paying ( which would probably do well for her party and the election to be honest ) , and since the meal was supposed to be private i guess that it is `` negotiating '' right ? 
  also just to point out , one of our guys that was there said that parts of that article were fabrication i do n't understand the ehic card , we still have to pay when we use it and we still have to buy travel insurance with that ? 
  do we jsut need to card to ensure they do n't leave us to die on the street ? 
  maybe i 'm spoilt since nobody has to pay in the uk whether you 're a citizen or not , i honestly do n't understand what the cards meant to be, 
  because we have loads of political parties , usually when someone wins a seat they do n't have  50 % of the vote for that seat . 
  [ this vid eplains it well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i ), 
  yeah i was n't really talking about the actual workplace . 
  if i lived in a german city i would like to be able to do stuff an socialise in my free time , i ca n't imagine going out drinking when the bouncer the barman and all the people in the smoking area might not understand english , even simple stuff like shopping would be really hard . 
  i did french from age 5 to age 7 in school . 
  i did spanish from age 11 to 13 in secondary school and then never did any other language . 
  i know a few colours in french i think ? 
  ~ ~ hello ~ ~ and goodbye , ~ ~ i can count ~ ~ , and that 's all haha . 
  in spanish i know a lot of simple sentences but i actually listen to spanish speaking music in my free time , i do n't think i could hold a basic conversation in spanish . 
  sure it just didnt apply to the uk because of the nhs or something ? 
  i 've never heard about an eu wide one before , my parents always drilled me to make sure to remember to buy health insurance for while i was over there, 
  more than 49.9 % in most cases, 
  it is broken ad fuck though tbf, 
  its like accusing an ice cream man of being a paedophile for selling ice cream to children, 
  i actually watched this documentary not long ago that was trying to argue that the romans did more damage to britain than they helped . 
  ignoring all the people they killed and raped . 
  we lost farming techniques , they created the divide between england and scotland , we already had roads that there was nothing wrong with , we taught them about housing , we lost our religion and we lost most of our culture . 
  [ believing in evolution before the romans , but then swapping that for christianity . 
   instead of out-right refusing to pay anything that has never been said by the uk gov , show me a source if you wan na prove yourself correct . 
  only thing i 've heard is that legally we do not have to , and we will pay for the things we 've agreed to that would still affect us . 
  which is totally reasonable since this whole process is about us leaving . 
  we 're not gon na get reimbursed for all of the long term payments we 've made into the eu so why should we pay for short term things that will not affect us ? 
   reasonable would have been to recognize that citizen rights is n't an issue that can be handled quickly for complicated topics such as health insurance . 
  uk citizens do not get health insurance in the eu as of right now , i 've always had to pay when i 've been abroad . 
  eu citizens get to use the nhs whenever they 're on our soil . 
  we 've been nothing but reasonable about our health service thus far in comparison , so i do n't know why you 'd even bring that up ? 
  in that situation may was trying to be reasonable by addressing eu citizens rights as the first thing , do n't try and twist that with some weird shit about health insurance ? 
  junckers unelected team . 
  ireland is honestly the only country in europe i would consider emigrating to . 
  people do n't seem to realise that it 's not easy for someone in the uk to emigrate to the eu . 
  majority of people in the eu learn english ( so when they move to the uk they can speak to anybody ) , almost everyone in the uk only knows english ( so when they move to europe , they arent gon na be able to speak to the majority of people unless its an english town , or holiday area ) . 
  the only places the majority of the people in the uk feel comfortable emigrating to are ireland and the anglo countries . 
  the uk has a good economy and emigrating is awkward for brits , i do n't think many uk scientists will move but i do think we 're highly likely to continue collaborating on research if the eu allows it . 
   health insurance that works anywhere eh ? 
  whenever i go on holiday to europe i have to pay for health insurance , and when my friend was injured in spain they refused the one he 'd brought ? 
  can someone explain ? 
  i think the only thing that far-left and far-right really have in common with each other is that they both want change . 
  in the uk the far rights wanted brexit because the eu is shit , and the far lefts wanted brexit because the eu is shit . 
  we 've had a housing crisis for years . 
  if a housing crisis in the opposite direction means that i 'll be able to move out of my parents house before i 'm 30 then fuck the rich and fuck the economy . 
  the uk 's economy and the amount of money in the average british citizens pocket are two completely different things . 
  way more than 20 years is n't it ? 
  do n't the chinese hate their government ? 
  more so than caucasian countries ? 
  from the stuff i 've heard about their gov i 'm never quite sure if it 's borderline dictatorship or not ? 
  [ do n't they have religious minorities and drug addicts executed for their organs and shit like that ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_transplantation_in_china ), 
   the guy refuse to admit that eu was great . 
  replace eu with a different country to take a look in the mirror friend . 
  if it were said about the uk or us or russia or china or almost anywhere else , what would you think of that sentence ? 
  honestly i 'd be worried by this picture if i were french . 
  it means that the people who managed to get le penn to # 2 are spread all across the country . 
  if the factors that made them vote that way continue to get worse then in 5 years this map might be completely blue . 
  i saw a video of the may day protest and one of the people said that they were n't voting because they thought that both candidates were just as bad as each other, 
  brexit was n't just about immigration but the immigrants it was about were white non-terrorist ones . 
  no i did n't fuckin say that , do n't try and put words in my mouth please, 
  the eu is not going to create a trade deal that works towards its own benefit is it ?
