  is n't that enough to settle that both sides of the political spectrum were divided ? 
  also geography is very much different to the days when they trade deals and trade tariffs were set up . 
  it 's cheaper and quicker to transport from australia to the uk now than it was in the middle of the 20th century . 
  technology improves exponentially , the further our trade networks the better off we 'll be long term . 
   nobody 's `` wishing '' for the uk 's economy to go down the toilet you do n't think that the eu wishes that ? 
  that 's the impression i 'm very much getting from them . 
  monarchy i guess ? 
  the guy with the most hold over the public , the military and therefore money and spending is the one who becomes the ruler . 
  ^ ( i 'm not pro monarchy , i 'm just sayin . ), 
   why the uk think this is a joke is beyond me i think it 's just the way we are culturally tbh , everything is okay with humour . 
  i went to a funeral the other day and people were cracking jokes  why borris is anywhere near this is beyond me i do n't understand either , i think the tories must be running out of members they deem useful  we know blair turned the uk into america 's little fuck doll but to follow them down the trump hole of retardedness is beyond me the tories are definitely being retarded but i do n't think we 're following the us here . 
  i think that the tories do n't want to pay a set amount of money until they actually know what they 're paying for , the eu wants to decide the price and then what is being brought after which is honestly unreasonable . 
  i think the reality is that the eu does n't want us to have a deal . 
  they 're being unreasonable at every turn , the tories are refusing to follow that and the real aim is to delay until the uk is forced to leave without a deal . 
  i went to a festival that was in a closed off part of a city and they used these there . 
  i think they 're just used in really niche situations . 
  seriously , is that just joke graffiti ? 
  you just go to the same one but use a funnel, 
  i did genetic testing and my x chromosome is from doggerland \\ m / ,, 
  i grew up near [ eyam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eyam ) , which was a village infected by the plague where some of the people there were found to be immune to the disease . 
  went on school trips to there lots of times when i was little . 
  i found an article a while ago where researchers found that descendants of the people from eyam who were immune to the black death were also immune to hiv/aids . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.aboutderbyshire.co.uk/cms/11/sensational-aids-cure-fou.shtml ), 
  our own population would object to it , i 'm 23 and fully english/white and i have a lot of muslim friends . 
  all people my age are the same , we see no colour and as far as i 'm concerned all gods are the same . 
  we live in the 21st century 's multi-cultural britain , not the queen 's 20th century christian britain . 
  i do n't have figures but from what i last saw less than half of our immigrants are from the eu , they 're mostly from commonwealth countries like india , pakistan , nigeria , kenya ect . 
  just googled and i 'm actually embarrassed . 
  i 'll hand in my passport and set sail tomorrow . 
  you think she 'll pass the crown on at 100 ? 
  a fascist regime, 
  he probably just pays in diamonds so that he does n't have to, 
  officially england and wales are atheist now , the majority of people who say they are religious are n't actually . 
  these guys were probably just 2 gay dudes who wanted a religious wedding for the comfort of their old religious relatives . 
  from what was being described , he sounded like the type to be born here tbh . 
  muslamic ray guns tho, 
  do you know what immigrants are entitled to in the uk ? 
  nhs , free housing , jobseekers allowance , all of the shit you take for granted in the eu . 
  what rights do eu immigrants have that are missing from the rights of uk immigrants , and what can be said about the reverse ? 
  you 're literally being given a free house , free healthcare , all the human rights you 'd expect , but then complaining that the government is reading your email to try and counter terrorism . 
  if you really do n't like it then fuck off back home . 
  this whole argument is ridiculous . 
   it 's just that we now have one set ... and you would like to deviate from it . 
  we do n't have one set , the uk does n't even have the same law system as the eu . 
  do you know anything about the uk or is all of this info and opinion just coming from your arsehole ? 
   that would mean to reduce the rights of uk expats in europe ... which is n't the idea ... reduce ? 
  so as a brit , if i were to become an immigrant in the eu , am i to expect free healthcare ? 
  free housing if i can not afford it ? 
  jobseekers allowance whilst i 'm looking for a job ? 
  oh so i guess my rights are reduced compared to a uk immigrant . 
  the guy was right when he claimed that this is a pointless word game . 
  you 're being purposefully ignorant . 
  you clearly do n't like british people . 
  i do n't need to bother guessing why to passively insult you , too easy . 
  they 'll be as `` bad '' as uk citizens though , so it 's fair and reasonable right ? 
  it 's not like we 're talking abouts eu citizens rights in saudi arabia or something . 
  i 'm sure there would be people who would debate that the eu citizens would be `` better off '' in the uk than the eu with the uk having nhs and benefits systems ect for immigrants . 
  brexit was a complicated issue , not everyone who voted for it was an idiot or was voting for it for idiot reasons . 
  shit like trade tariffs for both sides is n't a complicated issue , we 're both better off without them . 
   the uk `` exceptionalism '' shines brightly ... you 're complaining that the uk is being different from the rest of the eu whilst commenting on an article about negotiations about us leaving the eu . 
  what did you think we 'd leave and keep all of your shitty laws ? 
  of course we 're going to do things differently , especially from now on . 
  tm is offering eu citizens the same rights that uk citizens get . 
  if that is n't good enough for eu citizens then tough fucking shit , you are n't special citizens even though we 've been treating you that way for so long . 
  i hope that by the end of brexit you 're treated the same as every other immigrant , which is fairly . 
  you 'll have to actually compete with other immigrants to enter the country unfortunately . 
  have n't you heard `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' . 
  if you 're in britain you get the same rights as a british citizen . 
  expect to be spied on 24/7 by the government and we hope the nhs waiting times are n't too long for you . 
  please do n't come here and end up workless and homeless or we 'll be forced to give you free housing and lots of benefits . 
  honestly confused why people are arguing ? 
  we all know that this is just an example of the eu delaying it until the uk is forced to leave without a deal right ? 
  that 's why the eu is acting so idiotic and unreasonable . 
  it 's completely meaningless , there is n't going to be a deal and there never was . 
  i hate her and would love to take the opportunity to criticise her , but she offered eu citizens the same rights as uk citizens ? 
  you think that that is n't leading by example ? 
  because the uk is a big source of your power ... we can either come to an agreement where we 're both better off , or we can come to an agreement where we 're both worse off , and by the looks of things it is the eu 's decision . 
  it 's time for the eu to choose whether it wants to be an idiot or not . 
  true , especially when the uk is actually in the right here . 
  the uk is offering eu citizens uk citizens rights and the eu is turning that down . 
  `` treat other people how you expect to be treated '' , do they not say that saying outside of the uk ? 
  did they believe it ? 
   deplorable that the allies just ignored the whole thing . 
  pretend that once the nazi 's were defeated , the allies then went after the soviet union , how do you think that would have ended for everybody ? 
  there 's only so much people can humanly do and it looks like we chose to prioritise correctly since the fins are still with us today when you ca n't really say the same about the jews . 
  i 've never heard about this before , did the uk , us or australia respond in any way ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  how do you propose germany invade an unfatigued britain ? 
  would they have done a moses and blitzkrieg 'd britain through the english channel ? 
  ftfy : bribe us and we will abolish a law for you at the expense of the rest of the country, 
  this isnt true at all and just read up on dna studies in europe if you do n't believe me , i do n't wan na carry on arguing it, 
  celtic was a culture . 
  the britons were genetically distinct from the celts on mainland europe . 
  the only thing germanic about the british is the english language which has nothing to do with genetics . 
  would you argue that the japanese are n't genetically/racially different from the chinese ? 
  culture and race are n't the same thing . 
  majority of people in britain especially england are mixed yeah , but i was asking what the guy meant by the term briton ( since briton means the original celtic peoples from most of england and wales ) . 
  genetically british people are distinct from europe , and other parts of europe are genetically distinct from each other too . 
  classification of different race is only chosen by opinions , if the lines were drawn on a smaller scale rather than by skin colour then by public opinion british islands people would be classified as a different race to the rest of europe . 
  and from a purely genetic standpoint , they are yes .
