  it does n't really look like we 'll be trading with you at all with the way theresa mays acting . 
  you 're taking the piss but i voted to remain , i 've got no problem with schengen and like i pointed out it does n't matter whether we 're voting on the laws or not . 
  i 'm pretty easy going if we can get an eu deal , better for both of us is n't it . 
  i find it odd that you say you think the uk fit in the eu . 
  why do you think that ? 
  why do you think we had so many special rules put in place for us ? 
  why do you think that despite all of these luxuries specifically for the uk , the people were still unhappy and still voted to leave ? 
  maybe i was wrong to phrase as `` we 're so different , and you 're so alike '' or whatever i said . 
  the point i was trying to make , and what i meant was ; you guys want the same things as each other , you have same/similar aims to each other and you 're culturally similar enough to not be constantly opposing each other . 
  britain was the most voted against country in the eu parliament , do you think that was because we 're awkward , or do you think that its because we 're too different to fit into the eu functionally ? 
  you dont think our cultures are radically different ? 
  why are so many people on here complaining about it then ? 
  what theyre saying is true , they arent just stereotypes . 
  you cant sling mud saying the english do this , the english do that and then deny that we 're different . 
  i meant we as in the uk with europe, 
  yeah , we need immigrants ^ ^ lul, 
  i think you missed your own point a little . 
  `` looking back to all the history i studied i remembered that larger unified states always do better '' we were never unified . 
  and if i 'm honest , i dont think the british people care about the economy . 
  this should be obvious since we voted to leave and the economic argument was a clear win for remain . 
  i think a lot of british want to see the uk broken down and rebuilt . 
  the aftermath of ww2 and the beginning of the eu helped all you lot rebuild , but all that happened to us was loss . 
  we are n't unified with you and people want change , an opportunity to rebuild . 
  i 'm glad i asked, 
  parred, 
  seriously , you take our newspapers far too seriously . 
  i saw somewhere that only 5 % of our population buys them , and thats most likely the oldest generation . 
  we have a lot of anti-establishment in our culture weirdly , we celebrate that guy fawkes tried to blow up parliament , a lot of people hate the media/newspapers . 
  they 're full of bollocks dont base your impressions off of them . 
  quick point `` the point i raised was that people from the uk tend to be more ignorant of europe than people from other eu countries , and it 's due to the island mentality and superiority complex . '', 
  are you sure it isnt because we dont see them ? 
  theyre all the way over the english channel and we do n't see them or have anything in common with them . 
  there was a study to find the most english town in england . 
  tracking immigration ect . 
  its called ripley and i 've lived there for my whole life . 
  there is n't a `` town that probably never saw a foreigner '' , they do n't exist . 
  im not sure what hes talking about . 
  we invite our blacks and indians in through the commonwealth . 
  i get what you 're saying , but whether you agree with the eu or not is an objective opinion . 
  there isnt a correct answer and in different times and environments by different people you 're going to get different results no matter how intelligent and left wing the people are . 
  people who 're 49 arent really in my lot . 
  i mean , i 'm 22 and my dad was 20 when he had my oldest sibling , so 49 includes his generation . 
  but despite that , if 18-49 year olds voted to remain in the eu , thats a good enough result for me . 
  basically i dont think its harmful to ignore because it isnt clear cut that remaining is better ( in any sense of the word ) . 
  i think that my generation and maybe the one above , are good people with good views/moral . 
  so if a percent of them voted to brexit , i 'm not gon na hold it against them . 
  about your edit . 
  i do n't actually believe that brexit and xenophobia are hand in hand . 
  i cant really back up my claim with any evidence , but you cant back up the opposite either except with rather unfactual anti-brexit newspaper slur . 
  but i live here and i speak to the people , i dont believe there are many xenophobic people . 
  sorry if this is poorly written , im not very good at explaining things some days . 
  hope i got my point across . 
  - deleted - edit : i just realised . 
  the graph doesnt actually show that someone with education was more likely to vote remain , it just shows that in areas where more people with higher education live , the area was more likely to vote remain . 
  thats a pretty huge difference to point out cause in the uk the majority of people with good education move to rich areas where theres good jobs . 
  it artificially brings up the remain vote as well as `` education level '' in the area they moved to , and does the opposite for wherever they moved from . 
  bias media right there , they arent stupid they knew that before they reported the very misleading information . 
  nah i was tryina wind up the guy who doesnt like the uk cause the sun exists even though we all hate the sun . 
  cool you did well man . 
  i 'm currently 22 in last year of uni watching all of my friends struggle haha . 
  my mum and dad were kinda anti-romanian , and i got really mad about it and showed my mum a video of a romanian guy on twitch to prove that you guys are like the rest of us . 
  i think its this idea of romanian gypsies moving over here and dodging tax that they 've picked up from somewhere . 
  got your back bro . 
  i 'm sorry about the others . 
  it 's all the old people , one day they 'll be dead and my lot will be in charge . 
  maybe . . it 's certainly hard to feel part of the family when we 're so different and you guys are so alike . 
  i mean really i think we think of ourselves as a world player with friends all over , certainly not in a team . 
  i mean , when it comes to people from other countries . 
  i certainly see a lot more of the people from the commonwealth and they 're very integrated in . 
  come to think of it i barely even know any eu immigrants , another reason i struggle to believe that the vote was meant to be based off of immigration . 
  how 'd you end up with that amount of money ? 
  by what age ? 
  what do you mean by speculative ? 
  i think it became a lot clearer when people realised the map of leave and remain was a map of poor and rich, 
  australian then, 
  aww thanks buddy haha, 
  haha , `` more ignored areas '' meaning the majority of england and wales . 
  yeah it 's a shame our politicians are so shit . 
  love your username btw, 
  individualistic behaviour is one of the things that i think defines the uk . 
  i would n't have expected germany to be backwards like that . 
  i meant about it being * impossible * for millennials getting on the property ladder . 
  i do n't think the people here think they 're superior , we have a very self deprecating culture and we 've believed in equality for a very long time . 
  i think the rest of what you 've said is correct though , thanks for the insight . 
  i think what you wrote has a lot of truth in it . 
  the peoples personalities are as you said in the first part , which is probably why you got that impression . 
  but the feeling everywhere is sad , and always has been , we only go downhill . 
  the rich are very rich and the poor are very poor . 
  i think people voted the way they did because they wanted change . 
  ( nobody flies the george 's cross anywhere by the way . 
  there 's no national pride . ), 
  the video 's pretty correct btw , the older people fucked us over . 
  youth has no voice , my generations not even expected to be able to move out until we 're in our late 30 's . 
  i do n't think they did much steering . 
  if it helps , i genuinely do n't believe that it was fuelled by immigration or dislike for europeans . 
  i think it was driven by people wanting change . 
  all the guys in tophats voted to stay in the eu , and all the areas that have gotten poorer despite our economy getting better voted to leave . 
  hahaha sorry i did n't ask you man . 
  us young un 's have been let down by the older english and welsh too . 
  i dunno if this is reconciliation for you , but i do genuinely believe that a lot of these people knew what they were getting into and stand by their choice .
