  fakeness is not the name of the game , that is complete and utter bollocks . 
  just so you know , i did n't learn about ww1 or ww2 in history at school , we did mostly about boring local stuff ( industrial revolution started in my county so we did that like 3 times ) . 
  i 'm born in 94 so that was n't that long ago . 
  you 've completely dreamt up this picture you 've painted of britain in your last paragraph , clearly you 're very xenophobic towards us and have been blinded by your own ignorance . 
  what have we done to upset you dear child ? 
  bollocks is uk wide aha . 
  what it 's about is that they 're xenophobic towards us . 
  obviously not all of them but there does seem to be a clear majority . 
  i do n't get it , surely they 'd be happy we 're leaving since the majority of them hate us so much ? 
  it 's weird , it 's like they just want us for london or something . 
  wow me neither , good spot !, 
  ever listened to the band slaves ? 
  the taste of cider just reminds me of throwing up as a 13 year old . 
  i always assumed chicken tikka masala was indian but turns out it actually is british, 
  we see the romans as invaders because there were tribes of people who lived in britain before the romans came . 
  they were the [ brits picts and gaels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celtic_britons ) . 
  anglo-saxons were immigrants who only make up about 5 % of our dna , which is also about the same amount of viking dna we have from the viking integration we had . 
  i see this mistake all over the place . 
  our population is not majority anglo-saxon ( who we also saw as invaders ) , they are predominantly britons , picts and gaels ( ie brits ) , it 's just a stupid word people use to reference us for some reason . 
  good go , but have to ftfy * most speak english , some speak scots , some speak welsh , some speak ulster scots , some speak cornish , some speak gaelic , some speak irish , and sometimes in school a few of us may make the dumb decision to learn a pointless language ( usually french ) . 
  * we drive on the correct side of the road where 90 % of the populations dominant hand constantly has full control of the wheel and you still sit in the seat on the inside of the road . 
  * we 're multilingual with units and actually use both imperial as well as metric , the main reasoning of this was that we did n't want our pints to be smaller because of the crossover . 
  we need to leave the continent man, 
  how come ? 
  germany you 're full of shit , you seem to have so many double standards when it comes to social issues . 
  i dont blame immigrants for shit . 
  i 'm left and pro immigration . 
  and the fact you 're saying that at all makes me think you are n't understanding my suggestion . 
  i 'm not saying that immigrants are making more people in the uk suffer from deprivation , i 'm suggesting that the immigrants are the ones suffering from deprivation and therefore driving the number up . 
  the other guy who commented proved what i said right with some statistics . 
  ~ 5 % of eu citizens suffering from deprivation in the uk and also ~ 5 % of uk citizens suffering from deprivation in the uk . 
  the uk isnt 50 % british 50 % european so clearly the huge influx of eu immigration these past years has driven the number up . 
  you only have to look around you to see them living in shit conditions , i dont know why you 'd find that hard to believe . 
  you do n't think influx of europeans a lot of who live in doss houses because they ca n't afford a home does n't have anything to do with our statistical poverty rising ? 
  it would also be interesting to see this same graph but only for nationals within the countries, 
  yeah to be honest i think the uk 's rise in poverty is hand in hand with the rise of immigration . 
  for their own sakes , people from the eu should really be getting a job before they move here , it 's seriously stupid . . 
  anglosphere and anglo saxon are such stupid terms . 
  the anglo saxons were german immigrants to britain , they barely made 5 % of the population , but now the term is used to refer to populations that are descended from british people . 
  the natives to britain were the brits ( english , cornish and welsh ) , gaels ( pirates who lived between northern ireland and scotland ) , and picts ( scottish ) . 
  anglosphere should be named after those guys and people should stop saying fucking anglo saxon . 
  why do people with the eu flag as their flair insist on bitching about the uk whenever it can . 
  this is an american article not an english one . 
  it has nothing to do with the uk , canada , australia , new zealand or anyone else in the anglosphere except for the usa . 
  dunno if this is of any interest to people , but i 'm from right in the middle of britain on the edge of the red . 
  done my family tree back to the 1800 's and it 's all britain or ireland but mainly the middle of britain where i am now . 
  [ here 's a breakdown of the countries in my dna from 23andme ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9f3vxbc.png ) ,  5 % scandinavian which 's probably viking . 
  i 'm blonde haired blue eyed , but they were both native to britain before the vikings anyway . 
  shafted ? 
  if it were n't for the vikings britain may have never had pubs , we are forever in debt to them and we will never be able to repay them . 
  how dare you speak such filth ? 
  ignore him mate , he 's just upset cause he 's slowly realising the uk 's gon na be alright on it 's own whilst the eu continues to crumble . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  yeah everyone assumes you 're racist cause you live in whiteville ? 
  how the fuck does someone become racist when they grow up knowing no other race ? 
  the logic 's fucking retarded, 
  honestly i did n't realise how poor my area was until i saw this graph haha . 
  i live in the orange/yellow area north between derby and nottingham and still barely know anybody who can afford a house in their 20 's . 
  my older sister 's 35 and she 's still renting . 
  `` try to the old industrial cities and the forgotten place . '', 
  nothing here . 
  we do n't even have any immigrants to attack or be racist to if we wanted to ... 
  i hate it when people assume the poor parts of the uk are backwards . 
  you 're the same as a racist you realise ? 
  what you just did is xenophobia with a different face . 
  i do n't speak elvish what does it say ? 
  i dont really agree with you but i do n't agree that you should be downvoted . 
  a few weeks ago / r/europe heavily downvoted me for a comment , and then heavily downvoted me again for proving myself right with a dictionary definition of what i was downvoted on . 
  the subreddit 's pretty cancerous in my opinion . 
  the attack is that they 're attacking him with the article about him being attacked, 
  i do n't really think he was using his position to push his opinion in the video, 
  i like mr speaker and in the video he put across his opinion as lightly as he possibly could have really , who cares if it 's impartial . 
  i think calling us europeans or associating us with the us is much more annoying, 
  to annoy england and wales you may also ; * call us europeans * associate us with the us i actually think the uk does n't care very much about the falklands, 
  accents are n't becoming more standardised , why do you think that ? 
  where i live we say the r 's ( between derby ( darbee ) and nottingham ( not 'n' m ) ) , i think it 's mainly h 's and t 's that we drop . 
  i 'm glad my part of england beat them southerners for once . 
  yes new york what you sayin ', 
  a'up me duck , y ' clearly ` a 'n' t ` e ` rd mine if y ' fink bri'ish accents ` re n't eny good, 
  depends if you like em chunky or with rotten teeth right ? 
  speak for yourself , my area got new york , 
  uk wins right ? 
  cornwall has cornish , jersey guernsey and isle of mann have their own languages too . 
  i did n't realise we were drawing borders along the language lines though . 
  you 'll have to give 95 % of scotland and wales to england if you 're doing that . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being awkward on purpose . 
  northern ireland for example , only 5.6 % of them speak irish , 2 % of them speak ulster-scots , 99.2 % of them speak english . 
  scotland and wales are like this too . 
  but if you wan na say they 're different cultures you should also be splitting it a lot further than that . 
  western coast welsh are nothing like the rest of wales , the difference between wales and scotland is about the same as the difference between southern england and midland england , liverpool is nothing like the rest of northern england , some cornish view themselves as a separate country to the rest of england . 
  you could go on for ages . 
  we 're a small island with one native culture ( or many of similar depending how you look at it ) and ethnicity . 
  the uk is nothing like the holy roman empire . 
  the fucking cornish hahaha, 
  religous people bringing down the uks score , grim, 
  well someones got to pay for it . . 
  some guy said above somewhere that since scottish get into university for free , it makes it so that the gov has to give it to eu nationals for free too since otherwise it classes as discrimination . 
  but does n't count as discrimination when it 's against it 's own people apparently ahha . 
  i only live a 20 minute drive away from 5th best in the uk for my subject . 
  no offence to the eu but uk universities are much higher rated and more prestigious , also i only speak english which cuts down my options to only ireland really .
