  thats totally fucking different . 
  his uniform is important because it shows how the kindness of the scottish changed him . 
  i 'm on my phone , what did other countries do ? 
  i saw a doc a whike ago about a german prisoner of war in england . 
  the uk just showed them footage of what was happening in the death camps and then started treating them as hotel guests . 
  the germans slowly realised that what they was shown was real and they just converted . 
  the truth always trumps . 
  cmon man , you ca n't put all that blame on us . 
  i know this is ignorant , which is why i 'm asking . 
  why are spain and greece ' unemployment rates so high ? 
  have they always been this bad or is it just the last decade ? 
  also how come i know so many english people that have emigrated to spain for a job if they do n't even have enough jobs for their own people ? 
  because of eu citizenship or poor education in spain or something ? 
  any ukranians here ? 
  what do you think about this ? 
  the nhs doing something right !, 
  i think its west , so around california, 
  south ? 
  :( you think we 're like the french ? 
  tough shit if you 're in the schengen area, 
  was that a joke ? 
  hahaha, 
  i hope you know how guilty we feel that everyone else has to waste their time learning english , that 's the only reason we spend a few years attempting to learn french yknow ? 
  no comprendo , hablo ingles !, 
  with the highly cheeky amount of money the eu 's asking for , i doubt we 're going to remain in the single market . 
  at this point the negotiations are probably more likely to do with eu based research cooperation , shared intelligence cooperation ect ect . 
  it 's not about economy . 
  it 's about individual people and communities . 
  ( i picked remain , i 'm just echoing on behalf ), 
  our politicians were supposedly trying to sort out the issue with europe for a long time , this seems like a pretty obvious solution so my guess would be that the eu rejected the idea . 
  increasingly hostile to jews ? 
  what hahaha ? 
  all the muslims i 've met are nice people and if you remember rightly pakistan - that muslim country - helped us fight the nazi 's in ww2 . 
  well you 're right that it is n't a coincidence . 
  europe was a nutritious enough place for a civilisation to grow that civilisation and technology became advanced much faster than the rest of the world . 
  eventually the white people from europe went around the globe colonising some of the least populated places . 
  fast forward to the 21st century , white countries still hold the majority of wealth and there 's still a huge amount of countries that have n't managed to get their shit together to create a peaceful and prosperous society . 
  it 's not a coincidence but we are n't choosing those countries because we 're racist . 
  we 're choosing them because they speak fluent english ( because they 're our cousins ) and have strong economies . 
  when we 've finally left europe you guys cool with getting the commonwealth rolling again ? 
  i 'm personally a british person who 's okay with the immigration we 're seeing , it did n't affect my judgement with the brexit vote . 
  but the people immigrating from the rest of the world have their visa 's , come over with a job secured or with acceptance to university here or whatever . 
  they also have really shitty treatment when it comes to being kicked out again , for example if they lose their job they have to pay for another visa and then find a new job within 10 weeks i think or they 're forced to leave . 
  100k of these people is very different to 100k unemployed hoping to land a low skilled job . 
  i 'm surprised our opinion of americans is so high !, 
  their accent gives me a headache , what is wrong with everyone ? 
  all the londoners are having their communities broken apart by hubs of different cultures , and then they 're moving up towards my lot and doing the same thing to us - . -, 
  graphics for people who just want to look at the pretty pictures [ map of companies involved ] ( https://wi-images.condecdn.net/image/bkxedo9obvz/crop/810 ) [ recent investment in $ m ] ( https://wi-images.condecdn.net/image/blrjyob37zk/crop/405 ), 
  i 'm 22 and at my school they were pretty weird with the subjects compared to others from what i 've heard . 
  the only compulsary subjects were english language , maths , core science , it , and citizenship . 
  if you were good at english and science then you were also made to do english literature and additional science afterwards . 
  was pretty cool not having to waste time learning a language or learning about religion . 
  not our fault though , definitely the us ' fault, 
  we have to do it with deep multi level meaning sarcasm in our thickest accent, 
  i did spanish from age 11 until 14 at school , got a few awards in it and then i dropped it so that i could do art c : i can barely speak proper english , no point faffing around learning spanish just so that i can understand ska lyrics better also kinda find it funny that out shitty little island has 5 languages on it ( english , scots , welsh , gaelic , cornish , are there more ? 
  ) , but we 're literally the shittest at learning extra ones, 
  i admire your ability to drink and often brag about the irish great grandma that i never met, 
  its the 9m you left out that have red hair mate . 
  we arent europeans , we 're british and irish with a pinch of french and a pinch of scandinavian . 
  feel free to trade with us , be friends with us , come and live here , come and work here . 
  we 'll help you out when your in trouble , we 'll help you in war and with intelligence . 
  but you wont write our laws for us , you wont tell us what to do with our army , you wont unfairly rob our economy or industry and we wont be joining the united states of europe . 
  if you wan na be mates thats cool , but sometimes youve got ta let your mates go off and do their own thing . 
  we arent married , we were only ever friends . 
  and yeah , we literallt have more accents than you have languages . 
  you guys are all the same , slightly different political leanings , different economies , slightly different food and buildings . 
  shit music , old art and you dont know how to get drunk properly . 
  culturally , poltically and ideologically we dont mingle , so we want to keep you at an arms length . 
  is that plain enough ? 
  and shut up about the broad brush jees , ive been to greece and ive been to france , theres more cultural difference between liverpool and london fuckin ell, 
  ive just realised you made a new account especially to argue with me . 
  you didnt have to but im flattered mate . 
  so 55,000,000 hooligans is clearly a reference to the british people . 
  you accept we 're culturally different i see . 
  okay . 
  i see what you did there though !, 
  dont think it was lost on me !, 
  united kingdoms population is 64m , so 55m is a reference to england and wales ' population !, 
  i see what you did , verrryyy cleverrrrr !, 
  fair play if germany dont get their way either , its pretty irrelevant on this topic . 
  and other countries probably dont feel like they fit in it either ? 
  who cares though ? 
  not gon na put ourselves in a shit situation just because other people have put themselves in a shit situation . 
  you europeans clearly have a lovely community going on , but the uk was never in on that . 
  even shit like young people in germany having girlfriends from sweden , we dont even come close to having that kind of relationship with the rest of the eu . 
  we dont feel part of it at all . 
  just being a big player in the team does make the uk fit into the team . 
  the uk had special rules for it because it could not comply to the rules the eu was offering . 
  we werent being quirky . 
  we 're not in the schengen because theres an ocean to cross , europeans are still allowed here freely , just you need to show a passport thats all . 
  we kept the pound , because it was better , and we proved that . 
  you can hardly blame us for that can you ? 
  do we have any other special rules ? 
  we left because all the eu gave us was money , our country does not want to be in what is clearly becoming a political union . 
  we dont want to be part of the political union because we are not integrated into eu society , we arent in the friend circle and we do n't want the same things as each other . 
  i find it so weird that you 're sat there telling me what my country wanted . 
  its so weirdly dellusional of you ? 
  are you so in love with the eu that you ca n't see the truth of why someone would want to leave it ? 
  comparing greece and germanys a pretty simple situation really is n't it , germany always gets its own way in the eu and greece never does . 
  greece is another odd one out in the eu yes .
