  but the truth is that the uk has been acting as a bridge between europe and the `` ex commonwealth '' for a very long time . 
  in times like war the uk has to be the one to staple the two groups together , so has to go along with whatever a lot of the time . 
  yellow : people with money blue : people who do n't have money, 
  i 'm from between derby and nottingham and i 've never ever met anyone stupid enough to think that scone rhymes with gone, 
  fight me, 
  i hate you . 
  it 's a cob, 
  yeah my ( midland english ) mates been living in ireland for the past 2 years and he says that the irish are all sound to him . 
  do we ?!, 
  i could become irish if i wanted to ? 
  i dont think the uk has ever been just england , wales , scotland and northern ireland on it 's own without the commonwealth or eu . 
  what period of time are you referring to ? 
  what would you know you 're from the netherlands !, 
  every good englishman know 's it 's pronounced `` scone '' , we made the language fs . 
  okay maybe i dont know enough about it . 
  how were the irish treated if you dont mind me asking ? 
  i 'm an english midlander so dont know if you 're just talking about london robbing the rest of the uk or not ? 
  maybe i dont know enough about this , everything i did at school about it was from the point of northern ireland wanting to be part of the uk and ireland wanting to have northern ireland for itself . 
  how were the irish treated if you dont mind me asking ? 
  but you do get called into war effectively . 
  when the us declared war on iraq because of 9/11 . 
  if the uk had decided not to invade iraq with the us , then this would have been going against the rules of nato . 
  if we 'd have broken the rules of nato this would have undermined the entire thing , if x country had then declared war on the uk then youd expect other nato members wouldnt have helped the uk . 
  this essentially leaves us in a situation where we have to bring ourselves in when nato calls . 
  northern ireland was a civil war , in my mind that makes it very different to say russia annexing part of ukraine , or the axis attempting to take control of europe . 
  they were part of our country and then when it all kicked off , we gave independance to the parts that wanted independence didnt we ? 
  it was a civil war , hardly fair comparison really . 
  which country did we declare war on ? 
  ourselves ? 
  irelandddd ... join ussss ... 
  i guess people from finland have nothing else to do ? 
  their entire countries just a deep pit of snow right ? 
  most small divisions you can think of in the uk has a different accent . 
  i ca n't move 10 miles ( perhaps an overestimation ) in any direction without the entire accent changing somewhat . 
  different counties have different accent and slang , different cultures and subcultures have a somewhat different accent and different slang . 
  different generations have different accents and slang . 
  people from rich families have different accents and slang to people from poor families . 
  people with no accent do n't exist . 
  if i ca n't hear an accent very well its usually because they 're from near me . 
  damn thats so true hahaa, 
  i get you . 
  but i think the reason people think that over here is because we never really seem to be the ones to start the war . 
  we always seem to get involved because we 're called in or we 're protecting someone . 
  britain owned ireland . 
  irish wanted independance . 
  the parts of ireland that wanted to be independant were given independance , the rest was not . 
  ireland got mad at northern ireland . 
  so really its more like northern ireland betrayed ireland . 
  thought this was gon na be a link to a clip from [ four lions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1jcdrlfo6w ), 
  damn that 's really near me . 
  so who was the guy who shot him ? 
  assuming it was a syrian rebel right ? 
  where was the guy that did it from ? 
  i hope you 're joking but if you are n't your conception of britain is totally wrong . 
  i wonder how long this kinda stuff will go on for . 
  this should be the banner on / r/unitedkingdom , like a to-do list, 
  you know in britain we all hate each other right ? 
  i do n't think so , i think it 's more like ; `` can we have talks for brexit ? '', 
  `` no , not until you trigger article 50 '' `` oh okay , no problem ... ... we 're going to carry on protecting rights for workers in the uk and eu right ? '', 
  '' ... '' `` i know we will , but i need you to say it cause the british public and business ' are getting a bit irate '' '' ... '' `` i think i 'd better leave now '', 
  i do n't really see this one as a talk though , just a clarification right ? 
  cause we all know the answer , she just needed them to say it . 
  but with this particular part of the discussion it is only beneficial for both sides to agree on the same thing , so she was just trying to clarify so that she could sort out other things with other countries and within our own country . 
  this example is not avoiding losing negotiating power , this is purposefully spiting the uk . 
  `` germany and france have outlined plans to deepen european military cooperation , a document showed on monday ( 12 september ) , as britain 's exit from the european union removes one of the biggest obstacles to stronger eu defence in tandem with nato . '', 
  guys you 're making me nervous . 
  one of the really scary thing to think about is that our standard of living has dropped so much that our native population isnt even reproducing enough to replace itsself . 
  if our population wasnt increasing so much our economy would be more to scale with our population , our quality of living would be higher and we 'd be having more children . 
  we 're literally allowing ourselves to be replaced because our culture has made us generous and nice . 
  scary . 
  js now . 
  i voted remain and didnt have a problem with immigration , but i still find this weird and scary . 
  not trying to fear monger , i hope what i wrote isnt true/wont continue to be true . 
  hahaha you joker , the industrial revolution started in england . 
  we had cultural , economic and technological dominance before ww1 and ww2 . 
  after ww2 , the allies and soviets saved the world . 
  the soviets culture didnt spread , but the british and american culture continued to . 
  whats it matter ? 
  why are you so butthurt ? 
  it doesnt matter that nobody knows anything about austria ( except that hitler was born there obviously ) , it doesnt make you any less significant to us or the world < 3 . 
  out of curiosity , how much of france and germany are fit for living in ? 
  the uk is obviously smaller and the majority of scotland is uninhabitable . 
  whats that thing between ireland and france ? 
  try and keep us out of ibiza !, 
  we used to be pirates yknow ? 
  yeah man i have no doubts , i suspect that realistically the whole of the uk probably has a big chunk of pictish descent . 
  so celts was the broad term for western european tribes right ? 
  i think the slightly less broad ones from uk were britons , gaels and picts . 
  i thought they just pillaged other parts of britain and ireland , but also france and spain , did n't realise they used to pillage as far as croatia , that seems like a hefty journey . 
  fact : the picts were n't wiped out . 
  historians do not suggest this . 
  fact : the picts integrated into the rest of scottish society , and renamed themselves accordingly . 
  fact : the picts were fertile . 
  fact : lots of people alive in the uk today have pictish surnames . 
  are you gon na ask for evidence that the picts were fertile now ? 
  whats your fuckin problem ? 
  why are you so fucking stubborn ? 
  man i do n't know how you managed to stay arguing with this guy for so long , what a fucking idiot seriously . 
  what countries that supposed to be ? 
  i dont really get it ?
