  so how are `` brits '' pointing the finger on germany for spying ? 
  shut the fuck up you fuckin xenophobe , i 'm fucking sick of seeing anti-british stuff on this sub . 
  yeah 300k new eu immigrants a year pay into our system therefore * obviously * they 're only making our shittily small houses more affordable and available !, 
  it 's great being born in 94 . 
  i left school in the credit crunch and i 'll be leaving university 3 months into brexit . 
  ca n't wait to move out of my mum and dad 's house !, 
  hahaha, 
  i assumed we were among the smallest , i did n't know we did have the smallest though . 
  it 's fuckin shit being british but there 's an image of us drinking out of porcelain teacups with silver spoons . 
  people thinking we left the eu because we think we 're above them when we actually left because it was fucking us up even more . 
  i 'm 23 but how 'm i supposed to be able to move out of my parents house when there 's 300k eu immigrants moving here every year ? 
  there 's a shortage of houses which are notoriously small and expensive , the eu 's making my deal even shitter , but then people on this sub are angry at the uk for voting to leave . 
  it baffles me . 
  i bet you have big heating bills though right ? 
  shhhhhhhh , we need a witty comeback for when they say we have bad teeth . 
  being serious though , i 'm english , been to florida and i was fuckin overwhelmed by the amount of fatties . 
  also came back with messed up digestives from the food which stayed with me for about 5 or 6 years . 
  my sister , her husband , their daughter and a cat all live in a house about the same size as the picture . 
  my sister 's in her mid 30 's her husbands over 40 i think . 
  i live in a reasonably sized house but compared to an american house it 's tiny and the rooms are tiny . 
  if we built upwards we 'd just end up with more tiny rooms upstairs . 
  i think it 's just cause the country is so old so towns and roads ect were n't planned out and just appeared naturally , this 's then caused shit usage of land which 's caused cramped houses . 
  i 'm not op , but i remember doing about the eu in the uk ( left school in 2010 ) . 
  it was very very factual , just what it is , what it does , how it runs , we did n't get taught positives or negatives or controversies or anything like that . 
  one language or subtitles would be cool , kinda just a video of people speaking elvish and then dragged out graphics for me . 
  i thought all city centres were like that to be honest , i know derby is n't but derby 's a shithole so there is n't many cars about . 
  i think we are accepting of them and it though right ? 
  the guy who was being mean was n't from the uk . 
  the guy who was being mean to them was n't from the uk . 
  people in the uk have no objection to females enjoying their sexuality as far as i know ? 
  we 've always been far in front with womens rights . 
  well where on earth are the `` upper class aristocracy types '' living in the east midlands ? 
  also do you really think the traffics that bad in the east midlands ? 
  i 'm from between derby and nottingham . 
  i mean that is n't how wikipedia says alan turing died , so was confused by how factually you said it . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_turing#death, 
  northern england and the midlands need their own parliaments to help stop london from raping us , help us out scotland yo . 
  if the regions in the uk all compared similarities , southern england and particularly london , would be the odd one out by a huge distance . 
  i 'm from the middle of the midlands and we have more in common with the scottish and northern irish than the southern english ( our neighbours ) . 
  hundreds of years of robbing the rest of the country creates a bit of a cultural divide y' know ? 
  `` between leeds and manchester '' so like huddersfield area ? 
  i have n't even read yet but i see where this is going hahaha . 
  i 'm from between derby and nottingham , so better than that but yeah . 
  do n't call our girls sluts :( a lot of them are nice people :(, 
  yeah , and if i were a millionaire , people would probably still consider me working class . 
  you 're talking about london right ? 
  have you been to other parts of the uk ? 
  i do n't want to be mean to dirty southerners but i think southern england is probably my least favourite region in the uk . 
  romania 's where the romans came from right ? 
  i know you 're joking but it 's because the cold water 's filtered for drinking, 
  stay away from our women frenchy, 
  is this a conspiracy theory ? 
  oooh hoo hoooo , have you listened to slaves before ? 
  [ with you talking about the uk and punk in the same sentence i ca n't help but recommend them . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvje0jvmkgg ), 
  what kind of customers are you dealing with ? 
  if they 're all rich , we hate all the rich british people too so it 's cool . 
  it was 2 litre bottle of strongbow back in those days . 
  any apple cider and also apple juice brings back the memories . 
  i thought the gaels around that time lived between scotland and northern ireland , moving between them when they needed to ? 
  could be wrong though . 
  i 'm not sure how many there were . 
  there were also some britons doing the same thing between england and brittany at that time i think . 
  how would you rank uk , rest of europe and putin in terms of likableness ? 
  i like it , maybe we just have shit tounges ? 
  i love you aleksx000 !, 
  i think her attitude was admirable . 
  romans killed her husband , raped her and her children , killed and raped loads of people in her community , so she stood up against them even though she had no chance . 
  i 'm so ignorant to religion that i had to ask my mum last week whether she was protestant or catholic . 
  the english genuinely do n't give a shit . 
  boudicca - so some roman imperialistic dictators came over , killed her husband , raped her and her children , also raped and killed a lot of people in her community . 
  so she gathers up an army and fucks the romans up in an attempt to get them off of our island . 
  why do you see her as a bad guy in that situation ? 
  also i think you 're a little irrationally judgemental of brexiters . 
  the stupidest people i know voted leave , but also the smartest people i know , there were a lot of reasons to vote either way , do n't try to paint them all with the same brush . 
  my great grandad was an engineer in ww2 for rolls royce who helped make the airplane engines , i like the mention , very specific . 
  he 's being neutral so maybe irish , portugese or swedish ? 
  it 's a bit weird though because the different accents in the uk pronounce worlds different to each other ( obviously ) , so a lot of the time when a word does n't pronounce right in an area in the uk , it does pronounce correctly in another area of the uk . 
  i 'm from the middle of the midlands and pronounce pronunciation as pro-nun-see-ation . 
  i know londoners and the bbc pronounce it weird though yeah . 
  my great-grandad got blown up on a bridge there . 
  do n't forget pastry bro !, 
  i think this is the nicest comment i 've seen in this thread haha . 
  i should n't have left it sorted on recent to start off with . 
  i think people do n't pursue it here for some reason ? 
  i do n't really know why . 
  i 've ended top 100 on eu servers in hearthstone twice , but have no interest in tournaments and would n't know how i 'd do it if i wanted to try ? 
  maybe something to do with london being a wank place to travel to for a hobby that 's supposed to be over the internet . 
  that 's absolutely not true at all , the uk views germany very positively honestly one of the highest out of all the european countries . 
  i 've seen an opinion poll on uk 's attitude towards other countries before but i ca n't find it to link . 
  he 's being completely sarcastic . 
  he had two choices ; * let you know how much of a bigoted cunt you are * be grown up and take a seat back , let his opinion be heard and let everyone else see for themselves how much of a cunt you are he is n't being dishonest or fake , he let you know that he did n't like what you said , but did it in a sensible manner where he does n't get himself into an argument and make himself look like a spack . 
  clearly there 's a huge communication barrier between you and british people . 
  just scroll through this thread . 
  the countries he 's said i would say less so , the french seem like our best buddies recently . 
  `` the british way is always superior , and they 'll tell you why . '', 
  who ? 
  who is saying that ? 
  one guy that annoyed you on / r/europe ? 
  i 'll let you have all of them except the first and last points . 
  for a start , by majority we 're definitely a lot nicer than you , you 're clearly a cunt .
