  i do n't think we have any reason to , they 've never been our rival . 
  i 'm impressed with the 0 % from ireland . 
  shut the fuck up or change your flair man you 're embarrassing me . 
  we 're not russophobe ? 
  what you on about ? 
  i do n't know if you 're joking , but it 's iceland . 
  it 's in europe but not the eu . 
  probably cause they share a border with russia tbh, 
  when people ask for equality , they do n't want it shit for everyone . 
  they want it good for everyone . 
  the eu are going about it totally the wrong way . 
  instead of getting the eu passport recognised worldwide ( which would be good and equal for everyone involved ) , they 're instead imposing visa restrictions on americans which is going to consequent in visa restrictions for western europeans ( which is bad and equal for everyone involved ) . 
  100 % agree . 
  the eu is cutting off it 's nose to spite it 's face , totally unfair on american people and unfair on the western europeans too . 
  any rationale government would 've worked towards getting the eu passport recognised worldwide instead . 
  trump could quite easily pretend to be oblivious to it happening too . 
  a middle finger back at the eu , no change in the way he looks to the public and an economic advantage . 
  yeah , and surely the majority of profit from tourism comes from middle-class and lower-class americans anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure those guys would reconsider if there 's a big price increase . 
  you can still come and spend in the uk in two years !, 
  man i was arguing this on reddit for a lead up article to this . 
  europe is cutting off it 's nose to spite it 's face . 
  they 're purposefully harming americans which they know will likely harm western europe too , and what for ? 
  any rational government would 've instead put their energies towards getting eu passports recognised worldwide , but the eu does n't do stuff rationally . 
  who thinks trump will impose visa restrictions on the rest of europe before this manages to go through ? 
  ahah fair, 
  i should be more blunt with my jokes in / r/europe ` ite guv ' , we shur teach al ' these euro 's how ' a speak propa ' inglis ' !, 
  so you understood my joke then ? 
  i mean the british probably speak more slang and bad english than muricans so it 's not like anyone could 've taken what i said serious . 
  maybe not en espana, 
  i was imagining they were drunk english people tbh . 
  i want to support what you 're saying but i ca n't . 
  we 're better than them we ca n't let ourselves sink to their level . 
  why the fuck is this downvoted ? 
  why would we do that ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  where is the fish ? 
  its sickening , we should teach them all how to speak proper, 
  til germans speak american english, 
  no i understand , but that isnt what this is . 
  this is lowering americans to the level that eastern europeans are who will then lower western europeans to that same level in retaliation . 
  `` we 're all weaker together !, 
  the eu ! '', 
  brilliant !, 
  so lets all get together and break ourselves . 
  yeah sounds great . 
  i 'm surprised a eurpean would take donald trump seriously enough to believe that this would work . 
  how is it fair on either of them ? 
  what have they done to deserve it ? 
  its not fair in the slightest . 
  why would making us citizens have to have visas make the us change their mind about eastern european visas though ? 
  they 'd retaliate and do the opposite if anything . 
  well do you think its fair that some random old woman from the us would now suddenly require a visa because of this ? 
  do you think its fair on some random old lady from france that she would now suddenly require a visa to travel to the us because of this ? 
  this is literally cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  how can you be so selfish ? 
  i mean this is essentially . 
  more freedom for some ( western europeans and americans ) not much for others ( eastern europeans ) , vs , not much freedom for everyone ( western europeans , americans and eastern europeans ) . 
  i do n't really think the latter is what people have in mind when they say they support the ideology of equality . 
  i mean nobody would support burning our own money so that we have the same ammount of money as africans right ? 
  rather than restricting american freedoms which is going to cause a retaliation of restricting western europeans freedoms . 
  the eu should surely be working on more freedoms for eastern europeans . 
  like getting eu citizenship recognised worldwide or just trying to make a deal with the us . 
  `` eu parliament to vote on visa regime for american citizens '' the eu is taking away rights from americans . 
  if the eu actually wanted to stand up for its people , then it would work on getting eu citizenship recognised worldwide , you 'd think that 'd be their job before border control against americans , but no apparently not . 
  why make americans and western europeans lose rights when you could instead just fix the problem that eastern europeans are having ? 
  did the eu even try just asking trump nicely whether the eastern europeans can have it better before this petty immature approach ? 
  sorry i thought it was really obvious . 
  by taking away american rights trump wo n't fold and give eastern europeans more rights , he 'll simply take away the rights of western europeans . 
  i 'm not worried since i 'm safeguarded by the uk leaving the eu , i 'm just pointing out how stupid this is . 
  if the eu actually wanted to make change then instead of being petty . 
  they would either approach the us and ask nicely , or work on making eu citizenship recognised worldwide . 
  so what do you gain ? 
  by taking away americans rights you 'll end up making western europe lose rights rather than gaining rights for eastern europeans . 
  its obviously a moronic battle to pick . 
  i thought it 'd gone down though ? 
  so you think imposing visas against donald trump 's citizens will go without retaliation from him ? 
  yeah i agree , but you 're pitching it against donald trump . . 
  despite brexit there does n't actually seem to be much support for scotland leaving the uk from what i 've seen . 
  my mps the guy who was caught playing candy crush . 
  dont think there 's much point . 
  hahahah , pick your battles wisely eu, 
  i think democracy is somewhat static , yeah thats a reasonable observation . 
  the british people want x so they elect people who say they 're going to do x. 
  the eu makes its own laws and stuff that take hierarchy over british laws , so if eu wants y but britain wants x then britain gets y. i made the statement because overall i think the uk 's aims , objectives , beliefs , values and goals have always been pretty different to the eu 's . 
  but then when the eu chooses something , that then overrules what the uk wants . 
  i think the most important one is that the uks values are not the same enough for me to consider the eu and uk compatible . 
  i think the smaller an area the democracy governs the more people get what they want and the more effective the democracy is . 
  if the people in an area are too different then they should be divided into separate democracies for those democracies to be more successful . 
  this is why i think its better for both the eu and uk if the uk leaves , the uk doesnt have to obide eu wants and the eu doesnt have to comprimise for uk wants . 
  are you 12 ? 
  i like your username, 
  well you have an eu flag flair , germany is in the eu , germany once elected nazi 's , nazi 's were cunts , therefore you are a cunt . 
  it does n't work like that does it !, 
  why do you think that ? 
  i do n't like him , but the news is good at removing all context . 
  british call each other names all the time , it 's just banter yeah . 
  i think the uk and eu are incompatible , i think that that was always the biggest problem and the real reason brexit happened . 
  who says that ? 
  it 's the fucking washington post who reported it .
