  the house of lords are unelected and the king was probably an asshole right ? 
  * boudicca - when the romans invaded britain she was queen of one of the tribes there ( called iceni i think ) . 
  they killed her husband ( the king of the tribe ) , raped her and her daughters , killed a lot of people in her tribe and burned down a lot of their settlement . 
  so she raised a big ass army from neighbouring tribes and started chasing the romans around modern day england and wales slaughtering them . 
  she eventually lost but it was a pretty ballsy attempt especially from tribespeople . 
  shoutout to the badass picts in modern day scotland who were never succesfully conquered by the romans . 
  * winston churchil - the prime minister who fought against the nazis which is what he 's rembered for . 
  he was actually an asshole but he 's used as a symbol to remember standing up against a dictator who was comitting genocide against the jews . 
  all of these people are used as symbols because of that one thing they did which is easy when history is so blurry , but gets harder the more historical information you take into account . 
  i 'd guess it 's that way for the other countries `` historical heroes '' too though . 
  it is fucking weird what a difference being old enough to remember 9/11 and not being old enough to remember 9/11 did to me and my sister . 
  her opinions genuinely disturb me and when i was her age i used to dabble with the ideas of anarchist government . 
  generation z ? 
  you mean the generation that did n't play outside , grew up with iphones , do n't know how to socialise with other humans other than on social media , do n't even drink or do drugs , grew up with post 9/11 propaghanda and the newspapers constantly talking about people on benefits . 
  you think they are n't self entitled ? 
  i 'm born 1994 , very left wing . 
  my sister was born in 2001 ( notably the year 9/11 happened ) , her opinions disturb me tbh so i 'm not surprised by this . 
  i 'm born in 1994 , we 're definitely 100 % a left wing generation . 
  i voted to leave but am still definitely left wing and the other people i know that voted the leave are also left wing . 
  both labour and conservative were divided on brexit , current leaders in both parties were also split . 
  i think my generation was actually misguided with brexit though tbh . 
  because of social media , most treated the vote as `` are you racist ? 
  yes ( leave ) , no ( remain ) '', 
  havent catelonia already voted for independance multiple times ? 
  side question , i 'm assuming they 'll no longer be part of the eu if they leave spain ? 
  but we do n't understand their languages . 
  sharing has to go both ways really . 
  i 'm hardly ever going to watch french telly because i ca n't understand it , but i will watch american , australian and canadian telly . 
  yeah well in the uk we didnt see improvements , your country was getting better because ours was slowly getting worse . 
  we were n't both growing , the eu was moving the money . 
  no blame on you or your country . 
  our improvements that we have had ( we 've only gotten worse in my lifetime really ) have been from the uk government taking action , not from the eu . 
  i literally know of nothing in my area tbat has been improved by being in the eu that i can physically see like you said , i only know of factories being shut down because of european competition and the uk not being allowed to protect them . 
  the uk came to exist because the people and laws in england , wales , northern ireland and scotland naturally became the same and very similar . 
  the people in england and scotland had been treated as the same peoples for hundreds of years before a piece of paper was signed to make them one country . 
  yeah i agree with everything you said about trade , just specifically not being in the eea . 
  i believe we will have a good deal but i do n't believe the uk gov will give up any democratic control for a trade deal , and i dont believe the eu will shift its stance on requirements to be in the eea . 
  because it is n't a factual or physical thing that can happen , and it 's also odd to artificially try to produce something like that rather than let it happen naturally , so what actually causes the thing to be real and proceed ? 
  the bit of paper ? 
  that 's why it does n't read serious to me , it sounds like the slogan for a product . 
  how often do you actually believe that you just brought the best razor with the smoothest shave ? 
  yeah its the uk govs fault i totally agree , i do n't know why we j\u00f2ined . 
  i personally prefer local governments , i dont think the uk needs less democratic control by giving powers to europe , i think the regions in the uk need to be given more of that power . 
  yeah it would have been good to be in the free trade area but its was too late for that now aha . 
  maybeee this stuff would have been okay if the uk citizens were actually told that the eu wanted further political integration ? 
  we had david cameron lieing about it right up until we had the referrendum . 
  people go on about leave lieing but the only lies that actually fooled me were from remain . 
  do you believe nigel farage , saying the most proposterous shit of the day , that europe wants to make us a state of a european federation or do you believe david cameron who then says that that is n't true . 
  my entire life mainstream politicians have said that that was n't true and i believed them becauae the opposite sounds ridiculous , nobody in europe would fucking tell me that they were lieingg , and also i was quite young . 
  when you know that noooobody in the country wants to be in a united states of europe , can you blame us for leaving ? 
  why do people take the piss out of the sovereignty arguement from leave ? 
  that was the most well justified truthful arguement of the entire debate . 
  why were we even talking about immigration and the economy ? 
  read some polls man . 
  scotland aint goin nowhere . 
  united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , is when it 's england , wales , scotland and northern ireland . 
  you slash the `` and northern ireland '' off if northern ireland leaves . 
  britain is that big island that most of england scotland and wales are on , so if scotland left the country is just called the kingdom of england and wales . 
  fair enough it does n't sound to be taken seriously though i 've got ta say . 
  the people in the uk were constantly told this was n't the case , right up until we voted to leave , david cameron was saying that there wouldnt be further political integration . 
  his lie was probably stopping leave from winning by a landslide , i believed him over nigel farage . 
  if you know that nobody in the uk wants to have the country merged , can you actually blame us for leaving ? 
  i think that 's true but that 's not what uk citizens were told , and it definitely was n't approved by them aha, 
  i think you 're right but that was n't what citizens in the uk were told haha . 
  we had people like david cameron lieing to our faces about it all the way up until the moment we voted to leave . 
  so you actually think being in free trade with europe is better than trading with any country ya want ? 
  do you actually think we 're goinf to go into poverty ? 
  you realise that the credit crunch was literally worse on us than whats happening right now ? 
  you realise the pound went up against the euro and dollar when article 50 was triggered ? 
  if you wan na cut off your nose to spite your face be my guest , if we both go down the eu will collapse before the uk does, 
  full of shit hahaha , you do n't visit here every few years , you 've never been here . 
  we do n't think we 're superior , nobody gives a shit about the empire , took me a good 19 years of life to learn about it probably ? 
  you 're very imaginitive though i 'll give you that . 
  not the guy you asked but when the uk first had a referendum on it , it was trade union with trade agreements with regulation agreements . 
  now its a political union with a flag , national anthem , soon getting an army , it 's the highest authority of law for the countries within it , it redistributes money between countries , puts sanctions on other countries ( russia ) , and writes laws that have nothing to do with trade for the countries within it . 
  ca n't reaaaally say that it has n't changed . 
  we need ice, 
  doesnt france give immunity to politicians anyway ? 
  we 're more left wing than the us and germany all time time , more left wing than france and australia a lot of the time , more left wing than south america , africa , russia and asia all the time . 
  on the left wing scale we 're almost always fighting in the top 10 , healthcare , public transport , education , benefits , immigration , views . 
  leaving the eu is neither right nor left and that 's the only reason this perception has came about . 
  tell me something right wing about the uk , find a source ranking countries for comparison . 
  if i actually agree that that 's left wing and we 're not in top 10 , i 'll eat a coffee flavoured revel . 
  off the top of my head the only one i can think of where we 're probably not up there is distribution of wealth , but that 's a tricky one really . 
  because whenever you privatise something the privatisation fairy puts # 10k under your pillow for each person you fucked over whilst you 're asleep . 
  yeaaah thats how ive always imagined oxford and cambridge to be like haha . 
  i had enough ucas points to apply to them both in my subject but my uni is a 20 minutes drive from my house and was higher ranked on the university tables for the subject anyway haha . 
  i had a girl in my class who got accepted into cambridge for chemistry but turned them down because she expected it to be full of snobs . 
  where are you planning on settling down if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  being familiar with canada uk and germany seems like a good set of options . 
  yeah the uk actually went quite a lot backwards over the past 10 years for stuff like benefits and subsidies , and i think public transport varies a lot depending on where you are in the country . 
  i think theres a lot of unavoidable problems for different countries , uk 's probably always gon na be overpopulated which causes prices to get too high and benefits to be spread thin , canada 's always gon na be mountainous , large and snowy which i 'd imagine is a big problem for public transport aha . 
  ohhhh if your perception of the uk is only based off of the media you should actually come visit !, 
  you 'd feel a hella lot more `` inferior '' if your perception was just based off of the media and was a good one beforehand . 
  believe media bullshit if you want but i want to confirm that people voting for brexit certainly was n't because we thought we were better , it was that people thought we were becoming worse , which is the total fucking opposite . 
  that 's the same narrative the majority of the media had too so i really do n't know what you 're onabout , remains arguement was `` it 's not that bad '' not that it was good and that we 'd be better off with it . 
  end of the day i really do n't believe the eu and uk were compatable , end of the debate in my eyes . 
  how could you guys go ahead and make a european federation if the uk were still in the eu ? 
  it would never happen , it would be forever vetoed until we eventually left or the eu forced the uk to leave or the eu forcefully took the uk . 
  we had to leave eventually so how could it be considered a stupid decision ?
