   did you hear about how the continent used to look before we were like this ? 
  only from the old people who also voted to leave and from what i 've read . 
  that 's the first time i 've heard that picture painted , was this also the case for the uk ? 
   but in fact the uk did not invest that much on itself or did it ? 
  yes it did . 
  the remain campaign printed some very comprehensive leaflets ( which were overexagerated to the point of lieing ) , but in those numbers the uk was still putting very large amounts into the pot and only getting a fraction back . 
  and those were the exagerated numbers taking every penny into account and trying to make it look as small as possible . 
   yes , because british democracy , with the first past the post system . 
  that 's the next thing i want gone do n't worry . 
   i also believe that england should have its own devolved power , and the uk should operate by a cooperation between the different constituent parts of the kingdom and not by domination of english voters ( a huge majority ) over everyone else . 
  agreed . 
  would like northern , midland and southern england to all have their own parliaments . 
  i 'm pissed at northern england for voting against having their own as it would have probably lead to the midlands having our own too . 
   do you know how the voting system works ? 
  even at a rudimentary level ? 
  i do and i know the eu doesnt like voting very much . 
  i was talking about uk 's mep 's voting on passing regulations , that 's right yeah ? 
  throwaway statistic really , i do n't care about trading regulations . 
   no solutions , just brexit . 
  yeah , to be fair we didnt know cameron had no plan , and he kept telling us he would remain pm despite the result . 
  i want the conservatives gone too so . 
   you clearly do n't want to be in the eu i actually started off strongly remain because i thought eu immigrants were good and i was just being naive in thinking that that was what the vote was about . 
  i listened to both sides of the arguement and then went off and did my own research . 
  i only really decided to leave when i realised it was a lie that we were n't politically integrating with europe . 
  if i had it my way we would just accept freedom of europe ( even though i dont like that it indirectly causes us to be bias against non-europeans , and be very harsh with our immigration policies ) , try to get a nice trade deal , continue with research and stuff like that , but actually have full control over our own laws . 
  yes my relative not me , also your relatives not you , which is why i did n't know the comment would offend you so much . 
  was just pointing out why the uk was the sick man of europe . 
  i think intelligence is probably mostly genetic , so pretty much decided on birth yeah . 
  i view being unintelligent as those kids that simply didnt have the capacity to learn algebra in school no matter how hard they tried ( assuming they didnt have brain damage or a learning disability that they didnt know about , or some other reasonable excuse ) . 
  being very intelligent is the opposite . 
  i dont see knowing a lot of facts as being intelligent , i see that as being knowledgable ( like remembering however you 're meant to spell knowledgable ) . 
  i was gon na drop the ww2 thing cause it was a dickish comment from me . 
  but my only relative that died in ww2 died trying to protect france . 
  we were pretty safe on our little island with our navy and spitfires defending it , we certainly couldnt get blitzkrieged , pretty sure the uk didnt have to try and defend the rest of western europe . 
   so britain became worse when poland became better since 2004 only then ? 
  what are you implying ? 
  nothing . 
  i 'm young . 
  in 2004 i would 've been 10 , was hardly noticing eu influence before 2004 . 
  fair enough with the funds . 
  like i pointed out though , it 's very irrelevant since we 're effectively paying for it ourselves anyway . 
  i still do n't actually know where that money goes though . 
   but i do care that scotland has a say about its future , same for wales and northern ireland . 
  we 're having an early election soon so they 'll get to decide based off of the new manifestos . 
  why include wales but not england ? 
  wales voted to leave too . 
  england and its regions do n't have their own parliament and northern england is the most shat on region . 
   furthermore the uk will lose all its say and veto power in eu policy . 
  thats fine , we were the most voted against country anyway . 
  no change basically . 
   and you are entirely putting the economy of northern ireland at risk as it heavily resorts to its fully open border with the republic of ireland yeahh , i feel bad for northern ireland . 
  i have relatives and friends there , hopefully we can sort that problem out with republic of ireland . 
  but if not , i wouldnt really blame northern ireland for leaving . 
  it 's going to be really shitty on the border if free movement is stopped . 
  i know people who cross the border every day . 
  whats with the bitter response at the end haha ? 
  what did i say wrong with that ? 
  its good for everyone to be able to choose isnt it ? 
  yeah spelling is really important when you 're doing electronics . 
  lucky my lecturers did n't see that one eh, 
  i 'm not argueing with people who are saying `` feeling rich correlates with intelligence '' . 
  i 'm argueing with people who are saying that literal wealth that you own correlates with intelligence, 
   ** the ability to ** acquire and apply knowledge and skills it is the ability to . 
  not actually going and doing it . 
  if you took the same guy from two different dimensions . 
  in one dimension he makes a cup of tea , in the other her doesnt bother . 
  the guy who made the cup of tea isnt more intelligent , the other guy knew how to make a cup of tea and couldve if he wanted to . 
  even if he didnt know how to make a cup of tea , that would only make him less knowledgable in the art of tea making , he still has the ability to learn how to make a cup of tea . 
  knowledge = / = intelligence, 
  it 's probably usually a stupid decision but it does n't make you stupid . 
  it 's besides the point , i could 've written anything life changing that young . 
  there were two girls in the year below me at school that became orphans at that age . 
  could have a mental breakdown , your country could suddenly go to war , you might get too deep into drugs , you might just choose the complete wrong route with your education ? 
  point is , if something bad happens at that age , it 's going to set you back really really far if you 're poor , if you 're rich you can literally just buy your way out of it most of the time . 
   on average , at least in my country , people going to some university come from middle-upper classes rather than lower income classes it 's like poor people ca n't afford to go to university or something  now , access to higher education makes people better informed i honestly do n't know what you mean here ? 
  better informed on what ? 
  i 'm doing eee so i 'm probably better informed on transistors than most people yeah , it 's only relevant in a really tiny area of the job market though , it does n't make me smarter just more knowledgeable . 
   and for the most part better at logic tasks i would n't call the majority of degrees logical , but okay . 
   while this does not mean that poor people can not be smarter , more logical or more educated than the rich , this influences the average education quite significantly . 
  so you 're just trying to say that rich people have more education than poor people ? ... 
  that is n't what intelligence is . 
   `` i am poor because of my socioeconomic status , not because what i have in my head '' - no why not ? 
  what if you do n't want to be rich / ca n't be bothered to become rich / your life gets in the way of being rich . 
  what if you get pregnant at 16 , or you do n't have the support/work ethic to be able to go to university ? 
  what if you get your dream job but it does n't pay a lot of money ? 
  are those people dumb ? 
   `` you are richer than me because your parents are richer '' - yes and they are rich for a reason , while yours are poor for a reason . 
  yeah because your grandparents were rich too , whilst mine were poor too . . 
  just fighting dumb with dumb man, 
   your entire post is a brilliant case of what circumstantial evidence is and how not to formulate arguments . 
  show me some numbers that poor people are less intelligent then . 
   suggest consulting any poll on the average common knowledge , education and intelligence within societies to see if people who can afford to spend time pursuing intellectual endeavours did you know that [ intelligent people are more likely to do drugs ? 
  ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundamentalist/201010/why-intelligent-people-use-more-drugs ) you know drugs make you poor right ? 
  i 'm not trying to be boastful , was just getting angry . 
  like , i have friends and relatives who are poor , but they 're happy being poor . 
  it has nothing to do with their intelligence , it pisses me off that these people being elitist are calling my friends and family dumb when they are n't . 
  you just made me remember this girl in my class at school whos dad owned a golf course . 
  thought africa was a country aha . 
  oh and there 's donald trump , clearly a genius , why else would he be a billionaire right ? 
  no i 'm saying that you 're from bulgaria , so huge likelihood that the majority of people i know are richer than you , so from what you just said they 're all more intelligent than you too right ?
