  the eu knows that the uk is serious about controlling eu immigration , so to destroy its economy by rejecting is an absolutely stupid for the eu to do , and for what ? 
  why ? 
  they 're essentially offering the choice between `` no gain for the eu & spite the uk '' or `` spite the eu & spite the uk '' when the uk is asking for something that is mutually beeficial for both sides . 
  you should be taking it as a compliment rather than being wound up by it . 
  we 're assuming you 're not stupid and that you * are * bluffing us . 
  phew , that should make it a lot faster . 
  all the immigrants who i know personally are either university students , work in factories , or work in fast food places . 
  i 'm not actually anti-immigration at all , it 's never been a problem with me . 
  but what you 're saying is n't reflective of the reality of immigration to the uk , i think the people you 're talking about are a significant minority . 
  also kinda curious as to how you can be so pro-eu when by what you 're saying it sounds like the eu 's shitty running of the show is fucking your country up . 
  if italy had its skilled workers back , you could set up business in your own country and improve everything no ? 
  i thought you guys viewed yourselves as one ? 
  whats wrong with giving your other members free goodies if you can afford to ? 
  more importantly , what are we going to be using these sentient ai for ? 
  are they going to be doing jobs where it is sensible to just suddenly turn them off ? 
  what about if the jobs we have them doing initially are dangerous jobs where you would not like human error to ever occur ( surgeon , ambulance driver , pilot ) , should these ( in my opinion ) more likely roles for ai , also have a killswitch ? 
  how can we make these preparations when we have no idea what the future will hold ? 
  [ i do n't think he 's being a spoiled brat , he 's probably just bitter from past events ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-35235502 ), 
  yeah , i think it would be naive to call any country friends with the us though . 
  the us is only out for the us 's best interest , it 's been that way since the country was formed . 
  i mean they did n't even choose a side or help in ww2 until they 'd been bombed by japan , they were just sat in a corner making a profit off of the misery . 
  the londoner 's are the only ones with a ukip seat ( in kent ) , which is probably the only party in the uk that would actually class as right wing if it were outside of the uk . 
  and the conservatives are more left wing than some left wing parties from other parts of europe , we 've almost started acknowledging this , calling them centre right despite them historically being our right wing party . 
  i dont wan na argue , but to put it lightly , i think you may be completely ignorant of the uk 's culture , government and laws if you think this . 
  your own government fairly recently annex 'd part of ukraine ... 
  the worst thing the conservatives have done since theyve been in is privatising a failing hospital , which got an absolute shit tonne of backlash from the public . 
  but the uk 's more right wing than russia right ? 
  fair enough if you are n't being represented i guess . 
  1 ) uk , do n't care personally . 
  2 ) i know everyone says that the uk has the worst food , but i genuinely really like it . 
  fish and chips and sausage rolls < 3 . 
  our national dish is chicken tika masala , i thought that it was indian food until recently funny enough . 
  3 ) trainspotting, 
  1 ) really simply . 
  because we 're all different and we all want different things . 
  weird . 
  i was under the impression the uk had the second largest economy in the eu . 
  wouldnt an unrestricted economy be left wing ? 
  freedom ect . 
  are you joking ? 
  our right wing party is still more left wing than the majority of countries in europe , where on earth you getting that idea from ? 
  we 're so left wing that we 've accidentally managed to breed a subculture of slobs who live their lives off of benefits from the government . 
  [ new-ish buildings in london ] ( https://www.city.ac.uk/__data/assets/image/0009/328797/building-partnerships.jpg ), 
  pshhh they can be a superpower without us, 
  1 ) i live in the midlands and my area 's being flooded with londoners ( yuck ) who 're moving because their communities in london do n't exist anymore . 
  so the londoners are kinda doing what 's happened to them to us ? 
  it 's a bit weird really . 
  from what i 've heard , basically people are saying that the numbers of people is too large . 
  so rather than integrate into the communities , the people just set up their own communities , which thus fractures the community that was originally there . 
  then domino effects have been happening , 1 person leaves , a family leaves , the families friend leaves , the families friends family leaves , 2 new immigrant families settle in the empty houses and carry on the snowball . 
  2 ) i think chinese people are very nice , but i see this slightly negatively as the chinese government are awful to their people . 
  the more powerful their country gets , the more powerful their government gets , the less likely they will ever be treated any better . 
  i do n't really care what russia do to be honest haha . 
  do n't know what else to say about it . 
  the us is a fucked up country , i feel sorry for the people who live there . 
  i doubt it can get in any of a worse state than it already is though . 
  it 's sad that such an irresponsible destructive country has so much power and i 'm just glad that we 're not on their bad side . 
  3 ) cause they can get a better trade deal with the uk   , 
  if you call someone from the uk european they will most likely squirm . 
  and they copy us, 
  why do you want the uk to split ? 
  yes, 
  hi from uk  2 ) i think you 're european if you 're raised on mainland europe . 
  3 ) there 's lots of indians in the uk , you all seem normal and friendly to me  . 
  the only thing i find odd is that you all seem to hate pakistanis so much . 
  4 ) i do n't know much about india 's politics . 
  the only indians i 've spoken to either have n't lived there for years . 
  or are the `` rich kid trapped in a bubble '' kind of person , so pretty detached from that kind of stuff . 
  5 ) i 'm really stereotypical and love chicken tikka masala haha , it 's overtaken fish and chips and became our national dish . 
  who 's team am i on here ? 
  i think uk culture influenced/created huge parts of american culture , so their influence is kinda our 's too ( english language being a really obvious example ) . 
  our culture is probably closer to the us 's than say france 's , but at the same time i 'd say france 's culture is closer to the uk 's than say spain 's . 
  i do n't really think that `` european '' culture is a thing , all the countries in europe very much have different cultures to one another . 
  are you asking what europeans have in common with each other ? 
  if you are i ca n't really answer because the uk is kinda an isolated outsider in europe . 
  we have similar-ish histories , and eat similar-ish food , and have similar-ish buildings , and the french copy us loaaaaads , and we 're just basically better than the rest of europe in every way really . 
  i do n't like football but i live on the derby nottingham border , so between derby county and nottingham forest . 
  saw loads of riot vans earlier today because there were loads of football hooligans out . 
  hi from uk  1 ) the swiss seem quiet , honestly know very little about them compared to the rest of western europe . 
  i do n't think the uk sees them as influential no . 
  2 ) greggs sausage rolls are probably one of the greatest ever british inventions , so gon na have to be bias here and say britain  4 ) the british empire did some good things ( big hand in ending slavery , installing democracy everywhere ) but we 're all really ashamed of it because of all the bad stuff we did at the same time . 
  we 're very proud of the commonwealth and all of the commonwealth countries though . 
  the further down the road we go , the more it looks to me like we 're going to be the ones doing the fucking . 
  who 's economy ? 
  thanks buddy !, 
  can we keep chicken tikka masala too ? 
  when we were underage we used to steal alcohol from lidl cause it was easier than trying to get someone old enough to buy some for us, 
  or wales , i think your theories flawed . 
  why does it always rain here :(, 
  but some of these have already been checked off on the [ uks to-do-list ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02388/britain_2388153b.jpg ), 
  we bailed you out because we love you < 3, 
  dude you read it wrong . 
  58 % support renationalising the railways , water companies and other utilities . 
  so 58 % would like to buy back off of the private companies vs 17 % who would n't , and that 's ** after ** it 's already been privatised , the damage of losing a lot of money has already been done . 
  so you 'd assume that before that , even more people would have been against privatising it . 
  haha what are we doing that 's stealing from the family inheritance ? 
  brothers fight do n't they ? 
  what are you then ? 
  you 're our [ closest relatives , ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/genetic-map-reveals-how-british-irish-and-european-we-really-are-34920273.html ) we have to [ bail you out when you 're broke ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/9813358/british-taxpayers-funded-irelands-14bn-bail-out.html ) and we have to [ step in for you if you get into a fight . 
  yeah i actually wrote that and then started doubting myself , so googled it and found [ this .
