  which university in europe ? 
  how are we better geographically , i dont really get you . 
  surely it doesnt make much difference these days since most will emigrate in an airplane ? 
  personally i think the biggest pull is lots of cultural factors , probably the biggest being that we both embrased multiculturalism and invited people to immigrate . 
  others ; wide influence , english speaking , the best universities , lots of equality/freedom where have you emigrated to ? 
  ive heard its really tough for an american to emigrate to the uk , know much about that ? 
  we 're very different countries so probably yeah . 
  there something specific you 're getting at ? 
  uk 's border with mainland europe was always pretty effective . 
  maybe if the people who write the laws for the eu were elected then they might listen to the public a little more ? 
  so you want to put the eu in charge of your armies too now ? 
  if it 's about defending europe why ca n't you just make defence pacts with one another ? 
  why 've you got to drag the neutral countries ( like ireland ) into any wars you might get into ? 
  why should n't x country have full control over its own army , why should it share control of its army with the eu ? 
  it 's not like it 'll effect me since the uk is leaving , but if you want to become a single country just get on with it . 
  doing this instead of just merging into a single country would be unfair to your members who do not want further political integration , it 's pretty scary honestly the way you 're trying to force stuff rather than let it happen naturally . 
  edit : you guys fuckin hate equality and fairness dontcha , glad we 're leaving . 
  hahahaaaa , look how good our deal was, 
  are you having some kind of mental block ? 
  i 've said repeatedly that i 'm talking about my own personal experience . 
  i do n't hang around with news reporters , so the news does n't qualify in my list . 
  i 'm literally talking about personal experience that i 've seen . 
  i 'm not blaming immigrants , i 'm saying that racist attacks and events are n't always just from the natives . 
  it 's very easy to assume that it is just the natives that do this kind of thing with the whole nature of it , you expect majority to be racist to the minority right ? 
  the point of what i wrote is to point out that it is n't only the natives . 
  i wrote to some other guy . 
  i grew up in a practically all white area , when you grow up in an all white area with nobody to hate because of their skin colour , all you 're left with is the logic that racism is stupid . 
  when i say that i 've never seen or heard ( locally ) of racism coming out of an english mouth , i completely mean that . 
  i do live in a bubble yeah . 
  what 's wrong dear child ? 
  why are you so upset by my poor phrasing ? 
  i 've explained to you what i meant to have put , why are you so upset by it ? 
  i phrased it badly , i was talking about my own personal , with my local eyes , with my local ears experience . 
  should n't have put `` never heard of '' . 
  no i was n't , i was talking about my own personal experience in my own area . 
  of course , just like everywhere else . 
  `` i could maybe understand others parts of the country , where [ ... ] white english are the majority '' you could understand us being racist because we 're majority white is what you said above right ? 
  i grew up , and still live [ here ] . 
  growing up in an all white community does not make you more likely to be racist . 
  when you hear stories it makes you wonder how the fuck people can be so stupid to judge someone by the colour of their skin , being racist is completely beyond us . 
  if there 's nobody around you for you to irrationally hate based off of their skin colour , it 's pretty pretty hard to become racist , all you 're left with is the logic that racism is stupid . 
  about the poverty bit . 
  yeah by median we probably have less money , but everything 's cheaper outside of london , our houses are bigger and cheaper , we probably have more industry too for a guess . 
  you kinda sound like you live in a bubble . 
  i have friends from london at uni and i 'm kinda scared that they 'll ever see the house i live in and start thinking i 'm posh or something . 
  edit : a bot deleted my comment cause i linked to daily mail haha . 
  google `` most english town in england '' for where i grew up . 
  i 'm talking about my own personal experience in my own area . 
  i 'm not from london . 
  britain only cared about maintaining its empire at the start . 
  we put pressures on to end slavery all over the world except for in the us , we made it illegal in our own territories and then used to sail around other countries territories fining slave owners , sinking their slave ships and setting their slaves free . 
  we enforced loads of humanitarian laws in countries ( we banned widow burning in india for example ) . 
  tried to make other countries rich when they followed our examples with human rights . 
  then obviously , we pretty much forced democracy everywhere we went , gave power to the people . 
  i know the british empire was pretty naughty at the start , but we did do a lot of good for the world in the end . 
  ^ ( also stood up to the nazi 's and ottoman who were pretty naughty themselves ), 
  i was talking about my own personal experience in my own area . 
  was talking about my own personal experience in my own area . 
  londoner thinking people in other parts of england are living in poverty and racist because they 're white hahaha fuck offffff . 
  i 'd probably agree but i 'm from nottingham , pretty different place to london . 
  it would n't surprise me if the majority of it is fictional , or one off events where the significance has been amplified by newspapers . 
  i do n't think we live in a racist society . 
  everyone will forever fuckin claim it is though wo n't they . 
  both . 
  i would 've said if i meant a particular group . 
  i think you completely missed my point . 
  i 'm saying ; yes it 's gone shit , we 've learned from our mistake and understand now that integration does n't happen if you have too much immigration too fast . 
  we did used to be good with it . 
  never met them . 
  i 'm talking about my own personal experience , i do n't know why people are trying to tell me what i 've seen . 
  you do n't even know what part of england i 'm from , counties and regions in the uk are drastically different to one another ... 
  no , it was by shane meadows i think, 
  what part of england ? 
  i have an irish friend who 's lived here for 4 years now and as far as i know nothing like that 's happened to him . 
  if you think that brexit is motivated by racism you 're kiddin yourself, 
  that 's insane , i 've never seen anything like that . 
  have you ever seen the film `` this is england '' ? 
  it 's a film from my area with an anti-racist morale . 
  just wondering if someone from germany will have ever heard of it since it 's so local to me . 
  alliance ! = oppresive union, 
  yeah i know , i get this . 
  i voted to remain . 
  the hope is that with a lower potential of immigration ( ie no free movement with europe ) we will be in a position where we can invite the skilled workers that we actually need . 
  if we need non-skilled polish workers , we can just invite them back in tbf . 
  kudos to germany then . 
  if the label was originally put there to protect the consumer and it resulted in germany improving their product , then that 's a win-win for both sides . 
  as a bystander in england , the really ironic thing to me is that whenever i hear about hate crime in england , it 's never fucking english people , yet we get all the stick for it . 
  i can guarantee every person who 's read this article is assuming that the abuse is being done by white english guys , bet nobody 's even considered that it is n't them . 
  i 'll tell you about my experiences with racism ; i had a black friend in college , i was walking with him and this woman gave us both a leaflet each for this anti-racism anti-homophobia rally . 
  the guy i was with said `` sorry i do n't really agree with that '' and gave her the leaflet back . 
  obviously i was shocked as fuck , and he begins to explain how he does n't agree with being gay . 
  so i 'm just stood there like totally totally shocked with my mouth hanging open . 
  i confronted him about it later on , kindof wondering how he can be homophobic when he himself is a target for racism . 
  it leads to him basically admitting that he doesnt see races equally , doesnt like asians ect . 
  hear about racist attack in the city , turns out it 's a pakistani and an indian . 
  heard this multiple times . 
  hear about guy getting fired for racism at work . 
  turns out polish guy attacked an african guy . 
  my dad was the one who fired him , apparently similar behaviour in the past has happened with the polish and african people there . 
  had a friend who 's mum and dad were from pakistan , used to make out that he did n't like jews .
