yes exactly , so we 're not just talking about white countries are we ? 
  is it or is it not common sense that if we have free movement with the world , the uk 's schools hospitals ans housing would go to the shit tip ? 
  it isnt an arbitary number , it 's someones job to put a reasonable estimate on that number , and we go over it by a lot every year . 
  if we could instantly build hospitals schools and houses at the click of your mouse , then it would be arbitary yes , but thats not how real life works is it ? 
  your blinded by what people are telling you to think . 
  you 're trying to be liberal , yet have placed yourself firmly in the `` let all white people enter the country willy nilly camp '' . 
  it 's nonsensical , there are problems with free movement , and we should n't be giving europeans priority over everyone else . 
  you need to start thinking for yourself mate . 
  do you know any australian or canadians living in the uk ? 
  what immigrants do you think people are talking about when they talk about the commonwealth and immigration ? 
  you 're purposefully being ignorant because you want to believe that people who voted diffetent to you are bad guys . 
  the uk can only take so many immigrants per year due to housing public services ect . 
  so we set a target on the number of immigrants . 
  when we have to accept every eu immigrant it makes it so that we 're forced to have strict rules on non-eu immigrants . 
  the eu doesnt directly stop us from opwning our borders to non-eu immigranta , but indirectly it does . 
  are you dumb ? 
  i do actually think this . 
  we have barely anything in common with the majority of european and we barely have any historical ties with europe either . 
  we do have culture and history in common with the commonwealth however , we even have official language in common with a lot of them . 
  seriously , why are we giving europeans priority over the commonwealth ? 
  it pisses me off . 
  speak for yourself, 
  we 're angry at the eu because we have the ability to change our own government through democracy , but can not do that to the eu . 
  we 're always angry at our own government . 
  it isnt really an international issue tbh , they should have pulled us out of it a long time ago . 
  if the uk government had been completely honest then it would have probably been a landslide for brexit . 
  the non-eu immigrants wont be favoured , they 'll be put on the same bar as the eu immigrants . 
  which would be higher for the eu immigrants but lower for the non-eu immigrants . 
  i 'm not really saying that we ca n't take more immigrants , we certainly can take more and more each year , but we can only prepare fast enough for so many is more the problem i 'm trying to point out . 
  im surprised i 've had to explain this so many times in this thread tbh . 
  public service , housing , jobs , the country in general can only hold so many people each year . 
  so you aim for x number of immigrants per year , when you 're forced to say yes to every eu immigrant your immigration laws for everyone else have to be strict enough to keep that number down . 
  in the uks case they had to be very very very strict and in 2015 we still went 3x over our capacity for immigration with just eu immigrants alone . 
  directly the eu does not control our immigration policies for non-eu immigrants , true . 
  but indirectly it does , and we 've ended up with bullshit immigration laws because of it . 
  we 're an overpopulated tiny island , what are we supposed to do about it if the eu wo n't let us say no to eu immigrants ? 
  well no because the uk needs immigrants , but obviously we can only let so many in . 
  the less we 're forced to say yes to , the more leniant we can be with letting people in because we 'll have smaller net immigration . 
  i know its easy to believe farage is a racist since he is a dickhead , but throughout his campaign he did talk about fairer treatment for commonwealth immigrants . 
  the uk wouldnt be able to function without immigration , we have to have it whether the racist old man down the road likes it or not . 
  i 'm not disputing that, 
  the eu does not directly restrict immigrants from outside but since the uk can only hold x many new people each year , the more eu immigrants we have to say yes to , the stricter we have to be when letting in non-eu immigrants . 
  anything with that incorrect ? 
  if we never whined and bitched about it we 'd still be in the eu though, 
  thats good way to remember it though eh ? 
  overexaggerating overexaggerates how many gs are sensible to have . 
  now we 're unagreeing to it , so it 's okay . 
  i 'm sorry :( we got ta be realistic though and i want my nigerian buddy to be able to stay once we 've finished uni . 
  sorry i was n't trying to twist it , i just know you were purposefully overexagerating and wanted to niggle at you for it . 
  when i voted i didnt care about immigration , it wasnt on my voting criteria . 
  i barely see any immigration where i live . 
  i only got angry about it after the debate when i realised from talking to people at university how unfair it is . 
  `` the immigration policy of the uk with regard to people outwith the eu is entirely up to the uk government , so your comment about being forced to be strict with non-eu people just shows a total lack of understanding '' this only shows your lack of understanding or purposefull ignorance to try and make the eu seem like the good guys in your own mind . 
  the eu makes it so that the uk must accept all eu immigrants , yes , also makes it so that the uk must accept all refugees that the other eu countries let in - which i 'm okay with since they 're refugees . 
  and the uk is free to do whatever it wants with the rest of its immigration policy , yeah true . 
  so its not the eu 's fault . 
  but then you take a step into reality and realise that the uk is a country that is already overpopulated , and that the public sector and housing can only deal with so much immigration . 
  so the gov have to put a target number of immigrants down that they aim to have by the end of each year . 
  bigger and bigger numbers of eu migrants every year that we unfairly have to say yes to , so the immigration policy for migrants from outside the eu has to become stricter and stricter . 
  we have to turn down so many good migrants because of the idiot eu citizens that come over here without a job and end up homeless living in the street or living on shracknel in illegal dossiers , how is that good for anybody ? 
  in 2015 the tories set an aim for only 100k immigrants and then we ended up getting 300k that year from the eu . 
  why should we turn down people with good degrees from outside of europe for anyone who feels like it that is from europe ? 
  i dont think it was from logic i think it was from experience . 
  i didnt care about immigration in the brexit vote , i 'd say it hasnt affected me , so this is n't my opinion , i 'm just regurgitating it on behalf . 
  people were saying that the immigration was happening too fast and that communities were being divided and destroyed because of it . 
  in areas like mine white and black and brown and yellow all grt along fine , and we 're all fully english . 
  but in other parts of the country whites only stay with whites and browns only stay with browns , the people dont integrate properly and form their own isolated communities , like polish or muslim communities or whatever . 
  they were also blaming immigration on lack of low skill jobs ( maybee this is somewhat true where i live , but i dont really think so since most of everyone i know has a job ) , and they were also blaming it on fucking the public funded sector , so the nhs and schools ect . 
  my school was terrible and my local hospital and doctors are terrible too , but immigrants cant be causing that cause where i live there isnt much immigration so \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af like i say , i 'm judt relaying this back since you asked . 
  not my views . 
  the problem with the remain campaign with immigration was just that leave flat out wins that arguement . 
  remain : yes to anyone from the eu regardless , very strict on people from outside the eu to try and keep the numbers down . 
  leave : less strict , and youd imagine yes to anyone we need from whatever country . 
  its just better on every level right ? 
  the remain ones pretty racist really , yes to white people , strict on everyone else . 
  its also unmanageable as evidenced by the last 10 years . 
  the leave stance is fair and seems more realistic . 
  i personally didnt care about immigration in the debate , but yeah , i dont really see what remain could 've said to help their case . 
  i 'm not dissing your english but that 's not what outright refused means , she did n't outright refuse she just did very little . 
  it was n't her job to to be fair to her , she had no obligation to join either side . 
  i think most people in the uk know that immigration is good . 
  leave voters were n't saying no to immigration , they were saying yes to controlling it and yes to have a fair immigration policy where being white does n't get you a free pass . 
  we have just as many commonwealth immigrants as eu immigrants but it is so so so much harder for those people to get into the uk . 
  i have a nigerian friend who might end up deported by october because our immigration policy is forced to be so strict on the non-eu people . 
  about a third of nigeria is occupied by isil right now you know ? 
  what the fuck is that ? 
  why are europeans allowed here for free willy nilly but my nigerian friend with a good degree from the uk in a subject that the uk needs might get sent back home to die in a war torn country ? 
  the uk likes immigration , the uk needs immigration , the uk knows the benefits of immigration . 
  we just do n't like bullshit immigration with fucked up rules that we are n't allowed to decide for ourselves . 
  to be fair i think most brexiters think that immigration is good , they just think that too much of it is n't, 
  yeah there 's no education system in place for our old people at all . 
  i think the education for our young people is held in pretty high prestige though to be fair . 
  2017 best countries for education ranking put uk at no. 2 . 
  we have greggs tho, 
  yeah i think the french are alright but then i remember that they eat frogs and snails and it just makes my stomach churn, 
  didnt it say she did 30 odd media appearances to support remain ? 
  tldr : leaked document is just a conversation where someone pointed out that may and the rest of her office did n't put much effort into the remain campaign . 
  i think theres two main reasons . 
  1 ) the uk government has consistantly tried to tell the uk citizens that the eu was essentially just trade agreements with a lot of relevant asterisk ( which is clearly not the case and a reason why many voted to leave ) . 
  so for the uk citizens to suddenly hear that what to them is just a trading organisation is now creating an army sets off lots of alarm bells `` what does a trade organisation need an army for ? '' .
