  i mean , at school i met people who had to count on their fingers to do basic maths that probably have more money than you . 
  you must be an absolute fucking dumbass right ? 
  you replied after i 'd crossed it all out ? 
  you do n't seem like a bad guy , so no offence , but holy shit i 've never seen such elitism . 
  just to be completely clear . 
  by the 9/10 , in the uk , you think that poor people are less intelligent than rich people ? 
   while not perfect still is among the highest and most equal in the world which gives everyone the chance to educate themselves so in the countries where they do not have this opportunity , the poor people are less intelligent ? 
  yeah i 'd agree with the statement if it were `` uneducated '' and not `` less intelligent '' , those are two completely different things . 
  funny coming from a bulgarian . 
  iq by country --  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  you got me, 
  you 're doing my head in :') poor people are n't dumb or uneducated !, 
  at school out of my friends , me and another were probably the poorest , we both went to university . 
  the richest two were smart too , but probably were n't as smart and did n't end up going to university or anything like that . 
  i think what you 're trying to say , is that rich people are born with a silver spoon and often go to elitist schools where they 're given an unfair advantage ? 
  something like that ? 
  i literally did n't find out about it until this year . 
  in my last year of university , went to the learning difficulties people cause i was struggling . 
  ended up being told i have adhd and dyslexia , i always suspected adhd ( which is partially why i went ) but i had no clue about the dyslexia at all . 
  apparently 50 % of people with adhd have dyslexia . 
  edit : read it back and realised i did n't answer . 
  i found out i had dyslexia so read up on it because it was shocking to me . 
  dyslexia is about certain parts of the brain underperforming , caused by longer than average neural networks or something . 
  comes with advantages as well as disadvantages , so is n't strictly a disability but is classed as a learning disability if it affects your learning to x amount . 
  majority of people with dyslexia can read and write fine , there are just a lot of different types of it . 
  the evidence for mine was based off of my `` information recall and processing '' being really really bad . 
  so my comprehension when reading is slow but everything else with reading and writing is fine . 
  edit2 : realised the guys point was about `` people who are barely literate '' . 
  maybe i am dumb , woops . 
  i 'm poor with adhd and dyslexia ( probably from my parents which is probably why we 're poor ) , they do not affect your intelligence , only your ability to learn . 
  in them iq things they do at school when you 're 11 i got top 1 % of the country . 
  meaning that there 's a 99 % chance that i 'm smarter than you eh buddy ? 
  i 'm doing eee at a really good university now . 
  poor people are not statistically more likely to be dumb , they 're just more fucking unfortunate . 
  if you 're rich i 'm sure you must feel a lot of guilt if you do n't convince yourself that you deserve it for some reason , but you do n't , you were just high-rolled when you were born . 
  as a poor person who 's dyslexic and at a good university doing a science , you 're wrong . 
  number of books brought = / = intelligence especially when you 're talking about a poor country , and i guarantee that the person who made this picture chose `` number of books '' because it was the most dramatic looking number he could find . 
  maybe in the red areas they 're poor but they 've got loads of dope ass libraries and really good internet access everywhere , so nobody bothers buying books . 
  ireland always looks so happy, 
  ah yes , because poor people are dumb . 
  edit : you 're all poor compared to donald trump . 
  i 'm quite shocked that people would argue that wealth correlates with intelligence . 
  edit : seriously my upvotes and downvotes have been up and down like crazy on this 10 , -20 , 20 , -10 , 20 . 
  stop circlejerking and actually read ( with context ) what people have wrote before you upvote or downvote them . 
  thought it said sturgeon, 
   you ca n't have two different sets of rules be valid at the same time . 
  ~ ~ but what he 's saying is that we 're paying to be a full member , but not being treated as one . ~ ~ ~ ~ it makes sense for the eu to freeze the uk from being able to get future contracts , but it also makes sense that if we 're not being treated like a full member , we should n't have to pay the full price . 
  why should we have to pay for the future of the eu if we are n't in the future of the eu ? ~ ~ edit : i thought that it included deals within the two years , i take it back . 
  unless it 's trump haha, 
  so do we start to reduce how much we 're paying into it now orrrr ? 
   currency stability we do n't use the euro we use the pound sterling . 
  we would have had stability regardless of whether we joined or did n't join as our trade deals would 've remained the same . 
   trade with other eu members everyone trades with the eu , admittedly it was good to have free trade , but it was also good for the rest of the eu to have free trade with us . 
   the london finance capital oh did the eu create london ? 
  i was unaware of that . 
   the massive amount of british citizens able to live elsewhere good for them but not good for the uk . . 
  i said the `` your country was getting better because ours was slowly getting worse '' under the impression i was talking to someone from poland for some reason . 
  i 'm surprised to hear you say that the netherlands became better because of the eu being honest . 
  like i said , you physically saw improvements or whatever , i only physically saw the negatives of the eu . 
  i know there are benefits as well as positives , but the positives are certainly very hard to find in the uk . 
  before the eu we were sick because of ww2 ( you 're welcome ) , you know that . 
  we would have eventually stabalised just like every other country did . 
  it 's not like we did n't still have huge investments in our own country to restabalise ourselves . 
  the eu diddd take away from that though , by making us concede many of our mechanisms to protect our own business 's ect . 
   so basically the uk is not competitive enough ? 
  economy is only at war with itself . 
  if you have trade zone a with train company 1 , and trade zone b with train company 2 . 
  train company 1 and 2 only compete with one another when trade zone a and b merge into one ( i.e have no tariffs or become free trade ) . 
  there were publicly owned companies in the uk that were not there to compete as companies , but to provide a public service as they were owned by the people of the uk - i 'm talking about socialist services . 
  the eu only allowed the uk to protect the nhs pretty much , every other socialist system was therefore just fucking eaten for no effort by european companies . 
  that 's an extreme example , but there are local examples not as extreme where the eu 's policies favoured other eu members and forced uk companies down under . 
   so please , i want you to go out and find out what the eu is in your region , who 's behind it , where the funds go ( and what they are ) . 
  i 'll have a google , but you mentioned cohesian policy . 
  if the uk did n't put that money in ( and be given less back ) , then the uk could simply just put the money where it needs to be in the uk itself . 
  that 's why we vote for mp 's to represent areas , that 's the whole point . 
  the only reason the uk is n't doing that is because the eu does it for them ( at a cost ) , so it really is redundant . 
  i tried to google but could n't find anything . 
  my area is amber valley if you want to look for yourself . 
   and the fact that scotland now is having a strong independence movement i do n't know how this is a defence of the eu 's weird papers but while the people of scotland vote to remain part of the uk , they will remain part of the uk . 
  they 're currently choosing to stay , end of . 
   to sell to the single market you will have to meet single market regulations , if you want to be inside it and not be a member state of the eu then you will be giving up on having a say on what these regulations are , plus , the single market is a single market as the name indicates , so britain 's disruptive sudden problem with freedom of movement is obviously going to be a problem . 
  i 'm just trying to say that i think the uk can probably have an ordinary trade deal with the eu , tariffs are very low around the world these days anyway . 
  i do n't think we 're going to join the single market or anything no  to sell to the single market you will have to meet single market regulations , only when selling to the single market though . 
  people seem to miss this for some reason . 
  the uk can sell to other countries without following single market regulations whilst simultaneously following single market regulations and selling to the single market . 
  they could even get creative and follow both sets of regulations and selling to both sides if they wanted . 
  it is n't countries that sell to countries , it 's companies that sell to countries . 
  while we were in the eu companies could only follow eu regulations , but now we 're out , the companies are free to pick and choose as they wish . 
  if they wan na sell a modified product to australia whilst selling an eu product to the eu , they are now free to . 
  we can now also buy what we want as a country , if we think the eu 's regulations on crops are too strict , we can buy from someone else . 
  if we think they are n't strict enough we can change our regulations so that the eu companies ca n't sell to us . 
  they 're fucking boring and wo n't even socialise in the name of drugs !, 
  i 'm writing this from a world top 1 % university . 
  you 're narrow minded and susceptable to the media my friend . 
  nottingham * robin hood - rob from the rich , give to the poor . 
  who does n't love that right ? 
  i do n't want to speak for the whole of the uk since we 're such a culturally diverse country . 
  but ones that jump to mind are ; guy fawkes , winston churchil , boudicca , who are interestingly all people who rebelled/fought against `` dictators '' , makes sense since we have such a big philosophy of freedom and democracy over here . 
  for those who do n't know who those people are ; * guy fawkes - tried to blow up the house of lords and the king . 
  failed obviously but now we see him as a sort of hero as well as villain i guess ?
