  ] ( http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/10-countries-with-the-most-freedom-of-speech/ ) uk is 3rd on the list and us is 5th . 
  i assumed that americans were allowed to say whatever they wanted to be honest with the way they go on about it . 
  i guess not . 
  on the other hand , in my opinion i think the uk 's laws towards it are very sensible and forwards . 
  we 're pretty much allowed to say what we want , but ca n't say things that jeopardise the monarchy or harm national security , and we ca n't talk hate or extremist ideologies . 
  i 'm happy with all this . 
  last thing the guy mentioned was london , so thought we were talking about uk sorry . 
  in the uk , equality is `` live and let live '' to all of our and other cultures ( including religions ) and being nice . 
  we do n't have freedom of speech or anything like that , there are laws against hate speech here . 
  i think he meant that railways in britain were a natural monopoly for britain . 
  we started the industrial revolution , we invented the railway and we invented the steam engine , making us the first in the race . 
  we are n't connected to the rest of europe , which makes our railways cover our own property and nothing else , meaning we essentially had no competition . 
  railways were owned socially , paid by tax . 
  natural monopoly for us . 
  the eu then does this ( with cameron allowing it to go through cause he 's a pig-fucking-nobhead ) ; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_railway_directive obviously very unfair from our perspective , we lose a money machine and the event created a lot of job losses , entire towns in some cases . 
  was joking . 
  but seriously i dont know a single person who thinks that it 's a good thing , obvious exception being the politicians whose pockets privatisation fills . 
  username checks out, 
  i 'm angry at the government for doing this , and was when i first heard about it which wouldve been about 4 years ago i think . 
  this advert though . 
  they 're using europeans to rub the salt in the wound , not politicians . 
  ^ ( two world wars and one world cup ), 
  yeah but its purposely trying to wind up the working class . 
  `` hi working class britain , you have no money , and because of your government i now have more money . 
  thanks !, 
  love from middle class europeans '', 
  hahaha . 
  so it was caused by the eu ? 
  seriously i 'm already wound up by watching that video . 
  nobody wanted the gov to sell our fucking money machines , we were all angry about it and still are . 
  there were protests , and theyre doing it to schools now . 
  train company owmed by gov , makes x profit per year . 
  they sell it for essentially a 1 off payment . 
  so literally sold our money machine , something that longterm would have undoubtedly made us more money . 
  why would they do something so retarded ? 
  pretty simple really . 
  the one off payment went into the back pockets of the tory mp 's , they did it for their own benefit not the country 's , in no way was it beneficial for the country . 
  * lost a lot because of privatisation, 
  you 're in / r/europe, 
  i assumed he meant boats of drunks, 
  it would be in any case really . 
  ireland does n't have it 's own army and the uk has that wack anti-nuke sub thingy roaming circling the british isles . 
  anyhow , the uk is n't gon na let anyone pick on its little brother , only the uk is allowed to do that !, 
  anyone tries fuckin with ireland then they 're fuckin with the uk too !, 
  i reckon `` theres always light at the end of the tunnel '' , baring in mind we 've had all this talk about 2016 being shit ect ect . 
  then you look at the picture and the light at the end of the tunnel is clearly bad bad . 
  so basically they 're just being pricks . 
  theyre calling the people who think 2017 will be better idiots , probably also angry at their negi vibes in 2016 . 
  they coule have drawn anyone holding the gun ( or even something that wasnt a gun ) but they chose a terrorist . 
  probably a `` we 're charlie hebdo and not afraid of terrorists '' or `` fuck terrorists lol '' . 
  assuming you know about the terrorists that attacked the charlie hebdo building right ? 
  tldr : dont really think there 's much to it , just `` the people who think 2017 will be better are idiots and fuck terrorists '', 
  ... that are sophisticated enough to create and read comics ? 
  whats libertarian ? 
  tried reading about them and it just seems like a far-left political party . 
  but i thought there were only two political parties in the us ? 
  or did i read something and take it too literally ? 
  yep , uzi 's a name so it just stays the same in english, 
  not really because the excuse for us protecting islam is equality . 
  equality 's a staple of western society , from no point of view have we conceded to the terrorists . 
  i think yours is closest , but i think that art just does what it wants to be honest . 
  beautiful landscape that the artist wants to share , propaghanda , an angry message about a political opinion , something that will make money . 
  this is an arguement between a greek and an irishman . 
  i do n't see how * we * got dragged into it . 
  i think it was probably greece who caused ireland to have a potato famine , eh ? 
  right ? 
  dont you think that if the members would prefer to make different dicisions to one another as you suggested in your 2nd paragraph . 
  then a win-win situation for both sides is to be seperate and make different decisions to each other ? 
  why do we need or why do some people want to be a single entity ? 
  we can all continue to do what we want if we 're seperate . 
  as a percent of population ? 
  but the uk has an old population ... 
  should n't we be looking at percentage of population between 18-30 or something ? 
  if you type it in on google translate and then click the speaker button it 's even funnier, 
  3 dying languages in the uk ? 
  they ca n't possibly be counting welsh as a language surely ? 
  haha what ? 
  why are n't they with us ? 
  did we dump them ? 
  am i still allowed to watch porn or will i get into trouble ? 
  ^ ( asking for a friend ), 
  you 're making me blush !, 
  the uk loves the chinese !, 
  ^ ^ wan na ^ ^ buy ^ ^ some ^ ^ dope ? 
  drunk with power . 
  hmm . 
  throughout history civilisations have rejected outsiders . 
  not just europeans and not just powerful civilisations . 
  there areee reasons why people do it , and the line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  these guys werent following the laws which put them on the wrong side of the line , so they got sent back ( ? ) . 
  i would like to accept more immigrants into europe and the uk . 
  but a better solution is fixing the countries those people are fleeing rather than causing more problems where we are . 
  i 'm not saying immigrants cause problems , but our long term plans were made for a far smaller population number . 
  right now our housing is suffering , health is suffering , community is suffering , and standard of living is suffering ( we do n't breed enough to replace ourselves because we ca n't afford it , that 's fucking aweful in my opinion ) . 
  its sad but true . 
  not everything in life is fair . 
  i 'm glad my ancestors got trapped on this island in the ice age . 
  that island is called britain, 
  i agree but when the us is using 9/11 or whatever other lies as their excuse , its hard for the uk to say no when the mutual cooperation and protection is so important for both countries . 
  people from europe call uk the us 's bitch or whatever else .
