  which would thus create a lot of anti-eu sentiment which the uk gov has been trying to avoid . 
  it also makes it more obvious that the eu is heading towards becoming a country , which would also cause a lot of anti-eu sentiment . 
  2 ) most of the countries within the eu are already in nato . 
  so by creating an eu army it 's like suddenly flipping a finger at our much closer allies in nato . 
  if those two organisations were to ever disagree with oneanother , where does the uk stand , we would not be able to stand most likely . 
  other minor things . 
  we feel safe , which is unlike a lot of other eu members i 'd imagine . 
  we 're already comfortable with all of our military agreements ect . 
  what ? 
  the weight of trade between france and the uk would mean that if both countries have 10 % trade tariffs as an example instead of 0 % , the uk gov would gain more money than the french government would gain from it . 
  i guess people within the uk would have to pay more for french goods yeah , but people within france would have to pay more for uk goods and would lose moree money than the people in the uk . 
  so it 's kind of irrelevant is n't it ? 
  and that if we both have equal tariffs and you assume that sales remain the same then the uk makes additional profit out of france, 
  well that 's completely reasonable , i guess it 's just purposefully poor wording from the article to dramatise it . 
  seriously what should we be grateful for ? 
  do you understand why the uk kept blocking an eu army ? 
  yeah i 'd like to help keep europe safe but it is n't exactly a priveledge for us is it haha . 
  edit : downvoted because it is a priveledge i guess ? 
  hmm . . 
  i feel like france and the uk have a confusing relationship, 
  honestly , why do so many people want us to pay an `` exit bill '' . 
  paying for stuff we 've agreed to pay for , yeah i understand that , but paying to leave ? 
  do you think that the uk has n't contributed as much to the eu as other members ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  is n't sustaining defence ties the uk 's burden ? 
  i would like to sustain defence ties as i would like europe to remain safe , but doesnt exactly seem like a priveledge for the uk . 
  i 'm surprised how many people in this thread believe this blatant bullshit . 
  i guess / r/europe really hates the uk these days . 
  exactly what i was gon na say . 
  since theresa mays came in the nhs has caused my grandad to develop dementia caused by lots of ministrokes which were causes by them fucking up his diabetes medication . 
  and my uncle had to have his legs removed and then died . 
  fuck theresa may and fuck the tories . 
  i guess its the downside to the nhs ? 
  lots of old people staying alive . 
  wait . 
  i actually thought this was satire hahahah . 
  independent are sinking as low as the sun it seems . 
  okay i 'll try a full sentence . 
  your using an arguement that has had a surge in popularity , today i think ? 
  what are you a fucking parrot ? 
  the arguement is retarded , populism is about pleasing the people , which is exactly the principle behind democracy . 
  so you 're either a parrot just regurgitating shit that you read on the front page this morning , or you 're a fascist ( which is pretty retarded too imo ) . 
  northern ireland and scotland are our forcefully integrated buddies are they haha . 
  my family 's from all over the uk ( south england , midlands england , scotland , northern ireland ) , so even though i 'm english , it does sorta feel like you 're still referencing me when you talk about scotland and northern ireland . 
  i 'd imagine a lot of people in the uk feel this way , since this is the same for the majority of people here , we are one country you know ? 
  we 're culturally the same and stuck on an island together , there 's no forceful integration , its more like forceful cooperation if anything . 
  when scotland voted on whether they wanted to stay in the uk or not , it was already official that we were going to have an eu referendum . 
  they voted to stay in the uk . 
  so we went into the eu referendum and voted as a full uk , to leave the eu . 
  whenever scotland or northern ireland or even wales vote to leave the uk they are free to , same with all the crown colonies , same with the british overseas territories , not for england cause theyre the only fuckers without their own government . 
  scotland only has 7 % of the uks population in it , if they voted to stay and we stayed do you think it would be fair on the rest ? 
  `` populism '' . . democracy ? 
  what , you think that that 's bad ? 
  yeah i 'm glad we 're leaving . 
  `` finally , the resolution says that only when `` substantial progress '' has been made in talks on how the uk is to leave the eu can discussions begin on possible transitional arrangements . 
  these arrangements must not last longer than three years , while an agreement on a future relationship can only be concluded once the uk has left the eu '' does this mean the leave by 2 years thing from article 50 is being extended already ? 
  so once substantial progress has been made , the countdown will begin and we 'll have 3 years to leave . 
  yo these motherfuckers are n't trying to hold us captive are they ?!, 
  if we never manage to get much progress down towards sorting out a leave deal then the timer will never start right ? 
  whatever . 
  how do you think we should have gone about it then ? 
  and you didnt answer my first question . 
  are you saying nobodys happy with the eu ? 
  are you trying to say nobody is happy with the eu ? 
  why not leave or reform it then ? 
  i 'm just following logic . 
  uk not happy with eu . 
  reform ? 
  not allowed . 
  leave ? 
  i 've found `` almost always '' is a bad statement to use when talking about schools in the uk . 
  where i live , you always go infants school , then primary school , then secondary school . 
  theres no religious schools or gender schools or private schools . 
  from talking to people from different parts of the uk i know its completely different in other parts . 
  i had a friend from a different part of england who thought it was weird that i went to a mixed gender school meanwhile i didnt even realise separate gender schools still existed . 
  it is a fact that my opinion is `` my favourite colour is blue '' . 
  the statement `` my favourite colour is blue '' is ineed3quids opinion . 
  pletterpet saying `` ineed3quids favourite colour is blue '' is a fact . 
  `` my favourite colour is blue '' is an opinion and can not be proven wrong . 
  `` i think that the most popular colour is blue '' is not an opinion and can be proven wrong . 
  dude i 'm not argueing any longer , you either understand the definition of the words or you do n't . 
  you can never say something that is a preference or view in someones head is incorrect , it is their opinion . 
  its so hard to explain that word without using it !, 
  opinions are not facts based . 
  opinions are only true to the particular person . 
  opinions are true for each person . 
  if a statement can be based upon fact or proven wrong then it is not an opinion . 
  by definition an opinion can not be proven wrong . 
  you can never say that it is false that my favourite colour is blue , because that is my opinion . 
  yeah this is what i meant . 
  hypothetically if you asked the entire world , and said `` currently , the most popular colour is red '' then that would be a fact . 
  i was just trying to keep my example simple . 
  this is the first that came up when i googled , which is certainly what the word means where i grew up : `` a view or judgement formed about something , not necessarily based on fact or knowledge . 
  `` that , in my opinion , is right '' '' it says not necessarily based on fact or knowledge , but if something is on a plane where fact or knowledge would make one view correct and one incorrect , then that would not be an opinion . 
  thats how people around me have always used the word anyway . 
  `` my favourite colour is blue '' - opinion , can not be wrong `` red is the most popular colour '' - fact ( probably ) `` grey is the most popular colour '' - false `` i think that red is the most popular colour '' - theory, 
  it * could * be a fact , you could take every single parameter and way to measure it and come to the conclusion that the guy is a `` good midfielder '' , its not that silly tbf , psychologists have to do it to classify very grey areas . 
  and he is presenting it as a fact , so it 's a fact with no evidence . 
  not an opinion . 
  opinion does not mean theory or hypothesis , an opinion is a fact of your own personal view .
