  whyyy ? 
   also i did n't know that the uk still bases its foreign policy on ww1 ... everyone else on this subreddit judges the uk by its actions from over 100 years ago so why shouldnt i ? 
  i just find the whole `` uk is a major ally of turkey '' weird . 
  not long ago turkey joining the eu was used as a threat against staying in the eu and i 've never heard people say that the uk and the turks are major allies before . 
  ive been writing my dissertation and revising for my last exams , so yeah i have been living under a rock this past month , no need to be a dick . 
   because the uk is a major ally of turkey and has always supported their interests ? 
  like when we invaded them and split up their centuries old empire ? 
  arent we in favour of them joining only once theyve met all the expected criteria that everyone else had to follow ? 
  oh shit , watch out banksy !, 
  agreed . 
  being offended by something one bloke said is n't an excuse to piss around the entire world . 
  okay , i 'll say the obvious . 
  please do n't downvote me . 
  it 's because the eu 's inefficient and slow . 
  the uk obviously ? 
  why obviously ? 
  because we are n't europeans and should n't be offended ? 
  because we have such a high respect for fairness ? 
   erdogan literally called all europeaans nazi 's , crusaders and threatened that they would n't be able to safely walk the streets in any part of the world . 
  source ? 
  believe you just not heard about it until now, 
   why do irish wear kilts til, 
  the young people are pissed and we 're coming to take your government . 
  i think this is the first time i 've seen a polandball that was n't offensively unfunny, 
  i was just explaining both sides , i 'm 23 and i 'm not voting tory, 
  tories changed the corporation tax to 17 % which is very very low but want a hard brexit . 
  every other party does n't see to want as hard a brexit but want to return corporation tax to a normal level . 
  so i guess it 's dependant on the company tbh, 
  hello i love ska-punk and chicken tikka masala . 
  i really do n't know tbh , the uk is very diverse , even in opinions . 
  i do n't know economics , what does it mean really ? 
  are there theories as to why ? 
  are they not waiting to see if the tories win the election before investing ? 
   how conveniently they sometimes find a passport laying next to the perpetrator that 's the us for you, 
  but chicken and bacon and sausage and fish, 
  i fucking love chicken but i 'm surprised that fish and pork are n't higher considering they 're both in foods we consider to be ours as a nation, 
  fish and chips is a treat , ca n't eat that all day erryday . 
  i 'm in the missing patch in the midlands , who 's team am i on ? 
  i 'd guess they do n't want people to know their methods right, 
  you do n't know anything about the uk at all do you ? 
  nicely said, 
  thats a us thing not a uk thing . 
  uks been stopping terrorist attacks left right and centre up until now . 
   namely , islam . 
  religion in general really . 
  by the last polls in england and wales , we 're now both majority atheist . 
  the more people that die from old age the more true this becomes . 
  i 'm 23 and do n't know a single christian my age . 
  brainwash has no place in our culture . 
   when will uk actually do something ? 
  what do you think we should do ? 
  keep calm and carry on . 
  this is the first time i 've felt bloodlust over the news , not gon na lie . 
  fucking pathetic spineless cunts targetting children, 
  okay so between the mid 40s to the mid 90s , the trains made money for the government and in consequence took some of the pressure off of us , also resulted in cheaper train fairs and such . 
  mid 90s onward the trains made ** zero ** money for the government , and uk citizens lost money by spending it on trains . 
  i 'm not a troll i was just trying to simplify what we think and the way we talk about those countries . 
  it 's just the same as referring to all the south american countries as south america , or saying all the nordic countries have good welfare systems . 
  i voted green last election so totally agree , fuck fptp, 
  i should 've said mainland europe . 
  people in the uk classify all those countries under one label since you 're all so culturally similar to one another , so we just shorten it down to european, 
  i admit that i 've been trying to get my tory voting dad to become complacent . 
  '' * tories are gon na win anywayyyyyy * , it 's not like you actually want [ candy crush man ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/dec/08/tory-mp-nigel-mills-apologises-candy-crush ) in our seat is it ? '', 
  in my mind , privatisation is the same as selling a money tree . 
  there 's only 326 cunts in the uk who benefit from doing that . 
  do crabs count ? 
  i watched question time earlier and the labour lady said that the uk did n't vote to leave the single market , but their manifesto is n't out yet sooo . . 
  144th anguilla ( uk ) rate : 7.5 count :1, 
  i woke up sweating at 4am, 
  this is the kind of stuff that makes the people in the uk dislike european countries . 
  i think it 's more about what your vote gets you than the fact of whether there 's a voting system or not . 
  why does the uk have so many euros in it haha, 
  she 's a fucking christian imposing her fucked up morals on our beautifully atheist country . 
  arent you in the eu ? 
  `` recent dna analysis suggests that around 66 percent of the male settler-era population was of norse ancestry , where as the female population was 60 percent celtic . '', 
  i find that reaaally interesting , i 'm wondering if icelanders have a distinct appearance now , especially with their population being so small . 
  my family trees massive majority from the midlands in england , so theoretically i should be descended from vikings and britons , and my surname is pictish , so kinda wondering if i look icelandic now haha . 
  i have two friends who are n't related that have the same surname as each other ( and also me ) and are in a long term relationship with each other . 
  it is n't even a common surname really , just a pretty big coincidence . 
  that could 've been unfortunate for them . 
  have you been to the uk ? 
  four lions ... in space !, 
  `` a group of young muslim men from sheffield decide to wage jihad , and they hatch an inept plan to blow up the moon ! '', 
  he 's joking . 
  he has the union jack , he does n't need the / s. 
  colonising the moon with terrorist muslisms ? 
  you 're actually a piece of shit if you 're suggesting that you  would blame the parents . 
  for letting her  hang around pakistanis is that actually what you 're saying or have you gone off topic in this thread ? 
  for what exactly ? 
  not that nobody likes pop music because i do n't . 
  i said it because i do n't know anybody who likes it , i 've read stuff to suggest otherwise and in this context , people do n't like eurovision music . 
  yes pop music was named pop music because it was popular at the time , but i do n't think that that 's the case anymore and i think that it only maintains the mantle because it is `` less annoying to listen to for people who are n't fans of the genre '' . 
  i was n't trying to diss lordi , i thought that they were supposed to be a parody band , it was my bad . 
  compared to other metal bands i just thought that they looked and sounded like a parody - not too serious band - like tenacious d , i was n't trying to offend . 
   it 's a pop song contest no matter what music you would want to hear there . 
  not just me , my second link proved it 's highly unpopular right ? 
   watch out guys , we got a badass over here !, 
  i do n't listen to metal haha , i just want to hear some real music . 
  literally if spain just had an instrumental brass band that you hear in posh restaurants over there , that song would be different and easily better than any other song in the competition . 
  like i genuinely would enjoy that .
