  defence ? 
  law ? 
  foreign relations ? 
  lived in england for 22 years and never ever ever heard anyone say that they 're flying to europe . 
  i barely ever hear people even say that they 're going to spain or france . 
  we say we 're going to paris , or ibiza , magaluf , amsterdam , crete . 
  although i think your example was complete bollocks i do agree with your point though . 
  people from the uk usually identify as english/welsh/scottish / irish and then after that as a ukizen , i do n't think many people see themselves as european . 
  no he doesnt haha . 
  i do n't know if you 're trying to twist it or if our language just loses context for non-natives sometimes ( not trying to be a dick ) . 
  he 's talking about it like a game . 
  saying that if your team is losing because conditions have changed , it 's clever to change your strategy to do better with the new conditions . 
  so if our short term economy is really shitty in x way , then we may have to change our economic model in y way . 
  genuinely the words he 's using are n't shifting the blame . 
  seriously what blame is there to shift ? 
  we 're choosing to leave , you are n't kicking us out . 
  depends what you define as great really . 
  any deal is great if we dont have a deal with the eu . 
  i really do n't think my analogy reflects what i think about the long term to be honest . 
  i voted remain , but i 'm respecting my countries decision . 
  what long term effects are you talking about to be clear ? 
  the uk can very much continue to be a friend of the eu , and also countries outside of the eu . 
  we do n't need to go down the long term route of merging into a single state to be safe . 
  i think that if two people are friends , one wants to go swimming , the other wants to go jogging , then they should both go and do what they wan na do . 
  uk asked the eu if they would come jogging but the eu wanted to go swimming , so now the uk 's leaving the eu so that they can both do what they want to do . 
  thats good for us both , i do n't know why you have to be so bitter about it . 
  we wanted , we asked , you didnt want , so we said okay then and now we 're leaving , what 's wrong with that ? 
  yes we are entitled to do what we want to do , as are you . 
  thank god haha . 
  do n't be stupid man , those conditions are their principles . 
  they 're trying to form a country , they could n't carry on treating the uk as a favourite child and letting us get away with everything . 
  the eu and uk just were n't compatible , it 's nobodies fault . 
  they have different values and goals to us . 
  here 's the uk 's trade deficit with some european countries right now ; germany : - us$ 46.1 billion , netherlands : - $ 20.3 billion , norway : - $ 14.1 billion , belgium : - $ 13.5 billion , italy : - $ 11.2 billion , france : - $ 9.1 billion , spain : - $ 8.2 billion is n't positive for the uk in some of the largest traders in the eu right ? 
  so if trade tariffs are implemented , then that would mean that buying and selling has an x % tax , meaning for each sale the uk would make x % more money and for each buy the uk would use x % more money . 
  so since the uk is buying a lot more off of these european countries , a trade tariff would make the uk gain money . 
  so the uk would be better off than it is of right now because it would be making profit from the trade tariff . 
  yeah sorry , i know she probably * would * bluff , i meant to say that i do n't think she is . 
  i do n't think the eu will budge either though . 
  i foresee a very small eu deal , probably just stuff maintaining relationships that we do n't consider a relationship with the eu . 
  i 'd guess there 'll be some stuff to do with borders between ireland and northern ireland , stuff to do with ocean territory and cailais . 
  i do n't think we 'll have the deal with the market , and i think tm 's probably going to end up laying down some vetting for eu migration . 
  i guess the eu will choose how they want to treat british immigrants . 
  i think she wo n't support the membership because of what shes been saying , the `` brexit means brexit '' stuff . 
  what i 've picked up is that she essentially means no eu , no single market . 
  from what i heard in the pre-vote stuff , the german economy is quite reliant on british trade . 
  obviously the german economy is quite a crucial part of the eu 's . 
  leavers were arguing that we would n't have big trade tariffs because of this ( since trade tariffs go both ways and because their purpose is somewhat redundant in this day of age ) . 
  edit : just googled about german trade with the uk , found the [ uk 's trade deficits ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/united-kingdoms-top-import-partners/ ) . 
  germany : - us$ 46.1 billion , netherlands : - $ 20.3 billion , norway : - $ 14.1 billion , belgium : - $ 13.5 billion , italy : - $ 11.2 billion , france : - $ 9.1 billion so from that you can see that the eu makes a lot more money off of the uk than the uk makes off of the eu . 
  so without single market membership , the uk can still trade with these eu countries , but trade tariffs are introduced . 
  so unless these countries found someone else to trade with , the uk will actually come out of it better off . 
  hence why german companies want the uk to have single market access . 
  oh dear , you do n't understand what democracy is . 
  i 'll help teach you . 
  democracy in it 's core , is where the population of a country chooses what happens to the country . 
  if the population of a country is happy , then the democracy of that country is succeeding . 
  therefore , in political context for a democratic country , something is a `` stupid mistake '' when the population is unhappy with it . 
  i hope that helps xx i dont think the eu are bloodsucking vampires , but i 'm sure they 'd love to suck some of the uk 's money if they got an opportunity to . 
  is n't that what a `` trade union '' ( lol ) is all about ? 
  making profits ? 
  i mean they 're gon na start to run out once the uk has left right ? 
  bless him . 
  he seems to be getting a little hot headed in his last few comments . 
  but that is n't what i said . 
  i said : `` the uk is trying to get a fair deal that is good for both parties . 
  the eu is trying to maintain its integrity so that other member states do n't try to escape from their chains . '', 
  try again . 
  why was n't the eec a stupid mistake ? 
  if the british people were happy with it then we would n't be leaving , and if we are n't happy with it then it was clearly a mistake . 
  he 's only earned a 3/8 from me so far . 
  curious and slightly irritated that i ca n't get sense out of this one guy that i keep having to reply to , but not angry or irrational at all yet, 
  how would you have phrased it ? 
  btw , just to clarify , i dont see the uk as a victim at all . 
  we got ourselves into this stupid mess by joining the eec and then pussyfooting around when it started to change from a trade union into a political union . 
  in the negotiations we still are n't victims , but we do need to defend ourselves . 
  what am i saying that makes the uk look like a victim ? 
  i find it really interesting how young some countries are . 
  must be strange being in history class at school and you 're taught about all of the different civilisations that controlled your country over time . 
  with britain it was just sorta . 
  tribal people , romans came and showed them how to be civilised , romans left , brits learn how to be civilised for themselves and fend off pirates , game of thrones happens between loads of kings from different parts of the island , england wales and scotland are born , they all get married and the uk is born . 
  what happened ? 
  what 're you onabout ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  two parties bargaining , if one will go to any length to get what it wants then the other will walk all over them . 
  therefore , theresa may saying `` we 're prepared to leave the single market '' stops the eu from having as much pull in the deal . 
  its just a fact of how these things work , there 's nothing wrong with what i said . 
  yeah but if you want the ai to consistently stay on whilst it 's doing it 's job ( presumably something that would be unsafe to stop in the middle of ) then you ca n't have stuff like killswitches . 
  it would be in better interest to write legislation to ensure that probability of error is very very low . 
  usually you can just add back up systems , if the probability of one being down within a year is 10 % then the probability that both will be down is 1 % , it scales up fast is what i 'm saying . 
  rather than saying , `` ai must have a killswitch '' they should be saying something along the lines of `` it must be proven that the ai 's probability of error between repairs is < 0.001 % '', 
  3 years, 
  i really doubt she would bluff , she is n't going to let the eu rape us just for the sake of technically ` leaving the eu ' . 
  [ i bet it was this girl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzo9jgsscmq ), 
  i do agree with this . 
  the uk is trying to get a fair deal that is good for both parties . 
  the eu is trying to maintain its integrity so that other member states do n't try to escape from their chains . 
  more like `` we are n't going to let you rape us '', 
  it would be idiotic for the eu too though . 
  but it is genuinely an obvious bluff .
