  we have to say we 're heading for the hardest of brexits when approaching the negotiating table , why do n't people understand this ? 
  an accurate impression, 
  much needed political and cultural change for scotland and northern ireland hahaha . 
  you make me sick . 
  id like to see some stuff that we actually paid for that benefitted us . 
  we give # 20 to the eu , the eu gives # 3 to wales ect . 
  but the eu is some organisation far far away , the uk public and eu were not synchronised with each other at all , the only things that we seem to agree on are things that you expect every country to agree on and stuff that is beneficial to the both of us . 
  we are n't going to be rejoining the eu do n't worry . 
  i 'm sure we 'll pay money we owe and pay for the stuff that we will still reap the benefits for ( for example research ) . 
  whats the difference between options 2 and 3 except that 3 sounds a bit meaner ? 
  i was only joking d' : i have irish family edit : just googled what krauts means haha . 
  do n't give me `` i think ** you ** have created enough misery in ireland '' when as a german you know perfectly well that the past 100 years history of my country does n't have shit to do with me . 
  i was thinking we start by grabbing that big chunk of ireland we 're missing, 
  totally agree . 
  we had to make immigration rules strict for the rest of the world since we werent allowed immigration rules with the eu . 
  we oughta get some sort of free trade free movement deal going with you guys and the aussies eh ? 
  how come ? 
  us brits so stoopid , we ai n't never done nuthin for the world eh ? 
  get on with it then, 
  i admit i still ca n't understand the reasons for the referendum to begin with okay . 
  so our crappy government kept blaming things being the way they are on the eu . 
  if a law was bad , it was the eu 's fault , they became the scapegoat for the government . 
  meanwhile the racist right wing newspapers were blaming the eu for all these brown foreigners we keep getting ( i personally still do n't understand that one ) . 
  bullshit lies yes , did the majority of the public know this ? 
  probably yes . 
  but it made the public of the uk read between the lines and realise that we do not have full control over our own laws and country . 
  people were unhappy with labour , unhappy with the tories , unhappy with the lib dems , ukip started gaining in popularity and stole a load of right wing votes off of the tories . 
  it ended up with us having a hung parliament . 
  in this time , the tories and lib dems took even bigger losses in popularity and basically got fuck all done , fucked up a load of shit and blamed each other and the eu for it . 
  the next election comes around , ukip are even more popular and predictions of polls were saying that we were gon na end up with another hung parliament . 
  so conservatives have this bright idea `` hey !, 
  lets offer an eu referendum to steal right wing votes back off of ukip '' tories win election . 
  eu referendum happens . 
  public takes out its anger on the first political entity it can find which happens to be the foreign beurocrats from across the channel that have nothing to do with us yet have the biggest say in our laws for some reason . 
  here we are . 
  the quids actually up against the dollar and euro today . 
  i thought everytime tm mentioned brexit it dropped , is this the lowest it can reasonably get or is the rest of the world starting to see it differently ? 
  some did yeah . 
  i 'm from england and i 've got friends and relatives in northern ireland and ireland . 
  i do n't see how a border with ireland could ever work , i 'd imagine we 'll maintain some kind of free movement and free trade exclusively with ireland if the eu gives us permission to . 
  i 'm 23 and from the uk . 
  i think my generation is pretty ignorant and naive to be honest . 
  they were fed news and opinions from social media rather than newspapers , this lead pretty much everyone my age that i spoke to to vote to remain , their reasoning being that they do not have a problem with immigration . 
  they did n't consider the other issues and just treated it as a moral vote . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that the majority of young people saw the eu referendum as `` are you racist ? 
  yes ( leave ) no ( remain ) '' . 
  i had no problems with immigration , did have a problem with the sovereignty side ( also the future of that sovereignty with the rest of the eu seeming to want to form a country ) , and saw the economy part as gamble or play safe . 
  was on the fence but thought that eventually we needed to leave so voted leave . 
  i dont know if you 're in this subreddit very often , but europe want to creat a united states of europe . 
  we do n't want to be in that so we had to leave eventually . 
  i would choose to brexit again based off of lawmaking , democracy is important to me and it had to happen eventually anyway . 
  because we would have had concrete blocks tied around our ankles . 
  we all know it so why ca n't we do anything about it ? 
  where the fuck is the opposition ? 
  for serious , its for their own financial gain , but fucking with the nhs is the largest driving force making people want the tories gone at the moment . 
  labours completely collapsed , so the tories currently have no competition and can do whatever they want . 
  it makes sense if you 're a member of parliament with your hand in the money jar, 
  shh no we do n't , we 're trying to maintain a rivalry here . 
  the eu dont give free movement , the eu want free movement , so we 'd be giving it to them . 
  and i didnt say without getting anything in return , i said the nicest deal , not the best possible one that exists but the best one that they offer . 
  besides , by figures a trade deal between the uk and eu is more beneficial to the eu than the uk , so that 'd be giving them something too ? 
  i do n't understand your logic unless that logic is spite ? 
  i totally agree . 
  the eu uk relationship was holding back both countries . 
  we 're both better off without each other . 
  true but the uk has to accept all eu citizens regardless of whatever . 
  so when germany gives eu citizenship to syrians the uk then has to accept that syrian into the country , so it effectively makes the fact that the uk is n't in schengen meaningless . 
  i think its a nice idea but then the problem with that is that it ties the governments hands in negotiations . 
  say the result was `` yes free trade , no free movement , keep the pound '' . 
  tm then goes into the negotiations with the eu after a very public result , ans says `` yes free trade , no free movement , keep the pound '' . 
  the eu then says `` okay pay us your entire economy and that 's a deal '' , tm says `` no '' eu says `` no deal then '' , but tm has to keep fighting the negotiation until she gets the result that everyone voted for , so obviously the eu can just keep offering abusively bad deals for the uk until she eventually folds and says yes . 
  richard . 
  i do n't care about the economy , i do n't even care about immigration , i still voted to leave . 
  the smaller the region that a democracy governs over the more effective and the more democratic the democracy is . 
  we do n't fit into a united states of europe , we do n't want to be in a united states of europe , and the rest of europe doesnt seem to want us in a united states of europe . 
  that 's innevitably going to happen at some point , so the sooner we leave the easier the process will be both for us and for the eu too . 
  yeah our economy 's going to take a hit over the short term , it could go either way long term . 
  we can change our immigration policy to however we feel is needed . 
  for now and the future we have full control over our own laws now though , we could even choose to carry on adopting eu laws if we wanted !, 
  if i had it my way , we 'd leave the eu , allow free movement of people with the eu , take the nicest trade deal the eu offers us , and then just fuckin get on with our lives , can we just do that please ? 
  it does n't need to be this messy . 
  we dont have control of our laws back yet . 
  ^ ( and northern ireland too ! ), 
  he did n't i do n't think , he attacked unarmed ones and then some armed ones came to take him down . 
  the queen 's guard carry guns around london and there 's also mi5 headquarters . 
  the cunt was just committing suicide really , there was no way he was getting out of that situation alive . 
  if i 'm honest i think it 's probably just one nutjob , i doubt there 's much planning or semantics behind what he did . 
  brainwashed idiot having a midlife crisis , instead of committing suicide like a normal person he was sick enough to take a load of people with him . 
  ireland and the uk are mates and we both hate the daily mail , we do n't need no reconciliation . 
  it 's weird being an english person , watching this knowing that you can only speak english . 
  i guess everyone has access to the `` english soul '' and most of us english have access to no other . 
  i listen to a lot of spanish songs and i always google translate what they 're saying , but i know that there 's no point now in me learning spanish and that it 's very unlikely that i 'll ever regret not learning it . 
  i 'm 23 at uni , probably gon na be too busy for the rest of my life to learn a language for the sake of it . 
  plus i have dyslexia and adhd so it 'd be a fucking challenge if i ever did decide to . 
  just from how they seem to present themselves as well as their opinioms on globalisation and immigration . 
  trying to explain my impression makes me realise it was a pretty illogical one though to be fair . 
  i know they are n't anywhere as near as left wing as the uk despite their vocality about immigration ans how nice the eu is . 
  there never has been in the uk as far as i know . 
  i 've never met one in my life so i think theyrr prrtty uncommon and therefore unlikely to end up in parliament, 
  i 'm 23 and would like a big family haha , any pointers ?
