   how can you be racily british ? 
  12,000 years of being separate from mainland europe edit : race is a pretty loose definition , the longer the separation between populations the more genetic difference and the easier for scientists to classify the different races . 
  i 'm from the middle of britain and got my dna mapped , [ can see it here if you find it interesting ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uoud7er.png ), 
  i know it makes no sense but it 's the truth https://yougov.co.uk/news/2017/06/13/how-britain-voted-2017-general-election/ unemployed was the only group of workers to vote conservatives over labour and if you were over 47 you were more likely to vote conservative than labour . 
  i said yesterday that i can smell riots brewing across the country . 
  everyone hates everyone and the only demographic that trusts the government are retired old biddies with dementia . 
  out of interest when you say briton , you mean racially british ? 
  never heard people use the term before except for the romans and random people on this sub over the last week . 
  it 's quite telling that people are starting to need a word to be able to differentiate between the racially british british and the other british . 
  sad times . 
   wait for the facts my fellow europeans . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  brits are n't european . 
  seriously though why try to band people together with race ? 
  it seems to be the total opposite sentiment to what you 're actually preaching in your comment ? 
  will be interesting to see how the sun and daily mail react, 
  * brown british, 
  chaos is in our blood, 
  i can smell riots brewing in the streets . 
  [ i feel like this just says it all . 
  ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/2017-06-13/employment-01.png ) fuck the tories , fuck theresa may , fuck the daily mail . 
   meanwhile , the labour leader himself sought to advance his class-war agenda ... 
  if only we could actually get away with having a class war in this day of age . 
  if it were still the 1800s we could close all the ports , kill all the rich people , redistribute the wealth , put all the daily mail and sun writers on crosses , and then open up the ports and carry on as normal . 
  `` the home secretary is ** responsible for the internal affairs of england and wales ** and for immigration and citizenship for the united kingdom . '', 
  [ maybe this is an ellaborate scheme and the german government actually has shares and dark alterior motives in the fidget spinner industry ? 
  it 's so sad , they were supposed to be for kids with adhd , autism and stuff like that, 
  yeah i agree mostly , my original comment was about the present though to be fair . 
  i think we need to continue and with moderation . 
  there 's no point blowing loads of money on solar panels all at once when they 'll be so much better in 10 years like you say , we just need to keep funding the improvements and build them when and where they 're necessary . 
  there * are * advantages to non-renewable , we need to play to those advantages - we should n't be filling fields with solar panels and wind power , we should be putting them on top of buildings and in the ocean . 
  i 'm not really dissing them just pointing out that they do n't generate much electricity . 
  obviously a good thing about solar panels is that you can just dump them where you feel like it . 
  shove them on top of houses and buildings and stuff . 
  but with wind and solar you ca n't choose when to generate . 
  with hydropower we can make up for deficits in electric for x hour by just letting the water flow , but if it 's not windy or sunny and you need more power then you ca n't just change the weather accordingly . 
  national grids do n't store power in a big battery , it has to be created as it is needed . 
  if you had an x by x plot of land and filled it with solar panels it would generate a hell of a lot less electricity than if you 'd have filled it with a coal power plant , and you ca n't even choose when you need the electricity with solar or wind . 
  hydropower generates a lot of power and is controllable but they 're just awkward to make . 
  english is n't m strong point and i 'm hungover but hope i got my point across . 
  i 'm not a physicist haha . 
  in sunlight all i care about is how many of dem photons are hitting the cells . 
  are you one ? 
  go ahead and take over if you want , i 'm hungover and making food, 
  for my disertation i designed a pixel for a light modulated camera which is basically a camera that measures only light waves . 
  light contains fuck all energy . 
  if you had a solar panel that was 100 % efficient ( which breaks the laws of physics ) it still wouldnt generate as much electricity as a truck of coal, 
   well , the one that comes up with a solution to the problems of green energy will be rich . 
  the problem is that it 's a crap way to make energy . 
  we know about nuclear fission but we 're purposely avoiding using it so that we can generate power from sunlight instead - thats the same way that flowers get their energy . 
  the technology will never be better because sunlight only contains a small amount of energy . 
  when it comes to wind power , same problem . 
  trying to spin a generator with natural wind vs trying to spin a generator with nuclear fission , it will always be worse . 
  green energy will only be the future if we make it the future or if we run out of non renenwables . 
  ee engineer here . 
  renewable energy generation ( with the exception of hydropower ) is very very poor in this day of age compared to all alternatives . 
  it does help to save the planet but yes it is a huge waste of money ans definitely hurts our industry . 
   how would you go about enforcing that ? 
  increasing tariffs for goods that use or was made using non-renewables seems like a pretty fair way to enforce it to me, 
  wait this includes countries outside the eu ? 
  the eu takes ages doing everything, 
  it 's almost like we never wanted to be a part of it !, 
   why would n't they ? 
  because dieing from old age is a pretty insignificant statistic , everyone has to die as some point, 
  bang on the money sir, 
  belgium and germany according to this sub i think, 
  europe gangs up and spreads lies about everyone who does n't agree with them man . 
  ignore these guys , who gives a fuck what they think . 
  the uk has a higher death rate than the us ? 
  are they counting death from old age or something ? 
  [ russia 's about to have a nervous breakdown , her head really hurts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=302oezspcqe&amp;app=desktop ), 
  wait is this for real ? 
  beautiful, 
  i 'm a bit suprised france didnt get the surrender flag, 
  why 've snp lost seats as mps and why are yougov polls saying that less people want a referendum then ? 
  if someone starts a petition for max voting age in the uk let me know and i 'll sign that shit straight away, 
  because its the governments job to protect people with laws . 
  if you 're poor and have no choice but to live in a shitty tower building with poor fire safety , then you 're gon na live there . 
  people were complaining for years and the tories ( with theresa may as the home secretary ) did nothing about it . 
  funding people to do checks on the safety of buildings and to check that landlords are following the law is the governments job . 
  people have a right to be angry and the government are the ones to be blamed . 
  edit : http://www.frmjournal.com/news/news_detail.government-endangering-tower-blocks-by-delaying-fire-safety-regulations-review.html#.wucr7qm-nkk.twitter, 
  it is already law yes, 
  it 's uk law too yes, 
  why do you want scotland to prove that they want to stay again ? 
  are these encryprion laws going to be enacted immediately ? 
  do i need to get my online bank account closed , do i need to change bank accounts so that websites like paypal do n't accidentally expose me ? 
  corbyn would 've reintoduced bursaries for nurses , tried to stay in the eea and made university free again . 
  nice one guys , looks like we 're not gon na have any nurses . 
  i want midlands to have its own parliament , our population 's bigger than wales scotland and ni so why not right ? 
  most people in the uk have family all over the uk and all referendums thus far have kept us together , why do you want us to divide ? 
  i wish they would title it `` theresa may attempted to block ... '' we did n't vote her in the first place and now we have voted she does n't have a majority anymore , so we can safely say that she does n't represent the uk . 
  it says `` the uploader has not made this video available in your country '', 
  strong and stable, 
  david david david davis please, 
  what a fucking idiot, 
  have we really got to deal with this bitch for another 5 years ? 
  i almost forgot about that , thanks for reminding me, 
  because labour and conservatives are the opposite to one another . 
  like literally almost the opposite .
