  dude you do n't understand what opinion means . 
  you ca n't have an opinion on something where a fact is a available . 
  `` a square has 4 equal magnitude sides '' - fact `` a square has 3 sides '' - not an opinion , is just an incorrect fact or false, 
  `` you 'd be a good football player in midfield '' - fact with no evidence ( could be wrong ) `` i prefer playing in defence '' - opinion ( can not be wrong as it is a fact of his own personal preference ) you could go into an alternative dimension that is exactly the same except the guy plays in midfield and prove the guy is a better player and it still would n't make the opinion incorrect as that breaks the very definition of what an opinion is . 
  dude , opinions ca n't be wrong , an opinion is a personal judgement or view , they can change but unless someone is lieing about what their opinion is , it can not be wrong . 
  opinions are a fact of what the persons view or belief is . 
  if i were to say , `` in my opinion salt and vinegar crisps are the best '' . 
  you could never say that that opinion is wrong , you could only make your own opinion like `` i think that ready salted crisps are the best '' , or you could provide a fact like `` ready salted crisps sell more than any other flavour '' . 
  opinions ca n't be wrong by their definition . 
  if you do n't agree with someones opinion you either provide facts to help them change it , or present your own opinion to see if they like that one better . 
  i 'm not in an echo chamber . 
  i started off remain , all my friends voted remain and in the end i went leave because i disagreed with long term political integration , * in my opinion * the more local a government is , the better . 
  [ just imagining spain like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki1a4fgk9v8 ), 
  what a load of bollocks, 
  we like to whine about everything , do n't take the guy seriously . 
  i have a friend and a cousin who 're training to be teachers , i have 3 ex-teachers in my family . 
  its good pay , with good holidays and good pension . 
  the reason our number is low is cause we have huge inequality of wealth , the teachers arent billionaires living in london so their number is low . 
  also if you 're a better teacher you can work for a private school which pays more money instead which i guess isnt included in this . 
  7-11 here, 
  but thats exactly my point , an opinion can not be wrong , otherwise it would be a fact . 
  i 'm not being a dick , but it makes me wonder if german has a word for opinion ? 
  that would genuinely explain everything that seems culturally strange about them to me . 
  i do n't like the way the eu is run and i think democracy is really important . 
  i 'm sick of people who have nothing to do with us sticking their head in and saying stupid shit . 
  if its a no to reforms , i assume that means the other 27 or majority of the 27 are happy with the eu ? 
  if everyone but the uk was happy with the eu then it was for sure correct for us to leave . 
  why doesnt the us have a prime minister ? 
  is your president technically a prime minister as well as a president ? 
  i 've never really got how it works and it does n't help that you guys always change our words . 
  doesnt he know how much of a cunt and how ignorant and stupid people sound when they say `` your opinion is incorrect '' . 
  he says at one point something like `` in this day of age , a european country can not be heard worldwide without the european union '' . 
  the uk , france and russia are permanent members of the un security council you fat idiot . 
  uk has 5th biggest economy in the world . 
  why would people listen to the faceless unelected eu but not listen to the uk ? 
  besides , now we 've voted brexit and triggered article 50 , can you still not see that we werent being heard by the eu ? 
  are you seriously so out of touch that you can not see that and can not understand why we left ? 
  the uk and eu are very different . 
  we do n't care about the same fucking stuff you care about german president , we do n't have ths same opinions as the eu either . 
  saying that our opinion is wrong is an incredibly stupid thing to say . 
  we 're gon na do things our own way now , that is part of the point in having a democracy in the first place you know ? 
  national motto ? 
  i do n't have the words to form an explanation of how stupid i think that that is . 
  they had black lights on for germany all over the uk, 
  we should be uniting against terrorism :( why are our governments never in touch with the public ? 
  i 'm an under 25 , university student , green voter and decided to vote brexit in the end . 
  i was on the fence for ages , but i think local governments important . 
  that and we do n't want to be in the united states of europe anyway . 
  oooh fair enough . 
  i 'm sure youve heard it a million times , but london is nothing like the rest of the uk . 
  i 'm from the midlands in england and we think londoners are miserable fuckers too . 
  haha okay thanks man seriously though , out of interest what do you think of british people now ? 
  do you have jagerbombs and voddy vimtos in murica ? 
  it doesnt disregard what i was saying , and i think the majority of the uks payment goes towards research , if they arent hitting the target then why ca n't they spend the remainder on research ? 
  it 'd create jobs at the very least . 
  to which we aspire ? 
  yuck no we do n't . 
  i think we 're quite classy compared to americans tbf, 
  its just to show that you 're dedicated and making the effort without relying 100 % on the us and other countries who pay their share !, 
  if that number was n't reasonable then you should n't have agreed to that number and signed up . 
  all not paying it does is shows that you 're country is untrustworthy and does n't keep its promises . 
  yeah if a country thats paying 0.2 % instead of the 2 % , are they technically a member of nato ? 
  should we all step in and help them when they ca n't even follow through with a simple agreement to make us all safer ? 
  thats why you need to pay it , theres no trust if you are n't making an effort . 
  the majority of people in gibraltar are british or british descended though , and they voted to remain part of the uk much higher than scotland did . 
  not our wives son , more like our ex-wife and our son . 
  why not just get your shit together over nato then . 
  nato membership does n't ask for an unreasonable amount of money , it 's a percentage of the member countries gdp . 
  eccentric britain, 
  cause we 're a wealthy country , can afford the luxury of going to pubs and therefore lose more than we get from being in the eu ? 
  i live in a town of 15000 . 
  theres 24 pubs off of the top of my head , probably missed quite a few to be fair . 
  when we 're driving through town or something my dad constantly talks about closed down pubs that he misses , lots got shut down in the credit crunch . 
  dark times :(, 
  yeah theres more than that in notts for sure, 
  [ what a complicated question !, 
  looks like you need a complicated response !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ), 
  y' bloody wor m ` duck . 
  3 quid a carlin up ere boiii, 
  im proud of my slightly darker red strip in the middle . 
  fuck you london , we 're gon na overtake you one day !, 
  red lion ? 
  unity boys !, 
  love you russia < 3, 
  actually without the long story , the comment hit close to home with me cause of a friend i have who has s.a.d. 
  i want to shake the guy who i replied to and tell him to take control of his life . 
  dunno but mines [ shaw ] ( https://www.houseofnames.com/shaw-family-crest ) , apparently it comes from a word that meant wolf in gaelic, 
  [ this thing ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/26/common_face_of_one_euro_coin.jpg ) isnt that just europe rather than the eu ? 
  norway are on it ? 
  well we 'd have to follow eu regulations to sell to the eu , but when selling a product outside the eu we 'll have to follow that other countries regulations, 
  whats the current euro look like ? 
  just get up and move if thats what you want to do you pussy . 
  yeah obviously , anyone selling to anyone has to follow that countries regulations . 
  you 'll also have to start following ours as they slowly become different . 
  talking about tariffs though , if france and germany both put a tariff on the uk , and the uk replies with an equal tariff . 
  because of the net direction of the cash it ends up with the uk making a profit out of those tariffs . 
  my surname 's pictish, 
  it 's so easy to make jokes about germany but i choose not to,
