  they live in a shithole and they just voted because they wanted change . 
  i think they thought that since they did n't have anything , they also had nothing to lose . 
  i love scotland and the scottish but you shouldda left while you had the chance . 
  mmm , i do n't know what bild is but from the way you 're using your language it 's pretty obvious that you 're trying to come up with an excuse to dislike us . 
  ( pretty ironic really when you think about it , since it 's probably crimes like that that make you dislike these right wing newspapers in the first place ) if you do n't like us cause you just do n't it 's cool do n't worry about it . 
  thats a shame , everyone over here that i 've spoken to really likes germans , and from what i 've seen it 's only our older generations who read shit like that . 
  would make the point that the sun is american owned , so survives because rupert murdoch manages to keep his business ' going , but does n't seem like there 's much point arguing over it if you 've already made your mind up over an entire country over such a trivial thing . 
  have n't you guys got shitty media ? 
  awww thanks babe !, 
  is it a positive opinion ? 
  no everyone did know that . 
  the majority of leavers that i spoke to were voting to leave for various vague things along the lines of `` the uk and eu are n't compatible long term '' , they knew the uk had a good deal , they just did n't care . 
  i think the whole reason the uk had such a good deal was because the uk and eu were never really compatible . 
  i agree so much with your comment . 
  the uk and eu just are n't compatible with each other at all , we really need to end this relationship asap . 
  its true everywhere in england , not just london . 
  that was really interesting thanks, 
  anyone from denmark lend me a couple of quid please ? 
  okay thanks , so they do n't have any competition in any way in claiming heritage sites ? 
  where can i get one ? 
  whats unesco ? 
  the guy who made the map view wanted to keep that off of it for some reason . 
  [ here 's the full table of results . 
  [ lithuanians are 94 % comfortable with white person and 95 % comfortable with christians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qcngdxb.png ), 
  [ table view from the source ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qcngdxb.png ) also includes ; white , roma , christian , atheist , buddhist, 
  [ table view from the source ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qcngdxb.png ) also includes ; white , roma , christian , atheist , buddhist, 
  i was reading it the opposite way around and was very confused, 
  the north south divide in the uk is more diagonal than that, 
  nuva = another . 
  = get another i 'm from between derby and nottingham , so right in the middle of the midlands where they got most of the this is england cast from . 
  the british egg industry council is an age old well respected organisation with the british peoples ' best interests at heart , how could you insinuate they would be so shady !, 
  that 0.001 between uk and ireland, 
  well they 're clearly already caught if this bloke the bbc is in contact with has them all on watch, 
  why are they doing it in the uk ? 
  would n't it be safer in a country where there is n't cameras on every corner with the police listening to your every phonecall ? 
  are they just stupid ? 
   * calls the irish * and scottish * `` english scum '' . 
  ftfy, 
  [ my map was better js ] ( https://i.redd.it/fppe6c749bty.png ), 
  [ fixed it for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qbqj3v1.png ), 
  uk 's kinda weird cause geographically it 's on it 's own with ireland , but probably best described as northern . 
  genetically distinct but probably closest to northern europe - blue eyes and ginger hair . 
  but then culturally a leader for western europe - lots of inventions , art , music , law systems and shit like that that are now considered western . 
  i mean the us is called western because of their relationship with and cultural influence that came from the uk right ? 
  yeah that 's how i view it too , even the slight tint on the uk being northern . 
  `` what you in for ? '', 
  `` smuggling cheese across the border '', 
   and he got sued for racism ? 
  no he got away with it , that was what the woman tried to do though yeah, 
  you 're a cunt . 
  he was born cypriat and acquired a british citizenship . 
  not born british . 
  can we get this title edited since it isnt a british textile company and the texile company owner isnt british either ? 
  we do n't want him . 
  i thought he was born cypriat but aquired british citizenship ? 
  he 'd be fired in the uk . 
  my dad 's a manager and had to go to court because he turned down a dinner invitation from a pakistani employee he had , so she took him to court for racism . 
  he was innocent obviously , so didnt lose his job , but if he was n't then he wouldve lost his job , been fined and the company would 've been fined too . 
  you 're just as bad as the bloke in the video if you 're gon na judge all western europeans by the actions of one cunt, 
  the people in the youtube comments are saying he 's cypriat . 
  he sounds english to me though yeah . 
  speaking of fathers day presents , you guys up for setting up a mutually prosperous free trade deal with free movement of people and shit ? 
  yes canada what you sayin, 
  awwwh i meant the seven years war, 
  honestly with canada , australia and new zealand are in the top 5 , i do n't care how the uk does , already feel like a winner . 
  we should have a 100 year long war to decide who 's better . 
  oh wait shit , we already did and the uk is better . 
  we 're way higher than you both . 
   cultural thing polite way of saying ; gettin shitfaced on a park off a bottle of strongbow aged 14 n not bein able to afford the contraception pill the next day so you just think fuck it n gerra nuva bottle of strongbow, 
  your question seems like it 's written sarcastically as if the answer is obvious but i 'm oblivious to what the answer might be, 
  ireland are below us and they do n't even use condoms, 
  fully expected scotland to be at the top, 
  they downvote anyone who dares not to follow the crowd in europe mate . 
   my best friends are all women too do you think any of your friends have been repressed jobs wise out of interest ? 
   and they still go on thinking `` but we 're not good for it '' , it drives me up the wall  . < yeah i have a lot of friends and family like that , it 's really frustrating , i just want to slap them and tell them that they 're good enough to do whatever they want haha  the bad news is that it 'll take some time until men do n't feel awkward explaining that they 're male nurses ( and the opposite examples ) . 
  pshhhh , croatia needs a big punk movement if that 's the case . 
  fuck what all the old people think . 
  [ `` be exactly who you want to be , do what you want to do '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yidcdl64kce ), 
  i do n't really disagree with much that you 're saying . 
  i do n't think there are many areas where men are biologically better at a task than women , or vice versa . 
  i think that most of the differences are more to do with men and women choosing different things , not because they are n't as good but because they have different wants and needs . 
  using the examples in the original post . 
  education and health , they 're both very caring and sociable jobs . 
  i 'm a guy and i am pretty caring and sociable compared to most men i think , but on average i think women are a lot more caring and sociable than men . 
  so with these areas i think that the reason there is a lot more women than men is because there are more caring women than there are caring men . 
  i think a lot more women choose to go into education because they are choosing fuzzy feeling over money , i do n't think it 's because of gender inequality . 
   counter example : house cleaning . 
  now , in this case , i definitely know that men are just as good at that as women are yeah i agree , my dad does all the cooking and cleaning haha . 
   and during those days , men considered `` women 's brains to be inferior when it comes to , you know , serious logical thinking '' , i do n't know . 
  these days i think it 's accepted that men are dumber . 
  we grow angrier , dumber and grumpier the older we get whereas women seem to remain pretty stable . 
   if you 're a man who likes nursing people , do that . 
  if you 're a woman who likes coding , do that . 
  i know both of those people and i honestly think that that is how it is these days . 
  maybe it * is * different where you live . 
   i feel that you 're intentionally taking this argument to absurd levels to invalidate it . 
  i think in terms of psychology that the nurture argument is usually absurd in itself . 
  did the kids you knew in school who had divorced parents grow up to be a wreck in relationships ? 
  did the ones who got beat by their parents grow up to be serial killers ? 
  no they did n't , it 's just a lazy excuse by lazy psychologists .
