  i dont think so right why did he say this if his reforms are gon na be more federalisation ? 
  `` but at the same time we have to face the situation , to listen to our people , and to listen to the fact that they are extremely angry today , impatient and the dysfunction of the eu is no more sustainable . '', 
  doing exactly what david cameron did !, 
  uk elections , looking like we 're gon na end up with a hung parliament again . 
  david cameron says `` eu reforms or brexit referendum '' , all the ukip voters swap to conservative . 
  conservatives win . 
  eu refuses to reform . 
  blue sky in scotland ? 
  what a load of rubbish , we all know that white people are actually descended from martians and that the illuminati are actually funding nasa so that we can eventually be taken back home, 
  because the article is about investments in the uk * after * brexit was announced . 
  investments are all about the future , if you think that in the future an investment will not make you gain money then that is a bad investment . 
  if google did n't think that the uk would be economically strong after brexit then i doubt that they would have invested in the uk after brexit . 
  you 're quoting about the height of investment before the brexit vote . 
  the graph starts after what you 're quoting if you read the article properly . 
  and besides , that would n't imply that the uk is less profitable anyway . 
  if an italian company takes over a company in britain , they 're still buying a factory in britain . 
  they still think that that factory is a desirable investment ( which is the point of the article ) . 
   how does the brexit lead to a better investment climate in the uk ? 
  the uk does n't have to rely on the eu for making trade deals . 
  the uk can make trade deals with countries as it needs to , and when it needs to ( which it will be doing a lot of as it will be looking to recover its economy after brexit ) . 
  the uk now has control over its own trading regulations and laws , these can be relaxed and tightened as needed . 
  the uk now has control over its immigration policy , it no longer has to restrict immigration from outside the eu to keep the total number down , this means more skilled workers . 
  the uk still has london , the eu no longer has london . 
  to sum it up , the uk and the greedy tories now have full control over trade in the uk . 
  but at the end of the day i think all above is besides the point . 
  the article is simple here to prove that the uk is not less desirable because of brexit . 
  it is n't saying that the uk is now better than the eu , it is saying that it is n't worse off than the eu like some people claim . 
  love it hahaha, 
  do n't be a prick, 
  `` but brexit has n't happened yet '', 
  the strongest arguments for brexit were to do with freedoms really . 
  after leaving and stuff has stabilised , if the uk were the elect a good government , then that good government would have the freedom to make trade deals with any country rather than wait on the eu , would have the freedom to do whatever is needed with immigration policy , and importantly will not be held down by eu laws or further eu integration . 
  the same applies to good business people in the uk , they would n't have to follow eu regulations except when trading with the eu , they would be able to follow different regulations for other countries . 
  if our gov thinks regulations are too loose from other countries , we can add our own regulations , if we think some of the eu 's were too strict , we can remove them and our business 's have more freedom . 
  really brexit is a blank canvas for the uk , and many people in the uk wanted change . 
  if we still want to have freedom of movement with europe , we can still have that , if we want to have equal rights for all immigrants , we can now do that and do n't have to give special treatment to europeans . 
  if we still want to follow eu laws and regulations , we still can , if we do n't , we do n't have to . 
  i personally do n't think that scotland will leave , but think that northern ireland probably will ( and i do n't blame them ) unless we can get a good mutually beneficial deal with ireland , which the eu is essentially in control of meaning it comes down to whether the eu wants to punish the uk and ireland . 
  if we did n't have theresa may in we could have probably ended up with a reasonable deal with the eu , as both sides benefit a lot from cooperation , but i guess it does n't really matter that much . 
  i think the uk 's economy is strong enough to survive the divorce , and after that , brexit is what we make of it . 
  if we do a good job we can all have better lives and we can prosper , if we fuck it up then we 're gon na continue to go downhill . 
  the strongest argument for remain was economic safety . 
  but the state of our economy was n't satisfying the majority of the population , so it was a pretty poor argument to use against the poor people and the stupid people . 
  i think europeans probably struggle to see why we left because a lot of the benefits that europeans get from the eu do n't apply to us . 
  the uk doesnt and has never wanted european integration . 
  the uk gives far more in terms of payment , gives more science , gives more intelligence , takes far more immigration , and receives far less beneficiaries . 
  the uk already had good laws and regulations and our culture will maintain this . 
  so all the uk really got from the eu as a positive was economic stability which is not only really boring but also the alternate is a game we 've always enjoyed and been good at . 
  mystery box or no change . 
  thankyouuu . 
  for what it 's worth , the stupidest people i know voted for brexit , but also the smartest people i know . 
  from the people i spoke to , it was the people in the middle who voted remain . 
  there was genuinely good reasons to vote either way . 
  i 'll believe it when i see it mate . 
  there probably is a number of people leaving , but the newspapers would still report it if the event occurred once . 
  just like everything else the newspapers choose to dramatise . 
  if the shoe was on the other foot , i would n't get up and change my life until i 'd seen what brexit meant for my wage and rights . 
  i have n't asked for a single exemption . 
  cameron asked for reform , the eu said no . 
  you 're talking about globalism right . 
  what if i believe in globalism , but do n't think the eu is doing it well or at the correct time . 
  there are right ways and wrong ways of doing things . 
  none of my lecturers have left and there is n't any european doctors in my gps as far as i know . 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  yeah i fully appreciate northern ireland 's view , i have friends and family there . 
  i do n't think ni will ever be properly represented in the uk , which is sad . 
  if i lived in northern ireland i would probably also be nationalist . 
  i wish that the uk had proportional representation and i wish that people would stop electing slugs to sit in parliament . 
  my areas mp is that prick that got caught playing candy crush in parliament , and i 've been all over social media trying to persuade people not to vote him back in . 
   i ca n't fathom spitting in the face of your friends and political , scientific and economic progress , or the realities of a changing world filled with strife where we are collectively a bastion of decency and good values together i did n't think it would be that way . 
  i thought we 'd continue with cameron and i thought he 'd do it sensibly and i thought he 'd try to get best for both of us . 
  that was the only rational approach in my eyes . 
  instead , he went against his word , resigned , we got may and now she 's adopted the views of what she thinks all brexiteers want . 
  yeah , well i eventually came to my senses haha , it was just hard to believe nigel farage was telling the truth . 
  what do n't you get ? 
  different media has different audiences . 
  if you asked baseball magazine uk what they thought then they would give a different answer to the uks yougov pollers . 
  the results of the poll are n't wrong , they are just only representative of that particular audience . 
  if over time , that audiences opinion changes , then it indicates the change across that particular audience , which is gon na be highly correlative to the change across the uk as a whole . 
  i 'm not blaming just pointing out that people in the uk did not want to be part of that, 
  and you should compare that poll to the poll from the same place the day before brexit instead of just reading headlines . 
  from yougov polls the number of people who think we should leave has increased . 
  the polls i 've seen have shown that brexit has become more popular since the vote, 
  well you also got a majority of the uks opinion too . 
  i 'm young , so the lies i heard about eu integration started at cameron . 
  i 'm english so i have to pay # 9k for each year at university . 
  scottish parliament made it so that scots have to pay # 0 each year . 
  the eu said that it was discrimination if eu students have to pay more than scottish students , so eu students also pay # 0 per year . 
  the uk gives more towards eu funding than it receives . 
  if it still feels uk universities require more funding after brexit , then the money we would have paid can just go directly to uk universities instead . 
  eu staff id like to think that the uk gov is n't stupid enough to kick out their highly educated eu staff ( they are n't , you 're just trying to scaremonger ), 
  yes . 
  it 's a political union where my people are represented better by democracy though ( because it 's a smaller area ) . 
  the europe uk culture/opinions are n't similar enough for me to agree we should have political union with them . 
   but the brexit vote did happen . 
  and the polls were proven wrong . 
  using them for comparison is wrong because they were wrong . 
  they were n't wronggggggg , they were a poll of yougovs audience . 
  this is a specific group of people , not representative of the whole of the uk . 
   if one poll was wrong , it does n't mean that all polls are wrong .
