  sorry , i stand corrected . 
  i had no idea . 
  i was sure you could read his comments , but i am having second thoughts . 
  that is not what he said . 
  thats ... not a dagger . 
  then put ` controversial comments ' as the tag if you wish to use it as such ? 
  like how the fuck is a grenade attack controversial ? 
  got ta watch out on that internet points, 
  yeah , if they disagree with your opinions move on !, 
  we all need our personal soap box . 
   / r/european told me . 
  if you disagree , then speak up !, 
  you wo n't get banned and will almost always spark a discussion . 
  break up the echochamber !, 
   going pretty great so far kek, 
  we have oil !, 
  please do . 
  why ? 
  you ... have lights in lithuania ? 
  or just potato ? 
  how about you try and refute his points ? 
  you 're attacking the person , not the ball . 
  this one was first . 
  it 's my oil fuck off, 
  yes . 
  if nicola said that 2015 was all about independence , she 'd get ~ 45 % of the vote . 
  that 's 50 mps under fptp . 
  the independence question is far from settled . 
  yes . 
  ever closer union is an easy way to get the uk out of the eu . 
  the point i 'm getting is that why did n't these africans have anything but bronze age - or less - equipment ? 
  why did europe conquer so easily ? 
  why did n't these ` rich african empires ' defend in their homeland ? 
  show me a rich african country pls . 
  mate , what 's your evidence for this ? 
  even with the eurozone on its arse i cant see that happening . . 
  yeah , i see a lot of modern nazis there though , i regularly post there and like a lot of the sub but you ca n't deny that there are modern nazis there . 
  he also had testicular cancer . 
  or / r/european, 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  my point still stands though . 
  scots pay more pax per head than the rest of the uk by about # 1,000 . 
  so they probably would be . 
  ugh fptp is so bad , not only for ukip . 
  ukip is polling at ~ 12-20 % and are really unlikely to get any more than 3 ( out of 650 ) seats . 
  same applies to the greens , ~ 5-10 % of support and maybe 1 seat but it looks like brighton pavillion is soon to fall to labour . 
  you forgot the / s, 
  i think it is because that / r/unitedkingdom is 90 % english so an english sub is n't really needed . 
  ca n't barrage the farage !, 
  no this is patrick, 
  dota 2, 
  there will be one million in germany in two months time . 
  this is a conservative estimate . 
  when they bring their wife and kids over , this will go to 3 million or thereabouts . 
  so over 100 years , 3.5 million brits move to the us . 
  but over 3 years , more than 4 million syrians leave . 
  syria is a smaller country population wise . 
  nice . 
  i sure caught a sniff of that cheeky banter mate . 
  these people are likely to bring the rest of their family too though . 
   scottish people are a minority in their own capital city too . 
  nope . 
  we need to integrate them more !, 
  no , more like 3-4pm , depending on your age . 
  ill bash ur fkin hed in , 7pm , bak of the skool . 
  lets have a bare knuckle fight . 
  idk , i do n't like the snp . 
  i would favour a new currency , but i think the general public would 've seen it as scary . 
  well , * i * did n't :(, 
  not in germany or northern italy . 
  a footlong for 12 chf ? 
  it actually is that bad . 
  of course it would be the pound , iirc we could use dollars if we want . 
  countries do not ` own ' the currency . 
   the english do n't exclude us !, 
  never forget auld alliance , 
   ctrl + f scotland : /, 
  i would say india would back you up , they are pretty anti-american on a scale of 1 to russia . 
  the french . 
  surely you can admit that they fund anti-establishment politicians in the eu such as marine le pen , ukip and other rebellious causes . 
  the usa does it too , they always back the rebel , resulting in afghanistan being destabilised and more recently syria . 
  it 's a fact that most serbs are against same-sex marriage . 
  wtf why is hungary 2nd ? 
  a * small * loan ? 
  source of study ? 
  so is being left handed , what 's your point ? 
   5th that would be uk , mate . 
  #rule britannia intensifies, 
  that 's like someone from seattle say they are in the centre of the usa , because they count hawaii and alaska . 
  calm it down man, 
  there is no demand for federalism among the european population , and the biggest hint of that should be that the 3rd largest state is leaving . 
  ` tomorrows europe ' is not the united states of europe . 
  would blow the fuck out of any other nation . 
  well , boris is fluent in latin ! ^ and ^ it ^ is ^ ` farage ', 
  that and the last time they had a war near them . 
  that explains finland and israel . 
  inb4 banned, 
   jeremy corbyn voted no on lisbon treaty  jeremy corbyn voted against establishing the european union external action service . 
   jeremy corbyn voted against eec membership in the 1975 referendum  jeremy corbyn voted against the maastricht treaty in 1993, 
  why is finland 's so high ?
