it is biased probably but not more than tve , can you tell me last time there was a debate , documental about catalunya pol\u00edtics ? 
  what private tv and radio broadcast it has nothing to do with the government . 
  you have catalan pp deputy al\u00edcia s\u00e1nchez camacho week in week out in las ma\u00f1anas de la 1 and ciutadans ' albert rivera every week in la sexta . 
  junqueras had his first national tv time since ever with salvados not long ago . 
  spanish media is as bad as catalan at least . 
  claiming we are manipulated is negating huge part of the problem that is ignoring the fact that is a base movement, 
  it is a mixture of all what you said : culture , tax and self-government . 
  as it is organised now spain every region ( comunidad autonoma ) has its own regional parliment that is similar to a federal state but with the competences different between region to region . 
  this competences are defined by the estatuts and this are aproved by every region within the national spanish constitution , the problem with auto government comes with the interpretation of this constitution and in catalunya we feel that is too restrictive and moreover is interpreted in the most restrictive way in the culture and language issues . 
  in 2006 catalan government passed a new estatut which claimed further competences and was in a more real federal fashion but was outalwed by the constitutional court and during the process some politicians collected signatures against it and played a little the bully game instead of seeking some negotiation and asking why catalunya wanted this further autonomy they responded with `` repression '' ( not in a violent way but some humiliating declarations by big politicians ) , this was about 2006 when there was a shift in the mentallity and in 2010 when was finally outlawed and modified by the court there was a big demonstration against the decission and the independentist movement rised . 
  after this there was a political movement asking for more tax control and the spanish gov did n't even want to negociate and this was the final step before the catalan gov asking for the referendum and wanting independence . 
  it is very funny that you say the media is completely controled by independentits because everytime there is a debate ( almost every week ) there is people from every party while in spanish media you hardly ever see an independentist . 
  furthermore if you check the audience share ( just googling tv3 share ) you will see that tv3 has less than a 15 % of share . 
  if the spanish government wanted to show some democratic spirit maybe there would be democratic guarantees but everytime they said the constitution does n't allow it and it is not gon na change that and they even have n't suggested anything else to negociate just a big no everytime, 
  for all the independentists was pretty clear that mas would eventually fold . 
  after the referendum was outlawed , it was difficult to be able to do the referendum with some guarantees because the cities with non independentist governments would not let the votation to take place so a non formal votation or consultation is a minimal solution . 
  it can be seen as a last effort to let people `` vote '' but it is hard to sell this . 
  i preffer this vote simulation with little impact if any than nothing but the plebiscitary elections look closer and closer . 
  ciu has a very complicated position right now . 
  if mas does n't push for the referendum until a really serious threat from spanish government ( like reducing authonomy , inhabilitation , etc ) , he could lose half of his electorate and at the same time if he causes a really big tension with the consulta , the most conservative electorate will leave him too . 
  right now the most optimistic scenario for ciu is an overreaction from rajoy so that he can step back without looking like a coward , any other scenario will make him choose between their traditional conservative electorate that was willing to negotiate with pp or younger generations that want more authonomy at least in the fiscal sense . 
  this could even end with ciu ( conv\u00e8rgencia i uni\u00f3 ) spliting in converg\u00e8ncia democr\u00e0tica de catalunya and uni\u00f3 democr\u00e0tica , the two parties that constiute ciu . 
  good luck convincing pp and psoe at the same time to reform this way the constitution because you need both . 
  if barcelona wants a referendum it would be held another time one referendum at a time . 
  i do n't downvote all your comments just the one that i told you must be joking . 
  someone is reading us because someone is upvoting me . 
  a problem of communication ? 
  the estatut was completely modified and put in the constitutional tribunal because lack of communication ? 
  the new general budget only provides a 9.5 % with an average of last yeares of just 77 % of fulfillment , yeah probably wishes and communication problems . 
  the interference with the catalan education system ? 
  communication and wishes . 
  by the way this time the spanish intellectuals forgot to sign a manifesto for the democracy , right ? 
  because they are always defending the democratic causes but this time they forgot, 
  that is not the problem , the problem is that the consultation is not allowed by spain so they do n't have to worry about barcelona voting whatever . 
  why barcelona has to follow pp central government rule if they did n't vote for them ? 
  this is the same you are saying . 
  the thing is 911 of 947 towns ( including major cities ) have voted in favor of the consultation . 
  and i said before that it would be hypocrital to not let other parts have votations . 
  following the same reasoning why have allo of us have to stand pp if we have n't voted for them ? 
  because usually you set some rules when there are elections and all of them play with the rules . 
  when there is a big political concern like it can be in catalunya governments must look for a political solution in time . 
  if they did n't screw up in 2006 and 2010 now there would be an independentist movement that is not so vocal , and much smaller . 
  you ca n't be serius . 
  the logical solution is that the state agreed with generalitat to the referendum and make an agreement about the census and the conditions and accept the outcome no matter what it is . 
  the state did n't want to negotiate so generalitat seek for a non-binding solution with their own rules . 
  it makes no sense to have to win every town independently . 
  when pp won the elections thousands of towns did n't want them in the power but we have to respect the decission of the majority, 
  sorry i edited , can you explain please ? 
  why it is unfair being part of catalan state against your will but it is not being part of spain against your will ? 
  10 years ago people belived that a better relations with spain were possible , when the agreement between zapatero and the generalitat was broken this believe ended . 
  when in 2010 the estatut was practically outlawed this was even worse . 
  since then everytime spanish government makes a move it worsens the relations because every moment is towards more centralism . 
  so unless there is a big big big change in the dyniamics of the idea of how spain must be organized the independence movement will grow, 
  so a 65.99 % should be ignored because a minority of 34.01 % votes no ? 
  this makes no sense . 
  if there is a binding referendum it is common sense that everyone recognises the result no matter if it is yes or no . 
  why are you so worried about barcelona if there is majority of pro indpendence in the city hall, 
  there is a simple way to know what 's the opinion in tarragona and barcelona and anywhere else : let 's have the consulta . 
  sometimes an argument from unionist is : what if vall d'aran wants to seced when you are independent ? 
  vall d'aran is a top left corner [ map ] ( http://www.lavozlibre.com/userfiles/2a_decada/image/fotos%202012/10%20octubre%202012/29%20octubre%202012/valle%20de%20ar%c3%a1n.gif ) that has its own lenguage , a derivate from occitan . 
  they might want to be independent or maybe to be part of spain again . 
  i 'd have no problem to let them decide by themselves what they want to be , it would be very hypocrite by our side . 
  in spain ( and catalonia ) i do n't know what is wrong with our politcians but it seems that always invest in oversized infrastructure that even the most optimistic predictions are a disaster . 
  rural areas of spain need big investment but they invest in ave in a very small provinces or the unused airports like castell\u00f3n and lleida . 
  i mean , if the reason that they build all this shit is to make shaddy bussines , why ca n't they build something helpful at least ? 
  no one is taking any profit from a airport where there are no flights or in lleida where are just 2 flights a week . 
  if they wanted to invest i 'm shure in zamora , palencia , burgos and le\u00f3n , to name a few , people from there would have been happier with some investments helping local underdeveloped industry . 
  if you read the article again you will notice that they talk about a document made by dialoga consultores , that mixes info from two different sources and they do n't provide the source . 
  in the article they only state the support of the independence but they do n't show the numbers of the unionist , this is why i say it is biased because they are counting all of the indecise people as unionist or maybe even the people that would vote yes to the first question and no to the second . 
  this group of people want to be a state and it is completely different situation from the unionist position . 
  i want 100 % democracy that 's why i want a referendum or a consulta . 
  i want to know if there is more people pro or against independence and then when the result is clear the speculations about which side is bigger must end and start working for a independent catalunya , a federal spain or a better spain with the autonomias as it is now . 
  first el mundo is one of the most spanish nationalist papers and it is clearly biased . 
  second for the moment no one is talking about a binding referendum and that does n't change the fact that 911 of 947 voted for the referendum and that all the parties except c 's and pp voted for the llei de consultes in the parliment . 
  saying that it is a minority is ignoring the reality . 
  and when they say that about 40-50 % is pro full independence they ignore that just about 20-30 % is completely against independence . 
  then there is a big range of different opinions between independence and statu quo . 
  well so you decide that is bad for us so we ca n't vote ? 
  and 7.5 million people is not such a little state . 
  do you think that denmak , finland , norway , slovakia and ireland , for instance , are too small to be an independent state ? 
  when you say a lot of big cities which ones do you mean ? 
  i can only reacall lleida and the mayor is from the pro-catalanist part of psoe , other big cities like l'hospitalet , badalona , tarragona , terrassa and sabadell with non nationalist mayor have even passed a motion supporting the referendum . 
  barcelona and girona with ciu mayor have passed it to . 
  there are 911 of 947 mayors ( 96 % ) in catalunya have voted for the support of the referendum . 
  i hope and think that here is not going to be any violent confrontation but what i think is highly unprobable is that many people in catalonia is going to fight for spain as unity . 
  the only updated source of this local votations i can find is in catalan the not so up to date are in spanish . 
  sorry i was in the train and i realise that what i said makes no sense . 
  english is my 4th language an i screwed it badly . 
  i made myself clearer in another comment, 
  sorry i expressed really bad i realise . 
  the thing with the economic argument is complex . 
  it is completely fair to help poor regions because it is proved that it helps the economy overall but this economic her must be redistributed in a reasonable way , in a way that helps the economy of the poor region grow , not in a way that makes the region complacent and makes any change impossible . 
  i realise what i said it sounds like ok you are bad fuck you , but i just wanted to point out that is not only money what they need, 
  long term it would be better for basques and catalans to be independent if there is no dirty games involved and even i think it could be better for spain overall because it would force them to improve regions that rely to much on daddy state to survive . 
  with less money i think they.would be using less as subsides and more as long term investments . 
  the poor regions are suffering a lot with short term expenses that make people rely on outdated production systems and inefficient agriculture . 
  maybe mas does n't call for elections and waits until the municipal elections for the plebiscite . 
  calling for the regional elections after the spanish gov ' t blocks it it might be seen as a weakness and it would affect severly political stability, 
  local police ( mossos d'esquadra ) is likely to align with catalan goverment but i do n't think they are going to clash against spanish police ( policia nacional , guardia civil ) . 
  i hope we do n't reach such a confrontation .
