  then again , i 'm dutch and our language is probably the defintion of sounding like you choke on something along with danish . 
   i gess it 's partlee tradishun , and partlee just that evreebodee orlredee noze the current non-fonetik sistem and chaynjing evreething wud take a lot of time , effort and munee . 
   esenshulee evreebodee over the aje of 5 wud hav too reelern how to spel evreething - witch wud bee a masiv pane in the ars - in order too save veree yung children a littel effort wen lerning too reed and rite . 
  somehow to me this looks like a frenchman speaking english haha, 
  i 've also played ck2 yeah !, 
  i 'm a couple of expansions behind but who can say no to incest , rape and murder ( oh dear i 'm going to hell ) ? 
   im over 50 inside and can get completely drank on one or two stronger beers , quiet pathetic . 
  depending on how drunk that could also have some fun aspects !, 
  oh man a year ago i was at that exact point of having to choose a master 's thesis and stressing , i do n't envy you ... 
  i 'm not exactly sure about what you could research with regards to the eu , but maybe you can look at the rise of euroskepticism across europe and how it relates to certain stuff that has happened in recent times . 
  or maybe you can look at the way the common market is helping certain countries in the eu ( trade deficits ) while other countries are suffering from stuff like brain drain , and how stuff like fiscal transfers could maybe fix some of that , etc ? 
  it 's kind of difficult to say cause i do n't really know what aspect of the eu you focus on as a student , and whether you get stuff like economics , law , sociology etc, 
   like a retarded german nah mate the germans are the retarded dutchmen, 
  yeah i can imagine , i think word order probably the thing that people find most difficult about dutch . 
  i 've never actually thought about how weird `` hoor '' of a word is until now . 
  if you 'd ask me i would n't be able to give a good explanation or translation either haha, 
  do n't really play civ , but as far as eu4 goes , all of them !, 
  the ones i picked most often were probably dutch minors ( this sounds wrong ) , byzantium , and any of the japanese daimyos . 
  english , all of my university stuff has been in english for the past 4 years , and just reddit n stuff , and after that greek because i 'm half-greek . 
  i think that in the achterhoek ( doetinchem ) , which is a region just a little south of enschede , on the german border and just above the rhine ( there are always exceptions to the rivers-rule of thumb ) , they do speak with a softer g so maybe means them ? 
  i 'm from amsterdam though so i 'm in no way an expert on the accents/dialects in the part of the netherlands we 're talking about . 
  bicycles , flat countries , lots of water , harsh languages , we 're basically the same , ditch the other nordics and join us dude !, 
  that 's really interesting , man !, 
  nice to hear something positive about dutch for once :') did you find it hard to study ? 
  in my experience they do have the hard guttural g sound ( sch = sg sound ) . 
  the traditional split of the hard g and the soft g is often said to be the big rivers ( rhine , meuse and its distributaries ) running through the netherlands . 
  the south and flanders generally use a softer g , while the provinces above the rivers ( where both amsterdam and enschede are located ) generally do use the harder g. 
  interesting , what 's your native language ? 
  dutch always seems an ... acquired taste shall we say, 
  flooding ? 
  water taxis ? 
  boston lays to the north ? 
  i 'm sold !, 
  stay away from the netherlands if you really want snow . 
  it does snow in winter here but very rarely . 
  btw :  gb - north brabant  gb - north holland  en - overijssel  uk - south holland these are all in the netherlands , not in the uk , 
  well , some people also say turkish is related to japanese ... so yeah it does n't really mean much, 
  * braces for comments on our harsh sounds *, 
  i 'm very pro-europe , but i feel my two nationalities first , and european second . 
   but as soon as we see the flag waving ( ... ) it 's quickly getting embarassing except for vexillology lovers like me, 
   churches used to give out some small books i think they still do in our village in greece , i think my grandparents had one for this year, 
  not sure about those small printed cards , but [ icons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icon ) are very common in greece . 
  i 'm half-greek and we have like 6 laying around the house and we 're not even that religious . 
  awesome !, 
  already found some stuff i like on there , thanks !, 
  knowing italian moms captain italy would go so far that even starving kids start refusing food because they 're so full, 
  thanks maat !, 
  i 'll definitely give gunship a try . 
  i found vaporwave a little harder to get into but i 'm still new to the whole scene so i 'll look into those as well !, 
  i just love sim racing endlessly around tracks with this music playing . 
  oooh some really good stuff on there . 
  community is bigger than i thought too . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've recently been getting into retrowave , music heavily inspired by the 80s and new wave . 
  one of the songs i particularly love is [ night train by mitch murder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8reg4up8pi ) from sweden . 
  so smooth , i love it . 
  we have a nice variety of great edm producers , across different genres , not really my cup of tea though . 
  the general pop stuff is mweh . 
  there 's some gems from the past like golden earring and doe maar that i really like . 
  movies ? 
  idk tbh i 'm not really a movie-freak and the last dutch movie i 've watched was more than 1.5 year ago . 
  shows ? 
  we 've created a lot of tv shows that later got exported to other countries like big brother , the voice , fear factor etc , but we 're lacking in the tv series department . 
  lui comes from lieden . 
  lieden and leute are cognates . 
  leute is much more common as a word in german than lui is in dutch though . 
  it 's a little old fashioned . 
  if you want you can also try asking over at / r/askuk, 
   so it always gives me great pleasure when england do badly this is true for the whole football world  and yeah , i half-watched the scotland - lithuania game ... 
  it was a bit depressing . 
  should have just claimed gareth bale man !, 
  in al seriousness though there 's some really exciting english players nowadays . 
  shaw , kane , rashford are all players i really like . 
  the problem for you guys is often playtime in the pl, 
  ---------------- neuer -------------- lahm -- kompany -- hummels -- jordi alba --------------- kroos ----------------- -- de bruyne ---------- bale ------- robben ----- griezmann ------- ronaldo very attacking formation i must say . 
  bale plays as a winger nowadays but i really wanted him , ronaldo and robben in there . 
  i genuinely think that if robben did n't get injured as much as he does , he would be top 3 worldwide . 
  look at his world cup 2014 performances . 
  also i must say that , as a dutchman , it hurts me a little to have four players of our arch rivals germany in there , 
   there are *** 3,8 *** shelters like this in finland that many ?!, 
  nah i 'm from around amsterdam , we do n't really have as much folklore like that around here . 
  i knew the bokkenrijders from when i was a young kid because of the efteling , 
  pretty much the first thing that came to mind for me as well, 
  hahah yeah that can happen a lot in amsterdam , there 's a huge international community there, 
  not here , they 're not normal at least . 
  the high level of the water in the ground here means that basements have to be absolutely waterproof , which adds a lot of unnecessary costs to building the house , and it 's not like people really need them anyway . 
  yeah , when people tell me they want to practice then i try to keep to dutch , but sometimes i automatically switch to english without noticing . 
  a lot of my daily life involves english so it feels natural . 
  again , dutch people do n't mind you butchering the language at all , they just wan na make it easier by talking english . 
  i assume it 's a similar case for germans . 
  in general dutch people will immediately switch to english , because english proficiency is high here , and people just think it 's easier for you and us to switch to english . 
  generally dutch people do n't really take much pride in their language the way other europeans do . 
  it 's also a reason why expats in the netherlands have difficulty or do n't bother learning dutch . 
  dutch people often do not speak dutch with them so they do n't get to practice it . 
  it 's not about tourists sounding like an idiot , on the contrary , we 'll probably find it a nice gesture , but for practicality and efficiency ( we do n't want you to have to struggle when you do n't need to ) you 'll just see a lot of dutch people switch to english . 
  when i commented those comments explaining that were n't there . 
  i genuinely asked a question . 
  i did n't downvote anyone . 
  in my experience other types of cereal are more popular than those you mentioned but the idea is the same , still produced by nestl\u00e9 and kellogg 's . 
  i guess we all want something more fancy for breakfast but most jobs do n't really allow for that unless you get up really early , so cereal is okay .
