  even if the 30 % is reached , the government can decide what the hell they want , because it is a non-binding referendum . 
  it 's more like a glorified poll . 
  i would have agreed if it were elections , but for a non-binding referendum ? 
  same here , or rather , i 'll be in class all day !, 
  i think sounding like that comes inherent with greek genes ... my father is exactly like that guy from mbfgw !, 
   red : derived from the latin pascha ( from hebrew pesach , a jewish holiday ) in greece 's case ( and maybe some other countries ) would n't it come directly from aramaic and hebrew , and thus the red being incorrect for greece ? 
  i mean , the latin language adopted pascha from greek , and not the other way around right ? 
  quick wikipedia :  the festival that early christians celebrated was called in greek \u03a0\u03ac\u03c3\u03c7\u03b1 ( pascha ) , a transliteration of the aramaic word \u05e4\u05e1\u05d7\u05d0 , cognate to hebrew \u05e4\u05b6\u05bc\u05e1\u05b7\u05d7 ( pesach ) . 
  the word originally designated the passover feast of exodus 12 . 
  [ 21 ] paul writes from ephesus that `` christ our pascha ( passover ) has been sacrificed for us '' , doubtless not the first interpretation of exodus 12 as referring to the crucifixion of jesus . 
  [ 22 ] in the roman province of asia , second-century christians known as quartodecimans continued to celebrate this feast in coincidence with the jewish feast , but by then christians elsewhere celebrated it on the following sunday , the day on which in every week the resurrection of christ was celebrated . 
  [ 23 ] [ 24 ]  latin adopted the greek term for the feast , and in most european languages , notable exceptions being english , german and the slavic languages , the feast is today called pascha or words derived from it . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_easter, 
  i was aiming at the towns ( in states like michigan and wisconsin ) that were settled by dutch people prior to the 20th century . 
  i do n't have any sources right now because i 'm on my phone , but iirc many of those settlers were very religious ( often from the more religious dutch countryside ) and often led by priests/pastors . 
  i ca n't imagine that more recent dutch immigrants ( like eddie van halen or something ) are generally more religious compared to the average american , no . 
  but many communities that were originally settled by dutch settlers are still very religious i think . 
  it 's the same with dutch-settled communities in the states i think, 
   apparently it 's the best joke since belgian jokes belgian jokes best jokes !, 
  it was an old man , i wonder if they named the grandson after him ... 
  worst case scenario he could take the nickname akis from agamemnonakis !, 
  funny , all of those sound very common to me too . 
  i 've even met people with more obscure names like agamemnon, 
  followed by the national anthem and a us air force fly-over , right ? 
   but it still amazes me that a nation state like greece can not fully lock down its borders so what do you propose to defend a sea border ? 
  the borders that greece can defend are impenetrable . 
  i 've been to the greco-turkish landborder , pretty much no one can pass that border . 
  you 'd have to swim through a big river , jump over barbwire and then survive a huge field of mines . 
  what championship is he talking about , it was cancelled !, 
  ^ * right ... ? 
  well shit , it 's 23:00 and after reading your comment i 'm hungry again, 
  i 've heard this type of accent multiple times in italian , and i always thought that they had rhotacism ( even though i encountered it more with italian than other languages ) . 
  til it 's their posh accent ... 
  it probably would n't even qualify as food for italians ... 
   mediocre food i have the feeling that an italian would say this about every other country , 
  sadly too many smokers arent like you . 
  they dont give a fuck , they dont move away . 
  that 's why this sort of law may be necessary . 
  i just looked up the oecd statistics , and in 2010 ( the year when in may the first bailout package was agreed upon ) the average retirement age in greece was 61.9 , and in the netherlands it was 62.9 for men , and 60.1 in greece vs 61.4 in nl for women . 
  edit : so while that may not be the same , the difference is not that big, 
  average retirement age in greece when the crisis had just hit ( before the austerity measures ) was about the same in greece and the netherlands, 
   and during autumn which , let 's be honest , is just about the only season we have anyway, 
  so with my limited knowledge of spanish i understand that this is just a proposal by pablo iglesias , who handed it in to the king ? 
  what would the attitudes of psoe and iu be towards such a government ? 
  if i remember correctly psoe was n't really that eager to form a government with podemos ? 
  especially considering the map is called `` continental west-germanic languages '' in the url, 
  ahh makes sense , thanks !, 
  mountains ? 
  lovely warm beaches ? 
  impressive historical buildings ? 
   dutch in turkish is felemenk\u00e7e although the country is named hollanda from flemish ? 
  i think the term dutch in english originally included just about all germanic peoples in the holy roman empire , but over time it evolved to mean just the people in the netherlands . 
  if i remember correctly this happened because the ` dutch ' that the english interacted with most early on were the people from the netherlands . 
  somehow i opened the link ready to be amazed by all the different interesting names . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  on top of that we actually use holland in tourism marketing and stuff like [holland.com ] ( http://www.holland.com/global/tourism.htm ) . 
  in my experience redditors take the holland vs. netherlands thing a whole lot more seriously than the average dutchman, 
  it surprised me that he was ` already ' 69 . 
  still , 69 is too early . 
  a great actor and he seemed like a great person too . 
  i 've said it before on reddit . 
  danish is the most frustrating language to listen to for me . 
  it sounds very similar , but gibberish at the same time . 
  written danish is doable . 
  leave and beer have very different i sounds to my ears . 
  but yeah , leave and live make a better comparison . 
  so metal, 
  it 's one radio station , radio 2 , which is state owned . 
  i guess it would make you even more proud to know that in the top 10 , 6 songs are british , 
  * so it begins *, 
  11.5 months early ... 
  one video made you change your opinion of an entire nation that much ? 
  a lot of the hate on greece about the crisis etc came from some romanian redditors on this subreddit . 
  reddit is not representative of the true population of course . 
  it just seemed like these select few romanians had some kind of deep hate for greeks , or a massive hard-on for austerity , or both . 
   but i 'd expect better from the greek left to be honest to be fair , all the other left-wing parties and centrist parties voted in favour of the bill, 
  for me danish is one of the most frustrating languages to listen to , because it sounds so familiar , but i ca n't understand a thing, 
  when speaking dutch , many people 's first impression is that it 's german . 
  however , many people say that they do notice something ` off ' about it , it 's ` not quite german ' . 
  on a couple of occassions people have mistaken it for a scandinavian language . 
  when i 'm speaking greek , people generally do n't have a clue . 
  which makes sense cause greek is a pretty isolated language . 
  at international football games here in the netherlands i 've been mistaken for italian , spanish , portuguese , serbian and a couple of other nationalities . 
  there are definitely a lot of similarities between the two languages when it comes to pronunciation . 
  the vowels , thetas , rolling rs , are all very similar . 
  i remember when my spanish teacher ( who if i remember correctly was originally latin american but had lived in spain for a while ) thought i was spanish when i did an oral exam in my first year of taking that course . 
  i had never had much practice in spanish before , and i was speaking spanish using the accent i knew from speaking greek . 
  yup , double the pain ... 
  this has easily been the worst year of football in my life, 
  [ :( ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-m8t6fyfog6k/uzoxiytj6hi/aaaaaaaabim/_swuhdfas7c/s1600/tumblr_m0nmeszmws1qibz0jo1_r1_1280.png ), 
   only to use a 21st century sattelite image that shows flevoland and the afsluitdijk i have to admit that i liked the movie , but if that 's true i ca n't believe how i did n't notice this when watching it . 
  using a satellite image with flevoland and the afsluitdijk in it is beyond ridiculous . 
  it is not that weird cause it does sometimes snow in the netherlands , so we 're familiar with the experience . 
  i would imagine that it is more weird for someone from singapore or something . 
  many people here hate snow anyway because of the chaos it creates for trains and on the roads . 
  i would love to have a white christmas every year . 
  first , the situation is much much more complex than `` those lazy greeks do n't protect their borders but still want the benefits '' . 
  second , why are you saying this to / u/chesterakos when he only explained what schengen 's benefits are ? 
  cause he 's greek ? 
  is he on a ship in the aegean protecting the greek border right now ?
