  in most of the netherlands it is really easy to build infrastructure for that sort of thing ( high population density , flat country etc ) . 
  afaik romania has some of the best speeds in europe for very low prices . 
  bless you !, 
  i remember when i tried to explain to some americans that the brits do n't have the best of reputations when it comes to tourism , and they did not want to believe me at all . 
  i like the bicycle stereotypes , because most of them are true !, 
  i can also get a good laugh out of the jokes belgians make about our frugality . 
  on the other hand , i hate any quotes or stereotypes related to goldmember . 
  i was just saying it because it could take quite a while to master a whole new language at university level ( especially a language like german ) . 
  i 've always found spanish one of the easiest languages to learn , so if you really want a ` foreign ' language maybe you could pursue spanish further ? 
  i 'm not sure about german universities , but if it is anything like here then the programmes that let in only a small percentage are the ones in high demand like medicine . 
  advertising-type programmes could be a bit easier to get into in that regard . 
  to be honest i do n't really know what universities offer that course here . 
  but keep in mind that there are a lot of countries in the eu ( for example uk , ireland , the netherlands , scandinavian countries ) that offer a lot of university programmes in english , which could make it easier for you . 
  it 's a great place for shopping , and the two airports of d\u00fcsseldorf are closer for many dutchmen than amsterdam . 
  especially weeze . 
  i 'm half greek so i usually visit for the many shops of the large greek community there . 
  of course , you will find refuge with us !, 
  i 've been to dusseldorf many times actually , 
  in general it 's probably denmark first , the similarities between our countries are endless . 
  for me personally the uk is pretty high up , i studied there for a semester and i really felt at home . 
  then the rest of scandinavia and flanders ( wallonia is a bit different ) . 
  germany really depends on which part of germany . 
  northern germans ( which in itself is a broad term ) have much more in common with us than bavarians for example . 
  nobody talked about hillary , but if we 're going to make that comparison , then you 'll probably find that , in general , most europeans agree much more with hillary 's views than trump 's . 
  most people in this thread say that pretty much nobody really cares , and i agree . 
  it does however help that people generally like obama . 
  if trump or romney was elected and started meddling with other countries ' affairs the reaction would maybe be worse . 
   and you can guess how i get by fighter jet ? 
  yes , especially for those widely spoken languages you mentioned . 
  personally , i can recognize most european accents in english except for many slavic accents . 
  i do n't have much experience with those languages ( except for polish and russian ) so i do n't really know what sounds to look out for . 
  english voices will struggle with dutch city and street names , so that 's why it may be a little weird to use them instead of dutch . 
  offensive ? 
  there 's so much english already in our daily media consumption . 
  in the netherlands there are 2-3 days a year where it 's even remotely hot enough for ac , so buying one is not worth it . 
  however when i go to greece we use it every day in summer . 
  it depends on the climate of the country . 
  europe has a big difference in weather across the continent . 
  same situation as the usa probably . 
  benelux + germany would be a very unbalanced union though . 
  the benelux has 28.5 million residents in total , while germany alone has 81.5 million . 
  it 's not really the same though is it . 
  i know sports is n't determinant of whether something is a country or not , but it gives an indication of how a nation it sees itself . 
  scotland for example has it 's own football team and league , while bavaria does n't , which is represented by die mannschaft , and teams like bayern m\u00fcnchen participate in the bundesliga . 
  there is no uk football team , instead , three teams will go to the euros this year , england , wales and northern ireland . 
  wikipedia gives sources for information , you know . 
  in this case the [ source for that part of information ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom#cite_note-page823-19 ) on the wikipedia page comes from a uk governmental site . 
  comparing the countries of the uk to our provinces is wrong , but you could compare them somewhat to our consituent countries within the kingdom of the netherlands ( netherlands , ~ ~ bonaire ~ ~ aruba , curacao and sint maarten ) . 
   the uk consists of four countries : england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland from wikipedia . 
  13 : i have visited england , scotland , denmark , belgium , luxembourg , germany , poland , switzerland , austria , france , portugal , italy and greece . 
  edit : actually 14 counting vatican city, 
  dayum your hips do n't lie, 
  probably the `` th '' sound ( like in think , \u03b8 sound ) , which is their sound for `` z '', 
  yep , i traced my family back until the early 1600s , and they were all nothing but farmhands , living in and around same place for hundreds of years . 
  it 's very normal to have debt as a country , as long as it 's sustainable/serviceable . 
  future employment and in general the rise of populism across the world, 
  there are quite a few papers on this i think . 
  one that i 've encountered on the internet in the past is the euro health consumer index , found [ here ] ( http://www.healthpowerhouse.com/index.php?itemid=55 ) , where apparently the netherlands scores best . 
  with all the british tv shows that have been on the telly here i would n't be surprised if that was the case !, 
  personally i do n't know of a show that 's set in cornwall though , and i would n't rule out the possibility that they 're just there to see the beautiful coast, 
  quite a lot of music ( obvious ones like coldplay and adele ) , some movies , a lot of detective/crime tv series ( dalziel and pasco , midsomer murders , a touch of frost , death in paradise , sherlock have been on the television here , off the top of my head ) . 
  there 's the occasional talk show too like graham norton . 
  sports too , the premier league is popular in every football-loving country , and it 's no different here . 
  big rugby tournaments and darts matches are also shown regularly on television here . 
  here most homes receive some bbc channels ( i have bbc 1 and 2 ) , so you 'd also be able to follow some regular british television . 
  perhaps unsurprisingly , water management/flood control . 
  dutch firms are hired for jobs all over the world because of their expertise . 
  pssh why watch puppies when you can watch [ kittens ] ( http://cdn.newadnetwork.com/sites/prod/files/uploads/joellec/udilunf.gif ) !, 
  meh , that sounds a bit like blaming bar owners for people who get violently drunk, 
  you tend to find quite many obnoxious younger british tourists under the influence of all kinds of substances in amsterdam . 
  those can be a bit annoying , but most normal british tourists are lovely people and mostly the opposite of loud really . 
  or at least , not as loud as other nationalities , 
  interesting , had never heard that one before !, 
  yeah it 's also used for amsterdam , it used to be on the amsterdam wikipedia entry too but there they replaced the venice of the north nickname with damsko ( slang ) ... 
  but if you google it you 'll see that it 's also used in reference to amsterdam !, 
  amsterdam ( venice of the north ) , although i guess that was the city that inspired you to ask this question , 
  possession of alcohol when under 18 ( used to be 16 two years ago ) in public is punishable here . 
  so technically when a parent buys alcohol and gives it to their child in public the seller is required to step in . 
  personally i have never seen a vendor step in . 
  it 's however not punishable to consume alcohol in private when under 18 , so that 's very common . 
  there are amateur leagues for both american football and baseball here . 
  baseball is more common than american football . 
  to be totally honest , i have never met someone here who played american football . 
  more people choose for rugby i think . 
  my life has not changed at all . 
  i 've seen the greek population here in the netherlands grow massively . 
  mostly young , educated people who are either here to study or work jobs that they 're overqualified for . 
  universities are full of greeks doing their master 's . 
  the most offensive thing about that video is the accent tbh, 
  i 'm not sure how it is with the uk and grandparents born in the commonwealth , but a lot of countries offer citizenship to grandchildren of people born in that country for example . 
  well , in the grand scheme of things it is ... :') if you had any european grandparents that would help a lot, 
  do you have ( recent ) european ancestry ? 
  nah it 's not exclusive to gossip, 
  personally i 'll try to avoid it . 
  i 'll try and scrape together any words in any language that he might somehow understand , and complement that with non-verbal language . 
  it feels rude to me to talk in a language the other person doesnt understand , because for all they know i might be talking shit about them in their face . 
  low blow man :(, 
  i was so used to hearing the german and italian anthem in the schumi days , that nowadays whenever i hear the german anthem somewhere i catch myself waiting for the italian anthem to follow . 
  those two anthems together have become the anthem of f1 . 
  the italian anthem is amazing .
