  i write in british english . 
  we were taught uk english but we were free to use us english spelling too , as long as we were consistent and did n't mix up the two . 
  a lot of my friends write in us english , i write british english . 
  as for what i speak , honestly , dutch english would be the most accurate hahah . 
  i use words like lorry and truck , rubbish and trash etc interchangeably , and my dutch-ish accent is probably closer to american than british, 
  yeah , i reread my comment and it came out worse than intended , mea culpa , sorry for that, 
  the uk 's system is arguably the most criticised system both domestically and in the rest of europe, 
  some examples : - bol.com , basically the dutch version of amazon , similarly there 's coolblue.nl which used to be focused on electronics , they are slowly expanding towards a very broad assortment . 
  - thuisbezorgd.nl ( literally ` home-delivered ' ) , which acts as a transaction facilitator between consumers and small restaurants . 
  you order through that site , the restaurant pays a fee to thuisbezorgd.nl , and then the order is delivered by the restaurant . 
  in some places in the country there 's also deliveroo ( originally an english company ) which does the same while also doing the delivery part , which removes the need for the restaurants to do the delivery . 
  - marktplaats.nl ( literally market place ) , which is like a less formal version of ebay ( it 's even owned by ebay nowadays ) . 
  especially popular for cars , but you can find everything you can imagine . 
  how the transaction is done ( in cash , paypal , delivered or picked up by the buyer , whatever ) is completely up to the buyer and seller . 
  there 's also no binding bidding system , unlike ebay . 
  that means that if the buyer does n't like the offer , he is n't required to sell it at that price , cause the auction never ends . 
  [ technohead - i wan na be a hippy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wsr7h_pjxs ) . 
  the artists are english , but they were on a dutch gabber record label and the music video was shot in amsterdam , and the video clip is * really * weird , so i 'm gon na ` steal ' it from them for the purpose of this thread , 
   i mean the new york red bulls are a few years older than rb leipzig after all . 
  and red bull salzburg is a bit older than nyrb, 
  some people treat them like satan , i do n't totally hate them , football is sadly extremely commercialised these days , but i would be lying if i said that clubs like rb leipzig and rb salzburg do n't rub me the wrong way . 
  it does very much feel like just a marketing tool . 
  i do n't think anyone knows about them , i 've never heard a dutchman talk about cricket, 
  it just never caught on here , nor did it ever get significant media attention . 
  you 'll see some quick report about how the national team did in the sports news , but other than that you wo n't hear about it . 
  many of the good players do n't come from the mainland netherlands either , they 're often from the dutch carribean , where baseball is a lot more popular . 
  that 's why often the players do n't speak any dutch , they grew up in the parts of the kingdom where they mainly speak english or a portuguese * creole . 
  edit : it 's also that i think that the dutch idea of sports has been shaped so much by football , that something like baseball feels weird for dutch sports fans . 
  you 'll much more often see dutch basketball fans with an interest in the nba than baseball fans . 
  not to mention fucking goldmember, 
  nike often makes use of the casual colours by making very understated football kits for the usa , like the [ current one ] ( https://i0.wp.com/footballfashion.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/usa-2016-2017-nike-soccer-jersey-2.jpg ) . 
  they know that 's what ultimately sells . 
  and yeah i often feel bad for the dutch baseball team hahah , they 're pretty fucking good , but the country back home just hardly gives a shit about the sport ... 
  there is no dumb reason to root for the netherlands , every reason is a good one  orange has its charm . 
  it 's a very bold colour , many find it ugly ( and it totally does n't fit in with casual clothing the way the english and american colours do , for example ) , the germans often tease us by comparing it to garbage collectors ( who wear orange too ) , but it 's unique and recognisable ( and looks good imo ) . 
  when you see orange in sports , it 's so unmistakeably dutch . 
  it 's fucking awesome . 
  the national team is something special , something on a different level , and one of the few things that truly brings this country together . 
  even people that normally do n't watch football join in when the national team plays . 
   how much news do you consume about the one vs the other ? 
  more about the club , but that 's just because there 's more news about the club , international matches are much less frequent . 
   outside of the world cup and the euro , do you watch your national team , or no ? 
  hell yeah , everytime they play , i often try to attend matches too but the tickets are often expensive ( a lot of demand for the national team 's games ) . 
   what is it like in terms of hoping for success ? 
  personally i 'd probably prefer the national team having success ( edit : although you ca n't really compare club and country , it 's a different kind of love ) . 
  the world cup and euros are often big celebrations here in the netherlands . 
  people decorate their streets with orange , families and friends gather and hold parties around the games , and often huge screens are erected in cities to watch the games with tens of thousands of other fans , like [ this ] ( https://images1.persgroep.net/rcs/sy1ufltp71-nzzkupmder5rrkza/diocontent/9568151/_crop/0/0/2702/4095/_fitwidth/694/?appid=21791a8992982cd8da851550a453bd7f&amp;quality=0.9 ) . 
  there 's even a term for the whole country revolving around the national team , orange fever . 
  my favourite football memory is watching the netherlands beat spain 5-1 , with my friends and 10,000 s of other fans in amsterdam , orange everywhere , going crazy , screaming out your lungs and hitting the pubs of the city afterwards for a long long night . 
   what is your `` relationship '' with players on your club 's team vs on the national team ? 
  ( professional players come and go , etc. ), 
  well , my club ( ajax ) has a lot of home grown players , so there 's definitely that connection between the club , the fanbase and the players , the kind of ` foreign legion ' phenomenon is not as big with ajax as it is with the typical premier league team for example . 
  but yeah , for me personally there 's this extra connection often with the national team cause they are all dutch too . 
  they grew up in the same country , speak the same language , adored the same national teams of the past , etc etc. 
  you 're in it together , in the good times and the bad . 
  edit : damn this comment became huge , i guess it shows how i love talking about this, 
   is more a question of `` if '' than `` when '' . 
  i think you meant this the other way around ? 
  last elections it was basically a two-way fight between left ( labour ) and right ( vvd ) . 
  a lot of people voted labour to prevent a right-wing government . 
  in the elections the vvd won ( 41 seats ) and labour got 38 seats . 
  labour felt it needed to take responsibility for the many votes it had gotten and it joined into a government with the vvd . 
  this did n't sit well with the voters who wanted to prevent a right wing government , as it now felt like the left-wing party they voted for was enacting the very right-wing policies they opposed . 
  a large part of the voters scattered back to other parties , and a lot of the core base of labour was lost as well or did n't vote at all . 
  for example , the newly-formed party denk , a party formed by two former labour mps of turkish descent also took away a large part of the immigrant vote , in amsterdam they were almost as large as labour ( 7.5 % vs 8.4 % ) . 
  according to some first reports , labour lost about 7 seats directly to the greens , when the total growth of the greens was 10 seats compared to last elections . 
  in amsterdam , where labour always used to win by a landslide , it 's now the greens who won , and labour is now the 4th party there . 
  eh , imo much less so when you consider that the greens , the socialist party and labour together are smaller than labour on its own last elections, 
  i do n't think they 'll be completely decimated like the libdems , but i think a lot of progressive voters are going to be very disappointed . 
  the d66 is progressive , but definitely not left-wing , centre to centre-right is more accurate, 
  i also think that d66 might have a somewhat similar fate to your libdems ( after their coalition with the tories ) if they join the coalition ( which they probably will ) . 
  the conservative christian-democrats and the vvd ( right-wing ) will not give them much of the progressive liberal things the d66 strive for , especially not if the coalition is filled out with more christian parties . 
  yeah , it 's not uncommon . 
  usually mostly the people who have expertise in the topic of the debate are present . 
  it wo n't be very useful to sit in a debate about health care when your expertise is it and cybercrime , for example . 
  not happy . 
  a right wing government looks certain , and the left wing as a whole seems to have lost quite a lot of voters . 
  i guess the good thing is that wilders did n't become that big but that was not a real fear of mine anyway . 
  it all depends of course , but as a general rule in the netherlands you 'd be better off having studied at a dutch university than at a ` relatively unknown ' university in the united states . 
  [ stadhouder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stadtholder ) , of course !, 
   if aruba and suriname should be part of the dutch football team you make a good point , just wanted to say that suriname is a fully independent country ( not a constituent country in the kingdom ) . 
  one of the most famous dutch ones is the word for fries . 
  in the northern provinces it 's called ` patat ' , and in the southern provinces of the netherlands and in flanders it is called ` friet ' . 
  relevant [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/46/kaart_patat_friet_frieten.svg/2000px-kaart_patat_friet_frieten.svg.png ) . 
  as with many things in the netherlands ( like protestantism vs catholicism and soft g vs hard g sound ) the split is roughly at the three big rivers . 
  i do n't know if that wiki page takes that into account , but according to [ this website ] ( http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceid=005889 ) , the number of registered medical marijuana patients in the usa is 1,246,170 . 
  that 's less than 0.4 per cent of the entire population . 
  that of course does n't take into account the non-registered ones , but i doubt medical marijuana has a huge impact on the numbers in my first comment . 
  and yet cannabis use in both canada and the us is much higher than here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annual_cannabis_use_by_country, 
  eh , i can understand that it 's nice for a short stroll in between attractions , it 's not like you 'll spend half a day there . 
  there are souvenir and gift shops there too . 
  three seats actually, 
  i do n't know to be honest , the only thing i really remember is that i thought it was kinda like dutch sometimes ( which makes sense ) , but other than that i was probably too young when i learned english to form any real opinion about it beforehand . 
  i ca n't find specific info , but the riots happened in a neighbourhood that is notorious for frequent riots ( exarcheia ) , mostly by the extreme left . 
  the dutch [ top 40 ] ( https://www.top40.nl ), 
  yep , most houses here are attached to others . 
  insulation on newly built houses nowadays is alright , but our current house was built in the 90s and does n't have great insulation . 
  our neighbours have a piano , so i can hear every song they 're learning . 
  we can also hear them when they 're shouting at each other . 
  on the other hand , i have an electric guitar and an amp , so i often have my revenge .
