  second would probably be italy . 
  beautiful country with great weather and great people . 
  oh and great food . 
  italian has also been a language that i 'd like to learn for quite some time . 
  the only parts that i remember focusing on the americas were the history classes on colonialism and imperialism and the classes on enlightenment ( american revolution as a part of a larger movement ) . 
  if you wan na annoy the locals then definitely walk in the bicycle lane, 
  and do n't forget innovation . 
  progress has clearly ruined the netherlands . 
  remember when we used to rule the seven seas ? 
  we did n't have those damned televisions , telephones , windmills , cars and airplanes back then !, 
  conservatism taken too literally ... 
  oh that 's even worse then ... must be extremely frustrating , one of those things that 's very hard to do anything against . 
  humidity is a bitch ... as a dutchman i can relate , even though i love warm weather . 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/geertwilderspvv/status/768854382834311168?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw sorry for the mobile link btw , not at home right now, 
  it 's sadly not a bad translation , it literally says just that ( innovatie in dutch ) . 
  same for ` broadcaster ' . 
  the quote i gave is literally all it says on that . 
  i would be cautious replying to me then , you may catch a disease or something, 
  yeah i 've worn that same cross since i was a kid , received it from my godfather when i was baptised , never taken it off , i was n't planning on  i 'm just flabbergasted someone can take issue over something as small as this . 
  countries in southern and eastern europe must be hell on earth if a cross on a necklace frightens him . 
  maybe he 's a vampire . 
  apart from being racist and populist , they are getting inspiration from the trump campaign with quotes like `` make the netherlands ours again '' , and they presented their concept election programme this week and they announced that they were gon na cut spending on the following things ( translated quote ) :  no money to development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcaster , etc. 
  i like how the etc. 
  in there implies that the reader should figure out the rest even though it 's a list of completely unrelated things . 
  as someone who wears a cross ( i 'm not even that religious ) i 'm sorry that i frighten you ? 
  * tadatataaa * `` this match is brought to you by heineken '', 
  i grew up trilingually with dutch , greek and english . 
  i can speak spanish pretty well ( my accent is pretty good which makes it seem like i speak it better than i really do ) , i speak german , french and italian on a very basic level , enough to survive in those countries . 
  i 'm currently learning japanese , it 's a beautiful language but the writing system makes it unnecessarily difficult . 
  i would like to improve my italian and i would also like to start chinese sometime because it 's a very useful language . 
  in my experience as a half-greek , outside of touristy areas in greece service in restaurants is very fast . 
  you often have your main course within half an hour from ordering . 
  i do n't know about touristy areas though as i never go there . 
  fucking hell that 's beautiful , where is this ? 
  well , the uk is situated on islands separated from ( edit : mainland ) europe , so there are n't any roads directly connected to it . 
  there is the channel tunnel between france and england where you and your car are loaded on a train and transferred to the other side . 
  you 're automatically put on the correct side of the road when you arrive there , so there is not any interchange like that in the uk . 
  i believe it does exist between china ( right side ) and hong kong ( left side , former uk colony ) though . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so ca n't really search well but if you google it you should find what i 'm describing . 
  as others have said , you just have to get used to driving on the other side of the road . 
  it 's a bit weird but nothing hugely difficult . 
  it 's a bit more difficult to start driving in a car which has the steering wheel on the other side , as suddenly you 'll be shifting with your left hand . 
  that is unless you have an automatic of course . 
  i 'm always conflicted about levi 's . 
  they 're much more expensive over here than in the us but they fit me great and they look good i still think they 're worth the higher price . 
  my mother used to buy loads of levi 's jeans whenever she would go on business trips to the us . 
  could you clarify your question a bit maybe ? 
  are you asking whether we think subs like that are too america-biased ? 
  if so , yeah , i do think so . 
  it 's just the nature of reddit , americans outnumber other nationalities massively . 
  i tend to avoid subs like / r/news , / r/politicaldiscussion etc for that reason . 
  i even stopped browsing / r/olympics because it was just more about `` which american did reasonably well today ? '' . 
  the xenophobia/racism is not that big of a problem , honestly . 
  of course there are ignorant cunts everywhere . 
  it 's more that because americans dominate reddit it becomes more of an echo chamber for american opinions . 
  it could have been one of the reasons , but another probably important factor was the strife between the statists ( patricians and merchants mostly ) and the orangists ( supporters of the prince of orange ) . 
  the red-white-blue seemed to be favoured over the prince 's flag around the time that the statists were the most influential in the republic 's politics . 
  it 's not just the flag of the eu , it is also the flag of the [ council of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ), 
  calling people yellow in the netherlands is pretty borderline as well . 
  definitely not something i 'd say personally . 
  i do n't know , i 've been to santorini and to me it 's one of those places that you have to spend a day or two on because it 's so unique . 
  it 's not a place to spend weeks , but you kinda have to see it once in your lifetime because you wo n't see anything like it elsewhere , somewhat like a city like venice . 
  - amsterdam - london - athens - warsaw - paris - copenhagen - rome - luxembourg - edinburgh - lisbon i really wan na visit vienna and stockholm someday, 
  that 's not a reason for amsterdam to be overrated though . 
  it just means that there is more to see in the netherlands . 
  yeah that 's exactly the way i like to learn languages too . 
  learn the basics and then dive into movies , books , tv series etc. 
  i did the same with japanese and in terms of spoken language i understand quite a bit , but the kanji make reading so difficult . 
  it does n't help that there are multiple ways to pronounce kanji as well . 
  is there a lot of kanji in pokemon games ? 
  i suppose that they 're the more common / beginner kanji to appeal to young japanese kids as well ... 
  yeah it might not sound like the most inspiring nostalgic memory but my snes days are some of the moments i still remember most . 
  even on our old home videos you can hear the iconic sounds of iconic snes games like mario world playing in the background . 
  oh yeah , it 's one of the things that keeps me from advancing in learning japanese . 
  just when you think you 've gotten somewhere by learning two new alphabets ( hiragana and katakana ) , you also have to learn thousands of kanji just because ... would have been nice if japan switched away from chinese characters like korea did . 
  me too , it has a fascinating history , a beautiful language and a unique culture while indeed having that ` foreign but familiar ' feel to it . 
  it 's also because i grew up with a lot of japanese products . 
  nintendo games , sony televisions and other electronics , my parents had subaru and honda cars , yamaha motorcycles etc. 
  the snes . 
  i was actually from the n64 generation but instead of an n64 i had the snes that used to be owned by my cousin . 
  i spent so many hours of my childhood on that thing , with my family . 
  nowadays whenever i see or hear games like super mario world , mario kart , alladin or street fighter ii i get this huge nostalgia trip . 
  well there 's rich people everywhere , in my own country 1.3 % owns 39 % of the total private capital in the country . 
  to counter that , the government takes measures to redistribute wealth , by instating progressive tax systems , tax exemptions , wealth taxes and subsidies etc. 
  i do n't know how the situation is in the usa ( it varies across states , for one ) , so i ca n't judge how the situation is there . 
  of course , as a politician when your presidential campaign is hugely dependent on gifts and contributions by people from that 1 % , or when both your presidential candidates are part of that same 1 % , it becomes difficult to instate those kinds of measures that hit the higher incomes more than the lower incomes . 
   socialism is a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership and democratic control of the means of production ; [ 10 ] as well as the political ideologies , theories , and movements that aim at their establishment . 
  [ 11 ] social ownership may refer to forms of public , collective , or cooperative ownership ; from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialism ) . 
  communism is a form of socialism , be it one of the more extreme forms . 
  wages are probably specified through collective bargaining agreements then right ? 
  socialist as in the traditional meaning of the collective ownership of the means of production ? 
  scandinavian countries are capitalist countries where comprehensive measures are taken to promote social justice and equality ( both economic and societal ) . 
  minimum wages ( edit : not in all countries ) , paid leave , unemployment benefits , student benefits , that kind of thing . 
  social democracy , or the [ nordic model ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ) would be more accurate for the scandinavians . 
  your country wo n't go bankrupt by introducing these kind of programmes as long as you 're able to raise the taxes to pay for them . 
  scandinavian countries generally have the highest taxes in europe . 
  i do n't think satellite radio exists over here . 
  i only rarely hear about it in an american context . 
  it sounds to me like satellite radio is mainly useful for big , rural countries . 
  european countries are densely populated and radio stations are often country or language specific , which kinda eliminates the need for satellite radio , am/fm , or often digital audio broadcasting , suffices .
