  pretty boring :p, 
  and you can compound the diseases too for extra effect like : tyfusteringpleuriskolerejong, 
   4 . the dutch are perhaps the friendliest . 
  oh stop it you :3  7 . you guys are way more into the eu than americans are generally aware of . 
  like , by a lot . 
  if you approached a man on the street and said , `` the eu has prevented war for 70 years , '' he would be like , '' ... is n't ... but is n't that a trade thing ? '', 
  to be honest though , reddit gives a bit of a distorted view of that . 
  the financial crisis and the refugee crisis have been very bad for the image of the eu as perceived by the common european . 
  you see a lot of them here ( a lot of tesla taxis too ) because they were very attractive in terms of taxes ( or the lack thereof ), 
  european automakers do make some pickup trucks , like the volkswagen amarok , but i have n't seen many of them in the flesh . 
  in the netherlands most of the pickup trucks i see are american ( which often looks ridiculously out of place between all the small practical hatchbacks ) , but they 're rare . 
  in greece i 've noticed they 're almost all japanese pickup trucks in the countryside . 
  toyota hilux , nissan navara and mitsubishi l200 mostly . 
  sometimes you see an older volkswagen here or there . 
  eh , i 'd say the golf gti and mustang are n't in the same category . 
  a mustang is a coupe with ( as you said ) a big engine , whereas a golf gti is more a upgraded golf , it 's a hot hatch , more comparable to a ford focus st. 
  it has 207hp compared to over 300hp ( starting ) for the mustang . 
  a golf r would be more in the ballpark of a mustang , but still a very different car . 
  the mustang has a certain sportscar image ( not just in the us ) that 's very different to the golf gti . 
  mostly beer ( heineken , amstel , grolsch , bavaria etc ) , but also jenever ( dutch gin ), 
  imo venice is one of those places that you kind of have to tick off on your list . 
  myself i enjoyed spending four days there , but i can totally understand the criticisms . 
  it is expensive , cramped and very touristy . 
  did n't find it particularly gross or grimy myself but i can imagine that in the summer the heat and the slow moving water in the canals do n't combine well . 
  still , it 's one of those places that are very unique and you wo n't really get what it 's like unless you 've been there , even if it 's just for a day . 
  stuff like the waterbuses , the water taxis , the bridges and canals everywhere , the whole atmosphere . 
  there 's also a lot of stuff to see in the museums and churches . 
  st mark 's basilica is breathtaking imo . 
  edit : never been to florence and naples , but i will definitely visit florence sometime , and from the stories and pictures i have no trouble believing that it is the best choice of the four . 
  well , first of all dutch and english are very close , and they share a lot of cognates to begin with , but it 's indeed very common for modern english words to enter the language , especially with younger people . 
   do you think that this downgrades the quality of the language ? 
  not really , sometimes there are moments when you think `` there would have been a better dutch way to say that '' , and you encounter anglicisms which do n't 100 % work in dutch from time to time , but language evolves and dutch has been influenced by a variety of languages over the years ( a lot of french in the past ) , and the fact that it contains so many foreign influences i think has some kind of beauty to it . 
   american football is not played or broadcast here , and apart from the super bowl you 'll rarely hear anything about it . 
  average knowledge about the rules goes about as far as `` it 's like rugby but with body protection '' . 
  american football is definitely played here , we have american football leagues , and the amsterdam admirals were even reasonably famous when nfl europe still existed, 
  the johto games were my favourite . 
  i had silver back in the day . 
  i loved the show too though one piece is another we did n't get, 
   you guys should have bought the german music and added some filters to make it sound vaguely dutch . 
  problem solved . 
  :d we should have just added a lot of ggggchhhh 's all over it , make the text inaudible and boom who would notice the difference ? 
  :p we did have some shows that would do dutch songs , pok\u00e9mon would do them very often ( enough budget cause of the huge pok\u00e9mon craze probably ) . 
  i think all openings since the [ johto season ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-roats3fi4m ) were in dutch . 
   abomination . 
  ( that 's the australian theme afaik ) hahahah this is amazing . 
  we never got naruto on dutch tv i think, 
  i checked on youtube , i 'm pretty sure we just had [ this music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjvslshdylm ) during evolutions . 
  the dub is english but the music is the same as in the dutch version . 
  it makes sense though , dutch television does n't have nearly as much money for localisation as the german tv does ( and add to that the fact that there is a big dubbing culture in germany ) , so osts and stuff rarely get done , so they had the choice between the original japanese music during the show ( which no one would understand ) or the english stuff , which kids would understand a little more . 
  checking those songs you linked though , and the original japanese ost , we missed some great stuff . 
  eh not really , pretty forgettable imo , i was never a huge digimon fan anyway , but i occasionally watched it , but that intro hardly has any nostalgic value to me to be honest . 
  i think the same song as the english intro was played when they were digivolving . 
  could be wrong though , but the theme you linked does n't sound familiar, 
  [ we had the english theme in the netherlands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99qbst8qj0s ), 
  it was in the top 2000 two years in a row !, 
  though last year it was much higher than the year before . 
  has to be the [ pok\u00e9mon intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xkwicmkkjg ) for me . 
  i watched a lot of other shows like beyblade , yu-gi-oh !, 
  and medabots , but none of the themes give me quite the feeling the pok\u00e9mon one does . 
  seeing that intro before an episode got me so pumped as a kid . 
  our opening theme was n't dubbed ( rest of the show was ) , so that 's why i linked the english version . 
  username checks out, 
  to be fair nrw is your biggest bundesland by quite a margin, 
  napoleon 's brother , king louis of holland ( napoleonic rule was the only time that the netherlands as a country was actually called holland ) took residence in amsterdam and he declared amsterdam the capital of the kingdom , even though the seat of government had always been the hague . 
  after the country was freed the government moved back to the hague , but the capital stayed in amsterdam . 
  according to this wikipedia article it was a bit of a conciliatory move from the royalist faction towards the republicans . 
  after napoleonic rule the country became an independent kingdom for the first time , before that it had always been a republic and amsterdam had always been a bastion of republicanism . 
  yeah , pretty easy for us . 
  eh , i mean , how could a proud dutchman possibly cheer for germany ?!, 
  belgium though , often but not always . 
  it depends on who they 're playing against . 
  is acquiring a second citizenship not allowed by german law ? 
  never done it , it 's always a standard price at my barber, 
   from what i understand both nissan and honda make cars in the uk that get exported to japan and they do n't mess about on quality . 
  yeah , the honda civic hatchback for example is made in swindon , but in terms of quality and reliability it 's as good and reliable as one would expect from honda, 
   however , he really hates volkswagen for some reason , dubbing it volksschrott . 
  i believe he also has a distate for opel . 
  ( come to think of it , i do n't think he likes audi either . 
  he 's very particular in what he likes and does n't like . ), 
  so basically he thinks most german cars are terrible too ? 
  only bmw , porsche and mercedes remain . 
   also watching youtube videos , seeing all the comments make me a little scared trust me , youtube comments make everyone scared, 
  it 's okay / u/spacehippode , we will gladly accept you and protect you from the tyrranny of sparkling water . 
  henceforth you shall be known as / u/spacehipponl !, 
  the kaaskop starterpack , including your passport , a bike , bitterballen , salmiak liquorice , stroopwafels and ugly orange football gear , is already on its way to you !, 
  interesting !, 
  i have never asked for water at the febo so i would n't be able to confirm or deny that . 
  i remember it happening to me in germany , getting sparkling water instead of still water , but never in the netherlands, 
  i 'm from around amsterdam , i 've * never * gotten sparkling water when i asked for water edit : the carbonated iced tea thing is true though , it 's the standard lipton sparkling ice tea, 
  if you ask for water here , you get still water . 
  you have to specifically ask for sparkling water here if you want that . 
  i do n't know , i 'm no expert on british politics , but the support for the monarchy is something separate of the whole brexit thing i think . 
  my impression is that there is a lot of support for the monarchy in the uk , i do n't see it changing anytime soon . 
  if you 're going to be there late april , then definitely do n't miss [ king 's day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koningsdag ) on the 27th of april . 
  it 's a celebration of the birthday of the dutch king , everyone dresses up in orange ( our national colour ) and there 's parties , festivals and flea markets everywhere . 
  [ an impression of what the canals of amsterdam can look like on king 's day ] ( https://i0.wp.com/stuffdutchpeoplelike.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/kingsday.png?fit=1400%2c748&amp;ssl=1 ) . 
  japan , australia or nz, 
  i just hope you keep voting for what you think is right , the only thing that makes me even more sad about british politics is the amount of young brits who do n't vote, 
  jesus christ , what a dirty way of influencing the voters , by acting as if an alternative system is an mutually exclusive to babies having a healthy life . 
  stuff like this is why i 'm so fundamentally against referenda,
