  `` mother russia is here '', 
  i think you 'll find plenty of economists who do support regulated markets . 
  you can find economists supporting every political ideology you want . 
  ahh , those were the days ... 
  a slow song is not necessarily bad , and can be successful , look at calm after the storm , which was a great song imo . 
  anouk was the first dutch act in 10 years ( or something ) to get to the final , and that song was not exactly crowd moving either . 
  i do n't really think that we do the loud and energetic stuff well . 
  not well enough to compete with the other energetic songs at eurovision at least . 
  honestly , i 'd be a bit surprised if we get to the final . 
  calm after the storm was one of those songs that would get better the more you listened to it , but i feel that walk along is the exact opposite . 
  did not mean to say that you did , it was just more of a statement in general, 
   so more people support it and that 's about it . 
  yes more people support it than are against it , but there has to be a much bigger gap between those that want it and those that do n't to even think about something like federalisation . 
  interesting , i did hear it when i was on exchange in the uk ( england ) . 
  might be a regional thing . 
  in the uk `` asian '' is often used for indian/pakistani people . 
  its quite useful sometimes . 
  if you see a group of guys in suits you can guess the dutchman by the shoes and 90 % of the time you 'll be right !, 
  clogs ofcourse, 
  are you in need of some freedom \u2122 ? 
  ca n't help it , we 're so underground that we 're below sea level . 
  we legalised gay marriage before it was cool !!, 
  dont forget varoufakis literally eats kittens for breakfast !!, 
  i do n't think our country would survive another ned - ger final ... 
  at least you 'll agree that it is condescending , unnecessary and offensive when the story itself had nothing to do with any southern country . 
  i gave this example because as a news reader you 're supposed to at least come over at least a little objectively . 
  i can also mention my uni professor who in lectures would pile up stereotype after stereotype . 
  he called brits ` arrogant ' and russians ` crazy ' , among others . 
  what i 'm trying to say , that this condescending , and often discriminatory attitude is much more prevalent than we may realise . 
  a dutchman thanking the germans for winning a world cup . 
  now i think i 've seen everything . 
  people in the netherlands are the worst when it comes to casual racism . 
  too many dutchmen do n't understand that racism can be the small things you say too . 
  an example of this not so long ago was when a corruption scandal was discovered at a bus company , and the news reader would say on national television ` this is something that you would n't expect to happen here , but rather in some kind of southern country ' . 
  it 's remarks like these that are the worst . 
  and this is the more subtle things . 
  i 'm not even going to begin about politics . 
  ofcourse there 's also the occasional moron who calls a greek restaurant and asks if it would be possible for him not to pay after he has had dinner , because ` we allow you greeks the same ' . 
  he 's kinda famous here because of his interesting [ claims ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/euthanasia-in-the-netherlands-rick-santorums-bogus-statistics/2012/02/21/giqajarbsr_blog.html ) about euthanasia in the netherlands, 
  bush played a large role in the hate towards the usa . 
  obama is much more likeable and he made efforts to introduce things like a decent healthcare system . 
  can you imagine the hate if romney or santorum would have been elected ? 
  i have the feeling that tsipras looks up to the us and obama 's vision because of the whole austerity vs keynesianism debate . 
  european left-wing parties have the austerity politics in their own countries to criticise . 
  we have a very small one called the nederlandse volks-unie ( dutch peoples ' union ) . 
  fairly standard neonazi stuff i think , and they want to unite the netherlands and flanders . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.ilga-europe.org/sites/default/files/attachments/01_full_annual_review.pdf ), 
  this shows to me that social-democrat parties should not forget who the core of their voters are . 
  the dutch labour party has made this mistake and lost a huge amount of support to the socialist party . 
  from my experience , here it works well enough to be able to use it as a poor man 's satnav in the car . 
  but i would n't say that i live in a remote area . 
  he probably had a relapse after looking at the seychelles flag, 
  latin should be the official language for the anthem , just because it is badass . 
  in the netherlands we use nation wide party lists with proportional representation . 
  no party has ever had a majority on its own , which is why coalitions are normal . 
  there is room for different voices to be heard and you will always have coalitions where parties keep each other in check . 
  it also makes sure that practically no vote is lost . 
  there is a threshold of 0.67 % of the vote ( total votes divided by the 150 seats ) . 
  this and the fact that the system is proportional prevents ukip scenarios . 
  as much as i dislike farage , this is ridiculous . 
  yup a well known strategy . 
  here , geert wilders used that one to gain on the vvd ( right wing ) by saying that ' a vote for the vvd is a vote for the pvda ( labour ) ' . 
  in the netherlands there are mini-elections held in schools around the same time that the general elections are held and our own populist geert wilders and his party has won those the last two times . 
  so that is not something unique to the uk . 
  however you have to question the legitimacy of such results , as the kids know that they are voting for nothing and some of them find it cool and edgy to be able to say that they voted for ukip/wilders . 
  speaking as an outsider , my impression is that a large part of the success of ukip is exactly because of the fptp system . 
  different voices than labour/conserv . 
  are less likely to be heard in and thus people may resort to more extreme parties who challenge the establishment . 
  if there was more room for different parties with a more proportional election system ukip would become a whole lot less attractive for voters . 
  you need competition in politics in order to keep your main parties honest, 
  to me this system is just plain antidemocratic , regardless of who wins or loses out, 
  i do n't know of any dutch legend like that , but i do know one from my other country , greece : according to legend the eastern roman emperor constantine xi , who died during the fall of constantinople in 1453 , has been turned into marble . 
  he will return to reconquer the city for the christians . 
  you can thank blatter for that , who gave every fa an equal vote in order secure his presidency for as long as he wants . 
  the cook islands have just as much to say as brazil for example . 
  with money often comes corruption , and there 's a lot of money in the game, 
  it feels like there is no one to stop them . 
  countries are still happy to pay billions to fifa to host the world cup . 
  last year the fbi started an investigation into the qatar bidding process but i have n't heard of any developments yet, 
   any potential male blood donor in france who admits ever having had sex with a man is automatically and permanently banned from giving blood . 
  sounds to me like the french do the same . 
  it is the same in the netherlands too . 
   working hard and efficient spoken like a true and worthy german !, 
  dutch diplomats were briefed on the situation , and the ministries knew about the situation three days before mh17 was shot down, 
  sounds like a weird algorithm to me if it manages to get a post with 91 votes down to 68 % upvoted ( the ratio was much worse earlier too ), 
  yeah , the vvd is actually somewhat like the independence party that you describe . 
  there is not really a right-wing party in the netherlands that could replace the vvd in terms of being conservative , except for the populist pvv , who are socially conservative ( and i think that many would agree with me if i would call them plain racist ) , but economically very much left-wing . 
  therefore they can always count on the right-wing conservative voters . 
  they have actually started taking a more strict stance on things like immigration to pull some of the voters back from the pvv . 
  speak : dutch , greek , english had spanish , french and german at school , but my understanding of those languages is more passive than active . 
  i really liked spanish though . 
  it is quite an easy language to learn and the pronunciation is similar to greek . 
  three years of latin in high school helped me a lot with french and spanish vocabulary i am currently trying to learn some japanese , but breaks because of university stuff are not helping . 
  plan to learn : i want to freshen up my spanish , continue learning japanese and i would really like to learn italian . 
  stuff like that leads me to think that vvd promises like `` 1000 euros for everyone '' are the only thing they care about, 
  and even so , they are still the biggest party in the polls . 
  it 's not like most of their voters particularly care . 
  i agree . 
  greece got a terrible deal on opap ( the gambling company ) for example, 
  the greek government * wants * reforms in the spirit of improving tax collection , that 's not the problem .
