  when my sister came to visit she had to explain where she was from , where she was going , who she was meeting and who was waiting for her ( me ) at the airport . 
  i think it 's common for people of student 's age . 
  i 've studied in the uk , and yes , i 've been delayed and asked my purpose of stay in the uk etc repeatedly . 
  it was n't like i spent 15 minutes there explaining myself , it was quite quick , but it 's the only country in europe that i 've had to do it . 
  edit : i do n't know what the eu law is regarding passport checks , and so i do n't know if it 's a violation of the law, 
  i suppose the closest for the netherlands would be geert wilders , but he probably wo n't really be able to do that much damage because he 'll still have to work with other parties in a coalition . 
   / german gibberish german is dutch gibberish , you traitor !, 
  europa and europa !, 
  edit : all right all right language : dutch moon : europa continent : europa, 
  sweet yeah , minty sounds better tbh, 
  mannn fuck that stuff , bloodstone dust piles are like those clothes on your bedroom floor . 
  it 's permanently there . 
  it builds up , until at some point you almost die falling over it ( or you have no other inventory space ) so you clean it up again , then your room is clean for a day and the cycle starts again , ad infinitum . 
  it 's pretty common in shops here nowadays , i never buy it though cause honestly the taste is kinda boring, 
  by the time i 've gotten my inventory sorted to have enough room for halloween drops the festival will be over :'), 
  yeah the different intonation is the first thing you notice with the flemish as well . 
  the weird thing is that , in my experience , there is no relation between how good or bad their english is and them pronouncing it like id . 
  i 've heard people who spoke the finest queen 's english who would still make the mistake . 
  interesting , i always find swiss german easier because of their accent . 
  words may be different than standard german but the swiss accent makes it quite a bit easier for me, 
  i had quite a lot of ( dutch ) people in my class back in high school who would do that as well , it was one of my pet peeves, 
  ~ ~ wintersday ~ ~ halloween in guild wars 1 was the first time i ever heard of it haha, 
  no i have seen candy canes , i may have worded that a bit weird . 
  candy canes are pretty common nowadays during christmas because of american cultural influence . 
  a few decades ago you would n't find them here though . 
  never ever seen candy corn in real life though . 
   `` rally driver english '' kimi raikkonen-style english ( yesyes he 's an f1 driver but he did rally too ) always makes me smile . 
  i always find mika hakkinen pleasant to listen to, 
  i can sometimes even distinguish people from different regions in the netherlands when they 're speaking english . 
  it 's actually quite easy to distinguish flemish people from dutch as well in english , everything they do different in dutch they do different in english as well . 
  the smashing plates thing is a gimmicky and touristy thing yes , but i 've seen it a few times in my village in central greece , which has no tourism whatsoever . 
   atlas is almost 3000 i think you mean the olympus , the atlas is in the maghreb , 
  edit : scratch that , i was confusing it with candy canes . 
  i 've only seen candy corn in ~ ~ christmas ~ ~ ( 2nd edit : halloween actually ) - themed festivals in games . 
  do n't think i 've seen it in real life ever . 
  it makes a lot of sense that it sounds like that , cause dutch is basically the closest language to english except for frisian . 
  nowadays english pronunciation of words is very different , but if you listen to what people think medieval english was supposed to sound like , it sounds a lot closer to dutch in terms of pronunciation as well . 
  for example [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/tcckcthwqkw?t=31s ) sounds kinda disconcerting to me , because it sounds almost exactly like dutch to me yet the words do n't quite make sense . 
  i can appreciate a bit of good teasing between countries but the whole swamp german thing is just a bit unoriginal and not really funny . 
  and , similar to what / u/laoba said , some people may associate it with stuff like pan-germanism . 
  many in the young generations wo n't care and wo n't immediately associate it with that ( it 's not the reason i do n't like it personally , i just think it 's boring ) but the older generations have lived through some messy stuff with that . 
  yeah true , but those are regular stereotypes outside of reddit too . 
  op was asking for reddit-specific ones, 
   pay your damn employees , it 's a disgrace in a country that calls itself the land of the free . 
  in the realm of free economics this is a very logical system though . 
  not that that 's a good thing . 
  the usual stereotype in the world is that we all do drugs but if we look at what reddit says , then i guess the whole swamp german thing annoys me a bit . 
  we 're not any more german than , say , the danish or something . 
  all right , i was just reiterating what two of your compatriots said here . 
  good to hear a different perspective too . 
  yeah , instead of a system where it 's like `` waiter a has table 1,2 and 3 '' it 's more like `` waiters a , b and c do this part of the restaurant '' . 
  i see , / u/neilold is saying the same thing . 
  it 's a very interesting contradiction almost , waiters want customers to feel like they 're getting all the service they can have , but the customers are kinda afraid to ask for it because they never have to . 
  it 's perfectly normal , give them a wave , a nod or even call them if they 're close by and they 're not noticing , pretty much just do what you normally do when you want someone to notice you , you do n't have to worry about bothering the waiter , just try not to bother other customers . 
  waiters generally just walk around the restaurant to keep an eye on things and so they 'll notice it when you want something . 
  and because in most places there are multiple waiters waiting the same tables , a waiter will send over someone else if they 're too busy themselves . 
  it does make me wonder though , what is the general american opinion ? 
  would a restaurant in the us with a more european and laid-back style of waiting be criticised and hated on by the general customer base ? 
  i 've often seen a lot of american tourists write bad reviews about perfectly fine restaurants here because the service is n't what they 're used to , aka the waiters generally leaving them alone a lot of the time , instead of constantly nagging them . 
   try and have a mini-conversation with you . 
  some people can appreciate that i think , but not me , i know the waiter is not really interested in me and i 'm definitely not interested in them , so just stick to your job . 
   and , at the end of the meal , they 'll let you know you 're no longer welcome , because they will plop the check down , and then say , `` is there anything else i can get you ? 
  here 's the check . 
  no rush ! '', 
  translation : get the fuck out , so i can have new customers and earn more tips !, 
  say that to me and i 'll make sure not to rush at all !, 
  i ca n't speak from personal experience in the usa , but , from stories that i 've heard from family and friends , waiters tend to be much more eager and giving you much more personal ( they even introduce themselves etc ) attention than in other countries , with the goal to get you to feel that you get good service and they earn their tip . 
  when i visit shops and restaurants i want to be left alone with my friends/family/etc as much as possible , so i think that the traditional american waiter would drive me crazy . 
  i guess that also ties into the cultural habit of americans to make a lot of small talk with strangers , which is not common in much of europe . 
  it 's like a european ( or argentinean ) spanish j , probably a little harsher than , say , a mexican j ( do n't know where your family is from ) , but the idea is the same , 
  i 've heard that a few times now , it 's interesting cause i have never really experienced it that way , probably because english has n't really been an unknown language to me since early elementary school so i ca n't really remember how it sounds or feels when i do n't know the language . 
  it certainly makes sense though , dutch is probably the closest to english , apart from frisian which is even closer . 
  generally the thing that throws people off about dutch is the harsh g/ch sound ( like the spanish j ) . 
  if you ignore that the language is actually pretty okay imo . 
  there are n't a whole lot of dutch animated films , the market is too small and the kids channels generally dub foreign animated series ( japanese anime at first like pokemon , yu-gi-oh etc and more recently western animation like adventure time ) . 
  that said there are a few animated films out there , one was a dutch animated movie that came out recently with some famous dutch people as voice actors , called pim and pom : the big adventure . 
  you can find the [ trailer here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr_nr46j3i8 ) . 
  i have n't watched it myself so i do n't know if it 's any good , but the art style is based on drawings that came with the original written stories . 
  another one that came out this year was [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z55imjo2nlk ) there are some stop-motion animated movies too like [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxpqqrxt770 ) , but since you mentioned anime i figured you meant more traditional animation . 
  as far a series go a very big traditional animated series in the netherlands is [ nijntje ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrfmso17abo ) ( it 's meant to look like you 're going through a picture book though i think ) . 
  oh , there is also one of the most infamous animated series [ purno de purno ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwrfwwgus1i ) ( with english subtitles , yes it 's meant to sound like porno de porno ) , which ... yeah , i do n't even know how that happened . 
  a lot of drugs and perverts , under the guise of art , were probably involved . 
  do n't do drugs , kids . 
  edit : i should probably mention [ alfred jodokus kwak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfred_j._kwak ) too which was perhaps the most famous dutch story animated into a tv series . 
  it was a dutch-german-japanese co-production ( mainly japanese animation i think ) though so it only half counts as far as dutch animation goes . 
  yeah that 's cool , i myself do n't really like mandarin , and i really like japanese , so yeah we 're kind of the opposite haha hating on people for liking a different way of presenting a medium is stupid that 's for sure . 
  purists in general can be fucking annoying sometimes , it 's true for other things than anime as well . 
  just let people enjoy what they like . 
  again , personally i do n't care for dubs because of the reasons i described . 
  except for stuff like pok\u00e9mon that aired here on kids tv channels when i was young , there i prefer the dubs because of the nostalgia connected to those voice actors , 
  that staccato sound is very overexaggerated in anime though , i mean , germans do n't talk like their nickelodeon cartoons either . 
  i do n't really care for dubs myself mostly because dutch dubs do n't exist and therefore everything is in a foreign language so i might as well stick to the original foreign language , but in germany everything is dubbed , so that 's a bit different . 
  very important , the dutch economy heavily depends on trade with surrounding countries , so french and german skills are valued highly . 
  ah yeah sure mate , whatever you say, 
  i 've got a bad feeling about this, 
  let 's just make sure our william does n't ditch us for the english court again, 
   swiss german is like nails on a chalkboard interestingly swiss german is so much easier for me to understand than any other form of german, 
  thanks < 3 we 're kinda used to it :'), 
   i really dislike japanese . 
  interesting , to me japanese has always sounded like one of the most straightforward phonetic languages , i find it very simplistically beautiful , and the choking on something you associate japanese is something i 've never associated it with .
