  gezellig in dutch does not necessarily imply something social . 
  they 're quite close , but not exactly the same i think , i 'm not an expert on norwegian and danish though . 
  gezellig is a very broad term so it 's hard to exactly translate it . 
  words like gemutlichkeit encompass some of the meanings but not all . 
  for the netherlands : - adjective : dutch - noun for people from the netherlands : dutchman and dutchwoman , but the latter is not nearly as common as the former . 
  i 've sometimes heard `` a dutch '' but that is n't correct - the language is dutch people often think the pennsylvania dutch are dutch , but they 're german , with the dutch in their name coming from the german ` deutsch ' . 
  in dutch a person from the netherlands is a nederlander ( m ) or nederlandse ( f ) , and the language is called nederlands . 
  english is the only language to call us ` dutch ' or anything close to it , which originates from the times when all non-romance , germanic languages were called a precursor of the word `` dutch/diets/deutsch '' etc , which meant `` language of the common people '' , as opposed to latin , which was non-native and more for writing . 
  the dutch were the people who through trade ( and wars ) had the most contact with the peoples on the british isles and thus the ` dutch ' stuck in english for the people from the low countries . 
  it could be both , but it 's most probably an americanised version of a dutch name as you originally thought . 
  de bilt is a place in the centre of the netherlands . 
  dutch surnames were often americanised when they moved to america . 
  so even if the proper dutch way was to spell it van der bilt , they would transform it to vanderbilt because english does n't really have the van der/de la/del etc structure . 
  well , there 's the different ways to spell surnames like van halen . 
  these toponymic surnames are very common in the netherlands , meaning `` from ( ... ) '' or `` from the ( ... ) '' . 
  in the netherlands , you would spell the `` van '' without a capital letter when the surname is attached to the first name . 
  so eddie van halen ( american spelling ) would be eddie van halen in the netherlands . 
  when the surname is written on its own though , you write the `` van '' with a capital letter , like `` van halen '' , because it is the start of a proper name , and thus it requires a capital letter at the start . 
  i do n't think this is unique to the netherlands though . 
  in my experience flemish people often have the `` van '' attached to the toponym , like in stoffel vandoorne . 
  it depends on the school of course , but in my school we used [ this system ] ( https://www.tijdvakken.nl/en/ ) as we progressed through the years . 
  at the top of the page you can see so-called ` epochs ' . 
  they are eras with each their own themes and topics to focus on . 
  the site is in what appears to be automatically translated english so if you 're interested feel free to browse it ( the english is dodgy though , but you get the picture ) . 
  you see an overview of the important subjects per epoch , and you can click on the subjects to see a pretty elaborate explanation of what each of them entails . 
  generally though it focuses on mostly european history and some world history and how it was relevant for the netherlands . 
  the epochs are : 1 . 
  time of hunters and farmers 2 . 
  time of greeks and romans 3 . 
  time of monks and knights 4 . 
  time of cities and states 5 . 
  time of discoverers and reformers 6 . 
  time of regents and princes 7 . 
  time of wigs and revolutions 8 . 
  time of citizens and steam engines 9 . 
  time of world wars 10 . 
  time of television and computer, 
   their way of striking is not writing out tickets . . and creating traffic jams on the highways, 
  it was fucking horrible , killed a whole generation of men for nothing , and here we 're very glad that we remained neutral, 
  i 've only ever heard of davy crockett , because there 's a disneyland paris hotel named after him, 
  it 's the same here , a child cut out from a will still has a right to at least half of what they would have gotten . 
  another dutchman here , i 've never seen them , not in the way you described . 
  and nah , we do n't really get much snow . 
  greek mothers and grandmothers do n't help . 
  whenever i visit my greek grandmother i get a meal big enough to feed 3 people . 
  they chase you with food all the fucking time . 
  this is common in the rest of the mediterranean too i think , but it 's particularly the case in greece , where your grandparents have probably had a rough life with the world war , civil war and military junta . 
  all these turbulent times weighed heavily on the population . 
  people were pretty poor . 
  now that food is in abundance , they see it as a good thing when their kids are a bit chubby , cause it shows that things are well . 
  combine that with the fact that meat has become * very * popular in greece . 
  in the villages people used to eat a lot of homegrown vegetables etc , but nowadays as urbanisation increases people move to processed super market foods etc. 
  and in the villages meats have become popular too , because back in the time of your grandparents meat used to be something special and expensive , and now that they can afford meat , they take pride in eating and serving it . 
  finally , i do n't know the situation in the cities , but back in my village , children do n't exercise much , at least not compared to other countries . 
  they rarely join sports clubs etc. 
  ( even though my village has enough of them ) . 
  the netherlands was the biggest trade power in the mid 17th century , which leads to interesting historical quirks like this . 
  but in the grand scheme of things we were n't * that * important so it 's understandable that we 're not very prominent in history lessons . 
  interesting read , thanks !, 
  hahah i got a good giggle out of that video , 
  yeah that would make a lot of sense , probably combined with the fact that it 's one of those things that in the bigger picture of dutch history is n't * that * important . 
  i would have loved to learn more about interesting trivia like this in history classes back in high school though . 
  yeah , even though i 've always liked some nice historical trivia i did n't know about it until i took some japanese language lessons a few years ago . 
  the teacher ( who was korean funnily enough ) heard that i was trying to get into some japanese history and told me about it . 
  i then read up on it and i was like `` how have i never heard about this ? 
  i do n't know if it 's * the most * interesting piece of history , but one that fascinates me is [ dejima ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dejima ) . 
  from 1641 until 1854 the dutch were the only western power allowed to trade with japan . 
  this was primarily in response to the big religious influence that spain and portugal had on japan , while the dutch were mostly just interested in making money . 
  the trade was very restricted . 
  the dutch were only allowed to come to the small artificial island dejima in nagasaki . 
  no dutchman was to cross from the island to nagasaki , and no japanese person was to cross from nagasaki to dejima , except for japanese interpreters , cooks , carpenters , clerks and ` women of pleasure ' . 
  because the dutch were the only western power in japan , the japanese kept up with western technology and science through so-called [ ` dutch learning ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rangaku ) . 
  japanese scholars would learn dutch , they would publish dutch-japanese dictionaries and dutch books , to keep up with western science . 
  this all resulted in quite some [ dutch words entering the japanese language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glossary_of_japanese_words_of_dutch_origin ) . 
  i 'm not nearly as knowledgeable or as good talking about it as / r/thenetherlands ' resident expert of japanese-dutch relations , / u/koektrom, 
  it 's only really a thing for parties , makes it easy for the organisers to pick a theme, 
  i know , but i 'd rather pretend that i 'm not home than to have all my neighbours notice that i 've turned off my bell :'), 
  i only do it once a year though ... 
  i 'd have to step it up to every day to be a true finn ... maybe i should try a rally car one day , if i 'm suddenly insanely good without any practice that 'll be a true indication of finnishness, 
   11th of november where young children go around the neighbourhood and gather candy confession time : everytime st maarten comes around i switch off all the lights , draw the curtains , go lay in bed , watch some series with headphones on and ignore all the times the doorbell rings ... 
  as far as mainstream goes it 's only really people like drake who score hits . 
  most people i know do n't listen to any rap at all , and some of them listen to people like future . 
  it could be selection bias though , it may be popular with other people , but in my environment it 's very much a niche . 
  gabber is not as big anymore , but i guess you could call [ hardstyle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaihtvifgt0 ) its successor . 
  it 's influenced by gabber and massively popular . 
  probably one of the most popular music styles for dutch youth right now . 
  nah , freddy is nicknamed vieze fur , so that 's what i was referencing, 
  is she dirty as well ? 
  i can only bear to listen to de jeugd personally , they 're brilliant, 
  imo lot of it is just normal negotiations rhetoric . 
  start out on the extreme , and then you work towards a compromise . 
  the more extreme your starting point often means the more you get out of the compromise . 
  then once you have reached an agreement , which goes against some of the things you said previously , you just say to the public : `` negotiations were tough , eu was being hard on us , they made an example out of us , it was necessary for our economy , yada yada , etc etc '' and then you move on . 
  edit : lol nice downvotes guys, 
  me too , japan has a fascinating history , learning about stuff like [ dejima ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dejima ) got me very interested in the rest of the history . 
  i think the uk will just join the eea , to be honest . 
  it 'll be a worse deal for them than being in the eu , but that way uk will have officially left the eu while keeping the trade benefits . 
  more heat was probably the wrong way to say it , i want more of the 25 < degrees days , more frequently . 
  more beach days . 
  i seem to like warm climates better than most dutch people i know though .
