  i 'm on mobile right now so if you want later today i can try to see if i still have the case study laying around somewhere . 
  there were a lot of things that went wrong like not understanding european vacation behaviour ( long cheap holidays rather than expensive short holidays ) and not understanding their french employees ( like forcing the american smiling upon them , for example ) . 
  this was just a classic example of a big american company doing too little to adjust their corporate culture to the local market . 
  american and european cultures seem close enough ( shared history , common ancestry etc ) on first glance for companies to severely underestimate the deeper cultural issues and adjustment it requires . 
  i had a similar case in uni about disneyland paris , where disney made the same exact mistake . 
  i was 7 when we got the euro so i have 0 memory of what it was like with the guilder . 
  i absolutely love it that i do n't have to worry about currencies when traveling in ( most of ) europe . 
  bit harsh to downvote him that much , dont you think guys ? 
  even your own provider will charge you . 
  there are many big providers that are present in most of europe like t-mobile and vodafone ( verizon in the ~ ~ is ~ ~ edit : us , lol , not is ) , and most charge you regardless of whether you 're their customer in another country . 
  the national markets are separate . 
  yes , you always had to turn off roaming to make sure you do n't accidentally have to pay a fortune . 
  nowadays though there are many providers here offering some limited free roaming for everyone , and the eu is trying to ban roaming charges within the union next year . 
  yes , like discovering a new moon , and then realising it 's the death star, 
  this is like finding a unicorn , but in a negative way, 
  i think that france has a much better team than england does , and they should be able to beat iceland . 
  however , iceland is one of those teams that may not have a lot of attacking quality , but if they do score you 're fucked . 
  they defend well and can stall the game . 
  if france does concede a goal in the match then i can see it being very difficult for them to come back , they may also start to panic from the pressure of being the host country . 
  france should be able to win this , but depending on how the game progresses i could certainly see an upset happening . 
  if iceland does progress further , i see them losing in the semi-finals against the winner of germany - italy . 
  well , i grew up trilingually ( dutch , greek and english ) , so i guess it may be easier for me to pick up new languages , and so my answer here will be influenced by that . 
  apart from those three languages ( and german and french in school ) i 've also tried to learn spanish and japanese because i was interested in them , no one forced me to and they are useless in my daily life . 
  therefore even if , say , i grew up in the uk and only knew english i think i 'd probably still be interested in learning a few other languages . 
  yep , this is what is associated with liberal in the netherlands as well, 
  i have n't visited the usa yet , which i really want to do once i have the time and money , but moving there is not something i see myself doing . 
  worse work conditions ( less vacation , more insecurity ) than here , too much power with corporations as opposed to the government , weird gun laws etc. 
  cause i just returned from a night partying with my mates in amsterdam , 
  the grand prix was last weekend in baku . 
  beautiful city i must say . 
  they are hosting these events because they want to show off the country and attract tourists to make themselves less dependent on oil ... 
  so in a sense yes , you could say they are hosting them to remind other people they exist :'), 
  azerbaijan is even hosting the f1 european grand prix nowadays, 
  i did n't downvote you , but people probably think north africans are different from the population group op is asking about ( which probably is more like surinamese and antillian here ), 
  at least the dutch and probably the danes know you , cause they have frisians of their own , 
  i 'm a bit tired of the blind russia hate sometimes . 
  you see it on tv too . 
  the football programme on dutch tv after the game spent a huge amount of time on russian politics , instead of you know , just talking about the exciting match we just saw . 
  i 'd like to see russia win this one edit : downvoted for rooting for the underdog , who happens to be russia , nice . 
  thanks for your input, 
  germans probably experience a bit of culture shock in different parts of their own country, 
  amen . 
  they 'd probably interpret it as the 35-hour workday . 
  username checks out, 
  yeah it may be comparable to corona here . 
  it is seen as premium and exotic here , but it actually has really bad taste ratings and probably has the same reputation in mexico as heineken does in the netherlands . 
  a beer is still a beer , and heineken has some of the best marketing in the world . 
  but if someone asks how good it is , it is generally seen as bad . 
  if you would buy a beer to really enjoy it instead of just consume it on a party , i really doubt you 'll buy heineken or stella . 
  heineken and stella are generally seen as trash in the netherlands and the uk . 
  amstel is not as bad imo ( it 's also owned and produced by heineken ) but it 's still not considered a * good * beer . 
  it does vary from country to country though , depending on whether it is imported or produced locally . 
  for example , in greece amstel is produced locally instead of imported , with local ingredients , and in my experience greek amstel is better than regular dutch amstel . 
  as someone who is half-dutch and half-greek i 'm slowly slipping into depression to be honest . 
  24 countries and both the netherlands amd greece did n't qualify . 
  i 'll be rooting for ireland , but this will be a painful month . 
  well , spanish would be a good start , it is the language that almost everyone else in the americas speaks , including a sizeable part of the population of the usa . 
  most spoken language in the world after mandarin . 
  movies etc also get subtitled instead of dubbed , which helps a lot . 
  thanks for the detailed post !, 
  i really appreciate it . 
  about shying away from immigration comments , it probably also plays a role that a big part of the population ( and in turn potential voter base ) comes from an immigrant background ? 
  if the leave camp goes too much on the offensive there then they will directly send potential immigrant voters to the remain camp . 
  it 's one of those problems with a two-side vote . 
  thanks for the website , will definitely check it out now that the referendum is getting closer . 
   a win of 10 % or more would surely put this issue we 've been arguing about for 20 years to bed and we could get on with working within europe to make it better for us and for the eu . 
  i really really hope this happens . 
  the uk can play a huge ( positive ) role in eu politics if it wants to . 
  interesting . 
  having boris johnson supporting your cause seems like such a mixed blessing . 
  on the one hand he can clearly win over voters with his jokes and stuff , but on the other hand he then does weird and controversial things which makes him lose voters . 
  it probably also helps that politicians from outside the uk have shied away from commenting too much on the referendum lately . 
  if there 's anything any nation hates it 's being told what to do by outsiders . 
  especially a proud ( and a little stubborn ) nation like the british . 
  the rise of the leave camp seemed to coincide with obama 's visit and comments . 
  it worked that way with the greek oxi referendum and the dutch referendum on ukraine as well . 
  i 've been incredibly out of the loop , have n't followed the debate very closely , but last time i heard the leave campaign had a slight edge . 
  what made the public sentiment swing that much towards remain ? 
  very much so, 
  honestly do n't worry about it too much . 
  it happens often and i wouldn ' t have minded it one bit if you had kept the thread out there . 
  personally my life has n't changed at all . 
  horrible state of affairs would presumably concern the increased terrorist threat ? 
  it 's not like i 'm walking on the streets fearing for my life , and it 's definitely not something unique to europe . 
  imo the term independence war would sound more accurate . 
  police actions sounds like a country surpressing some small riots i think , and it could be argued that it kind of makes the dutch actions sound more justified . 
  our so-called `` golden age '' was covered extensively in my schools , with much emphasis on the dark side of that time . 
  slavery , exploitation , wars , etc. 
  which were the trade routes for these things , which were the country 's organisations involved in these practices and other things like that . 
  on the other side , something that was n't really covered that much , in my school and which still imo is often forgotten , or rather , not discussed a lot , are the so-called ` police actions ' during the indonesian struggle for independence , after wwii . 
  many dutch men were sent there to suppress the indonesian struggle , and it resulted in many casualties , particularly on the indonesian side ( 160.000 according to wikipedia ) . 
  my grandfather was sent to indonesia too around that time , but according to my family he never really talked much about the bad things that happened there , and he passed away before i was born so i did n't get the chance to talk with him about that time either . 
  and who can say ' i love america ' the best . 
  the cat in my high school latin textbook was called felix ... * the plot thickens *, 
  they really are n't . 
  they are just more similar to the us than the rest of europe in some aspects ( which is logical because of historical reasons ) . 
  wow , easy there, 
  ... you 're welcome, 
  i 'm currently at my grandparents ' house in greece , where we have an internet plan with speeds ` up to 24mbps ' but i never reach those speeds because the infrastructure here is n't good enough . 
  compare that to the netherlands where i have a 150mbps fibre connection , which compared to my dutch friends ' connections is n't even that fast .
