   4 how do you 'll ( i know generalizing us bad ) feel about when americans pronunciation things differently i.e. 
  eh ... making every country in the world pronounce every foreign word correctly is impossible . 
  a lot of languages lack sounds that other languages have . 
   5 how is colonialism taught i know here it 's in a very negative manner ( yes even in regards to the philippines and cuba ) colonialism and exploration in itself is not seen as a bad thing ( i mean , the us would n't exist if colonialism did n't exist ) , but stuff that happened like slavery and exploitation of natives is of course seen as very bad  7 when are second languages taught and when does teaching end for them ? do people use them on a regular basis ? 
  english lessons started in fifth grade in elementary school for me . 
  then as i entered high school at 12 ( there 's no middle school here ) i also got french , and a year later i got german . 
  personally i dropped those at 15 and i chose spanish , which i had until i graduated from high school , together with english . 
  do people use them on a regular basis ? 
  well , english all the time ( like now ) , my whole university programme was in english even though it was a dutch university . 
   8 do you guys have animated adult stuff i do n't think i have seen anything animated ( be a tv show or movie ) from europe that 's strictly aimed at adults ? 
  it may exist in other countries , i do n't know , but not in the netherlands , unless you count some really obscure stuff from the 80s . 
  war is peace, 
  i mean , i 'm dutch and i often do it, 
  the only person here that 's pathetic is you , you poor little troll . 
  our gaming industry is n't as big as some other countries , but if i had to choose it would probably be the killzone series , developed by guerilla games . 
  eh , it 's just what people are used to . 
  most dutch ( and many other non-americans ) people will find the american peanut butter much too sweet . 
  yes , afaik typical dutch peanut butter is unsweetened, 
  are you guys in that limbo too where - it does n't snow enough to justify the expenses - it snows enough to derail the whole country whenever it happens, 
   oh yes and you know those videos online of people ( typically americans ) being asked questions ( which are meant to be commonly known ) and answering incorrectly ? 
  i was going to conduct a survey about that on my campus and i 'm looking for some questions to add to the list . 
  to be fair though , you can make that kind of video in any country . 
   in general it 's cultural differences which people misinterpret that 's the crux of it , yeah . 
  and i mean , i 'm not gon na hate on your friend , but she does n't sound like a person who 's too busy with countries outside of america anyway anyway , so it 's understandable . 
  it depends on how you define rude , or friendly for that matter . 
  most european countries have different customs for interacting with strangers than americans . 
  it 's a clich\u00e9 , but generally americans like to appear more open and chatty to strangers , while a lot of western and northern european countries have a culture of leaving each other alone unless you know each other or want something . 
  most people here do n't go out of their way either to ` be friendly ' . 
  that might appear rude to some americans . 
  yeah it 's very common here . 
  it 's popular for school lunch because it 's easy to make and tastes good ( well , if you like it and are n't allergic anyway , peanut allergy is a bitch ) . 
  i think we 're one of the select few non-anglo countries where peanut butter is popular . 
  interestingly , peanut butter is called pindakaas ( peanut-cheese ) in dutch , even though it obviously does n't contain cheese , because the name pindaboter was reserved for products containing actual butter . 
  so kind of like leverkaas ( leberk\u00e4se in german ) , it 's called cheese without actually being cheese . 
  peanut butter is a staple here in the netherlands . 
  the stereotypical dutch school lunch is a brown bread sandwich with cheese or a sandwich with peanut butter . 
  i grew up with it and i like it a lot . 
  99 % percent of the time it 's fine , a lot of dutch people who work with tourists have a small grasp on german anyway so it 's all good . 
  the only time that i perceive it as rude is when germans get annoyed that we do n't understand them ( does n't happen often fortunately ) . 
  you get the occasional german who thinks he 's visiting just another bundesland . 
  at least most germans are happy to put with my broken german , even in their own country . 
   majsstangen , which we share with a load of other germanic countries . 
  short story : at pentecost we build a giant dick out of wood and dance around it . 
  i 'd like to hereby distance myself from my germanic brethren ... ... then again , we have [ zwarte piet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet ), 
  in history the netherlands had heavy ties with japan , for centuries it was the only western power that was allowed to trade with them . 
  nowadays there are a lot of big japanese companies who have european or regional headquarters here , but china has become the biggest asian trade partner by far . 
  we import a lot more from china than we do from japan , and we export more to china too . 
  it depends on what is meant by ties though . 
  if we look at nato for example , japan and south korea are nato partners , so in * that * sense we have closer ties with them than china . 
  in terms of economic ties though , it 's china . 
  indonesia used to be our colony , so in that sense we were heavily tied to them , but after the indonesian war for independence ties were obviously severed . 
  still , there are a lot of indonesian dutch people living here , and we imported a lot of stuff like cuisine . 
  so there are a lot of cultural ties to indonesia . 
  as someone living close to amsterdam , very , very often . 
  in university too , it was a daily thing . 
  it does n't become annoying or difficult for me as long as they speak english , or at least make an effort to speak a language i can somewhat understand too . 
  i do n't expect people to learn or be able to speak dutch before coming here , hardly anyone outside of the netherlands and belgium speaks dutch . 
  - united kingdom ( england and scotland ) - the netherlands - germany - denmark - belgium - switzerland - austria - poland - france - luxembourg - italy - portugal - greece excluding my own countries of course , i like switzerland and italy the most . 
  switzerland for the incredible scenery , and italy for the weather , the food and the cities . 
  we do , the states-provincial elections , the muncipal elections , etc. 
  they 're just not that well-known cause in our national elections it does n't matter whatsoever where they 're from , they do n't get elected on regional seats . 
  a better known one is [ ahmed aboutaleb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ahmed_aboutaleb ) , the morrocan-dutch mayor of rotterdam . 
  among other things , he was invited to the usa to attend a un conference in the white house about radicalisation . 
   these days the sauce is also for sale in grocery stores and it 's known as `` american fritesaus '' , but the only thing american about it is its association with mcd . 
  wow , til !, 
  i always thought that sauce was normal at mcdonald 's considering it 's such a staple here . 
  there 's probably * some * people learning it ... :p, 
  assuming the person does n't live here , my first reaction is always kind of like `` why ? '' . 
  not in a bad way though , it 's just that i 'm always curious to know why someone is learning a language that is hardly useful and not one of the more beautiful out there . 
  hardly anyone speaks dutch and most people that speak dutch speak an okay amount of english anyway . 
  i do find it really cool though , it kind of excites me considering it 's a rare occasion to meet someone who is learning dutch . 
  i do n't really know what advice i would give , cause i never ` learned ' the language in the way they did . 
  that said i 'm more than happy to help people out . 
  in recent memory , there were the plebiscite for the treaty for establishing an eu constitution in 2005 ( country voted against ) , and the referendum for the ukraine association treaty ( country voted against ), 
  true , i was mostly talking about dutch championships . 
  it 's true , her afrikaans melts my heart, 
  i noticed it too , it sounded close but somewhat off, 
  there 's a small normal racing scene . 
  gt cars , formula 4 , formula ford etc. 
  drag racing not so much , not popular at least . 
  as far as tuning goes , it 's a very small scene . 
  owning a car is expensive as hell here , so most young adults ( where the tuning scene often starts ) dont have one . 
  it sounds very close to a native english accent but not quite . 
  so i tried to look on his social media etc. 
  on his yt channel he describes himself as `` a british south african '' , which makes sense . 
  autumn - rainy , grim winter - rainy , grim , with a minuscule chance of snow spring - rainy , grim summer - rainy , grim with a small chance of a heatwave, 
  hahah i had to google what that meant , but no , that side of the family is 100 % dutch  he has never been in nz or australia either , so i 'll have to ask him one time how it became such a staple . 
  i 've heard that from cornish people before , and it does surprise me a bit , but then again , the dutch caravans seem to go to every place with peaceful and nice nature . 
  cornwall has a nice and peaceful countryside and the coast is beautiful , and it 's not * that * far away from the netherlands , and in general you 'll find quite a lot of anglophile dutch people who go tour the uk . 
  not really a traditional christmas dessert in the netherlands per se , but my uncle always makes an amazing [ pavlova cake ] ( http://www.joyofbaking.com/images/facebook/pavlova.jpg ) for dessert at our family 's christmas dinner . 
  limburg , most noticeable are his r and g sounds, 
  that 's true , in general it is a lot simpler than many languages . 
  as i mentioned i do learn grammar alongside . 
  with japanese it 's just stuff like the 3 alphabets and the different counting systems that make you pull your hair out thinking `` why ?! '' . 
  i did learn katakana and hiragana , i can read texts that consist solely of those pretty easily , it 's just that all the kanji mess it all up . 
  a big part of it is starting early , as people pick up languages a lot easier when they 're young . 
  many of us have had exposure to english since we were kids . 
  for me it was mostly through tv and games like pok\u00e9mon and runescape that i already played in elementary school . 
  furthermore movies here are never dubbed unless they 're meant for kids , so that helps as well . 
  that 's a big difference with , for example , americans learning spanish .
