  personally i know no one with a cottage here, 
  built in 1990 i think ? 
  i live on what used to be a moor lake . 
  is n't like 20 % of the usa german-american anyway ? 
  i doubt germans care much , it 's probably irrelevant like with all the others . 
   spanish word for hipsters , means `` people with rimmed glasses '' * casually hides his rimmed glasses *, 
  the common joke in scandinavia is that danish people speak as if they 've got a potato in their mouth while speaking, 
  * year-long * you mean, 
  sabmiller was bought by ab-inbev a few months ago apparently . 
  so now south african-american sabmiller is owned by a belgian-brazilian-american conglomerate ... 
  i guess multinational is the only accurate way to describe the company, 
  idk if it 's the one you know as sab beer , but south african breweries ? 
   esso does n't exist in europe anymore esso exists here in the netherlands , but it 's a bit rare , shell is king here, 
  i agree with most of what you listed , but google is not a good you buy from a company, 
  i do n't know to be honest , it 's not like i buy a lot of goods from american companies anyway . 
  no particular reason for that though , just happened to realise after i saw your question that i do n't really buy much american stuff . 
  edit : ah , found something , guitars . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'm gon na boycott companies like gibson or fender because of the american government . 
  depends if you mean president as the head of state or the head of government . 
  if you mean the ceremonial , symbolic head of state , i 'd struggle to name more than one . 
  if you mean heads of government then i would be able to name more, 
  looked it up , and found the bbc article about it :  mr alakiotis believes cremation would not only alleviate overcrowding in graveyards , it would also reduce financial pressures on families . 
  `` it would be a cheaper option for people . 
  to pay for a grave for three years is around $ 2,500-3 ,000 . 
  cremation would be half that . '', 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32165261 if you make 2500 in greece you 're very well off , a normal month 's salary is < 1000 , and you 'll be lucky if you make that . 
  paying for a grave can go up to like $ 2500 for 3 years in crowded places , if i remember correctly . 
  i like both , but probably marches more . 
  hymns can be solemn and beautiful but they do not get your heart pumping like a good march ( cause they were n't designed for it ) . 
  in a football match a country like france already has an advantage from the adrenaline of screaming the marseillaise with a full stadium . 
  ah ... * that * part ... yeah , it 's extremely sad , it 's one of those aspects of the greek crisis that you otherwise would n't hear about . 
  cremation only became legal in greece early this year so that option was never there . 
  the greek orthodox church is still vehemently against it . 
   this question is inspired by a disturbing bbc documentary about greece i recently listened to out of interest , i 'm kinda familiar with greek funeral customs , what part of it did you find disturbing ? 
  it 's a bit of a musical language for sure , the tone constantly goes from high to low to high to low to high to low , much more variation than other germanic languages . 
  it 's easier on the ear than most germanic languages too . 
  on a sidenote , in english i always find it funny ( in a positive way ) when swedes say the ` ch ' , like in chance , as a ` sh ' . 
  yeah , the outdated engine is probably the main reason too , as the taxes scale with co2 emissions . 
  it would probably be quite a bit cheaper if it did n't have pretty much a 20 year old engine . 
  robben wo n't last much longer , depay has been shite for like a year now ( unless he leaves man utd his career is done ) , and klaassen 's progress has stagnated ( and i say that as an ajax fan ) . 
  we even had trouble beating luxembourg on sunday ... oh and i 'll take this moment to thank you danes for dolberg . 
  what a fucking legend that guy is , he 's been crazy good for ajax this year . 
  well most people have a driving licence , but in the cities it 's not uncommon for people to have never owned one ( we 're known for bikes for a reason ) . 
  i 'm in my early twenties and most of my friends have never owned one . 
  the wrx sti is a bit of an extreme example . 
  hybrids and smaller , cleaner cars have more reasonable prices . 
  but in general it is much much more common for people to buy second-hand cars ( or import second-hand cars from germany ) than to buy them new because they 're expensive new . 
  the dutch car market is one of only two eu car markets ( the other one being greece , due to the crisis ) that shrink instead of grow . 
  leasing cars is extremely popular because it 's often less expensive . 
  cars like teslas are also very common because of favourable tax constructions , particularly as company cars . 
  i know that feel bro, 
  yeah tell me about it ... a wrx ( or impreza back in the day ) has been my dream car since i was a kid . 
  i 've pretty much accepted that unless i buy a battered , thrashed and sadly often heavily modded second hand model from 10-20 years ago i wo n't ever be able to own one . 
  you 'll still have to register it here , otherwise it 's tax evasion , and when you do register it you still pay the taxes ( except vat ) you would have paid if you had bought it here . 
  yeah , of the price i mentioned 62.5 % is taxes . 
  it would cost about $ 40600 if it only had vat . 
  adding the bpm ( the other tax ) the price more than doubles . 
  on top of how much it sucks for the consumer , it 's also an unsuccessful tax . 
  the bpm used to be based on catalogue price , but then it was changed to be based on emissions . 
  since that change happened , the revenues of the bpm tax have shrunk about 70 % . 
  the government wants to reduce the tax , for example replacing it partly with road pricing , but it fears a crash of the second hand car market when prices of new cars will drop drastically . 
  the second hand market and import market is booming because new car prices are so high , while the dutch new car market is one of only two in europe ( the other one being greece ) which do n't grow . 
   does the tax apply if it 's a track car ? 
  to my knowledge it does n't , cause you wo n't register for a licence plate . 
  it 's a registration tax partly based on emissions , if it was a luxury tax it would apply to track cars too , cause a track car is kind of the definition of a luxury product . 
  as a car lover , car prices ... for example , a subaru wrx sti costs about $ 42000 in germany and belgium , our neighbours . 
  in the netherlands it costs $ 87100 , more than twice the price because of huge taxes . 
   the younger generation only knows about vietnam trough hollywood movies . 
  in my year it happened to be the subject of the final high school history examinations , but otherwise yeah , you would n't learn that much about in in school . 
  70 % of all bacon in the world comes from the netherlands, 
  geographically much more . 
  i mean , we 're a pretty small country anyway , about 2/3 the size of west virginia . 
  add to that that a lot of the country basically was a swamp and that our highest altitude in the mainland country is 323m ` high ' , it all does n't make for much geographical diversity . 
  we do have some interesting stuff in the carribean netherlands , like a [ potentially active volcano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) !, 
  it 's the highest point in the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  culturallly , probably more cause our population is only 17 million , but we too have a very multicultural society resulting from our colonial past and ` recent ' immigration . 
  less than 80 % of the country is ethnically dutch . 
  look at our national sports teams , for example , and you 'll see a lot of non-dutch names . 
  lol, 
  personally i can do it for all except the slavic languages . 
  i have too little experience with those to be able to distinguish them . 
  the rest though , yeah . 
  interesting , i 've never associated it with denmark , and i associate sausages with germany but not hot dogs . 
  i associate hot dogs with the us and new york in particular, 
  whoa this is a thing ? 
  they 'll need something more catchy than #calexit tbh . 
  if california truly thinks that they are better off outside the union then they should be able to do it , but such a radical and fundamental decision imo should not be decided by a simple majority vote like brexit did . 
  honestly though , i have n't followed the protests too closely . 
  a lot of the early ones seemed to be about outrage and protesting the result , while in my opinion the problem is the system . 
  imo the thing people should protest is the electoral college , the system that effectively forces a permanent two-party battle , which results in a permanent shit-flinging contest which aims to tear down the direct opponent rather than a political discussion , and a system that for the fourth time now has elected a president who got fewer votes than his opponent . 
  a hot dog just * screams * murica, 
  97 % jill stein and strongly left-wing from the test , which does n't surprise me . 
  if included i get 99 % with bernie sanders , and 100 % with barack obama , which seems fair . 
  they would probably have been the only ones i 'd happily vote for in the usa . 
  i do n't know enough about jill stein to know whether i 'd vote for her . 
  apparently i disagree with her on requiring a photo id for voting , nuclear energy and military spending ( i say the same , she says decrease ) , among others . 
  i 've always taken the autobahn whenever i did that journey towards ( and beyond ) basel . 
  the a5 is mostly without a speed limit too i think , so it 's faster and just a bit more relaxing imo , not having to constantly monitor your speed . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  there are procedures and requirements of course that you 'll have to look into , but i think so , yes .
