  there are quite a lot of people advocating more discussion about salaries precisely because of the reason you gave , to avoid being ripped off . 
  it 's a clich\u00e9 answer but i agree . 
  the food in italy makes me so happy . 
  never ask someone how much money they make . 
  generally the netherlands is an egalitarian society , and salary is one of those that differentiates people . 
  i think we 're not the only european country that is uncomfortable with talking about salary . 
  it 'll probably just be made into spyros/spiros wo n't it, 
  i always chuckle when reading the description of the netherlands character  he also is fond of really young women and thinks nothing of using some types of shady drugs . 
  not sure if it 's underrated as much as it 's lesser known . 
  i 've only heard great things about bath . 
  at least put in some effort to make your troll thread interesting . 
  this is just boring . 
  i think we all know the answer, 
  yeah it 's the same here . 
  here you can get a licence for 50cc scooters etc from when you 're 16 , so they 're popular . 
  bigger motorcycles are n't hugely popular here . 
  most of the year it 's not exactly ideal motorcycle weather , although they 're great for manoeuvring through traffic jams and cities , we have a lot of traffic in the netherlands . 
  mathematics . 
  i admire people with a talent for maths and i understand why maths are important ( although to be honest , i have n't used about 95 % of the stuff i learnt ever again after high school ) , but i sucked at maths so much , i despised them . 
  history and spanish, 
   here in europe , or at as far as i 've seen , being patriotic is considered to be completely natural here in the netherlands not at all . 
  why not both ? 
  coffee in the morning , tea in the evening !, 
   one with free healthcare , no guns , and legal drugs . 
  so no country ? 
  i got a good chuckle out of this one , i 'll give you that . 
  i used to play football ( the one you play with your feet ) at my local club for about 10 years , stopped once i went to university . 
  * the force *, 
  i agree , maybe the vatican ones are worse but ours are close to the worst anyway . 
  uninspiring and lazy , when there are so many recognisable things we could have put on the coins . 
  i would even have liked a stereotypical tulip or windmill better than these . 
  i 'm a big fan of the italian ones as well , especially the da vinci ( 1 euro ) and dante alighieri ( 2 euro ) ones, 
   i could n't imagine living in a place without four distinct seasons . 
  consider yourself lucky , it sucks a lot imo, 
  i 've always liked [ greece 's coins ] ( http://greeklandscapes.com/images/various/euro_coins.jpg ) . 
  the 1 euro coin is a coin from ancient athens ( with the owl , the symbol of athena ) , and the 2 euro coin depicts europa and zeus ( as a bull ) . 
  the dutch ones are meh , was never much of a fan . 
  good shout , i went into rogue one completely blind ( deliberately ) and i was positively surprised to see him in that movie, 
  \\  really hot \\  like 24 degrees your scandinavian-ness is showing , 
  funnily enough one of the last times i saw snow was in my time in guildford in 2014 ( not quite the east but south-east anyway ) . 
  i had exams that day and we had some light snow ( but enough to make a nice white cover over everything ) , and by the time i finished my exams at the end of the day much of the snow had already melted :'), 
  it seems to snow more regularly in the north-east . 
  living in the west though , i honestly ca n't remember the last time it really snowed . 
  must have been four or five years ago . 
  i do remember one time in 2010 when it snowed on the day i had to catch a plane at schiphol . 
  there were lines of 8 hours before the check-in counters , and if i had n't taken an employee-only elevator that day to put me past that huge line , i would never have caught my plane . 
  the reason that i ask is because you need to know how and where to address ` immigration concerns ' in a tangible way , and it 's just one of the problems you encounter . 
  the eu is a union of 28 countries . 
  the eu on its own has n't got the power to do ` something tangible ' . 
  with every solution it tries to implement there will be complaints and concerns from different countries . 
  the only way the eu would be able to do something tangible quickly is when it actually has power over their member states , but then you get into the other concerns of sovereignty and the like . 
  this is why the eu is a union of compromise and ` weak ' decisions . 
  i agree with you that merkel 's quote would n't do much to please the people who are concerned about ` immigration ' . 
  the thing is , merkel is the chancellor of germany , she does not have an eu position . 
  whatever she does and says , it is to please her own people , and at the time that she said `` wir schaffen das '' it was very much the desirable opinion in germany . 
  ` immigration ' is too broad . 
  what part of it ? 
  inter-eu immigration ? 
  non-eu immigration ( the eu does not control the uk 's policies regarding this ) ? 
  refugees ? 
  economic migrants arriving with hundreds on flimsy boats ( edit : together with legitimate refugees ) ? 
  all of these are different issues with different dimensions . 
  i do n't know if they could have avoided it . 
  we can and will never know . 
  that said , 51.89 % is a small majority , so in that sense there were a lot of things that could have affected the outcome of the referendum . 
  the thing is though , that the uk ( like many other countries ) had a tradition of blaming everything bad on the eu . 
  media and politicians alike loved to shift the blame and rile people up over the eu . 
  the eu is blamed by countries across europe for their domestic issues , it makes for a great scapegoat . 
  and then the question also becomes , what could the eu leaders have done ? 
  the uk already had many opt-ins and opt-outs , many compromises , many beneficial agreements that only the uk had , so in that sense the eu has tried to appease the uk for many decades now . 
  you could say they could have campaigned for remain , but the brexit camp would have probably just used that for their own benefit using the `` muh sovereignty '' narrative . 
  that 's not to say that i think there are n't any issues with the eu . 
  there are fundamental things wrong and the future of the eu in its present form is uncertain . 
  the problem is , large political structures like this do n't radically change . 
  they slowly change , last , or break apart . 
  some countries have a bigger immigrant population than others . 
  this is then exaggerated by the fact that football youth is often for a very large part from immigrant groups ( it 's often the poorer parts of society that get good at football ) . 
  in the netherlands we first had the wave of surinamese players ( kluivert , rijkaard , seedorf etc ) and now we have a wave of morrocan and turkish players . 
  nah it 's alright , often from the way brits ( not sure about irish ) talk about europe it may seem as if a lot of them feel separate from europe . 
  as / u/hiyakathy said elsewhere , its not uncommon for brits to refer to the continentals as ` european ' , which may give the impression that the brits do not include themselves in that europe . 
  inb4 swamp germany, 
  do n't do it , it 's not worth it, 
  i like the way you think . 
  we 'll just polder our way there !, 
  they probably meant in terms of population, 
  motogp is probably more popular now in spain right ? 
  in dutch it 's tsjechi\u00eb , which is our equivalent of czechia . 
  in english i would probably use czech republic , cause that 's the way i learnt it in english , czechia does n't yet sound right to my ears . 
  maybe it 'd change over time . 
  dark and boring is an accurate description of the past weeks here too . 
  no snow , just clouds and the occasional rain . 
  do n't let it discourage you from doing what you like and what you 're interested in . 
  researching your family history is great and something that many people all across the world do . 
  just know that it 's stuff like this why some europeans will roll their eyes whenever they hear an american go `` i 'm german '' . 
  imo the more important split is between the big cities like istanbul and izmir and the turkish periphery ( most of which is in the eastern part of turkey , so in asia ) . 
  istanbul just happens to be literally on the bosporus . 
  they did n't claim that the church of england was secular though ? 
  sectarian is something else entirely . 
   is n't greece around that area too ? 
  with past the bosporus they probably mean that it 's geographically in asia .
