  meneer and mevrouw , similar to milord and milady , from mijn ( my ) + heer ( gentleman/lord ) and mijn + vrouw ( woman ), 
   for his football skills and sexy hair . 
  do n't forget his [ amazing reggae music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhmjfoa4rgq ), 
  it depends on what you 're interested in when visiting a city . 
  rotterdam for example is a great city to visit if you 're into more modern architecture , it 's very different from the traditional dutch cities , cause it was bombed to the ground in wwii and completely rebuilt afterwards . 
  it 's not my type of city but it 's a very popular destination nonetheless . 
  either a volkswagen touran or a subaru forester , which both are n't exactly huge cars , both about 4.4 m long . 
  i sometimes see guys driving around with big american pickup trucks and everytime i wonder how much it must suck to drive those around in here in our densely populated country . 
  i 'm noticing an obsession with big dicks here, 
  so / r/portugalcaralho means portugal big dick ? 
  you guys are weird !, 
  those are a lot of cities for 6.5 days , especially when you have to travel between them . 
  you could probably spend 6.5 days in either venice or florence alone . 
  i probably would look at reducing the amount of cities . 
  which country ? 
  lizard aliens do n't age . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  in colloquial use amerika is more common in my experience , but verenigde staten is more common in formal speech, 
  you 're missing out, 
   hotel ? 
  trivago . 
  i see the marketing slogans are working , 
  well the netherlands is basically 300km ( 187.5 miles ) north to south and 180km ( 112 miles ) east to west so yeah 200 miles is a long distance here . 
  i 've never seen any form of advertisement for firearms here in the netherlands in my life, 
  it gets some occasional coverage in the sports news , so people who are big sports fans here will have heard that the women took the silver , but it 's not anywhere near the sports i mentioned . 
   3 ) f1 , although i think it 's losing popularity these days . 
  excessive regulations stifling innovation might have something to do with that . 
  i 'm expecting a huge surge in popularity now that stoffel vandoorne will be driving at a good team , tickets for spa will be near impossible to get with all the vandoorne and max verstappen fans . 
  good shout, 
  football is definitely the # 1 , then there are sports like field hockey which are popular , especially for young girls , cycling , speed skating in winter and recently f1 has had a big resurgence in popularity because of max verstappen . 
  interesting !, 
  i 've only really met one person in my life named de ruiter ( modern spelling ) i think, 
  honourable mentions : jan de jong ( jan the young ) and jan de vries ( jan the frisian ) . 
  seeing as this is specifically aimed at brits , you could also try / r/askuk , you may get better answers there . 
  mine did n't even have the national one, 
  i personally somewhat agree with that , but i do n't think think most dutch people have ever heard of those except for erik hazelhoff roelfzema ( because of the movie and the musical ) , whereas wilhelmina is perhaps the most recognisable queen we have ever had . 
  these come to mind : - william of orange ( william the silent ) , leader in the dutch revolt - baruch de spinoza , famous philosopher - rembrandt , famous painter - antonie van leeuwenhoek , famous scientist - queen wilhelmina , queen during wwii and an inspiration and symbol for the dutch resistance - johan cruijff , famous football player cruijff is the odd one out here , but he 's one of the most famous ( if not the most famous ) dutchmen in the world , a pioneer in football , one of the all-time greats , an icon , and definitely the best football player we 've ever produced . 
  it may ` just ' be sport but he inspired millions and millions of people all across the world . 
  we did n't really learn a particular way of pronunciation . 
  we did have a very anglophile teacher and she had a very posh ( and fake ) british accent , but she did n't force it on us . 
  she did however tend to grade people with perfect rp accents better . 
  as far as writing went , the textbooks were in british english , but our high school did n't really care as long as we stuck to either british or american . 
  mixing up the two was not allowed , so you had to either stick with - our and - ised or - or and - ized etc. 
   i do n't think any political party in parliament would support that , neither would the population . 
  there are parties who would support that . 
  for example there 's groenlinks who think that the end goal should be that the netherlands becomes a republic . 
  it will take a parliament that has a majority in favour of legalisation / regulation . 
  until now there was no majority , with the right-wing party ( the biggest party in the last elections and # 2 now in the polls ) opposing legalisation , but the liberal wing of that right-wing party has convinced the rest of the party to take a stance in favour of legalisation from now on , so there could be a majority in the near future ( there actually is a majority right now after they changed their stance but with the elections coming soon i do n't see it happening with the current parliament ) . 
  never heard of the man, 
  i hear it all the time here , and i often see people i know go there, 
  that sounds like a fucking terrible teacher, 
  i 've become more and more disillusioned by the role that money plays in modern football , so a lot of the big competitions have lost their appeal to me , even though i love football . 
  i mostly just follow the dutch eredivisie these days . 
  it 's competitive , all the stadiums are nicely filled , the football is fun ( though the defense is shockingly bad sometimes ) and most of the players are homegrown talents . 
  i catch champions league matches when they 're on ( even though nowadays it 's just the always same 4 teams battling it out ) , but i follow the europa league more closely . 
  the dutch version was dubbed , but i think all voice actors across the world made the laugh particularly irritating, 
  my mother still complains to me sometimes about when i used to watch spongebob . 
  his voice really , * really * irritated her hahah . 
  in school i was so bad at [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/de-def-art-declensions-en.svg/1024px-de-def-art-declensions-en.svg.png ), 
  relevant username , 
  my favourite childhood cartoons include : - pok\u00e9mon - yu-gi-oh !, 
  - shin chan ( which in hindsight is an absolutely terrible show to air on kids tv :p ) edit : how could i forget pingu , i spent so many days watching that 2nd edit : some more favourites that i remember : - medabots - beyblade - rocket power somehow i never got into the whole dragon ball z hype, 
  they 're etymologically greek . 
  [ allochthonous ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/allochthonous ) from allo ( other ) + chton ( earth , ground ) and [ autochthonous ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/autochthonous#english ) from autos ( self ) + chton ( ground , earth ) . 
  so they 're as foreign to english as they are to dutch , they just happened to become commonly used because our institutions decided to use those particular words ( which , being greek and thus unknown to the average dutchman , they probably thought they would be less stigmatising than their dutch equivalents edit : which of course is ironic considering that they 're abandoning them precisely for being stigmatising ) for those demographic groups , 
  statistics on race are not collected , here it 's ethnicity . 
  groupings are mainly divided into : - autochthonous , recently renamed to ` people with a dutch background ' ( ethnically dutch ) - allochthonous , recently renamed to ` people with a migration-background ' , basically foreigners , often divided into western and non-western foreign groupings can include - western foreign - moroccan - surinamese - antillian - turkish - other non-western you 're considered allochthonous if you have at least one parent born outside the netherlands , which interestingly makes our royalty mostly allochthonous . 
  the allochthonous and autochthonous terms were recently renamed , mainly because being an ` allochtoon ' had started to have negative connotations and the terms were n't found to be accurate enough . 
  it 's not legal in the netherlands , possession of small amounts and sale by coffeeshops are tolerated , while cultivation is illegal ( except for medical purposes supervised by the state ) , which is ... let 's say a very interesting situation . 
  as others have said , the us and canada have a lot of very beautiful nature . 
  your cities are also characteristically different , which makes them interesting to experience . 
  the us has plenty of stuff to see in cities like nyc and the difference in culture and customs also makes it interesting to visit . 
  there are a lot of reasons why people go there . 
  the us is n't my top priority right now as far as destinations outside of europe go ( that honour goes to japan ) but i 'd love to visit the us and/or canada sometime . 
  all dutch provinces have their own anthems . 
  most are not really famous or well-known though , a notable exception being the anthem of friesland , which is for example is [ played before every match ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_eszyw2d2g&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m12s ) of frisian football club sc heerenveen, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  people who do n't vote mostly do n't do that because they do n't care enough about politics . 
  it is likely that , if there was compulsory voting and they were forced to vote for * something * , these people will likely vote for a random party or a simple party that gained their attention enough . 
  that could result in even more one-issue politics and simple populism by existing parties to gain these votes . 
  we had compulsory voting until 1970 here . 
  edit : i 'm interested to hear the experiences of belgians in this thread ( and other countries with compulsory voting ) , what they think about it . 
  yeah that 's about right . 
  i have no idea where it comes from . 
  when you said the same thing at the same time and someone said `` citroentje ! '', 
  afterwards then the other person was n't allowed to speak anymore until the person who said citroentje said their name . 
  there are a lot of people in the rest of the world too that are really attached to that british humour , or even just the british feel . 
  my mother loves detectives , but she enjoys them less if they are n't british , cause she just loves that kind of atmosphere you get in series like midsomer murders and inspector morse . 
  if the film is good , then i really do n't care about where it 's from to be honest . 
  yeah you 've got a point there , our last few summers had some really hot days . 
  i 've had just as many summers though where it was just all miserable rain with like 15 degrees . 
  when i want a quick and dirty measurement i use steps ( like referees in football ) of roughly a metre , cause i 'm used to that from playing football in my youth . 
  when i want something more accurate i use my feet , which i know are a little over 26cm . 
  we use imperial measurements regularly with tvs/monitors and car wheels/rims . 
  some foods are also measured in pounds ( pond ) and ounces ( ons ) , where pounds mean 500g and an ounce is 100g . 
  the values for pounds and ounces used to be different before the metric system though , ounces being 30g and pounds being 480g . 
  now they 're just used as a name for 100g and 500g . 
  as for quick measuring , it 's always in metres for me . 
  the funny thing is that whenever i read about a tv screen in inches , it 's hard for me to picture how much that is , whereas in cm it 's much easier for me . 
  edit : our [ dutch measuring system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_units_of_measurement ) before the metric system was quite complicated .
