  saw this video on facebook . 
  i honestly feel bad for her , as uninformed as she is on the matter . 
  i hope the guy actually informed her better before she actually voted , and not just exposed her to millions of people on the internet . 
  username checks out, 
  the alexander the great one ? 
  awesome banner image , if it was yours then great choice , sir !, 
  yeah i do n't think it sounds like portuguese . 
  i do agree that it sounds like spanish in a lot of ways . 
  i remember when i had spanish at school , i would just use all the sounds i knew from greek when speaking , and because the sounds are so similar to spanish my teacher ( who was latin-american iirc ) thought i had spanish roots . 
  poor guy , what were his parents thinking giving him that name ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  that referendum was really a low point in terms of quality of debate , regardless of which side one supported, 
  we 'd feel right at home . 
  moaning about whatever is a national pastime here, 
  the germans must be cowering with fear, 
  how the hell did i end up here, 
  [ patrick star may have something to do with it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyn-0af_hli ), 
  the worrying thing is that i mostly hear young greeks , of my age or a little older , support him . 
  people who did n't live back then and have no experience of the bad things he did . 
  i 'm still baffled by the amount of people who celebrate papadopoulos ' reign . 
  `` he left us without any debt , he 's better than anyone else we 've had '' left me at a loss for words when i first heard that argument . 
  there are only two things i hate in the world , people who are intolerant of other people 's cultures and fucking goldmember references, 
   swamp german ugh ... 
  although she certainly had that one coming !, 
  it 's weird to have to explain that , even though i 'm dutch , i do n't have any weed i could sell . 
  oh , and goldmember quotes and references on reddit . 
  actueel in dutch is the same, 
  a proper mountain then !, 
  edit : do volcanoes count as mountains ? 
  they were just citing homer 's iliad !, 
  [ it 's ok ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/ultra/images/4/41/sad-i-know-that-feel-clean-l.png/revision/latest?cb=20120814164048 ) , we 'll just have our own tournament along with scotland and norway . 
  we 'll bring the blackjack and the hookers . 
  not entirely convinced on this year 's kit tbh, 
  my condolences ... 
  as someone who 's half-dutch and half-greek this is by far the most painful tournament for me ever . 
  to be fair , it used to be blue before 2004 . 
  imo nothing beats the kits with blue jerseys and white shorts . 
  this place is photography heaven . 
  very picturesque little place . 
  loved it when i was there . 
  he would need twice as many votes as he 's polling now to govern on his own ( never gon na happen ) , but there 's always the possibility ( which many think is small , but i 'm not so sure ) that there will be other parties that will form a government with him . 
  he 's just using the `` they 're taking away * your * freedom of speech ! '', 
  narrative . 
   hey , at least its always pretty warm mweh , it snowed all over greece last week so they do n't even get that, 
  the pictures have descriptions :  calabria : morzeddhu  morzeddhu is a spicy stew of veal entrails , served inside the pitta , a cut of long , circular bread . 
  the rich sauce must sink deep into the bread , as shown in the picture above . 
  messy , but delicious . 
  * eye twitches *, 
  it 's kind of a pitfall to be honest . 
  for example , i had german in school , but i always managed to pass tests by just speaking an adjusted version of dutch . 
  the relatively large mutual intelligibility means that you can make yourself understood , but you 'll never truly learn the language to communicate on a deeper level unless you make an active effort to learn a familiar language from the ground up . 
  i never did that , so that means that when germans speak fast ( or sometimes even normal pace ) and with certain accents , for me they might as well be speaking russian . 
   heaven mountain , at an impressive 147m tall . 
  i dont know man , where i come from that is pretty fucking terrifyingly tall , 
  do n't forget [ van gaal german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe1z_o0anxe ) !, 
  we 're basically born trilingual / s, 
  we will have our revenge !, 
  those are belgium ( belgi\u00eb in dutch , to the south ) and germany ( duitsland in dutch , to the east ) . 
  trivia : ` dutch ' ( and duits , deutsch , diets , duuts etc ) comes from an early germanic word which used to mean ` the people ' , i.e. 
  the all the germanic peoples . 
  dutch in english used to refer to all mainland germanic peoples , but as time progressed and the english primarily had contact ( through trade and war ) with the people of the low countries , its meaning shifted to mean only the people from the netherlands . 
  it 's not a phase mom, 
  that 's a bit of a sore subject ... * sobs over three lost finals *, 
  [ nothing will ever beat lordi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ), 
  interesting , in my school there were about 10 times more people doing spanish than ancient greek , but i suppose spanish is n't taught everywhere, 
  not yet i think , i think it 's from june 15th onwards , though some providers have implemented it already ( vodafone in the netherlands for example ), 
  football by far , there are other sports that are pretty popular like field hockey , tennis , cycling , speed skating and f1 but they do n't come close to football . 
  english is mandatory starting in fifth grade ( age 10 for me ) , and in my high school ( middle school and high school are the same thing here ) we had to choose a third language too ( doesnt matter which , but a third one was mandatory ) . 
  options included french , german and spanish , and latin and ancient greek counted to if you wanted those . 
  yeah i think it 's people in the dinaric alps that tend to overtake us , which span the balkans, 
  yeah , sometimes they do n't measure at a national level and then some regional populations overtake us , but generally the netherlands is always at least up there with the tallest . 
  1.78 m , so i 'm a little below average here in the netherlands ( average is about 1.83 m for men , depending on the study ), 
  not really , i do feel more connected and related with belgium and luxembourg than with most other european countries , but i do n't identify as a beneluxian or something, 
  some of my favourites : - lewis hamilton , very talented driver , aggressive and entertaining driving style especially in his early years . 
  - andrea pirlo , stylish player , incredible vision and great shooting technique . 
  especially his vision is why i like him , he could read the game so well , i love that in players . 
  sucks that he moved to the mls , difficult to see him play now . 
  mostly mayonnaise , and sometimes satay sauce, 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/s%c3%bctterlin.svg/744px-s%c3%bctterlin.svg.png ) honestly looks like some ancient mesopotamian script, 
  good question , never thought about it so i looked it up . 
  if they 're registered in the municipal personal records database , which contains the personal details of everyone living in the netherlands , they can contact the municipality and agree upon a way to pick up a voting pass or get it sent to an address where the homeless person can pick it up . 
  these were the parliamentary elections . 
  every party makes a list of candidates ( nationally ) , so in addition to choosing a party , you choose who you 'd prefer to have in parliament . 
  say a party gets votes for 30 seats , normally # 1 to # 30 on the list get elected into parliament . 
  but if candidates who are placed lower on the candidate list get more votes than the people above them on the list , and their amount of votes is higher than a certain threshold they can get into parliament based on those preference votes , taking the seat of the lowest person placed on the list who would have otherwise gotten in ( and does n't have enough preference votes ) . 
   or any polling station in the country upon request good point yeah . 
  you have to request this before the day of the elections , but it happens very often that people forget to do that , and they then go to the voting station on the train station or something , where they 're then sent away because they did n't request it before election day . 
  you get a ` stempas ' ( voting pass ) sent to your home , you take that and a form of identification ( id card , passport or driving licence ) to the local polling station , there they give you a ballot paper ( this year 's was a rather ... [ extensive ] ( http://www.amstelveenweb.com/afbeeldingen/2017-stembiljet-dignahof-15maart.jpg ) ) . 
  you take that to a booth and choose the candidate , then you fold it and put it in a box . 
   the odds there are about voting out , though , not whether a referendum would be held ( e.g. 
  netherlands government is pro-eu , i believe , so they 'd probably not have a vote anyway ? ), 
  the government formation is n't done yet , but yeah , if the parties that are currently negotiating indeed form a government the chance of a referendum is about 0 % . 
  all four parties are pro-eu , one of those ( d66 ) is even openly federalist . 
  i have that same feeling with danish , whenever i hear it it sounds like i should understand it but i only catch like 10 % of it . 
  not so much with german though , i suppose i 'm too used to hearing that language , it does n't give me that same feeling . 
  as far as countries outside of europe go , japan is probably at the top of my list . 
  a fascinating country , i think it 'd feel familiar and completely strange at the same time . 
  probably sushi , but stuff like char siu is also right up there, 
  we did n't really know much about our family history until recently . 
  we have traced one side of my family back to the early 1600s , and then we understood why we did n't know much about that side of the family . 
  they were basically all just farmers or farm hands from the same few villages in the countryside .
