   a good example of this is when politicians in america have to repeatedly praise god and jesus , which would repel 99 % of uk voters yep , not even our christian-democratic parties do that here, 
  depends on which languages . 
  i 've always heard that spaniards and italians can understand each other very well , and portuguese and spaniards too . 
  well they 're doing a bad job pissing me off then , does nothing to me, 
   then again his aggressive driving could be useful in a rally i guess only one way to find out !, 
  seriously though driving in france scares me to no end even though i 'm used to greek drivers who are absolute lunatics, 
  we 're stuck with a conservative right-wing minister of justice who [ claims to know people who have died of weed ] ( https://twitter.com/ardvandersteur/status/198139899042471937 ) . 
  if he had his way we would have the same backward drug policy like most other countries in the world . 
  exactly edit : technically speaking you ca n't even sell it but the government tolerates ( `` gedoogt '' ) the coffee shops selling a maximum of 5 grammes to customers, 
  import is very much illegal , even possession is illegal but for small quantities ( under 5 grammes ) you wo n't be persecuted . 
  for any amount over 30 grammes you a risk prison sentence that can go up to two years . 
  mayors from cities all around the netherlands have been begging the government for years to legalise regulated production of cannabis . 
  we 're stuck in a ridiculous situation and i really hope that the government finally does something about . 
  it should have been done like 10 years ago already . 
  no , there is a politician outside of the government who is planning to write up a bill to regulate the producation of cannabis , and the plan seems to have a majority ( although it only is the minimum majorty of 76/150 ) of politicians in the house of representatives who support it . 
  if it would pass there it would still have to pass through the senate , and i do n't see that happening easily . 
  finally regulate the production of cannabis . 
  we have this stupid situation right now where weed can be sold by coffeeshops , but everything before that is a shady mess . 
  regulating the production process can ensure the quality and safety of products , and we could even collect taxes . 
  we are in no way front-runners anymore with regards to softdrug-policy , even states in america have laws that are both more liberal and logical . 
  fortunately our politicians seem to have begun to realise this . 
  my opinion of the uk has n't changed . 
  i knew the sentiment was always quite popular over there and it finally showed in the referendum . 
  i still like the country though , and i 'll be visiting them for holidays just like i did before . 
   on the plus side , the world rally championship is by far the most difficult driving sport in the entire world ; you have to be absolutely crazy to drive like those guys do . 
  which country has won it for the last decade running ? 
  yeah ... at this point it seems that if you 're french and called s\u00e9bastien , you 're bound to be an insanely good rally driver, 
   in british parlance `` asian '' usually refers to india , pakistan , bangladesh this confused me quite a bit when i lived in the uk . 
  it confused me even more when some of my classmates called chinese people `` oriental '' , while calling indian and pakistani people `` asian '' . 
  i always associated the word `` asian '' with east asians myself , and for people from the indian subcontinent i 'd just use their nationality , even though they are asians too . 
  sorry , world !, 
   nationally , 57,000 people identified as pagans in the 2011 census and a few thousand as druids . 
  and if i remember correctly , like 170,000 people identified as jedi in that census :'), 
   here for my greek brothers thanks a lot for sharing that video , that 's amazing . 
  i understood quite a lot of that . 
  it 's very interesting to hear the italian intonation combined with the greek-based language . 
  i 'd love to go to southern italy sometime to visit the towns with griko communities . 
  for a moment there i was confused about what we had to do with sarkozy . 
  denmark and the netherlands are like siblings separated at birth, 
  might wan na try / r/askuk, 
  this is the first time i 've heard that honestly :'), 
  generally ounces are quite common in the netherlands to make it easier . 
  however , a dutch ounce ( ons ) is 100 grammes , instead of 28g . 
   far too harsh for dutch is that even possible ? 
  after having lived somewhere for a period of time you just subconsciously get used to certain mannerisms , clothing and hairstyles etc. 
  if you have spent a lot of time in the netherlands growing up i would n't be surprised if you developed that ` ability ' too . 
  as a dutchman myself i recognise other dutch people most of the time without having to hear them speak . 
  as another person from a place right next to amsterdam , i agree with everything you said . 
  also , what all the first-time visitors that i showed around always seemed to love were the canal boat tours . 
  it kinda adds to what / u/havana _ aan_de_waal said about amsterdam being a city you have to experience as a whole and by wandering around . 
  when you take the boat tour you see the city from a different , unique perspective and you get a look at all the important landmarks , while hearing the history behind them like you would on a sightseeing bus . 
  the boat tours can be a bit more expensive , but in my experience they 're worth it . 
  yeah it heavily depends on the ` profile ' you choose earlier on . 
  i personally took : - dutch - english - ancient greek - spanish - classical cultural education ( classical and renaissance art etc ) - mathematics ( mostly focused on economics , probabilities etc ) - economics - bookkeeping / finance ( called management and organisation ) - history ( my year had the dutch republic ( 17th century ) and vietnam war as main topics ), 
  never had a dollar in my life . 
  as a half-blood i say yes please, 
  hey now :(, 
  it 's often sky sports that i see do it , but yeah , it varies from channel to channel of course . 
  my original statement was that in the uk ( another country that i have experience with regarding tv ) it 's much more common than here , where you 'll almost never encounter it , regardless of the channel . 
  true , but in my experience as a half-greek if someone wants to truly insult you he will call you something worse . 
  i watch a lot of british coverage of sports and i 've seen reporters ask players pre-emptively to not swear in answers to their interviews . 
   you 'll hear this on tv , not that big of a deal . 
  i think we are much , much more relaxed about swearing on tv than most other countries . 
  no one bats an eye whenever someone swears , while on british television , for example , you always hear people apologising ( even for others ) whenever colourful language is used . 
  also , a greek calling you a malaka is a sign that you 've become friends !, 
  here in the netherlands only really some flies and mosquitoes . 
  in winter barely anything though . 
  i spend my summers in greece , and there , well , all kinds of different bugs . 
  moths , mosquitoes , wasps , bees , grasshoppers , crickets the list goes on . 
  we have screen doors and screen windows everywhere so we do n't have to worry about them . 
  without screen doors we 'd get small scorpions in the house too . 
  i 've had a camel spider on my balcony , those things are fucking scary . 
  no need to be a dick about it dude . 
  this sub would die out within a couple of months if we stopped repeating threads, 
  goody 's < 3, 
   but i do n't understand what this has to do with new jersey most europeans would n't know what a typical new jersey dish is so for the restaurant it would n't make a difference as long as it sounds good . 
  i like the uk and its people , i thoroughly enjoyed my erasmus exchange there , so because of that i 'm sad to see them go . 
  on the other hand , they 're a sovereign state and if they think this is the right decision for them then they should be able to leave . 
  you ca n't be serious, 
  do n't feed the troll guys, 
  every european country i 've visited in the last few years had people walking around with them . 
  definitely not banned, 
   it 's not just a matter of the scale of the tragedy : if it were , the 2004 asian tsunami or the pakistani earthquake ( both of which have been pretty much forgotten ) would be much more important to us . 
  those were natural disasters though , 9/11 was a terrorist attack . 
  i do agree though that the victim being america `` helped '' its prominence in news reporting at the time , but it definitely was not the main reason . 
  i agree with you . 
  attacks like the one in bataclan were horrific and met with a lot of shock , but wtc was on a bigger scale , even though it is further away . 
  it was definitely not like any other attack for us here . 
  there 's a reason that every time 9/11 comes around all channels here start showing documentaries about the attacks . 
  i was quite young when it happened , but the overall reaction was shock and disbelief , of course . 
  my mother works for an american company here , and back then when it happened the company ordered all employees to go and stay home as it was feared that the company , being american , could be a potential target for another attack . 
   im so ashamed right now the only possible course of action for you now , after having brought shame upon yourself and your family , is to commit sudoku i 'm afraid, 
   when you tell a computer to boot at 22:00 it does so at 11pm . 
  not sure if that 's positive or negative :'), 
  you wo n't really hear anyone say `` i 'll meet you at twenty-three '' , they 'll just say eleven , but our digital clocks are in the 24 hour format, 
  well , unless you guys all suddenly start migrating from the british isles to america or something you are still very much in europe . 
  regardless , brexit indeed sucks ... 
  on behalf of the netherlands i apologise for those brainless barbarians, 
   heavy metal has that title by quite a gap this is why i love you guys ... that and our shared love of salmiak ( ki ), 
  in an ideal world i 'd move to greece , as i 'm half-greek , but moving there is difficult nowadays because of economical reasons , and as i already have the greek nationality it would mean that i 'd have to serve in the army ( i would n't really find that a problem though if i was indeed able to find a job ) .
