  we call him the kerstman which roughly translates to `` christmasman '' . 
  traditionally the bigger celebration for kids here is [ sinterklaas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinterklaas ) , there they get most of the presents and stuff ( sinterklaas is generally understood to be the basis of the santa claus character together with the english father christmas ) , celebrated on the 5th of december . 
  still though , we celebrate christmas with christmas trees and stuff , some lucky kids also get presents at christmas , but generally it 's just a big family get-together , where you have dinner etc. 
  in my family christmas was always the more ` grown-up ' celebration . 
  i mean , i like edm sometimes ( for going out and stuff ) , but i do n't listen to it in my free time . 
  reggaeton is cool , but only in a beach club on a warm summer night somewhere on the mediterranean , 
  i was purposefully forgetting them :'), 
  there are quite [ a lot of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_words_of_dutch_origin ) . 
  some examples are boss ( from baas ) , cruise ( from kruisen , which means to cross ) , yacht ( from jachtschip , literally hunting ship ) , frolic ( from vrolijk , cheerful ) and coleslaw ( koolsla , cabbage salad ), 
   hahaha yeah , not our finest hour :') but famous nonetheless, 
  healthier as well !, 
  [ anton !, 
  anton !, 
  anton !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swoui0pvtxw ), 
  yeah that 's basically what i do as well , unless they 're really interesting or something . 
  most of the time that i 'm in a bus ( either too sleepy because it 's early or tired after a tiring day ) i 'm not exactly in the mood for small talk . 
  i do n't know how i could n't recall that name, 
  being from the uk or the us is cheating with this kinda stuff :p, 
  it 's mostly dutch djs that are famous . 
  tiesto , afrojack , armin van buuren and martin garrix to name a few . 
  now , for famous bands and singers , there 's : - golden earring ( [ radar love ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iavrbsp_ulu ) ) - 2 unlimited ( [ no limit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkexggdqmz8 ) , which i guess somewhat counts as dj music ) - shocking blue ( [ venus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lhkyycvuhk ) ) - within temptation - venga boys ( [ we like to party ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zbi0xmgtmw ) ) edit : i guess we can also half-claim van halen , as the three van halen brothers are dutch and were born here in the netherlands before they migrated to the us some more that just came to mind : - caro emerald ( [ a night like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74lxx0wsqmi ) ) - andre rieu , a violinist , is maybe not one of the most famous , but definitely one of the most successful dutch musicians . 
  even if they were the closest european thing to libertarianism , then it 's still hugely different from the libertarianism op was asking about , which was the american understanding of libertarianism , and that 's the crucial part here . 
  the point was that the american form of libertarianism has very small support in europe . 
  i 've also never ever heard someone talk about the d66 with the words pseudo-libertarian or libertarian-lite . 
  the cdu is christian-democrat , but it 's a classic example of a christian-democratic party that has just evolved into a centre-conservative party . 
  the christian aspect is n't as prominent anymore . 
  just like the cda here in the netherlands . 
  i do n't understand which specific conservatives you mean, 
  yes , but they are n't a libertarian party . 
  there are many forms of liberalism . 
  if they were libertarian they would do stuff like advocate the abolishment of welfare programs . 
  libertarians do n't like any form of government intervention . 
  d66 is social liberal , it even says so on their wikipedia page . 
  they believe there is a role for the government . 
  they 're not libertarian ( or classical liberal ) , they 're social liberal , meaning that they believe there should be a role for the government in addressing social and economic issues , for example , the government should provide education and unemployment benefits . 
  i 've both met people who loved it and found it very ` liberating ' and people who were absolutely shocked in a negative way by how direct people were, 
  eh , i 'm an outsider too but `` no moaning , bitching or complaining '' could n't be further from the truth . 
  they 're just very cynical about stuff and a lot of the complaining is casual complaining . 
   england - `` dignity '' : if feel as though the english suffer hardship , insult , and tragedy with great fortitude . 
  no moaning , bitching or complaining . 
  just dignity and resolve . 
  i 'd say it 's the opposite , the english moan a lot and they 're very cynical . 
  as for the dutch , that defining trait would definitely be directness . 
  we speak our mind often to the point where it 's perceived as rude . 
   high five fellow dwarf !, 
  or in our case , low five !, 
  ah well , shit happens eh, 
  well yeah , but the op question was without them saying anything :'), 
  unless you 're like me and you 're ` only ' 1.78 m. . . :p, 
  no , not just because i think that everyone should be able to have their voice heard , but also because something like that is a slippery slope . 
  no , not to the extent you guys are . 
  it 's okay how it is . 
  we here do much less of the patriotism stuff you guys are used to . 
  we rarely sing the national anthem ( you guys sing it at every sports event ) and we rarely wave our flags ( yours are everywhere ) . 
  also in much of europe stuff like the pledge of allegiance reminds us of very bad stuff that you probably know about . 
  the only thing we had in our school ( no dutch tradition or anything ) was a short school-wide message that the teacher would read to you before the first lesson of the day , that would update you on important things that may have happened in the school , or just a motivational or inspirational story . 
  we never had to recite anything though , nothing like the pledge of allegiance ( which to me seems a bit creepy ) . 
  not 100 % of the time of course , but i 've often been able to recognise dutch people just from mannerisms , clothing and looks alone, 
  yeah , but this has been the case for all social-democratic parties across europe . 
  dijsselbloem is a social-democrat but you would n't recognise that from his actions and attitudes as the president of the eurogroup . 
  in terms of libertarianism as in classical liberalism , there are a few parties across europe that have united to form the [ european party for individual liberty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_party_for_individual_liberty ) , but none of these parties are particularly successful in their respective countries , and neither is their cooperation at an eu level . 
  the dutch libertarian party for example has never won a seat in any government body . 
  i mean , i do n't follow german politics * that * closely , but this whole thing just feels like a cheap way to appease voters just before the next federal election , giving them a tax cut while profiting from the sentiment of `` all these freaking foreigners using our roads and not paying anything '' . 
  if that is really the way that they counted cars driving in and out of germany though then that 's hilarious . 
  they 're also probably deliberately forgetting the reduction in people driving into germany for stuff like shopping and fuel if this would be implemented . 
  well if you guys are n't in favour of it either then i hope it does n't get implemented , but your minister seems to be in favour of it . 
  stuff like this is just stupid when both countries benefit so much from using each other 's infrastructure . 
  we use your roads , you use our roads . 
  we pay for our own roads , you pay for your own roads . 
  if the law does get implemented , then i would support us introducing a similar law for you guys too , it 's only fair . 
  yes , but the point is that here in the netherlands the chance that you ever pay toll is very small . 
  most germans will never pay any taxes at all for our roads . 
  there are only four places in the whole of the netherlands where toll is collected . 
  in your proposed system every dutchman will have to pay . 
  we do n't have a tax for foreign drivers . 
  we only have very few roads which collect toll from everyone , like a few tunnels . 
  this was difficult for me to get used to when i went on exchange to england . 
  in the netherlands we are like the total opposite , we speak our mind often to the point where it 's perceived as rude by other nationalities . 
  i think the singing variety in tone gives the italians the advantage , but i think we may beat the spanish . 
  although we do get bonus points for a harsh and guttural language in combination with loudness, 
  nice people , good social safety nets , beautiful and huge country , very good relationship between our countries because of wwii ( we still send you 10.000 tulips every year to thank you for housing members of our royal family and your huge role in our liberation ) . 
  trust me , the dutch give you guys a run for your money, 
  i would n't mind that at all to be honest . 
  they also have way more snow and i love snow . 
  the only thing they do n't have that i like is sea , but hey they have gigantic lakes to make up for that , and the incredible italian coast is just a short drive away . 
  same here , i would love a mountain or two here in the mainland netherlands . 
  imo switzerland has some of the most beautiful scenery in europe . 
  i guess i would also like less of the boring dutch cloudy days . 
  renzi 's party , the partito democratico , is social-democratic, 
  from 1989 until now the turnout for the most important elections ( parliamentary elections , tweede kamer ) here in the netherlands has hovered between 75 % and 80 % . 
  in the years before 1989 it used to be significantly more , even reaching 88 % in 1977 . 
  we also had mandatory voting before 1970 . 
  me too thanks, 
  ahhh so that 's what that accent is called . 
  i hear it everywhere , like in music or people ( often indeed non-ethnically british ) on tv , but i never knew the exact name of it . 
  i was n't sure , but i kinda thought london too , so i guess we were somewhat close ? 
  most of the people i met in university that were actually born and raised there were alright . 
  never had any problems with them . 
  i only wish they were n't as much a closed community as they often are .
