  myself i prefer manual transmission , i just like shifting through the gears myself and being more involved with my driving , i enjoy the overall driving experience more . 
  automatics are plenty nice though when you 're stuck in traffic and stuff like that . 
  i 'm with you guys . 
  like him or not , the reality is that trump is the president of arguably the most powerful country in the world . 
  he will influence the lives of billions of people around the world , especially us europeans as the us ' biggest allies , and it 's only natural that discussions will revolve around such a powerful and controversial person , just like we talk a lot about le pen , wilders , brexit , etc. 
  if users are obviously trolling or being a dick then the decision to ban them or delete the post is at the discretion of the mods . 
  if you see someone that is violating the sub 's rules , report him . 
  it 's still allowed to smoke weed etc in coffeeshops , but it 's not allowed to smoke joints that have tobacco in them too . 
  smoking is forbidden in enclosed public spaces , at the workplace and in restaurants , cafes , etc. 
  everytime i visit a country where smoking inside those is allowed i realise how much i appreciate it being banned in the netherlands . 
  not having to worry about all your clothes smelling of smoke ( and of course the health issues ) everytime you go out for a drink or dinner is so nice . 
  ah , it was n't meant as a ` search before you ask ' remark , sorry !, 
  it has been discussed in the comments of questions on here , and in general on reddit pretty often , though , and in general is a pretty common topic when comparing america and europe . 
  what i was trying to get at was that while europeans often mistake the us for being one 100 % homogeneous blob , americans often mistake states for being as different as countries in europe ( or even on different continents , like you gave denmark and tunisia as an example ) , just because geographically they are as large . 
   imagine if denmark and tunisia , or switzerland and macedonia , were the same country and those groups of people , with disparate education and experience , all had to try to live together . 
  this discussion has been had many times before , but that comparison just does n't work . 
  edit : that does n't mean that there is n't truth to your broader point, 
  not sure about soft pretzels , do n't think they are a thing here , but we do have a sweet variation of pretzels called krakelingen . 
  well , there used to be saab ... 
  all of them , but i like flags and i 'm subscribed to / r/vexillology so i 'm probably not representative of the general dutch person . 
  trucks refer to the transport vehicles ( lorries in british ) , we do n't really call big cars ` trucks ' . 
  a car with an open cargo area is called a pick-up here , instead of pickup truck . 
  i guess we would n't have a term for the chevy suburban other than suv or `` big american car '' . 
  i guess typical engine for cars here would be a four-cylinder between 1.4 l and 2.0 l. 
  smaller ones are often turbocharged . 
  v8s are very rare . 
  hawaii is definitely on my list of destinations to visit . 
  the weird thing about hawaii is that it 's a reasonably big place in the middle of nowhere . 
  i 'd love to go there . 
  no no no you 've got it the wrong way around . 
  you 're the ones who ran away with * our * ardennes !, 
  just create some minority tensions in south tyrol , then send troops to ` protect ' the tyrolian minority and extend the border to the sea while you 're at it !, 
  i have n't been there yet , no , but i would love to visit someday . 
  i think it would feel extremely weird to travel thousands of kilometres across the atlantic and still be in my own country . 
   whilst i disagree on your views of the film which views are you disagreeing with ? 
  mountains from the alps ( so i guess many countries including switzerland , austria , etc ) . 
  i love driving on twisty mountain roads , i love the views , i love the snow , i love the nature . 
  a totally flat country just is n't the same ... 
  same here in the netherlands in catholic families, 
  [ * unlimited polder * ] ( http://thesavagelifestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/inlimited-power-dark-side-1024x435.jpg ), 
  * good , good ... *, 
  i 've played it , it 's cool but it 's a real arcade racer , i 'm trying to get into the more realistic simulator stuff cause i 'm a big racing fan , 
  * translation : 1 april , frog in your butt , that does n't want to get out yeah i think that qualifies as silly ... :') it 's often said after an april fools joke . 
  as to how it came to be , no idea . 
  the last few months i 've been killing time with rfactor and stellaris . 
  mostly rfactor , i 've really been trying to get into sim racing . 
  even if i 'm not that good though , i love just driving around on tracks with some music playing in the background . 
  oh yeah i hate that one as well . 
  before it started the idea of a building up closed-off society starting with nothing sounded pretty cool to me , but pretty soon they just started ordering all kinds of stuff to be delivered there and it killed all the appeal . 
  it then turned into a generic bad ` reality ' tv show . 
  yeah a bit weird that they would get this wrong , i generally know them as being reliable as well . 
  though it could also be that they made a mistake with the wording , if they had added to the text that 's gravenhage became the official name , rather than saying that it only appeared in the 17th century , they would have been correct . 
  yeah that is pretty weird , though den bosch probably was n't as famous in england as the hague , which was one of the most important dutch cities for outsiders, 
   in the 15th century , the smarter des graven hage came into use , literally `` the count 's wood '' from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hague ), 
  its full name in dutch is 's gravenhage , medieval dutch for `` the count 's forest '' , but it 's colloquial name has been `` den haag '' , `` the forest '' for the better part of a millenium now . 
  i guess somewhere in medieval times it was phonetically translated directly to english as `` the hague '' and stayed that way . 
  same here , had never heard of the guy, 
  oh oh cherso , a dutch variation on jersey shore . 
  the show is about people from the hague ( the show 's title is a play on a dutch song about the hague `` oh oh den haag '' ) who go to chersonissos , greece , to get drunk and do trashy drunken tourist stuff etc. 
  it later had a second series called `` oh oh tirol '' , where warm summer nights in greece were replaced by apres-ski in austria . 
  i could have sworn i had seen a user with that flair on here , but looking through the options i ca n't find it either . 
  i may just be going crazy . 
  u wot m8, 
  officially it was recognised by the dutch government as voormalige joegoslavische republiek macedoni\u00eb ( v.j.r.m. 
  ) , but in everyday use you almost always hear just macedoni\u00eb . 
  we do have it here , it 's even called [ driekoningen ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/driekoningen ) , it 's just not as big as in other countries . 
  could you maybe specify the question ? 
  is this question for regions like alsace-lorraine ? 
  considering you think bbc , reuters and cnn are too left-wing , i do n't think you 'll find many sources in europe that suit your views . 
   the economist which is british , so you 've found one, 
  she articulates very well , probably because she 's a teacher and she 's speaking for tv . 
  her accent is pretty moderate for surinamese , but it 's more that she puts in a lot of effort to speak clearly . 
  the common language in suriname ( used alongside dutch ) is a mainly english creole just like jamaican patois so i guess it kinda makes sense that it sounds a bit like a jamaican speaking dutch . 
  yeah , the surinamese accent is n't particularly well done . 
  for surinaams [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmectlgon50 ) is better . 
  the interviewer is dutch , the interviewee is surinamese . 
  that said , there is quite a big asian population in suriname , particularly indian and indonesian , which had an effect on the local language . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iozdfpygz9m ) is one for dutch . 
  it is n't great , for example ` vlaams ' ( flemish ) is as much an accent as ` dutch ' , that 's to say , it 's too broad , and some of the other accents are not perfectly done ( and it misses brabantian which is one of the more common accents , he has that one in another video ) . 
  that said , you should the get the idea . 
   countries in europe with different tax rates per region there are , for example greece has lower vat rates on certain islands, 
   if scandinavia is socialist tbh we had a thread asking exactly that , but it was n't a troll , rather it was someone genuinely curious about the terminology and how it may or may not fit the situation in the scandinavian countries, 
  i had to stop watching that halfway through because of the vicarious shame, 
  aaaand another one https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5ltwdh/why_are_europeans_always_telling_americans_that/, 
  it happens pretty often . 
  when i speak dutch i get mistaken for german pretty often , and when speaking greek i 've been mistaken for so many nationalities ; italian , spanish , serbian , portuguese , you name it , people just ca n't recognise the language . 
  so if i 'd get offended by people getting it wrong i would be permanently miserable . 
  i was speaking hypothetically , using it as an example , and you know that , nowhere did i say that a country in europe is communist . 
  ask cuba about that, 
   i cant say `` oooh fuck those '' , when my country is one as well . 
  you can . 
  does living in a communist state mean you can not disagree with communism ? 
  does living in a state with no gay marriage mean you ca n't dislike countries without gay marriage ( including your own , hypothetically speaking ) ? 
  [ bulgaria touted as tax haven - kpmg ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/121080/bulgaria+touted+as+tax+heaven+-+kpmg ) [ bulgaria - the eu 's tax haven ] ( https://www.freedomsurfer.com/bulgaria-tax/ ) does this mean it 's dumb for someone to ask you about your opinion on tax havens too ? 
  and you 're from bulgaria , the tax haven of the balkans . 
  what does that say about you ? 
  nothing , just like someone being from the netherlands does n't say anything about their attitude towards such countries . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted ( i was too ) , but yeah , it 's true . 
  still though , i know only the salaries of some of my good friends . 
  a bit less than with random people of course , but most people still do n't talk about their salary with colleagues in my experience .
