  greece is on the european side of the bosporus . 
  so we 're all just gon na ignore the fact that the belarusian flag is also in the banner, 
  no , we 'll all turn into an arabian colony and we 'll all be radical muslims living in fear, 
  even the council of europe calls the flag `` a flag for the whole of europe '' , so it 's for everyone, 
  it was the flag of the [ council of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ) before it was also adopted as the eu flag . 
  therefore it 's not the eu flag , it 's the [ flag of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe ) . 
  ansaldobreda is infamous in the netherlands for manufacturing the very unreliable trains for the high-speed railway line between the netherlands and belgium . 
  there were so many technical issues with the trains that the contract with ansaldobreda was terminated and all ansaldobreda trains were sent back to italy for a refund . 
  when i posted this answer op did n't say that he also allowed people only famous in the netherlands . 
  as such i only listed people that are famous worldwide . 
  oh man , there 's so many ... ferrari , lamborghini , maserati , alfa romeo , fiat ( and abarth ) , osella , dallara , pagani , magneti marelli , agip and pirelli for car-related companies . 
  benetton , versace , prada , armani , gucci , dolce & gabbana , errea , kappa for clothes . 
  beretta and benelli for firearms . 
  i can go on and on to be honest . 
  ours is the oldest !!, 
  we did it before it was cool !, 
   there are a few factors . 
  first off , most flags originated from naval flags . 
  simple tricolour flags were very easy to distinguish from far away at sea ( and easy to distinguish in general ) , much easier than a flag with a coat of arms on it , for example , that 's a reason why they may be popular . 
  russia 's flag is a result from peter the great being inspired by the dutch flag ( the dutch were the biggest naval power in the world at the time ) in his time in the netherlands . 
  the russian flag then inspired many slavic flags ( the dutch red-white-blue colours then became symbolic of slavs ) . 
  another factor is association with certain political developments . 
  the french revolution was very important in this regard . 
  for example , when belgium became independent from the kingdom of the netherlands , they chose a vertical tricolour , many say this is to be associated more with france rather than the netherlands . 
  the irish and italian flags were also inspired by the french flag . 
  still doesnt make it a european league though, 
  i would n't call f1 a european sports league though , it 's a global championship , with gps all over the world , popular in many countries outside of europe ( very popular in countries like canada , brazil , japan and australia ) , with many legendary non-european drivers , like the argentinian juan manuel fangio and the brazilian ayrton senna , and non-european teams , like the current american team haas . 
  we have suburbs in the netherlands , though not the stereotypical american big detached house with big garden and huge driveway type of suburbs ( except for really rich areas ) . 
  why were they successful ? 
  idk , i guess people found them funny ? 
  in the 90s people could n't get enough of sitcoms , i do n't think the ` life in the suburbs ' thing particularly mattered . 
  i 've never associated that kind of thing with those shows . 
   like the simpsons or married with children both of those were and are on dutch tv all the time too, 
  the ` that 70s show ' is pretty famous , it was on dutch tv all the time . 
  i have never heard of the veggietales though . 
  with how it 's looking at the moment , all very low . 
  depends , what do we consider to be descendants ? 
  i would n't consider a person with one dutch grandparent dutch , for example ( edit : unless they had dutch citizenship ) . 
  it also depends on how conscious they are of it themselves . 
  as far as individual sports go , at the moment i guess it 's probably f1 . 
  it was n't really massively popular until max verstappen entered the sport last year . 
  there was always a smaller , hardcore crowd , but now everyone and their mother seems to watch it . 
  honourable mentions : speed skating and cycling ( tour de france in particular ), 
  apple and samsung are the brands you see most frequently, 
  do you have kangaroos in your back yard ? 
  yeah , that was what i meant . 
  as a surname they 're common but as a first name i do n't think it 's very ` english ' . 
  are n't those more american than english though ( as given names ) ? 
  edit : i do know a british lee now that i think about it though, 
   stella i 've seen stella in a lot of countries tbh . 
  chardonnay though ... 
   caesar please please please let it be a hispanic person who called their kid cesar ? 
  if it 's really caesar ... wow : s ... 
  apparently there really are [ 108 ] ( http://www.meertens.knaw.nl/nvb/naam/is/caesar ) poor souls in nl called caesar, 
  i knew a kjell in uni , but they 're mostly trendnames though , scandinavian names like sven , olaf , bj\u00f6rn , etc all started being popular in the late 20th century here, 
  auke and fokkelien i 've heard before , the rest is completely new to me hahah although idsart is pretty cool , sounds like a badass old frisian king from like 1500 years ago, 
  difficult for dutch , as pretty much all our names have a german , english or french cognate . 
  there are some frisian names that are pretty unique though i think , like djurre ( pronounced dyurre ) , jelle ( yelle ) and foppe . 
  a frisian person would have to chime in though to help me further cause i do n't know that many . 
  i guess some more unique-ish names are shortened names like floris ( from latin florentius ) , thijmen , stijn ( from constantijn/constantine or augustijn/augustine ) , noud ( from arnoud/arnold/etc ) , coen ( from coenraad/conrad/etc ) ,, 
   i also discovered sailor is now a boy 's name . 
  i bet someone with the surname moon who thinks they 're funny has already named their poor kid sailor . 
  it does n't really snow very frequently in the netherlands at all . 
  in the area around amsterdam it really only snows like once a year . 
  yeah , there are good arguments for both systems, 
  well the good thing is that in amsterdam everything is reasonably close . 
  you could walk all sights in the centre if you wanted to . 
  next to the anne frank house there 's the westerkerk ( western church ) , which is famous because of anne frank 's diary as well , and it 's a beautiful dutch renaissance church . 
  there 's also the onze lieve vrouwe kerk ( church of our lady ) across the street which is roman-catholic , which means the architecture and art is a bit more extravagant . 
  both nice places which are very close to the anne frank house to go in and take a few instagram pictures  a bit further away but still pretty close to the anne frank house is the dam square . 
  between the palace on the dam , the nieuwe kerk ( new church ) , the wwii monument ( notorious for looking like a dong ) and the many shops there ( souvenirs too ) you should find something to your liking , although i 'm sure you 'll pass by that square with your parents too . 
  if i can recommend something to do with your family though , it 's to take one of the canal tours . 
  it 's a great way to rest and it gives you the chance to see the city from another perspective ( from the water ) . 
  it 's sometimes seen as a bit touristy and clich\u00e9 but the people i 've received in amsterdam always really appreciated it . 
  i 've heard from a lot of people that the anne frank house is n't really worth it unless you 're really really dying to go there , because of the huge lines and the small cramped space . 
  so i 'd say if op is not sure about it , then maybe try something else . 
  no worries , glad to help, 
   has there ever been a situation where a party has won , but their candidate at the top of the list did n't get the most votes in their party ? 
  it has happened in 2006 , when mark rutte was the top candidate but the # 2 , rita verdonk , on the list got more votes . 
  it did n't change anything though . 
  normally the # 1 is always the person to be put forward to form a government and usually become pm , it does n't depend on the votes in our electoral system . 
  in the case of rita verdonk it fuelled her ambitions to leave the party she was in and form a new party , which never got a seat , and her political career went into oblivion . 
  the preference votes do n't really matter for who becomes pm . 
  they matter for who gets elected into the parliament . 
  basically , if a candidate gets 25 % of the electoral quota ( total amount of votes divided by the 150 seats in parliament ) and he has more preference votes than the otherwise lowest placed elected candidate based on the list , then the person with the more preference votes gets elected instead of the person who would have been elected based on the candidate list . 
   also , do you happen to know where i can find out how many votes mark rutte in particular received ? 
  looked it up for you , a bit difficult to find , but i think he got 2,129,000 preference votes . 
  edit : i found a government [ report ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/richtlijnen/2012/09/17/bijlage-bij-persbericht-17-september-2012-uitslag-tweede-kamerverkiezing-2012 ) which lists the full election results , including who got how many preference votes . 
  for mark rutte it was indeed 2,129,000 votes . 
  it 's in dutch , ` stemmen ' means votes . 
  we do n't have constituencies here in the netherlands , so mark rutte does n't represent any . 
  ah i see the troll is back, 
  yeah , the referendum itself was just a uk-wide percentage vote . 
  only a simple majority was needed . 
  it 's kinda been replaced by [ hardstyle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0ugrjqt1wo ) and [ hardcore ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au3egzoe9dk ) . 
  yeah it 's a thing ( both the hiphop and the danceable kind ) . 
  the music has a following outside of the mainstream , and there 's even a small dutch trap scene . 
  i would n't be able to point you towards a good song though , i 've never really been much of a fan of dutch hiphop styles . 
  i have a lot of friends who are hugely into trap but they do n't listen to dutch trap at all . 
  i think the edm trap version is more popular here , the netherlands in general being big into edm and all .
