  unless you 're greek and your breakfast only consists of a coffee and a cigarette , of course . 
  often in america strangers ( generalisation of course ) will ask you things like `` how are you today ? '' . 
  in many countries in europe greeting strangers stops at `` hello . 
  '' , and so when they 're asked `` how are you doing today '' people can get a bit confused . 
  is that stranger really asking me about my day ? 
  why does he want to know ? 
  do i know him ? 
  do i give an honest answer ? 
  it 's one of those mini culture clashes, 
  volkswagen failed eu emission standards too and has to recall and fix all their diesels . 
  what cars ca n't you import ? 
  i do n't know man , the only thing i know is that the subaru wrx sti , a car that costs about $ 35000 dollars msrp in the usa , costs over $ 85000 here after emission taxes in the netherlands . 
  we 're not lax at all about emissions here . 
  kinda stupid, 
   good luck with your countryman . 
  what does he have to do with anything ? 
  it 's just one guy who does something weird in a country far away ? 
   the one thing i wish we had in america that exists in italy and europe is a proper neapolitan pizza with anchovies , olives and capers . 
  i love this pizza !, 
  i can find it anywhere in france or italy , but almost nowhere in america . 
  wait really ? 
  poor you ... that shit is so so good, 
   i was thinking german and english bilingual ( that 's what you need in school and life anyway ) and some solid basics of the other two as they grow up . 
  it 's tricky . 
  i personally know a lot of other ` halfbloods ' whose parents thought they 'd teach them their language later on as they grew up , but many of those did n't learn anything other than the language ( s ) they were spoken to as a baby . 
  the first 3 years or so are the most important . 
  it will take a lot more effort for the kids to learn new languages after that . 
  that 's all just anecdotal evidence though . 
  personally most of my english comes from stuff i did in my own time like movies , games , internet etc , so i 'd personally tend to swap that one with czech or the indian language . 
  on the other hand i guess it 's more difficult to learn english that way in germany though where everything is dubbed and all games are translated , so maybe english at home would be important . 
  a german will have to share his view on that one ... 
  in the netherlands everything is subbed rather than dubbed and most games are in english ( although that one is changing ) . 
  seriously though i seem to remember that even 4 languages can be done . 
  it 's probably a bit more difficult than the traditional `` dad talks language a , mom talks language b '' though ... 
  greek father and dutch mother , 
   our future kids will have to suffer with the languages tho . 
  please do teach them both languages though !, 
  i 'm personally very grateful that my parents both spoke their own languages to me . 
  first of all it means that i can easily talk to all my family and second growing up bilingually ( trilingually if you count english ) helps you with other languages too . 
  as a young lad playing pok\u00e9mon and using cut always made me giggle, 
  the eu criticising the decision would probably worsen the opinion of the eu of the poles that did vote for the current government , and it would be detrimental to the relationship between the eu and poland 's government . 
  as you said , poland democratically elected their government and it 's their business . 
  i too disagree with the current policy and i wish other eu leaders would speak out a bit . 
  i hope this nice question/post turns into a good discussion and not into a muh diversity shitstorm cause it 's an interesting subject . 
  you 're a nice sub / r/askeurope , i 'm going to sleep , do n't disappoint me, 
  blunt and pretty rude sounding like a true dutchman :p, 
  sounds like hawaii, 
  had n't thought of that actually , but that would n't surprise me , sounds plausible . 
  there was a lot of gossip about him being gay as well . 
  hahah yeah , france is the stereotypical mainstream dutch holiday country , for better or for worse i always thought the saying came from kings like louis xiv , who lived like a god , but the origin of the saying is unclear , i 've heard theories that state that the saying was originally `` living like a goth in france '' ( the tribe , not the music style :d ) . 
   english me hair oep gezondheid, 
   during the anglo-dutch wars between england and the netherlands in the 17th century , the english language gained an array of insults ( including `` dutch uncle '' ) , such as :  `` dutch courage '' ( alcohol-induced bravery ) `` double dutch '' ( incomprehensible , nonsense ) `` dutch cap '' ( contraceptive diaphragm ) `` dutch wife '' ( prostitute ; sex doll ) `` dutch widow '' ( prostitute ) `` dutch comfort '' ( saying that `` things could be worse ! '' ), 
  `` dutch metal '' or `` dutch gold '' ( cheap alloy resembling gold ) `` dutch treat '' ( social date where the invitee pays for himself/herself ) `` dutch concert '' ( noise and uproar , as from a drunken crowd ) `` dutch-bottomed '' ( empty ) `` dutch nightingale '' ( frog ) these terms also gained prominence in 17th-century new england during its rivalry with new netherland , which the dutch captured ( and later recaptured ) during the second anglo-dutch war . 
   these colorful ( though now incongruous ) phrases became part of english usage worldwide , and some are still in use . 
  you guys did n't really like us did ya, 
   i like this one : leben wie gott in frankreich -  live like god in france . 
  means : living a marvelous life without sorrows we have that one too : leven als god in frankrijk, 
  it kinda did , the uk has a common law system without a previously established constitution . 
  laws pile up over time and make up the constitution as they are written . 
  chapter 1 : fundamental rights article 1 :  all persons in the netherlands shall be treated equally in equal circumstances . 
  discrimination on the grounds of religion , belief , political opinion , race or sex or on any other grounds whatsoever shall not be permitted . 
  you assume that everyone likes a hot climate better than a mild climate . 
  but coming from a country with a mild climate myself , many people i know would n't be able to last 2 months in the climate of hawaii . 
  hawaii and new zealand both have polynesian cultural roots , yes , but you should n't underestimate the fact that new zealand is much more similar to europe in a lot of ways , like political leaning , healthcare , social security etc. , than hawaii is . 
  things like these are reasons why they 'd prefer such a country over many places in the us . 
   did everyone who said new zealand just forget that hawaii exists i do n't think hawaii and new zealand are similar . 
  for one hawaii 's climate is very different . 
  new zealand 's warmest places have highest averages of about 24 degrees celsius in summer ( most of nz is quite a bit colder ) , with much lower temperatures throughout the rest of the year . 
  in hawaii the lowest average high in the whole year is 26 . 
  lol , alright whatever you say mate, 
   no , it 's not a formal theocracy . 
  but it functions much like one . 
  please elaborate then, 
  and the amount of people going to church has nothing to do with the form of government ( which is what a theocracy is ), 
  that does n't have anything to do with whether the usa is a theocracy or not, 
  i know there are a lot of loonies in the us , and there are a lot of things wrong with the government , but to call it a theocracy does n't really work, 
  my first thought is new zealand or japan . 
  new zealand is a beautiful country , seems to have its shit together , feels like a european country outside of europe , a mild climate and does n't have nature that constantly tries to kill you like australia . 
  it is however a bit sparsely populated and a ` new ' country , while i 'm a huge history nerd . 
  japan is modern but at the same time it oozes history , enough places to spend your whole life sightseeing , has everything from high snowy mountains to hot beautiful beaches , strong industry ( even though the population is ageing ) and a beautiful language . 
  their work habits and isolationism scare me away a bit though . 
  it 's a shame they both drive on the wrong side of the road, 
  edit : nevermind , i read it again , i see what you did there :'), 
  dammit now i 'm hungry, 
   edit : i 'm in ireland by the way ( in case the name did n't give it away ! ) . 
  flair up !, 
  okay , other italians have told me different , that 's why i said it , 
  [ so did we ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_the_netherlands ) !, 
  true , but i very often talk politics with my friends, 
  not in my experience . 
  i 'm in my early 20s , post-graduate and i know no one in real life who wants a truly federalised europe, 
  there are definitely federalists out there , quite a lot of them actually ( especially on reddit ) but they 're a minority in real life . 
  sure mate whatever you say . 
  i think sol and corona are pretty nice , but those are mexican so idk . 
  never had any beers from the usa though , only remember seeing budweiser in the supermarket once . 
  ah , you again ? 
  do n't feed the troll people, 
  yeah definitely , it 's the same here . 
  religion is something for private life . 
  since we got independence everyone could believe what they wanted , you could be a jew , a catholic , whatever , as long as you kept it to yourself and out of the public eye .
