  many of them did n't mingle with the other nationalities . 
  they always stick together when abroad , which i guess is logical when you 're so far away from your own country in a totally different culture . 
  i met some great chinese people and i have a lot of great dutch-chinese friends though . 
  their culture is fascinating , they 've got a lot of history , many different and diverse cultures within the country . 
  i do n't like the government , both domestic policy ( suppression of certain religions and cultures , for example ) and foreign policy ( expansive territorial claims and supporting regimes like north korea , for example ) . 
  tip : post the link in the text of the post instead of the title , makes it a lot easier for people to click on the link, 
  i 've never heard brittanni\u00eb used in the same way as britain . 
  it 's always groot-brittanni\u00eb , verenigd koninkrijk or engeland in my experience . 
  nah , there are a lot of dutchies who do n't like it when people call it holland instead of the netherlands . 
  i personally do n't care that much but that 's mostly because in many languages their word for the netherlands actually comes from holland , like ollandia in greek or oranda in japanese . 
  languages like those might have an equivalent for ` the netherlands ' but not many people know it , and a lot of the time the demonym that 's used is still derived from holland . 
  for example , italian has paessi bassi as an equivalent to ` the netherlands ' , but it still predominantly uses olandesi as the demonym . 
  i 'm also from the actual region of holland , so that makes me care even less , i guess . 
  many do n't really care , but many others do care quite a bit . 
  the funny thing is that the most common chants in football matches involve `` holland '' and less `` nederland '' , so that 's a bit hypocritical . 
  we even use holland for marketing of our tourist industry . 
  it 's catchier and more famous . 
  what can i do to make you ever forgive me ? 
  is this the part where i say `` now kith !, 
  even if the memes were easy ( i do n't know , have n't seen them ) i doubt many people here know much ( or anything at all ) about martin schulz , at which point from the outside it looks like ... just another circlejerk subreddit i guess ? 
  i did n't know this existed and my german sucks , so ... idk ? 
  in what way has the us acted untrustworthy to the extent that it warrants severing the close relationship europe and the usa have had for so long ? 
  also , declare independence from who ? 
  taken seriously by who ? 
  the eu has much more important things affecting its internal politics and image to worry about at the moment than you guys electing a loony . 
   probably would n't be up to eu standards good thing that you 're not in the eu then . 
  the fact is that with the institutions and processes that you americans created , he rightfully was elected as the president . 
  if your population truly thought these were undemocratic and cared at all then they should do something to change this . 
  the only time when you hear americans complain about their election system is when they do n't like the result it produces , like now . 
   i 'd hope most true europeans agree with me . 
  the last person with an american flair to talk about ` true europeans ' was a massive troll who asked this exact same question about sanctions against trump . 
  a european is an inhabitant of europe , not a political view . 
  every dutchman knows that feeling ... leave the house at an ungodly hour in the morning ? 
  headwind . 
  return home the opposite direction later in the day ? 
  headwind . 
  every , fucking , time . 
  also depends on where those dutch people are from of course . 
  the flemish have more in common with someone from noord-brabant than someone from groningen , for example . 
  \\ #firstworldproblems, 
  definitely . 
  i 'd like less of the dreary cloudy days , give me more sun . 
  a bit less rain wouldnt hurt either but it 's mainly the constant clouded white sky that depresses me . 
  i guess that 's somewhat the same as you . 
  also , i 'd like a some more warmer ( not extremely hot , the 25 degrees kind of warm ) days in summer and maybe a little more snow and ice in winter . 
  snow makes me happy , and ice so we can do our national sport , ice skating . 
  then you 've driven the wrong automatics, 
  funniest accent of dutch ? 
  belgians of course , 
  i 've always said je to my grandparents , my grandmother practically raised me and was more like a second mother , so i am very close with her . 
  i did call most teachers in elementary school juf or meester , yeah . 
  but after that i rarely ever used meneer/mevrouw or u. i was kinda surprised actually that it was n't the norm everywhere , so i asked my mother who attended the same high school as i did , and she says that even then ( 70s ) students primarily referred to their teachers with the first name . 
  back then the school was seen as pretty left-wing so that will probably have affected it , being more progressive and egalitarian . 
  nowadays it 's not really obviously left-wing anymore , but i suppose an informal culture like that still remained . 
  in the two universities i attended i primarily used first name too , unless the person was a non-western foreigner . 
  yeah it does . 
  good automatics are clever . 
  i find them a bit boring cause i just like shifting and revving through the gears myself , but the dsg in my parents ' car is great , no issues at all . 
  reliability differs between different automatic transmission systems of course . 
  dsg for example had issues 10 years ago but nowadays it 's very reliable . 
  i also would n't say that there 's that much unnecessary shifting , it 's not like the car is changing gears everytime you alter your throttle a bit . 
  it 's just immediate with drastic changes in throttle . 
  the usual reaction to higher throttle is n't to shift up a gear . 
  a car shifts up a gear when your throttle is constant or the car is at the rev limit . 
  when your revs are low and constant and you suddenly increase throttle the car shifts down , to be able to quickly deliver the higher power needed at higher revs . 
  yep , same here . 
  manual transmission was always the norm , but recently automatic transmission has been becoming more and more popular . 
  mostly for ease of use . 
  most people do n't feel one way or another about transmission . 
  they just care about what 's easiest and/or cheapest . 
  it 's mostly just car enthusiasts who ` like ' manual transmission . 
  for example , i like manual transmission because i think it 's more fun and it requires you to be more engaged with your driving . 
  i can understand your confusion . 
  it sounds aussie but something is ` off ' . 
  that said , there are probably a lot of individual aussie accents that sound different from the typical `` g'day mate '' accent we all know . 
  weird hybrid measurement systems , driving on the wrong side of the road , different power plugs than the rest of us , etc etc. 
  dammit britain ... 
  1.78 m , which i believe is 5 ' 10 '' . 
  i 'm a bit on the short side for dutch men , the average for men here is 1.84 m. 
  am i concerned with it ? 
  not really . 
  i know some shorter girls who are a bit concerned with their height , but even for them it 's not that big of an issue . 
  interesting . 
  most of my teachers in high school in the age range of 20-50 ( which was most of my teachers ) preferred to be called by their first name . 
  a lot of them did n't like it at all to be addressed so formally , they preferred a much more informal and less distant interaction . 
  you can also try asking over at / r/travel, 
  the same as any other head of state of an ally . 
  he 's the democratically elected president of the us , and we should treat him as such . 
  for the moment he has n't done anything yet and so we should n't treat him any differently than obama and bush before him . 
  yeah it 's a bit of a weird combination , but there 's a reason a lot of people call us cheeseheads . 
  dutch people just love cheese . 
  never tried peanut butter with cheese myself but i know some people who absolutely love it . 
  depends on the person and their preferences of course , but generally it 's informal here ( edit : in the schools i attended at least ) . 
  personally in high school and university i referred to most teachers with their first name , except for some older professors or people who would appreciate formality . 
  some people do combine peanut butter with jam ( not exactly the same as jelly but similar anyway ) , but it 's not nearly as popular as peanut butter/jelly sandwiches in the us . 
  some dutch people combine it with things like [ sambal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sambal ) , nutella , honey or even cheese . 
  generally though for something simple like school lunch ( cause normally dutch students bring their own lunch to school ) peanut butter is eaten on its own , in my experience . 
  not op , and not sure if you 're serious , but i 'll take a couple of these  2 why do all of you seem to dislike baggers in grocery store ? 
  dislike is maybe the wrong word , it 's just that we do n't expect something like that at a grocery store . 
  i 've never seen it before , and i had never even heard of the concept until i read about it on reddit .
