  the problem is stuff like cutting pensions and privatisations, 
  i think that greece has been pushing for a name with a geographical term like upper/north macedonia, 
  we should sue them !, 
  if there is anything i 've learned from this crisis , it is that even ` reliable ' sources like ft have no problem with spicing their stories up a bit . 
  things like common european immigration/asylum policies , more and closer cooperation with countries like turkey to try and catch smugglers . 
  and no we cant make all countries rich and peaceful . 
  however we too are to blame for the situation in countries like libya . 
  all the bad consequences of illegal immigration aside , this is a tragedy . 
  europe needs to tackle this problem quickly, 
  our highest point is 322.7 meters ... 
  it 's sad, 
  yup its not that difficult . 
  person with a boat gets people to pay him to smuggle them , fills boat with people , sails into greek/italian/spanish waters , abandons boat , boat gets rescued by european coast guard and people have migrated to europe . 
  edit : ofcourse this does not always end well, 
  * goes around the room with a plate of small blocks of cheese and mustard *, 
  happy cake day !, 
  i remember that , as a kid , driving up to the tripoint between the netherlands , belgium and germany felt really special as it 's on top of a hill , close to the highest point ( 322m ) of the netherlands . 
  we do not have many hills in the netherlands , so you got the feeling that this was something special . 
  in the end it 's just a few flags and a lot of people taking the `` look i 'm in three countries at once '' pictures . 
  i do n't think that the people in power ever cared about what is best for greece . 
  in the beginning it was about preventing a domino effect throughout the rest of the eurozone , not about any kind of european solidarity . 
  and as you say , now it 's all about looking tough and not losing the next elections , sadly, 
  you 're right , but as i replied to someone else , i do n't think that this post would have been much more popular if it was shorter either . 
  shorter stuff in this spirit ( written by economists for example ) is never really popular , not even stuff that you read through in a few minutes . 
  but on the other hand we get the same sensationalist headlines with hundreds of upvotes everyday . 
  anyway , i feel that i 'm starting to repeat myself, 
  it 's not so much about the length , as it is about the spirit of this content . 
  i doubt that a shorter version of this would have been any more popular . 
  i would n't say that they 're completely irrelevant , as politicians inevitably will have to be elected by those people . 
  imo a large problem in this crisis has been that politicians are trying not to lose face ( and thus lose their next elections ) , or trying to please their voters with other actions . 
  and that 's exactly the problem . 
  most people will form opinions based on popular media like reddit , so stuff like this will never get heard . 
  ofcourse an hour-long video is too long for reddit , i know that . 
  on the other hand posts about war reparations and hugging with russia will get upvoted to heaven . 
  it 's the tabloid phenomenon . 
  headlines , headlines , headlines . 
  it 's sad that posts like these will not be nearly as popular as they should be . 
  as someone who is half-dutch half-greek i used to always think that i was a good example of ` the future european ' , but the last few years have certainly made me question that . 
  i do n't care about the politics , i care and i 'm worried about the hatred that is developing between the peoples of europe . 
  only after some training , as neither the \u03b8 sound in ` thing ' nor the soft ` the ' sound are sounds native to the dutch language . 
  most dutchies that speak english on a regular basis , either for work or for their studies , do learn to do the th sound . 
  for example , my university course is entirely in english and pretty much all of the dutch students there are able to do the th sounds . 
  for people that do not use english that often however ( also most older people ) , the sound either becomes a t or s in words like ` thing ' and a d in words like ` the ' . 
  it depends ofcourse , a moderate accent can sound somewhat like [ our king ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na6cm3s3ws8 ) . 
  definitely noticeable but nothing irritating . 
  now , for the heavy accents , i have to mention manchester united manager [ louis van gaal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2duvpmyzi1q ) . 
  his dunglish ( dutch + english ) makes every press conference he does very entertaining . 
  [ bill bailey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu9crxty5lk ) is the only foreigner that i 've heard doing a dutch accent accurately . 
  great weather , amazing beaches , great culture and beautiful historic places ? 
  im ok with this . 
  very difficult to make both correct tweets and tweets that please the company in these cases, 
  as far as i know he has not confirmed that there are no survivors , but he said that it was very likely, 
  it sounds a bit archaic , and that 's why you wo n't hear it very often in speech , except for when it 's used in this kind of formal title . 
  people just use ` van de ' instead of ` der ' . 
  what 's interesting is that , according to the dutch wikipedia , the red-white-blue is older than the prince 's flag . 
  it was called the `` hollandsche vlag '' , or hollandic flag , with the colours coming from the coat of arms of the then bavarian counts of holland ( 14th-15th century ) . 
  red from the coat of arms of the county holland , and blue and white from the coat of arms of bavaria . 
  it is also said that the change back from orange to red had to do with the conflict between the orangists ( supporters of the prince of orange ) , and the statists . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlag_van_nederland ) to the dutch wikipedia page for those interested, 
  [ they do !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cycling_in_denmark ), 
  i 've installed alientube , which replaces the youtube comments with reddit comments for this exact reason . 
  youtube comments on this kind of video make me lose faith in humanity . 
  not that reddit comments are always great , but hey , the lesser evil ... 
  you 're shifting away from the topic . 
  you are going from `` german media never insulted the greeks '' to `` german tabloids insulted them but they did it worse to us '' . 
  i never said that the two were the same . 
  the only thing i said is that they were both insults . 
  and if you wan na know , i think it 's very wrong to compare anyone with a `` genociding raving nazi '' as you put it . 
  i 'm not interested in this kind of `` but they did it worse '' conversation . 
  an insult is an insult , regardless of who it came from . 
  german tabloids and greek tabloids are both in the wrong . 
  i assume that you 're talking about [ this headline ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/imageroot/2015/02/bild%20greece%20large_1.jpg ) . 
  right under the `` nein ! '', 
  calling greeks greedy is an insult if you ask me . 
  edit : i see that / u/eidepfl posted the same picture, 
  oh come on , do n't be ridiculous . 
  media like bild have been insulting greeks on a regular basis, 
  no strong positive or negative feelings . 
  most germans i met were nice people . 
  i have respect for the industrial success of the country . 
  however , something that i strongly dislike and something that i encounter in the netherlands too is the blind bild rhetoric ( replace bild with de telegraaf for the dutch ) that some germans follow when it comes to politics . 
  edit : almost forgot : stop digging holes in our beaches !!!, 
  there are a lot of things greece does wrong , but the average greek retires at about 62 years old ( 61.9 in 2012 according to the oecd ) , which is about the same as the average german ( 62.1 in 2012 ) or the average finn ( 61.8 in 2012 ) . 
  firefighters/military etc may have a lower retirement age , but are in no way representative for the rest of the population . 
  the myth about most greeks retiring on their 55th has been bugging me ever since the beginning of the crisis . 
  those damned finns beat us again ? 
  if i remember correctly this year is the first year in like 200 years that this tradition is n't upheld , so i think you 're thinking of something else . 
  for some people the words ` greek ' and ` syrians ' are probably enough i 'm afraid, 
  the interview was in greek . 
  i would like to verify that it 's a translation error but the video is english dubbed so i ca n't make out what he says in greek for that part . 
  i 'd bet on a translation error . 
  edit : now that i listen to it again , i do n't think he says anything close to something like `` exploiting '' i think he just says : `` we gave a breath ( of fresh air ) to the greek economy with the eu national strategic reference framework '', 
  ah in that context the only one left would maybe be germany, 
  spain beat you in lille last year, 
  i 'm speechless . 
  if these countries were indeed banned and in turn made their own tournament it would be much much much more interesting than fiba 's own eurobasket . 
  as a fan i sure as hell would rather watch the tournament with greece , spain , lithuania , italy and serbia in it . 
  honestly my favourite part of the whole css . 
  simply beautiful,
