  jokes about the belgians , the thing the dutch and the french can bond over . 
  another one : why was n't jesus born in belgium ? 
  they could n't find three wise men . 
  not that big of a deal unless they assume that we are all the same over here . 
  europeans often do the same for africa and asia, 
  that 's cool , does it have mutual intelligibility with some places outside of falkirk or is it too divergent ? 
  yeah i 'm afraid that 's always a problem with stuff like that . 
  i remember when i was in edinburgh that the scots i saw in historic places always looked to me as an outsider like english with some dutch and scandinavian features ( which i suppose would make some sense ) . 
  focurc is a dialect from falkirk right ? 
  awesome that you speak it fluently . 
  much much more difficult to understand though than opening a wikipedia page in scots though , that 's for sure !, 
  i see , the ap system sounds really interesting . 
  i looked it up and there are some cool courses like computer science and japanese , i wish i had the option to take those in high school . 
  to be fair you can find those types of videos here too . 
  i remember not too long ago i watched such a video where they asked people on which continent suriname ( former dutch colony in south america , we have a big surinamese-dutch community here ) is , and people even thought it was in europe . 
  awesome , thanks for that overview of what you learned , really interesting !, 
  in the later years , did you have to choose the aps in order to get history classes ? 
  as in , were there no compulsory history classes ? 
  we did n't really have compulsory history classes after about 15 years old , it depended on the subject profile we took . 
  being uninformed is not a bad thing . 
  thinking that you 're superior , when you do n't know what the situation is in other countries however , is . 
  americans are patriotic , and while patriotism is also not a bad thing in itself , it can lead some ( not all ) to blindly believe that they are indeed the centre of the world , a superior nation , and thus the standard that everyone should be compared to . 
  i 've seen americans ask `` why do europeans speak their own languages ? 
  why do n't they just switch to english , like the usa ? 
  '' , which shows both uninformedness and americentrism . 
  learning about other countries can start in education , where , as i understand it from the stories i 've heard , history lessons are currently mostly focused on american history , instead of world history like in many other countries . 
  i 'll reiterate that most americans will probably never have to deal with a foreigner ( except for an immigrant or a tourist ) ever in their life , so the only thing that you can ask for is that people try and understand that there are other countries out there , with their own history , their own languages , their own cultures and their own norms , and that there is no centre of the world . 
  i think that reddit is a great place for people to learn about other countries and interact with foreigners , but too often it devolves into general shit flinging between people who ( for various reasons ) think america is the greatest thing to grace the earth and people who , in reaction to this and international politics , have this blind hate of america without ever even having met an american . 
  australia and new zealand are further away from europe than the usa , i did n't mention proximity to europe as a factor . 
  the most important factor for me is population size , which , in combination with the isolation of the usa results in its own industries , most importantly for stuff like entertainment . 
  things like movie , music and games industries are so huge that the usa would never have to import anything to keep itself entertained . 
  all this results in less exposure to other countries , which in turn results in americans in general being less knowledgeable , for example . 
  also imo americans do not only * feel * that they do n't have to know or learn about europe as much , i think that , purely in terms of living their life , most of them legitimately do n't have to , just like people used to not have to leave their village ever in their life in the past . 
  everything they needed was in the village . 
  the usa is self-sufficient in most ways , and before the world wars had a history of isolationism , which is different from my own country for example . 
  my country is outward looking because it has always been hugely dependent on trade . 
  the average american will almost never have to deal with someone from outside the usa in his life , except for the random tourist , or in business when you 're in charge of a subsidiary elsewhere . 
  the average american will also almost never see a foreign movie apart from , say , british movies like harry potter or bridget jones . 
  written scots is easy to understand , but when spoken like in this video it might as well be russian . 
  electric hobs are awful indeed . 
  so slow and many of my roommates would completely forget they were on when they finished cooking , cause the only indicator whether it was on was the knob . 
  honestly there are very few dutch people today who think you 're our rival . 
  i know no one in real life who thinks this , and it 's only really a historic notion , on the contrary , the dutch are quite anglophile . 
  germany is definitely our rival , it 's mutual , and mostly because of football this rivalry has been kept alive . 
  in the netherlands i 've heard chants against the germans in places where there was no german to be seen . 
   i 'm not in any way disagreeing , simply would like to know , because personally i think you 'd find quite similar results in all of the non-european english speaking countries in my experience the average aussie and new-zealander knows more about the world outside them than the average american . 
  the unique thing about the usa is that it 's so huge in terms of both size ( you 'll be travelling months and still not exit the country ) and population ( huge amount of pop culture , tv , etc ) that most of its citizens hardly ever even need to think about other countries in their lives , whereas this is n't the case for other , smaller anglo countries . 
  another difference is that most non-european anglo countries other than the usa still maintain ties with the uk ( and thus europe ) through the commonwealth . 
  there are ignorant people in every country in the world , but in my experience the average american knows less about the world outside of america than for example the average new zealander or an aussie . 
  our teacher made sure that we knew exactly what type of english we were supposed to be speaking in her anglophile opinion . 
  we had some pretty fun accents in our year . 
  one guy would do his best impression of a chav accent during speaking exercises for shits and giggles , another guy would do a general irish accent cause he liked ireland better . 
  they are a country that 's part of the uk in the same way that the netherlands , curacao , aruba and st maarten are separate countries within the kingdom of the netherlands , and in the way the faroe islands , greenland and denmark are part of the danish kingdom . 
  we do not call those provinces in the netherlands . 
  scotland is not a province though , it 's a country, 
  you 're right , frisian is even closer, 
  i guess it helps that dutch is ( edit : almost ) the closest language to english , but in my experience , for every dutch person with a nice accent there are 10 louis van gaals ( if you 're not a footy fan look him up , ex-man utd manager ) out there . 
  :') i had an older teacher who was a huge anglophile , and she had this amazing ( also amazingly fake ) rp accent . 
  ever since she heard that i liked the look of british spelling better she thought she had found an anglophile apprentice , and she 'd constantly be trying to get me to speak full-on rp . 
  they taught us british english spelling and vocabulary . 
  i seem to remember though that at one point in high school we could choose either british or american english for our writing and speaking , as long as we stuck with one of them . 
  i always stuck ( and still do ) with british spelling , i preferred the way it looked . 
  edit : i do n't really have an rp/english accent though while speaking , my accent is a mixture between dutch and american ( which comes rather naturally ) . 
  rp is a pain in the arse to get right ... 
  where would the dutch and english be without indonesian and indian food respectively, 
  it 's an austin powers goldmember quote that gets brought up on reddit almost every time the dutch are mentioned . 
  the annoying thing is that goldmember was supposed to be dutch , but there was absolutely nothing dutch about him in that movie . 
  he could have been from any other random country , and it seems the netherlands was only chosen because they needed a smaller country that the viewers had heard of but did n't really know much about . 
  oh wow i did n't even realise , that 's just too funny, 
  tbh i 'm impressed that he knew the dutch cheese-eater stereotype , at least he got that part of `` cheese eating surrender monkey faggot '' right , got ta give him that :'), 
  if you 're gon na troll then at least make an effort to be funny edit : ah i see [ we 're trolling people with pms now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/evpoeoh.png ) ? 
  with a username like yours i do n't know what i expected . 
  well , we fought a lot of [ wars ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-dutch_wars ) against you guys , there was rivalry as two of the biggest colonial powers in the world . 
  it 's the reason that the english language has many negative idioms about the dutch ( like dutch courage , a dutch uncle , a dutch agreement , etc ) . 
  probably germany , which started because of wwii . 
  nowadays most people do n't really care anymore , but especially in the first decades after wwii dutch people held a grudge against germans . 
  this is also apparent in the football games between the two countries ( probably one of the biggest football rivalries in europe ) , which used to be very heated , and where a dutch player spit at a german , and another wiped his ass with a german jersey , to give some examples . 
  nowadays though that real wwii hate is not really there anymore and it 's more just a traditional , even friendly rivalry . 
  another one is belgium , which is more like a rivalry amongst brothers ( same language , used to be part of the same state , etc ) . 
  we joke about them being a bit thick and they joke about us being greedy , like :  how did copper wire get invented ? 
  two dutch people found the same penny . 
  oh and finland , because those pesky finns beat us in all kinds of wellfare/sustainability/etc rankings . 
  yeah well , when you think about it there 's a certain logic behind it . 
  they tolerate people bringing a few pills for themselves , but they do not tolerate people bringing bigger quantities ( which are often brought for the purpose of being sold ) . 
  if they 'd crack down on everyone , they 'd make people dependent on a few sellers who succeed in smuggling them in , making it more dangerous for the buyer ( chance of bad pills ) . 
  when the festivals tolerate visitors bringing a few pills of their own , those visitors have the chance to have the pills tested at a test centre ( you wo n't be prosecuted or reported for that ) before they visit the event , ensuring that the pills are not dangerous . 
  mdma use is prevalent within certain rave/gabber cultures here ( and has been for quite a while ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if supply develops where demand is . 
  no experience with it myself though . 
  i know many festivals basically tolerate their visitors bringing a few pills for personal use . 
  still too much !!, 
  it 's true , yeah . 
  the government tried to introduce a weed-pass , which would restrict weed selling to only people with such a pass . 
  some municipalities protested however ( notably amsterdam ) , saying that it would increase the illegal drug trade on the streets . 
  instead of the weed-pass , starting in the southern provinces of the netherlands , municipalities are allowed to force their coffee shops to not sell to foreign nationals . 
  one of the things that i remember most from france is when a french girl asked me ( a tourist ) for directions . 
  i was kind of surprised and in my best french i started `` je ne parle pas francais '' and then i tried to give the directions she was looking for ( ici a droit , a gauche , etc ) in my broken french , and instead of giving me a smile , a nod or a `` merci '' i got the worst death stare i ever had and she just walked away ... edit : this was in paris though , parisians do n't really have that good of a reputation it varies hugely though , i 've had many other encounters were they were happy to hear me speak french and corrected me in a friendly manner . 
  well yeah , there are coffee shops in amsterdam and in other cities were weed is sold , and as someone who lives close to amsterdam i would n't even notice the smell of weed anymore in the city because i 'm used smelling it , but it 's mostly tourists who go there and smoke it . 
  well , i guess the main one is that we 're not potheads . 
  even though cannabis is condoned here , annual prevalence of cannabis usage is less here than it is in the usa , spain , new zealand , israel , france , uk and italy , for example .
