not french but am a rugby fan and i 'm fairly sure that the french rugby heartland is in the south of the country . 
  in the top 14 the only two clubs in the north of the country are stade francais and racing metro which are both in paris . 
  in ireland we use quid aswell . 
  one i 've heard used on a small scale every once in awhile over here is `` beans '' . 
  `` how much were the runners ? '', 
  ahhhh the chicken fillet roll ca n't bate that, 
  fucking savage pints of stout, 
  3 ireland pre pay : $ 20 phone credit gets you 1 . 
  unlimited 4g data . 
  unlimited calls and texts to anyone else on the three network . 
  these benefits last for 28 days . 
  after 28 days all phone usage starts to come out of your phone credit . 
  things not included in your deal like calls to other networks come out of your credit also . 
  tethering i think is against the terms of service but last time i used it , it worked and no extra charges were applied i do n't think they care too much about tethering . 
  in ireland there 's not much street food . 
  the closest thing that i can think of are chipper vans . 
  they are vans that sell the usual thing you 'd find in a chipper ... chips , burgers , fish , battered sausages etc. 
  you usually only find them on match days like at intercounty hurling and gaelic football matches professional rugby matches and i 'm sure you 'd find them at a league of ireland soccer match but i 've actually never been to one so i could n't tell you . 
  image : https://www.google.ie/search?q=chipper+van+ireland&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en&amp;prmd=inmv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjnsfps2uxuahvenrokhctiavoq_auicsgb&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=559#imgrc=kpzdnxbdknqoam:, 
  pretty much everyone in ireland has been to spain on holidays at one point . 
  i do n't actually personally know of anyone who has n't been to spain . 
  i really like irish rail think they 're one of the better crowds in ireland, 
  in ireland we say taytos instead of crisps after the popular brand of crisps . 
  in my part of ireland most popular would be `` kid '' `` cuz '' and `` sham '' . 
  all can be used in the same way . 
  `` story sham ? '', 
  = how 's it going ? 
  very common . 
  they 'd be used to cook chips ( fries ) mainly . 
  of course !, 
  i 'd like to see rugby get more popular in europe in general it 's already pretty popular here in ireland but i 'd love for top level rugby to be in europe outside of just u.k. , ireland france and italy . 
  i 'd love to see countries like georgia and romania get another push aswell . 
  does n't cost anything to get bbc . 
  we have our own tv licence which works roughly the same way as over in the u.k. 
  i think . 
  it costs us $ 160 . 
  it mainly funds rte\u0301 our version of the bbc . 
  i think a small percentage of the fund goes towards other things like tg4 which is an language channel similar to s4c in wales . 
  does scotland have a channel like that ? 
  so far usa is the only place i 've been to outside of europe . 
  oh and i had a connection flight in canada but i do n't count it only there for an hour or two . 
  nope every school in the country goes on holidays within one or two days of each other so the holidays are basically the same . 
  july and august for primary schools june , july and august for secondary schools ( unless you 're in third or sixth year then you 'll be doing the junior certificate or leaving certificate during the month of june . ), 
  british / s, 
  in my school in ireland our sixth years graduate tomorrow they are now done normal school . 
  they will be a bit of a ceremony and a small mass tomorrow night and a few awards will be handed out . 
  then they go down to the local pub and have a few pints ( with the teachers . ), 
  then the students head into town to go to a nightclub and the teachers go home . 
  they will then be preparing for the final state exam called the leaving certificate . 
  this begins on the 6th of june and last for 2 or 3 weeks . 
  when they are done there will be an end of exam night in town where all the students will go to the nightclubs . 
  the school has no involvement at all here there 's no ceremony or anything at the end of the exams you just do your exam and your out the door . 
  then there 'll be a results day in august where the students all come back to the school at i think 9 am to collect their results . 
  again no big deal made you just go in collect your results , go home and most likely never go back to the school again . 
  again the students will all go out drinking that night . 
  either celebrity their results or drowning their sorrows . 
  so this really is the last week of normal school for sixth year students and this is when the biggest fuss is made about them and they graduate even though they 'll be back to school soon to do the state exams . 
  their was also a lot of school traditions carried out in the last week like climbing croagh patrick and the teachers vs students soccer game . 
  edit : forgot to mention they go on a sixth year holiday which they organise themselves after the leaving cert exam . 
  this year sixth years are going to santa ponza which is a very popular destination for sixth year holidays . 
  looks like a great tour enjoy, 
  they tend to be the strictest for asking and checking id . 
  they 're big stores and the risk of getting in trouble for selling to underage drinkers is n't worth the ten or twenty euro they might get off them . 
  they 're all well known for checking id of people in their twentys . 
  they also tend to be picky on what forms of id are acceptable for them and might have issue with an america id that 's not familiar with them . 
  i 've always had better luck with off licences . 
  do you mind me asking where abouts in ireland you 're heading to ? 
  nope absolutely no scanners at all . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  do n't even know if our drivers licences have the ability to be scanned . 
  if you get served in america with your fake you 'll definitely get served in ireland . 
  we do n't scan cards over here . 
  you should be fine in off licences . 
  stay away from the big super markets , smaller off licences are usually the best bet . 
  pubs you should be fine with your id even better if you 're going with other friends who are actually 18 . 
  night clubs are generally stricter . 
  although if you 're id is good i 'd say it 's worth a shot . 
  when you 're going to the nightclub bring along bank cards with the same name as id if you can . 
  try and get other cards with your id name and date of birth on them too even if they 're not photo id . 
  if you can made a convincing looking library card with matching name and date of birth that would go along way to getting you in . 
  last thing if you get refused somewhere just forget about it leave and go to the next place . 
  some places are more strict than others and you 'll always find somewhere willing to serve you . 
  those cemeteries in estonia look much nicer than the ones we have here . 
  the graveyards over here are typically just a field with graves in it . 
  would i be right in saying that in the uk funerals do n't happen as soon as they do in ireland ? 
  it would n't be unusual for a funeral to happen 2 or 3 days after the death of someone over here . 
  i absolutely love milk . 
  have it in a bowl with my weetabix in the morning . 
  have a glass of milk ( ~ 200ml ) to wash down my breakfast . 
  go to school and take a 2l bottle of water with me . 
  when i come home from school i 'll have a pint of milk . 
  i 'll have 2 pints at dinner time and another pint sometime after dinner before i go to bed . 
  milk is my go to drink when i 'm thirsty . 
  if i 'm out and about and i want a drink i 'll often go to a super market and get a pint of milk . 
  overall , adding all that milk up i consume about 2.5 l a day . 
  primary school holidays are the months of july and august . 
  secondary schools holidays are june july and august . 
  if a student is doing a state exam ( junior cert or leaving cert ) in 3rd and 6th year , those exams take place during june when everyone else in the school is on holidays . 
  in ireland nearly every pub in the country has at least guinness , heineken and budweiser on tap . 
  the other beers on tap can vary but beers like coors light , smithwicks and carlsberg would be common .
