well , we 're down to 10 % in most regions , but it took really long . 
  and the numbers we 're extremely bad thoughout the 90ies and 2000s . 
  around 4 million east germans actually left for western germany ( you might call them economic refugees ) . 
  of course the municipalties need more money , but that 's not a new problem . 
  the state itself is doing very well right now , we just need to change the way taxes are spread , so the municipalities get more and the state gets less . 
  we also have lots of nazis here , who spend their days getting drunk and setting buildings on fire/attacking people . 
  these assholes are n't contributing much to our economy as well , since they 're usually to stupid to get a decent job . 
  i accept that it will be difficult to integrate all refugees properly , but i wo n't hold them against higher standards than i do with germans themselves . 
   after germanys welfare system is plundered and you will suffer like greece from a debt crisis due to the refugees we have dealt with 25-30 % unemployment in eastern germany for 20 years and we got over that . 
  our welfare system was n't `` plundered '' back then and it wo n't be now . 
   economic migration ... especially the syrian refugees , coming here for economic reasons ... apart from that - we have jew-hating nazis here ( quite a number ) , and we deal with them . 
  we will also deal with anyone else who hates people based on their beliefs . 
   muslims are flooding ... destroying europe ... suicidal liberalism and the stupid democracy . 
  he obviously lost his marbles . 
  with his background he really should have more understanding for refugees . 
  the city in which he almost died - in a concentration camp - is now taking care of refugees from war-torn countries . 
  if he wo n't see this as an betterment , he has lost his mind and heart . 
  what a pity , he was a great writer . 
  eastern germany had 25 to 30 % unemployment in the 90ies . 
  we 're much better now , with quite a lot of help from the eu . 
  it 's just another problem the eu needs to solve . 
  this pretty much describes my feelings for russia ever since putin took office . 
  but i 'm losing hope as the years go by . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  10 years of russian in school and i still could not have translated this without massive help . 
  ^ it ^ really ^ pisses ^ me ^ off . 
  does anyone really think that being all alone in this fucked up world is better that being a member of somewhat crazy , but caring , family ? 
  germany wanted to send xavier naidoo , a pseudo-religious conspiracy theorist ... who writes the worst lyrics . 
  we hardly avoided that , but last place is probably reserved for us again . 
  but the music is n't good enough to be the sole purpose of the contest . 
  it 's only fun when you mix a shitty song with a weird presentation and some well-kept bias against the presenting country . 
  it 's ok to trash talk about the brits for the duration of their song . 
  after those 3 minutes we go back to being nice and civil with each other for the rest of the year ( unless there 's a football match against england ... ) . 
  in southern germany this kind of thinking is still very prevalent . 
  in eastern germany people are completely the opposite . 
  try telling an east germany woman that she should give up work for her kids - that wo n't go over well . 
  you 're right , the teachers do n't raise you . 
  they teach you . 
  even if you go to kindergarten full time - your parents teach morals , not the teachers . 
  being with other kids , learning and playing all day - why would a kid hate that ? 
  i loved going to childcare , everyone my age went to kindergarten and i could not name one person who hated it . 
  you seem to forget that children learn a lot in childcare . 
  teachers here are trained , kids learn and play all day long . 
  and most important : kids learn how deal with others , important social behaviour . 
  surveys show that kids who did not attend kindergarten lack many skills , for example : social skills as well as language skills or the ability to dress themselves . 
  a relative of mine is a teacher at a primary school , she totally confirms those findings . 
  true . 
  that and [ nougat ] ( http://www.viba-sweets.de/typo3temp/pics/87369eb131.jpg ) . 
  and homemade cake . 
  you can have children and a career in germany . 
  of course it 's easier in eastern germany , were childcare is almost perfectly organised . 
  in southern germany : tough luck finding a place kinderkrippe or kindergarten . 
  from my ( very personal ) observation : it 's a mixture of difficult job-situation ( short-term employments , high mobility , shitty pay ) and a desire for maximal freedom for people in their 20ies . 
  especially men really want to wait until they are 40 before having kids . 
  and you need to have the right partner to have kids , which in itself is a difficult topic ( so many singles out there ) . 
  so people wait and wait and some day it 's too late . 
  nope , it 's been that way as long as i can remember ( which is the 90ies ) . 
  depending on your income , the number of children you have and the region you live in , you 'll pay between 300 $ and 800 $ ( roughly , those are prices i know from family and friends ) . 
  also : it sucks to be a working mum in southern germany , were people are still very traditional . 
  in eastern germany it 's standard procedure to get back to work after a one year break . 
  no problems here , we have a decent number of childcare facilities . 
  nice try . 
  we spent a good part of the early 90ies learning about all those weird new fruits . 
  such fun !, 
  your grandma is washing the plastic bags , drying them out and reusing them , is n't she ? 
  took my grandma 15 years to stop doing this . 
  and the air pollution those cars caused !, 
  nowadays our air is clean , we do n't even think about it any more . 
  but back then i would get sick on my way to school , because of all those dirty , dirty cars . 
  let me tell you that most of the east german/east european sweets were shitty . 
  if your country can not afford to buy good ingredients on international markets , your chocolate will have a weird fucking taste . 
  there was east german bubble gum . 
  it literally fell apart after circa 5 minutes of chewing . 
  it was disgusting , we tried to avoid it . 
  we had bananas in the gdr , just not regularly . 
  you could easily tell if bananas were sold - because of the long queue . 
  and because of that my mum would give each of us kids half a banana to eat . 
  so they would last longer . 
  country : germany favourite neighbour : the one with the good food ( all ) least favourite neighbour : the one with the bad food ( none comes to mind ), 
  i 'm german , several distant relatives of mine are farmers . 
  it 's quite a struggle , even with subsidies . 
  huge farming corporations are doing well , partly because they manage to suck off a huge amount of eu subsidies . 
  for small farmers getting the subsidies means lots of paperwork , and i mean a lot , really . 
  the prices for milk , wheat and so on are very low ( supermarkets are constantly undercutting each other ) . 
  farming equipment is expensive , bad weather during the season will destroy your crops , as will any nasty disease , eu regulations are very strict , the working hours are horrible - and what 's left for you at the end of month is very little . 
  it takes a lot of idealism nowadays to become a farmer , i would n't recommend it . 
  as a german i tend to think of germans as horrible drivers . 
  until i go abroad . 
  we 're actually quite decent . 
  of course the swiss and swedish have even better manners on the road , they are much more relaxed . 
  i 'm hoping to spend a holiday in poland soon . 
  i guess i 'll reconsider traveling by car . 
  as a german in italy i had enough heart attacks this summer . 
  i wish you were right . 
  but there are fucking idiots out there who side with russia . 
  i once argued with a dude who saw no problem in the invasion of the crimea . 
  but of course i live in east germany , where we have a fine collection of idiots of all political colours . 
  cooked blood sausage . 
  yeah , i know ... 
  i 'm not the biggest fan of croissants , but even the worst croissant is way better than the `` best '' english breakfast ( oxymoron , i know ) .
