  this really pushed people over the brink , the church was losing members in record numbers . 
  say what you want about rb , but their fans are much better behaved than those of dynamo dresden or halle . 
  i have zero passion for rb , but also a passionate hatred for `` fans '' that kill people . 
  nope , because someone who you consider a `` muslim '' or `` christian '' might not consider himself a religious person at all . 
  remember how many links there were to a much bigger crime ? 
  remember how many journalists reporting on these topics died ? 
  remember how so much of dutroux ' story is still unclear ? 
  but one rape done by immigrants throws you off the bridge ? 
  you are absolutely irrational . 
  rape wo n't dissappear if you throw out all immigrants . 
  rape has always been there . 
  crime does not skyrocket . 
  woman are not raped more than usual . 
  culture is not erased . 
  no one is afraid to speak out , not even racists like you . 
  no one is a fool . 
  you probably get your news from facebook . 
  i am german and i can tell you : everything is fine . 
  we 're dealing with humans here , and we 're doing just fine . 
  syrians and iraqis are not 100 % religious muslims . 
  they have other minorities , many of which were amongst the first to flee . 
  so not every syrian refugee is a muslim . 
  dark blue is where reformation started . 
  because of brexit many british jews with german ancestry are applying for german passports . 
  so we might increase those numbers soon , 
  i 'm pretty sure there are dozens !, 
  some german states have more holidays than others ( ... the catholic ones , especially bavaria ) . 
  in protestant states there are no catholic holidays . 
  as far as i know a catholic in a protestant state still has the right to take `` his '' holidays , but no one ever does that . 
  because it would be weird to take 5 extra days off whilst your colleagues go to work . 
  you pay church tax because of one holiday ? 
  pfff , i 'd rather have all my money in exchange for a few weird holidays . 
  as a female ossi : living in the absence of religion is amazing . 
  most socialist countries had strong anti-religious policies , but most of them reclaimed religion after 1990 . 
  ossis are an exception . 
  there 's not much clue as to why this is , but one theory is that protestantism created a very critical mindset which ultimately lead to atheism in ossis . 
  interesting theory , even though i 'm not fully convinced . 
  more atheists than catholics or protestants . 
  so i think we won ... 
  funny , since i know so many germans who are `` christians '' in theory , but they never pray or go to church . 
  in order to be a follower of a religion you have to practice a religion . 
  this goes for muslims as well . 
  you consider children scary ? 
  i smell a nazi . 
  exactly . 
  immigrants enter a society at the `` bottom '' . 
  the `` bottom '' of every society has high crime numbers . 
  so in order to reduce crime , you have to increase social mobility . 
  help those people at the bottom , immigrants and natives , to climb up the social ladder - crime drops , problem solved . 
  that little belgian town you live in has a lot of crime commited by belgians : theft , abuse , rape ... but the only crime you notice is this one rape . 
  do you really think that all though your childhood nothing bad happened in your town ? 
  your perception of reality is flawed . 
  because no one talks about that one belgian who abuses his own family , but everyone talks about that foreigner who rapes a girl . 
  there are endless numbers of villages and small towns in europe without a single immigrant , but all of them have crime !, 
  we also burn a large part of our perfectly reccyled garbage here in germany ( in my region it 's half of all waste ) . 
  not sure if this was taken into account when creating this graph . 
  i hate to upvote , but ... well done . 
  well , germany tends to send its worst ( \u00d6ttinger ) to brussels , lets hope other countries do n't do the same . 
  i do n't think she personally is corrupt . 
  but having the same people in office creates structures within government and administration that become to `` used '' to power . 
  it can make corruption easier . 
  gauck has charisma , k\u00f6hler seemed like a thin-skinned personality from the beginning . 
  anyway , let 's see what the next one offers . 
  why do n't you come over here ? 
  german is n't that hard to learn ... ( h\u00fcstel h\u00fcstel ), 
  ramelow is an asshole . 
  and as long as this party does n't deal honestly with it 's own history ( sed ) and put the sed-millions on the table they can go fuck themselves . 
  when the fdp dropped out of most regional parliaments i laughed my ass off . 
  now they get back in and i 'm like : `` well done , guys !, 
  as you might know from us politics : in times of international crisis people tend to vote for the ruling candidate ( unless he manages to fail horribly ) . 
  right now merkel is a well-established international negotiator with the patience of a saint . 
  she is `` without alternative '' because in these crazy times she has 12 years of experience in foreign policy and none of her opponents has . 
  same here . 
  for internal policy i might imagine alternatives . 
  but for all those international horrors there can only be one . 
  unfortunately not . 
  there should be . 
  k\u00f6hler was a joke . 
  i 'd prefer a limit of 8 years , though . 
  anything longer than that gives democracy a nasty taste . 
  it 's not like there is anyone else to do the job . 
  shit happens , everyone turns to germany and says : `` you do something '' . 
  i 'd rather share responsibilities , but with whom ? 
  sarkozy wo n't change the eu either . 
  as much as i want the eu to improve , i just do n't see how we can pull this off right now . 
  to much shit going on ... we 'll have to make little changes here and there . 
  if you actually read the statistics , this would be the end of discussion . 
  but naturally you prefer bullshitting over facts . 
  `` replacing '' , seriously ? 
  that means taking germans out and bringing foreigners in - were exactly is she sending all those replaced germans ? 
  last i checked i 'm still here and so is everyone else . 
  but if you want to leave , i would n't mind to meet your replacement ... 
  i heard hungary is now the holy land for germans afraid of refugees , why not go there ? 
  yupp , our economy needs immigrants . 
  which is not the reason syrians came here , but we can work with them . 
  `` praising '' the refugee crisis ist stupid , but we might as well make the best out of this situation . 
  there is no `` fake '' humanitarianism . 
  many people actually feel for refugees . 
  just because you ca n't feel compassion , does n't mean others ca n't . 
  as i said before : you start with multiculturalism and end with integrated immigrants .
