  he inherited a dictatorship because in a democracy his family would not rule . 
  the majority of syrians were against him , even before the revolution . 
  because he is not part of the majority . 
  get your facts straight . 
  right , we can not ever criticize russia because other countries do bad things as well . 
  let 's just hush up and let putin fuck up the world . 
  nice plan you have there . 
  it 's not working . 
  if putin wanted to help syrians we could achieve a lot . 
  instead he chooses to attack hospitals . 
  you 're supporting a cleptocratic dictator who kills his opponents , invades his neighbours and fucks syria up just so he has more power . 
  i hope he pays you well , you putin-shill . 
  just wait until she says the sanctions against russia should be lifted and that crimea belongs to russia . 
  that 's when you know she took the money . 
  he has the majority of his own population against him . 
  that 's how all of this started , remember ? 
  he is part of a minortity , his power was based on oppression . 
  how exactly will he be able to bring peace to a country that he completely destroyed with everyone in it against him ? 
  you 're really doing your best to defend russia . 
  i am aware that other countries cause damage , too . 
  but russia is by far the worst . 
  they support a mass murderer who uses chemical gas against his own people just because they want to control the region . 
  that is utterly fucked . 
  so what ? 
  right now europeans want assad gone . 
  russia supports the mass murderer just because they want to control the region . 
  russian foreign policy has zero respect for humans when the rest of the world at least tries to get rid of assad . 
  russia is way more cruel and heartless than other countries . 
  the russians living in crimea yes , but ukrainians and crim tartars certainly not . 
  the `` vote '' on the crimean takeover was a sick manipulated joke . 
  crim tartars are incarcerated , tortured and killed right now . 
  they do not prefer russia . 
  wrong : most of the eu countries have made it clear that assad needs to go . 
  and what exactly has this to do with the fact that russia never gives a shit about any cruel act commited by other countries ? 
  russia openly supports a mass murderer . 
  we 're talking about churkin here and everything that he and his government refused to do for syria . 
  wow , you think it 's good that they did n't block resolutions against mass murder ? 
  when in fact this is a massive sign that they do n't give a shit about all those who are tortured and killed by assad ? 
  well , this is unfair . 
  divide german numbers into east/west , so the ossis can share first place with estonia . 
  we 're almost at 60 % here !, 
  for whom ? 
  crimeans ? 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  russian cleptocrats ? 
  sure . 
  do n't forget how russia refuses to condemn anything assad does , especially in the un . 
  have you read h\u00f6ckes latest speech ? 
  he 's as fucking , full-on , brown-headed nazi . 
  and his colleagues in the afd , at best , show mild disapproval of his words . 
  if you 're ok with a neo-nazi being one of the most important characters in your party , you have to live with being called a neo-nazi . 
  especially since i found out his mom ( ? ), 
  is asian or something . 
  dude 's fucked up in the head . 
  i find it really funny . 
  if you had told the german neo-nazis twenty years ago that one day they would cooperate with their foreign counterparts ... they would have beat you up . 
  this is great . 
  i 'll put that on my travel list !, 
  maybe it 's different in spain . 
  but in germany you 'll get yelled at . 
  basically : do n't be loud . 
  that 's really the only thing that annoys me about tourists ( it 's always french teenagers and americans of all ages . 
  wtf !, 
  shut up when visiting a museum . ), 
   radicalisation of europe there is no such thing . 
  islamists are a problem , but we 've had terror before that and we will deal with it . 
  germany is n't falling apart because of some assholes . 
   snails . 
  steak tartare . 
  dude ... 
  the right wing is very loud , but still a minority here in germany . 
  i hate the fucking nazis . 
  when in germany : go to a good bakery and try the bread and cakes . 
  as an east german : being occupied by the ussr was n't much of a good time . 
  same goes for all former socialist/communist european countries . 
  russia sucked and they still do . 
  i mean , they attacked and invaded the ukraine . 
  i do n't hate the russians , but i 'll certainly never trust them . 
   have a tendency to switch to engish keep in mind that english will be available in big cities and around students . 
  in rural areas and smaller cities - not so much . 
  there 's not one eastern country that treats them properly . 
  they are discriminated from the day they are born . 
  they live in ghettos , go to shitty schools and have no prospect of ever getting a job . 
  no wonder they wo n't even try to integrate into a society that offers only hate and discrimination . 
  germany : 1 . 
  it 's just really comfortable to live here , especially as a woman / / nazis are the worst 2 . 
  diversity and quality of bread . 
  there 's no better bread anywhere else . 
  go east : baltic sea ( usedom , r\u00fcgen , stralsund , wismar ) spreewald g\u00f6rlitz ( in my opinion the most beautiful german city , the city has a completely unharmed medieval structure , grand budapest hotel and many other movies were shot there - but it does n't get as many visitors as it deserves since it 's far off on the border to poland ) weimar - basically condensed german history : origin of the bauhaus ( design ) , goethe & schiller ( most important poets ) , musicians like bach and liszt lived there , the weimarer republik ( first german democracy ) , buchenwald concentration camp and many more ... elbsandsteingebirge ( beautiful mountains ) erfurt ( beautiful old city ), 
  belgium in general is very underrated as a tourist destination . 
  such a great place to travel !, 
  i think the czech are doing great in terms of it . 
  berlin is doing kinda well , but it 's nowhere near silicon valleys ' success . 
  depends on what part of europe you 're talking about . 
  as a german i have to offer a high standard of living , decent income , 4-6 weeks of paid holiday , good healthcare & social systems , healthy environment , gender equality , lots of history/arts ... and we 're surrounded by the best travel destinations you could ever dream of . 
  1 ) absolutely not . 
  2 ) never voted for her , never will . 
  but she 's ok for someone from the cdu . 
  thank you so much !,
