   modern bureaucracy you mean all those rules regarding fire safety , noise and health ? 
  we have those rules because people used to die in the olden days of unplanned housing . 
  no , you 're the puppet !, 
  portugal is soooo underrated . 
  i mean , it 's nice to travel there because it 's not too crowded . 
  but it should be crowded . 
  beautiful country , great food , rich history - what more could you hope for ? 
  you call in confrontational , i call it being honest . 
  you do n't even have a case . 
  you 're just saying things that are untrue . 
  i do n't need a travel warning , turkey has long been off my travel list . 
  what a shame though , istanbul is freaking amazing . 
  this goes back way before the cold war . 
  of course the the middle east has been fucked over by western countries for more than two centuries . 
  britain , france and later the us where the main actors . 
  but there are so many factors . 
  during wwi the english and french controlled most of the region , so the germans decided to stirr things up a bit . 
  they wanted the arabs to rise against the colonialists . 
  back then the arabs were religious , but they kept religion private , it was n't political . 
  the germans pushed the idea of `` us vs. them '' , arguing that muslim arabs should not be ruled by non-believers . 
  simply put : germans planted the idea of radical islamism in the region . 
  because they wanted the arabs to rise against the british , so they would lose control of the region . 
  again , this is just one of many reasons why the region is in such bad shape . 
  right , the saudis are building salafi mosques all over kosovo . 
  it 's fucked . 
  women follow education and job opportunities , they are more mobile . 
  men tend to stay , especially those of lower education . 
  that 's exactly why east germany is so blue . 
  the economically challenged rural regions here all have a male surplus . 
  this problem is , in my opinion , also connected to the neo-nazi problem in those regions : uneducated young men with too much time on their hands and a desparate need to hate `` downwards '' to make themselves feel better . 
  seriously , the only factor that absolutely always works : educate women !, 
  funny how she 's all about french `` independence '' from the eu , but willingly crawls into putins anus . 
  wow , you 're either brainwashed or one of putins shills . 
  my money is on russian shill . 
  give it up , no one believes your bullshit . 
  go home and ask yourself why putin and medwedew are billionaires while you have to lie on the internet for a few rubels . 
  if you need to pay people to be your friends , you 're obviously not a good friend . 
  russia invaded ukraine and likes to fuck up it 's neighbours . 
  they are dangerous . 
  and how exactly do you get the idea that there is an army to `` persecute europeans '' ? 
  that 's complete and utter bullshit . 
  stop watching rt , get some real facts from news that are not controlled by putin . 
  #you 're scared shitless and it shows , brat, 
  birds are weak loser dinos !, 
  lots of organic food , i guess . 
  high quality knifes , watches and christmas decoration . 
  the cars were high maintenance . 
  but you could do ( & had to do ) the maintenance yourself , so the government considered this a good enough solution . 
  i 'm always happy to see a `` made in europe '' sign . 
  better than `` made in china '' or similar . 
  european jobs , shorter transport , better control over workers rights adn environmental issues ... 
   russian spring i lost that hope a long time ago . 
  actually : no one is killing me . 
  i can properly judge my safety , because i live here . 
  you ca n't because you do n't live here and you get you infos from the_liar . 
  i wonder when people who do n't even live in the eu will stop telling us stupid shit . 
  people like you are our problem . 
  the effects are very different for each woman . 
  i have a friend who experiences serious pain every two ( ! ), 
  weeks , but she would never stay home . 
  she goes out with friends and goes to work , because she does n't want to let her damn body ruin her live . 
  i have relatively minor period problems , but there 's definately one day a month when i 'll go slower at work and then just go home and collapse on the couch . 
  yet i have never ever met a woman who would want to stay at home during period days . 
  seriously , men have similar changes in hormones . 
  not as strong as women , but there 's a repeating pattern for men . 
  go for it !, 
  as long as you can afford the rent there ... 
  if you 'd like to have some seriously great chocolate for desert : my place . 
  good luck with that !, 
  but i guess after learning hungarian most other languages will seem like a joke ... 
  like any good german my kitchen is stuffed with italian pesto !, 
  love you too , my friends . 
  can i come over for a visit in summer ? 
  i bought too much bread , bring some cheese and we 'll have dinner ? 
  dude , go to bavaria and lower saxony in germany . 
  there 's no border between them , and yet there are so many cultural differences : language , food , social behaviour , humour ... 
   the people who think they do n't think , that 's the problem ... 
  seriously , how do you deal with hungarian ? 
  [ wackerbarth ] ( http://www.schloss-wackerbarth.de/englisch/ ) champagne seems to be really good . 
  in thuringia there 's wine from bad sulza , good stuff . 
  right now the unstrut region is europes northernmost wine region . 
  i 've never heard about wine in brandenburg . 
  i do n't care about moomins or tom . 
  but in this combination : hilarious !, 
  cliches ? 
  everything i mentioned is a fact . 
  proven . 
  i do n't get why you would think he 's `` winning '' . 
  economy going down the drain , he 's fucking up crimea , he 's killing innocent people in syria ( remember how he bombed the hospitals ? ) . 
  but i 'm sure his bank account ist growing by the minute , so yeah . . he 's probably `` winning '' . 
  just not the russian population . 
  oh boy , poor putin . 
  former kgb member turned corrupt billionaire , suppressing opposion , killing and silencing his opponents , invading ukraine in a massive breach of international law ... but western media is to blame for his bad reputation . 
  dude , you 're defending a guy who jumped on a horse , half-naked and decided that those pictures should be given to the media . 
  he himself ruined his reputation . 
  putin is n't right in the head . 
  but it 's ok . 
  i understand you need the money and you can not speak out against your half-naked billionaire owner . 
   willful ignorance that 's too kind of an assumption . 
  more likely : you 're debating someone who is paid by putin to support putin .
