  even the most stupid students come back from erasmus smarter and more skilled than before . 
  what do you plan to do ? 
  `` extreme vetting '' the students before allowing them to go abroad ? 
  how exactly do plan on controlling that ? 
  you would spent more money on controlling students than you would spent on erasmus itself . 
  and seriously , out of all the money spent by the eu , this is a ridiculous amount . 
  any minute discussing this spending is a waste . 
  i would like to see the numbers on that brain drain . 
  i do n't think it 's such a large number , at least from my german perspective . 
  we had quite a large number of erasmus-students at my university , none of them moved to germany later on . 
  it 's the kids who come here for a masters degree who stay . 
  but they already made their minds up before coming here . 
  anyway , i 'm all for expanding erasmus to non-university education . 
  schools and vocational trainings should get more funding for exchange programms . 
  it 's ridiculous how bad kids in `` ausbildung '' here in germany are in regards to foreign languages . 
  they do n't even speak english . 
  people who use erasmus work hard and play hard . 
  so what ? 
  even if they hardly ever study abroad - they improve language skills and intercultural skills . 
  which will be useful for the rest of your life . 
  i do n't care if some people do n't take erasmus seriously . 
  they are alrady onto that . 
  they will ban geoblocking contents . 
  it 's aimed at east germans i guess . 
  the fdp is not the kind of party to care about morals , especially not when there are deals to be made with russia . 
  it 's all about the money !, 
  my guess is that lindner is pandering to east german business owners , because east germany 's economy has close ties to russia and the companies here are all pissed about the sanctions ( exports to russia are a rather large part of east germany 's otherwise weak economy ) . 
  so you expect facts from everyone else , but you get to spout hateful generalizations whilst expecting others to `` see the hard facts '' behind it ? 
  as i said before : you have a very selective view of the world . 
   muslims study and then go on healthcare . 
  what a nice little `` fact '' you have there : all muslims never work . 
  what a load of bullshit your spewing . 
  you make up your own `` facts '' , fit to your hatred of muslims and then bathe in it ... 
   come now , you ca n't claim to not have seen , or perhaps felt , the change in atmosphere ? 
  surely . 
  absolutely not . 
  my hometown has a larger number of muslims now ( before they where almost nonexistent ) . 
  but get this : nothing has changed . 
  they go to school , language classes , they go shopping , some open restaurants , the kids join kindergarten ... it 's remarkably boring to live with them . 
  because they are people , they want to live life just as normal as possible . 
  i have spent most of my youth with a severe nazi problem in my region . 
  that was scary , because every fucking weekend they would beat someone up . 
  and if anything scares me now , it 's the fact that nazis are on the rise again . 
   one of the few from the political left that base their opinion on facts funny thing is : if you look at statistics and science - they usually prove the `` leftist '' point of view . 
  i do n't know exactly how much each immigrant costs . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's the same as each german child and student . 
  the state invests in people so they can earn their living . 
  and that 's exactly the same for refugees . 
  germany needs migration , because we do n't have enough kids and workers . 
  a minority of migrants will be dangerous and stupid , basically the same percentage as with germans . 
  major german economists consider immigration necessary and say that even with 10 years of education for kids and adults we will still gain from immigration . 
  i personally know some syrians who came to germany 2 years ago , without any knowledge of the language and who now attend the hightest/best kind of school in germany . 
  they are set up to go to university in a year . 
  i know syrian engineers , technicians and bus drivers who just want to get back into their jobs . 
  i know guys who started a training at sap , after coming to germany just 2 years ago . 
  but go ahead , tell me how horrible and dangerous each and every one of these guys is , just because that 's what you want to believe . 
   i know i have , i also know i 'm far from alone  socially suicide to go against the prevailing leftist narrative you 're using right wing extremist vocabulary . 
  i doubt you 've ever had a laissez faire attitude towards immigration . 
  stop pretending to be a `` worried citizen '' . 
  you 're a fearmongering nazi . 
   i really ca n't think of a single , let alone multitude of things that the people advocating for immigration from mena region that would be true and not a lie if you disregard all facts that oppose your view of the world as lies , then there is absolutely no reason to talk to you . 
  the world is full of facts that you wo n't like , so you better move into an echo chamber and plug out of the real world . 
  goodbye . 
  your comment : `` the eu is a bad joke '' because of this one negative aspect . 
  my comment : `` the eu is wonderful '' because of this one amazing aspect . 
  it 's been on my list for quite some time now ... 
  sorry i forgot to mention it . 
  riiiiight , every single refugee and migrant is illiterate ... 
  the people that consider immigration an advantage are economists , hardcore market liberal economists . 
  because even if you spend 10 years of education on the kids and the adults , in the end you will have an economic advantage out of it . 
  those are facts , not lies . 
  well , i 've been to sweden , i have family there and none of your fucking lies about sweden are true , so there 's that . 
  just because some rightwing media tells you scary stories about sweden , does n't mean they suddenly become true . 
  the fact that you compare sweden to nk and saudi arabia tells a lot about your understanding of the world we live in . 
  mainly that it 's wrong . 
  quite the opposite , my dear . 
  you 're quite an anxious person , facts seem to bypass you easily . 
  you 're not dealing with facts here . 
  germany is in desparate need for addicitional workers and the current immigration will help with that in the long term . 
  immigration does n't hurt the economy . 
  also , there is no `` large population of badly integrated people '' - that 's bullshit . 
  some immigrants are indeed poorly inegrated , but that has no effect on the economy . 
  we had up to 30 % unemployment in the east , just 20 years ago . 
  but now we 're doing better than ever . 
  seriously , consider the czech republic . 
  wonderful place . 
  or come to germany ... , 
  yeah , every time i have to plan my 6 weeks of holiday per year i really despise being european . 
  i mean , where to go ? 
  italy , france , belgium , sweden , norway , switzerland , czech or slovak republic , slovenia or croatia ? 
  maybe portugal ? 
  making these decisions reeeeeaaally sucks . 
  there 's just to much beauty and quality of live around here . 
  we 're nowhere near single digits or even double digits and we will never be . 
  blatant fearmongering . 
  the level of stupidity is amazing . 
  none of these guys has ever been to sweden . 
  i 'll leave the `` worrying '' to our police and secret services . 
  i am not frightened by assholes of any political or religious colour . 
  is it because it 's monday or what ?
