  i totally recommend visiting sintra , there 's lots of beautiful stuff and the eclectic castle is like a cherry on top . 
  you can go there on a day trip from lisbon . 
  what i say is true . 
  and whatever happend centuries ago does n't matter now , there is no excuse for deporting all crim tartars and killing many and repeating the same shit now . 
  the russians in crimea are leftovers from the sovjet union and if they want to live in russia they should move there . 
  it is absolutely unacceptable to invade crimea , no matter how many russians live there . 
  it is and always will be a breach of international law and human decency . 
  the sovjets did n't help east germans and eastern europeans , they sucked us out . 
  they literally took plants and technology from east germany to the su . 
  they stood no chance in economic terms because communism does n't work , and they did the worst job of managing the su and all controlled countries . 
  decisions were made by polticial leaders without any connection to reality . 
  the su was a fucking failure because they made the worst decisions and everyone suffered because of this . 
  great analogy . 
  not once has your government cared for you or treated you decently . 
  your `` russian mindset '' is utter ignorance . 
  you 'd rather live in a mudhole just as long as russia is `` strong and independent '' . 
  that 's why your country never will improve . 
  so much potential and all of it wasted . 
  i 'd feel sorry for you , if i did n't know firsthand how much you like to fuck up other countries . 
  the azores belong to portugal , they are absolutely stunning and you can fly there from portugal in just 4 hours . 
  `` unique '' is the proper word for a corrupt country that somehow always manages to make the worst of a situation . 
  there 's a reason why the soviet union fell apart and why all occupied countries told you to fuck off . 
  you fail at governing . 
  and instead of trying to learn from others , to improve your country , you stubbornly keep shooting yourself in the foot . 
  yeah , what has the eu done for travellers lately ? 
  except for open borders , reduced roaming fees , healthcare everywhere and a nice little book with information ... 
  there are many former russian army members who retired in crimea . 
  they want russia . 
  but the native crimeans , crimea tartars , have suffered horribly during sowjet times and they absolutely despise the russians . 
  now of course , they are being tortured , killed and silenced again . 
  having experienced the russian mindset myself : i prefer a proper economy , healthy environment , constant availability of all goods ( including food ) , the freedom to call the chancellor whatever i like and leaving my country whenever i like - without being shot . 
  keep your russian mindset to yourself , it 's no good . 
  with less corruption , a decent government , less military spending and better foreign relations russia could have a fucking amazing economy . 
  but instead the government takes whatever they want and fucks the country up as if the world ended tomorrow . 
  many elder east germans speak russian better than english . 
  it 's usually good enough to get by . 
  facts are still facts , even if you dislike them . 
  huh , we have nazi terrorism in germany . 
  we had `` communist '' terrorism in italy and germany . 
  we had eta terrorism in spain and france . 
  northern ireland ... why the fuck do all muslims have to pay for the assholery of a few , when i , as an east german never have to pay for neonazi terrorism committed by fellow east germans . 
  um , have a look at northern ireland , will you ? 
  just go back 20 years . 
  the colonial countries and later the us did their best to fuck over certain muslim regions , because : oil . 
  just look at irans history . 
  as a matter of fact , it was the germany during wwi who convinced muslims to fight off the english by spreading the `` islam vs. outsiders '' ideology . 
  we 'll never know how the region would have developed without western fuckery , but we do know that the colonial powers seriously hurt the region . 
  and we 're still treating the wounds . 
  i 've been told it 's really beautiful there . 
  some friends of friends came back very much in love with the country . 
  man , roughly 100 years ago there was a similar discussion about polish immigrants destroying german identity because of their many children . 
  and look what happened : nothing !, 
  birth rates are related to education . 
  education for women is the most effective birthcontrol ever , worldwide . 
  second generation immigrants have proper eduction and therefore less kids . 
  guys , the key is education - which is corelated to wealth . 
  education for women is the no . 
  1 trick to reduce birthrates , worldwide . 
  if you 're poorly educated , you 're poor and more likely to have many kids . 
  since eduction is better in urban regions , rural regions tend to have more kids per mother . 
  there is a small and very stupid amount of people who fantasize about civil war . 
  which doesnt mean civil war will happen . 
  when the raf killed german politcians and bankers , they thought the general population would follow and start a revolution . 
  it did n't happen , because no one wanted one . 
  just like civil war . 
  if you 're going to do this , you really have to divide germany into east and west . 
  because all east germans over 40 had russian as their first foreign language . 
  whereas i have never even met a russian-speaking west german . 
  europe is very different in that regard . 
  `` not so nice people '' are very unlikely to ever own a house here . 
  it 's just too expensive . 
  most people just rent , even those who have a higher income . 
  in addition to that , states here set many laws regarding rent . 
  housing and renting is under a strict control , unlike the the us . 
  and states here put a lot more money into social housing and city planning . 
  that does n't solve all problems here , because poor people and immigrants still concentrate in neighbourhoods with low rents ... but if a government seriously wants to prevent that , it 's possible . 
  good city planning can increase diversity in neighbourhoods and even drive out drug dealers , for example . 
  problem is : many cities just ignore those neighbourhoods instead of dealing with them . 
  i really do n't give a shit about anyones skin colour . 
  if my grandchildren are a less pale than i am - fine . 
  you 're racist . 
  we do n't even have a muslim party here . 
  none of the refugees is allowed to vote . 
  and i 'm not worried because it is statistics that prove me right . 
  we do n't get a muslim majority just because they have 4 kids and we have 1.5 . 
  you 're right . 
  but what i mean is , there was a long and planned effort to erase native americans , up until the 20th century . 
  i call that shitty social and city planning . 
  it 's not like all morrocans want to live there . 
  it 's the only place they can find a flat . 
  no they wo n't . 
  higher birthrates do n't change populations too much . 
  because you need several generations of higher birthrates to increase numbers significantly . 
  and by the time you have a second or third generation `` immigrant '' these people are integrated into the dutch culture . 
  which means , amongst other things , that those people will have a standard dutch birthrate . 
  just look wilders , he 's part second generation immigrant . 
  and he 's doing so well for himself , is n't he ? 
  i mean , he 's totally , naturally blonde ... you might just forget his mom is asian . 
  you mean we have to kidnap him and take him to a good hairdresser ? 
  not islam , but muslim leaders have tried to take over parts of europe .
