  rhein-main is very different , it lacks winters . 
  yeah , you were mixed up at birth . 
  brits are supposed to wear tiny dresses and t-shirts well into winter . 
  alcohol seems to keep them warm . 
  germany has the most perfect combination of four seasons any human could ever wish for . 
  i love german weather . 
  just another reason why germany is the best place to live . 
  i 'd kill myself after a whole month of 40 degrees . 
  you 're right . 
  i certainly consider myself european , just as much as i am german and thuringian . 
  we love you and we 'll miss you !, 
  rundst\u00fcck is something your plumber needs for repairs . 
  in th\u00fcringen we usually say br\u00f6tchen , but use `` semmelmehl '' to describe `` bread crumbs '' made from br\u00f6tchen . 
  we 're a language border of some kind ( i think ) , therefore the mixup . 
  i 'll try and send them an email this weekend , lets see what they say . 
  there 's no delusion in comparing data . 
  germany is one of the safest countries in the world . 
  my risk of dying from terrorism is incredibly lower than my risk of dying whilst riding a bike or through a lightning strike or cancer . 
  you 're delusional in your fear and hate . 
  i want to donate money to the lorry drivers family . 
  if anyone knows if there is a possibility , let me know !, 
  to much , to soon . 
  this is fake . 
  no one goes on a morning run before work !, 
  good point , but still : it 's kinda annoying to have all those trumpers tell me how the situation in germany is when i live here and they only ever look at europe when something bad happens . 
  i ride my bike every day . 
  these are my chances of dying : in a bike accident . 
  statistics has it all worked out for me . 
  and yet i wo n't stop riding my bike . 
  weird , huh ? 
  huh , just posting `` innocent questions '' ? 
  not at all spreading conspiracy bullshit ? 
  go back to your trump subreddits . 
  sorry , think i think i mixed some things up : jaques le goff ( l'europe est-elle n\u00e9e au moyen \u00c2ge ) and [ this great show ] ( http://ddc.arte.tv/alle-folgen ) on arte . 
  the show is n't entirely about europe , but often enough . 
  since it 's on arte there should be a french version as well . 
  le goff also wrote a great book about the history of europe for kids . 
  in germany i got it for free from the bfpb , so maybe it 's also available in the eu bookshop ? 
  more like having one 's cake and throwing it into your neighbours face at the same time . 
  johnson is all about riot . 
  i fell in love with him when he attacked berlusconi viciously back in the day . 
  even though schulzes teeth were horrible back then , he won my heart . 
  i need some help for this : the french guy that did a show on arte about european history ... ( you should watch that ) - he had some good books , i think . 
  what 's his name again ? 
  give them a long straw and tell them to `` naturally enrich the water with oxygen '' to avoid pollution . 
  are the classes in german ? 
  or english ? 
  or do you mean to tell me that thousands of germans speak dutch ? 
  the police is investigating and releasing information only when confirmed . 
  proper work needs time . 
  that 's why they start low . 
  they need to get doctors there , who examine those infured and dead - one by one . 
  only when doctors confirm a death the police can report it . 
  is that to hard to understand ? 
  does your brain hurt or what ? 
  yeah , we really need a hateful idiot putin-puppet and his billionaire fuckbuddies so we can finally achieve world peace . 
  it 's gon na be huuuge . 
   only a very certain invisible man in the sky last time i checked christians were killing each other in northern ireland because of some minor differences in their believe system . 
  you ca n't gather enough examples of homemade terrorism . 
  so many people think that rape , terrorism and theft are exclusive to non-pale non-europeans ... 
  you seem to forget that europe had/has lots of native terrorism as well : basque terror , northern ireland , raf and nazis in germany , brigade rosse ( whatever that was ) in italy ... you think terror will stop if we throw out all immigrants ? 
  false !, 
  well , when i read about ankara today , this was exactly my first thought . 
  but it seems as if putin and erdogan are still dictator-buddies , so maybe not today ... 
  right because war never has severe consequences for anyone . 
  no one ever dies in a war , right ? 
  i was talking about british politicians , because that 's what they 've been doing for the past decades . 
  well , i for one , am not afraid and i will keep on living my normal live . 
  just like you keep on living after yet another mass shooting in the us . 
  how many mass shootings did you have in the us this year ? 
  i feel safer here in germany than i could ever feel in the us . 
  oh , you brought them a mini-trabbi ? 
  that 's cute , 
  thank china for your vacuum  but that 's exactly how people are thinking here . 
  in most cases making them shut up is the best thing you can do . 
  maybe we should introduce a `` europe before the eu '' rollback week ? 
  close borders , expensive roaming fees , ordering foreign currency from the bank before going abroad , no online shopping from foreign countries , no online pharmacies , reduced german exports ... 
  instead of constantly complaining about the eu and demanding `` your money back '' you could have worked on improving the eu . 
  but no , it had to be whining ... 
  i wonder what british politicians will do when they ca n't use the eu as a scapegoat any more ? 
  germans always complain about the eu , and no one ever mentions the advantages we get . 
  people are so uninformed , it really pisses me off . 
  the eu needs a much better `` marketing '' . 
  narnia ? 
  how cool is that !, 
  i wanted to spent my new years holiday in the s\u00e4chsische schweiz , right across the border . 
  but all hotels were already sold out . 
  hope you get just as many visitors in bohemia !, 
  absolutely , if you want to spread eu information amongst average europeans , stuff like this needs to be available in the easiest possible ways . 
  i 'm so jealous right now . 
  6 languages ... 
  no , that 's her piece of shit german husband . 
  i know that , hence `` eclectic '' . 
  it 's really bad eclecticism , done without a feeling for composition or knowledge of historical styles . 
  there 's lots of good eclectic architecture and historism , but this one is n't . 
  i do n't fancy neuschwanstein much either , btw . 
  the castle above sintra ( to lazy to look up the name ) is the fakest , ugliest castle i have ever been to . 
  build by a german geologist for the last portugese king it is the most eclectic building i have ever seen . 
  after a decent hike up the mountain the first sight of this castle had me in laughter . 
  it looks like someone at disneyland was to lazy to do research in historical architecture and just made shit up .
