  while i do n't agree with the way the debt crisis is dealt with ... we do n't make the south poor . 
  your goverments have spent decades ruining your country . 
  it 's not like there was any time when your economy was actually doing well , without `` fixing '' the numbers . 
  why would you give away two luxemburgs ? 
  ever been to luxemburg ? 
  they 're rich as fuck !, 
  mmmh , panade . 
  no one gets arrested for shitting on merkel . 
  in what kind of deluded fantasy world do you live in ? 
  who was ever arrested for `` critizing '' merkel ? 
  name one !, 
  good !, 
  thank you for this information . 
  my first thought was that there has to be some serious damage to the lagoon . 
  is n't it a very popular place for tourists ? 
  when you take all those facts into account it seems like there 's only one explanation : corruption . 
  i grew up with that stuff . 
  i read that it contains almost everything you need in terms of nutrition , except for one nutrient . 
  unfortunately i do n't remember the details . 
   worst thing about nazi ideology was ... millions of dead people ? 
  the destruction of europe ? 
  the incredible loss of scientists , artists , musicians and their ideas ? 
  shitty amateur psychology analysis based on actual scientific results : if you 're an underachiever in live , you 're far more likely to cling to any idea that gives you the illusion of being better than others - being german , being muslim , being a fan of a certain football club ... 
  there are two kinds of pride : pride for your own achievments ( such as being good at your job , having restored an old car with your own hands , being a great cook ) and then there 's pride for things you can not control ( being white , having a certain nationality , religion or being a fan of club x ) . 
  pride for own achievements is linked to mental stability and health , whereas people who are proud of their white skin are more likely to suffer from psychological problems . 
  ( no surprise there ! ), 
  turin was a surprise for me , even though i was prepared . 
  such a beautiful , underrated city ( and home of the slow food movement ! ) . 
  everyone and their grandmother visits italy but no one ever goes to torino , it 's a shame !, 
  go move to chernobyl then ... again : there are no dams of that size in germany , so this is not a risk here . 
  dams are impressive engineering , but compared to nuclear plants they are basically easy to deal with from an engineering point of view . 
  this is n't a two-sided topic . 
  there are lots of other options . 
  again : whatever you interpret is wrong . 
  ooooh democracy now comes with tanks , russian soldiers , destruction and violence ? 
  but crimean tartars without weapons are the terrorists ? 
  you 're a russian shill . 
  why does your corrupt , criminal , half-naked dictator need to pay thousands of shills to promote his agenda if everything is so great and peaceful in ukraine ? 
  because it is n't !, 
  russian tanks did n't support democracy in crimea , they invaded a country . 
  it was , is and always will be illegal . 
  1 ) germany does n't have such huge dams , the potential damage is much smaller 2 ) dams are so much easier to maintain and keep safe than nuclear pants 3 ) dams do n't create uninhabitable nuclear wastelands conclusion : this is a useless comparison, 
  well , east and west were separated for 45 years . 
  that left us with some differences in language , social life , economy ... 
  careful , do n't call it berliner when ossis are around . 
  seriously , this is an alternate food universe we 're living in . 
  berliner just triggers me . 
  krapfen is something different for me though : similar to pfannkuchen , but usually without filling , smaller and the dough is more solid . 
  krapfen is what you can make at home , pfannkuchen is what you get at the bakery . 
  do i mention coal anywhere ? 
  because i 'm against coal . 
  we can do without all of that shit if we work hard . 
  remember smog ? 
  i do . 
  get rid of coal now !, 
  i remember smog as a kid in east germany . 
  we could not go outside school on many winter days because air pollution was so bad you could taste the air . 
  i seriously hope turkey goes for renewables . 
  what keeps turkey from going crazy for solar and wind power ? 
  you do know that nuclear plants release radioactive material ? 
  nuclear is cheap only because it 's grossly underinsured . 
  if you accounted for the actual possible damage combined with the actual possible chance of accidents , nuclear power would not exist . 
  nuclear energy is not 100 % safe . 
  there 's always a tiny fraction of risk left . 
  and since we 're talking about millions of germans and europeans possibly affected by radioactive poisoning , i 'd rather not take risks . 
  go to `` runde 11 -- fragebogen '' and join in , german natives . 
  well , it 's what they do , they ask people to participate : http://www.atlas-alltagssprache.de/runde-1/f01/ you can join in on the next round , go to `` runde 11 -- fragebogen '' , you can even propose new words/topics for the next round . 
  have fun spending the next hour on all previous results ... 
  i visited the bosco verticale two years ago . 
  it looks neat , but it 's the kind of greenwashing my universities ' professor of ecological housing hated . 
  these buildings look green but they are absolutely not . 
  it 's not a bosco ( forrest ) and the ecobalance of this building is bad . 
  no matter how much evidence you 'll be shown , your answer will always be : `` but look at all those horrible things other countries do '' . 
  you choose to believe or get paid to promote the idea that russian aggression is not relevant because other countries commit crimes as well . 
  you are promoting a fucked up president and a fucked up country . 
  reminds me of the ussr , which failed because of their inability to understand its own decay . 
  you 're part of a decaying system . 
  no matter how much evidence you 'll be shown , your answer will always be : `` but look at all those horrible things other countries do '' . 
  you choose to believe or get paid to promote the idea that russian aggression is not relevant because other countries commit crimes as well . 
  you are promoting a fucked up president and a fucked up country . 
  reminds me of the ussr , which failed because of their inability to understand its own decay . 
  you 're part of a decaying system . 
  yeah , when you only ask the russians living in crimea you get this kind of false info . 
  ask the crimean tartars what they think about torture , oppression and their leaders being killed by russia ... crimeans do n't want to belong to russia , stop spewing out putins lies . 
   he is technically not shia neither sunni he is alawite and his people control the state/government/economy . 
  or whatever is left of that . 
  you should stop listening to rt and other russian state media so you can get a grip on what 's actually going on there . 
  it 's not that hard to find the truth . 
  you 're giving facts for topics we 're not discussing here . 
  you 're trying to diminish the russian shitshow by givin examples of other countries fuckups . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you need actual links to my claims about russia then you 're beyond help . 
  the world is full of proof . 
  read any newspaper or watch any tv that 's credible ( hint : rt and all other russian state media is not because they are controlled by a manipulative former kgb agent ) . 
  wow !, 
  everyone is wrong , it 's hackekl\u00f6sschen !, 
  i do n't know . 
  but instead of direct funding she might get `` online support '' from putin and no receipt will ever be necessary . 
  he belongs to a religious minority : alawites . 
  the majority of syrians are not alawites .
