  it 's not a static set , it 's a process . 
  assad is the cause of this war . 
  he kills his own people , tortures them and uses chemical gas on them . 
  lets just not remove this mass murderer , people in syria sure will be fine with that . 
  go have a look at japanese statistics . 
  they are ageing like crazy and they just do n't make nearly enough babies . 
  the country is shrinking and ageing at a nasty speed . 
  dude , your arguments are riduculous . 
  you literally have no idea how germany works . 
  just because there are few illegal exceptions to the law , that does n't mean the whole system works like that . 
  and as i said before - if companies really wanted to exploit poor immigrant workers , they could just turn to romania ... 
  yeah , because living in two extremely contrary societies is an experience i should totally keep to myself . 
  i lived in a state that was pretty much exactly what most of you immigration-hating guys want . 
  and it sucked . 
  i do n't know where this infografic comes from . 
  but it contradicts the numbers published by german authorities an few months ago . 
  huh , amazing logic . 
  nope , just some very old information about the fact that his mother is barely known and the few journalists who tracked her down are no longer alive ... 
  but that was literally ages ago . 
  anyway , he seems to be extremely protective of all his family info and all we know about his parents seems to originate from his autobiography . 
  i do n't know , finnish men seem to be nice , tall and attractive ... 
  if i recall correctly his mother is probably `` known '' while his father is just '' ? '' . 
  does anyone know better ? 
  in germany the statistics are this : syrian refugees commit less crimes than germans tunisian and morroccan immigrants commit more crimes than germans , but this is mostly because of certain `` intensiv-t\u00e4ter '' ( extreme criminals ) who screw the statistics for all of them . 
  apart from all that , here are the facts : germany needs immigration , look at our age structure . 
  if we had zero refugees we still had a problem with terrorism . 
  ethnic and religous conflicts are a made-up threat and not a real one . 
  racists and nazis commit far more crimes than refugees . 
  your attitude is to let people suffer and ignore it , because it 's not you who is suffering . 
  that 's how you create refugees in the first place : ignore all the shit that goes on in this world . 
  you ca n't be open to other cultures if you do n't know them . 
  and japan certainly is n't a prime example of openness . 
  especially since japan is ageing really fast and the country is going to be seriously fucked unless they manage to make more babies ( unlikely ) or start immigration programs . 
  `` flooding '' - such an interesting , hateful word you use . 
  the brd had lots of migrants back then . 
  france had lots of migrants from former colonies . 
  same with britain . 
  and portugal . 
  spain had and still has a clear divided between basques and the rest . 
  belgium consists of two groups who basically hate each other since hundreds of years . 
  all east european countries have minorities from neighbouring countries . 
  since trianon 1/3 of hungarians live abroad ... etc, 
  ah , putins online army or some sad unemployed german ... 
  the majority are refugees , mainly from syria , that 's a fact . 
  those who come here for other reasons will get sent home . 
  refugees do not `` take advantage '' . 
  they just want to live in peace . 
  and you ca n't really expect them to stay in greece , where they might end up living on the street . 
  or in turkey , where the kids can not attend school . 
  or in hungary , where they are treated like animals . 
  just image what you would do as a syrian ? 
  and do n't tell me you 'd stay there and fight daesh , because you would n't . 
  and at the same time : homogenous . 
  you mean to tell me that a conservative government ( germany ) would `` import '' people who do n't even have the right to vote until they get citizenship , in maybe ten years , so that in the end they will vote for other parties ? 
  you mean to tell me that germany needs to `` import cheap labour '' from far far away , when we have cheap east german labour and polish workers just around the corner ? 
  all of whom will get the same minimum wage mandated by german law ? 
  it 's not `` political correctness '' but german and international law to accept refugees and provide relief . 
  or you could just call it `` being human '' . 
  yeah , cause turkey can just take all refugees , why not ? 
  do n't mind the fact that turkey does n't even provide proper schooling to refugee children . 
  what parent would want to stay in a country that lets your children work , but wo n't sent them to school ? 
  it will take forever to get syria solved . 
  until then most of the kids will have had a german education . 
  most refugees will have adapted to germany . 
  most of them , by then , will have the chance to get german citizenship - if they kept their record clean . 
  i sure hope that many of them will decide to stay here . 
  in east germany most regions will have a significant decline in population , the numbers are horribly depressing ( -30 % between 2000 and 2030 in all rural regions ) . 
  we seriously need immigration , otherwise we 're fucked . 
  no you ca n't . 
  refugees have a legal right to stay . 
  there 's so much bullshit in his post that it would take hours to point out all the flaws . 
  also , his logic is beyond repair . 
  the problem is : where do you draw the line between multiculturalism and integrated immigrants ? 
  you start with the first and end with the second . 
  it 's part of a process . 
  if you come from syria right now , you will try to learn german and get a job , but at the same time you will hold on to your culture and other syrians just for the sake of sanity . 
  these people fled because of a war , they have lost everything . 
  they can not just switch cultures within a year or two . 
  if you denounce multiculturalism you denounce all immigration . 
  your argument is complete and utter bullshit . 
  importing ? 
  yeah , right . 
  i come from a very homogenous country : former gdr . 
  we had few foreigners ( from other socialist/communist countries ) and many russian soldiers - but contact with those foreigners was not wanted/supported by the government . 
  basically we were on our own . 
  and i can tell that it was fucking boring . 
  society stagnates without influences from abroad . 
  you 're cut off from international science and trade . 
  you 're cut off from all cultural influences ( design/art/fashion / food ) . 
  people tried to integrate glimpses of foreign `` fashions '' into your live without really understanding them , which lead to weird food or designs . 
  it 's literally mind-numbing to live in a place where everyone and everything is homogenous . 
  you would have hated to live in the gdr . 
  apart from that : homogenous nations are not realistic and have never existed . 
  european nations have always been a mix , in constant movement , people have moved around this place for thousands of years . 
  yeah , but those losses can not be attributed to erasmus . 
  because a few hunderd millions euros is nothing compared to other eu spending . 
  seems like you need to have a look at eu finances . 
  soon on german facebook : `` look at this map to see how the eu plans to destroy nation states in order to destroy our power '', 
  i care about eu spending a lot . 
  but spending a few millions on students to go abroad and gain language skills , where the fuck to you see a problem ?
