  every post about russia is full of putins shills . 
   this is doing serious harm to international relations . 
  putins actions are doing serious harm to international relations . 
  and russia . 
  well , why would anyone ban this kind of information in universities ? 
  you go to university to learn critical thinking . 
  just not in russia . 
   no one is safe in russia ftfy, 
  careful there ... or i 'll throw my reclam faust at you . 
  rise even more ? 
  ouch for the poor non-bankers in frankfurt . 
  yes , i do . 
  dresden is amazing . 
  i just never took the extra hour to go beyond dresden ... which is a shame . 
  wow , this is really beautiful . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm not sure i 've ever seen a pic of greece with snow in it . 
  as someone who avoids the mediterannean summer like hell , this pic got me far more interested than all those pics of greek beaches . 
  this looks really interesting . 
  right now i 'm planning a trip to the s\u00e4chsische schweiz . 
  if anyone has good tips for food and good hikes , let me know . 
  my father likes to say : `` every country has the government it deserves '' . 
  i do n't always agree with this , but in case of the us right now : i do . 
  her sole existence is offensive to someone with his mindset . 
  he ca n't stand a powerful woman , much less someone more educated than himself . 
  this is the appropriate order of donalds !, 
  one war ? 
  have you been following human history ? 
  stupid socks !, 
   lanky and gaunt you misspelled `` tall and handsome '', 
  oh i love those !, 
  you 're the kind of person that is never happy when other people are taken care of . 
  you 're only happy when you 're taken care of . 
  you actually get mad when other people are taken care of . 
  do you get mad at kids , when they get stuff for free , just because they are kids ? 
  or old people just because they are old ? 
  or disabled people ? 
  or students because they are poor ? 
  seems like you have a really sad live . 
   ethical question there is no `` ethics '' involved , it 's a doctor and a man refusing to treat a woman . 
  he has no excuse other than being a shithead . 
  i know several men working in daycares . 
  they are rare , but the few that choose this field are all happily employed . 
  it is not `` against the law '' to not not find daycare . 
  cities must provide daycare , but until very recently there was no punishment at all for those cities who did not offer proper daycare . 
  because of the recent court ruling the cities now have to pay , but that ruling is just a few months old . 
  let 's have a look at bamberg , where there is exactly one class in the whole town which has after-school daycare . 
  30 kids in the whole fucking city are taken care of . 
  all other moms have to leave work at 12 to take care of their kids . 
  and finding a place in kindergarten is extremely tough . 
  you have no fucking clue what you 're talking about . 
  this is not about me : this is about all women and you know the statistics . 
  yeah , now you say that women should n't choose typically underpaid `` female '' jobs . 
  the real question is : why are `` female '' jobs underpaid ? 
  who decides they are less valuable than `` male '' jobs ? 
  the system in itself is fucked when a kindergarten teacher earns a pitty . 
  female jobs are incredibly important to society , but they do n't get the payment they deserve . 
  i do n't hide behind men . 
  never did . 
  i do very well and i can fight for myself . 
  and it boils my blood that there are guys like you , believing that there is no more problem , just because you wo n't ever experience it . 
  and no : plan b is not abortion . 
  you are aware that the average man earns more than the averag woman ? 
  maybe lower prices for female customers are necessary because they could n't pay more ? 
  if anything , society and economy still very much favour men . 
   what was achieved decades ago oh , you think we 're all set now ? 
  see , there 's your problem . 
  try getting plan b at a german hospital - your doctor might just refuse to serve you . 
  try applying for a job a male dominated field . 
  try being a single mom in southern germany when there is no fucking daycare for your kids . 
  try earning the same wage as a guy ... we 're still miles away from equality and that 's why feminism will always be necessary - because of guys like you . 
   e eu : they 've ignored these people for too long . 
  these people ignore facts . 
  they believe all the lies le pen and her father fed them . 
  they deserve to be ignored , because the will only bring stupidity to the table . 
  oh it does . 
  now please . 
  she 's just taking care of crimeans . 
  the eu is n't half as bad as the neoliberals in the imf . 
  being east germans ( gdr ) my family could only travel east before 1990 . 
  we went to czechoslovakia almost every year . 
  let me tell you that the czech and slovak republic are just lovely : beautiful nature , great architecture , amazing food , rich culture , handsome people ... 
  i really recommend going there . 
  and do n't just visit prague . 
  as beautiful as it is , there 's more !, 
  so many years later and it still brings out the tears . 
  what a horrible period . 
  where is that ? 
  give me just one example . 
  we 're looking at a situation that is unprecedented . 
  how exactly are you going to describe the future of britain if not subjunctively ? 
  what 's your plan : close your eyes and only open them again when the negotiations are over ? 
  truth is : if you do n't like this kind of news you certainly wo n't like living in post-brexit britain . 
  your future looks kinda dark right now . 
   but the eu is a dinosaur filled with rich guys making bank who dont want to lose their cash cow this is so wrong . 
  but anyway , it 's not as if murdoch supported the brexit so he can gain control over britain again . 
  mclaren what ? 
  i 've never even seen one anywhere . 
  leipzig has porsche and bmw , with perfectly qualified workers whose wages are probably cheaper than those in graz . 
  luxemburg ... nice .
