  i can not even watch people eating english breakfast , and i come from a country that eats [ `` dead granny '' ( tote oma ) ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/79/79001/112374-960x720-tote-oma-thueringer-art.jpg ) . 
  brussels is great . 
  if you like chocolate and are willing to spend some money on it , visit [ marcolini ] ( https://eu.marcolini.com/ ) . 
  that stuff is amazing !, 
  i have been to brussels many times and i love it . 
  people often complain about certain areas with ugly architecture , but every city has those . 
  except for g\u00f6rlitz maybe . 
  because he can go to marcolini and buy crazy amounts of chocolate !, 
  so i have to ask : just two days ago i found a grapefruit from ireland in a store . 
  do you really grow freakin ' organic grapefruits in ireland or was the store owner drugged out of his mind when he wrote the produce signs ? 
  of course you could build a church or two . 
  but in a country as poor as romania , do you really need to spent that much money on an oversized church ? 
  you could have build 4 churches and 20 schools for that kind of money . 
  it 's fucking insane . 
  well , if you compare the average income of romanians to that of americans ... then the romanian church is worse . 
  just imagine they had used that church-money to renovate schools , orphanages and kindergartens . 
  ah , right , because 80 million germans will produce less babies than 1 milllion immigrants . 
  they will totally overtake us within the next years . 
  and of course none of the immigrants babies will grow up to be average germans . 
  they will all turn into goethe-hating terrorists who will force us to stop listening to sportfreunde stiller whilst making pork illegal . 
  yeah , the `` pork ban '' is bullshit . 
  there is no ban . 
  depends on the animal you choose to compare ... 
  `` replacement '' - i love that term . 
  how do you replace 80 million germans with 1 million refugees ? 
  were do the germans go , after being `` replaced '' by foreigners ? 
  is this why holger apfel ( neonazi ) and lutz bachman of pegida-fame left germany for spain - they were replaced ? 
  ( if so , great deal for us , btw ) do you know that more than 100 years ago german statistician were afraid of `` replacement '' by foreigners as well ? 
  how come we 're still here ? 
  were can i apply for the replacement of all german nazis ? 
  will the replacing people bring better food than blutwurst and better music that landser ? 
  right , this is part of the east german problem . 
  when the economy failed hard , unemployment reached 30 % in many regions ... we had a huge exodus . 
  if you were smart , but unemployed , you left for western germany . 
  and women were more likely to leave than men . 
  especially in rural regions there is now a surplus of unemployed , uneducated men ( young and old ) . 
  which leads us directly to the pegida/neonazi-problem ... 
  anyone who refuses to accept cultural change is an idiot . 
  cultural change is happening all the time . 
  it 's the reason why germans no longer think `` hitler did nothing wrong '' . 
  we are very different from our own grandparents , and that 's a good thing . 
  i come from a shut-off society ( gdr , hardly any foreigners or contact with the outside world ) and i can tell you my life is so much better now . 
  many of my german friends live abroad and i have a decent number of foreign friends in germany and abroad . 
  live without foreign influences is fucking boring . 
  sure , we need a solution to take care of those who can not work until 65 . 
  in general i think retirement age needs to be flexible . 
  one age does n't fit all . 
  well , it 's kind of hard to accept a retirement age of 67 or even 70 when right now many people retire well before turing 65 . 
  it 's a difficult topic and people get pissed real quick , but for myself i plan to retire at 70 , even though legally i have to work until 67 . 
  politicians must not let go of this topic . 
  it takes time for most people to accept this . 
  there is none . 
  babies are cute . 
  sure , like the last time immigrants from poland came here to work in steel mills and turned the ruhrgebiet into a polish wasteland ... fun fact : when you look at right wing parties and neonazi groups quite a number of those fucktards have forgeign last names , because their ancestors were immigrants ( mainly from poland and croatia ) . 
  but they act as if immigration is the worst thing to happen to germany . 
  yeah , 'cause we never had polish immigrants before ... 
  i was born in the gdr . 
  everyone had kids back then , babies were everywhere . 
  then the reunion came and birthrates dropped so bad that babies almost disappeared . 
  it felt so weird to walk through town and not see any strollers . 
  now , finally , birthrates are rising . 
  i see a lot more babies in town nowadays . 
  this makes me so happy . 
  any place without children is a sad place . 
  guess where i 'm going next month ? 
  you do n't seem to understand statistics . 
  according to your logic i would have to lock myself up in my house . 
  sad thing is : most accidents happen at home . 
  you 're being too nice . 
  i 'd call them looser nr . 
  1 , looser nr . 
  it works for suicides . 
  newspapers report `` famous '' suicides in a very reduced , careful way . 
  that is to prevent follow-up suicides . 
  and it works . 
  sometimes it 's helpful to society not to publish everything . 
  after that neonazi fucker killed all those kids in norway i really did not want to see his fugly face . 
  but it was everywhere . 
  getting bread at the bakery - newspapers have him on the frontpage . 
  when there was a case of cannibalism in germany ( many years ago ) - this guys face was everywhere . 
  i do n't want to see those fucks whilst buying groceries , whilst filling my car , whilst passing through mainstreet . 
  it pisses me of that i have those faces burned into my brain . 
  funny you mention the stereotypes . 
  my experience in belgium is : everyone in the flamish region speaks perfect english , probably also some german or other languages . 
  people in wallonia , even those under 20 : french , nothing more . 
  is it the schools , the lack of tourism there or just a way of life ? 
  you 're more likely to get hit by lightning than getting killed in a terrorist attack ( in europe , of course ) . 
  while i understand their fear , it 's not really reasonable . 
  fuck , i risk more by riding my bike to work every day . 
  traffic is a threat to my life , not terrorism . 
  anywhere except the mediterranean in summer or the nordic regions in winter . 
  never did i dislike a region i visited . 
  but i really ca n't deal with constant heat and an abundance of german and british tourists . 
  which is losing readers constantly , since years . 
  i 'm so happy when i see the numbers . 
  but they are all beautiful in a different way . 
  there are laws preventing the media from taking and publishing these pics in sweden ( and other countries ) . 
  it 's a privacy issue , especially for children . 
  unless the familiy agrees to the publishing , there is no way in hell the media can do that . 
  and you can bet your ass the families do n't want those pics published .
