  there 's a difference . 
  just like the christian crusaders tried to take over muslim countries . 
  or christian politicians trying to take over the world ( hitler was christian ) . 
  or christians trying to kill each other . 
  what is your point ? 
  if you hold muslims accountable for everything their ancestors did , you have to do the same for christians . 
  americans killed native people with diseases , guns and by majority . 
  americans planned and executed a genocide . 
  which is exactly what is not happening here . 
  your comparison is bullshit . 
  1 million refugees will overpower 80 million germans . 
  they do n't even want to . 
  most of them just want to live in peace . 
  funny cause you sound just like one of putins trolls . 
  let 's look at the facts : a minority of muslims are commiting crimes . 
  none of them are talking about taking over europe . 
  if nazis only exist because of immigration , then why does eastern germany have so many nazis and so few immigrants ? 
  especially right after the reunion of germany , when immigrant where less than 1 % and hardly any of them muslims - why were there so many nazis ? 
  you 're telling lies , none of them holds up to facts , but i have delusions ? 
  why do n't you read up about human history ? 
  the part with `` all humans came out of africa '' might shock you !, 
  yes , your ancestors where black . 
  you have neanderthal and black genes right in your own body . 
  that 's not replacement . 
  that 's adding to a population . 
  yeah , because all that hate needs an physical outlet . 
  yet they pretend that it 's not what they want , but what they are `` forced '' to do . 
  just like `` hitler actually was a nice guy who was forced to start a war '' . 
  let 's look at the facts : nazis are attacking refugees , mosques and refugees homes every day . 
  nazis are talking about civil war . 
  they are acting just the way they are talking . 
  it 's not fascist to watch criminals . 
  and because jesus was so peaceful no war was ever started in the name of christianity , right ? 
  like , no harmful action was ever commited in the name of christianity . 
  2000 years of peace , all in the name of jesus . 
  no one was ever hurt . 
  well , that 's what you get for conquering half the world . 
  people from those countries move to your country , because they are part of your empire . 
  but yeah : poor britains , living with the consequences of being an imperial nation . 
  london is such a horrible place to live . 
  that 's why all the rich people move to ... huh , london ? 
  so all those germans in the netherlands , with their german identity - should they leave as well ? 
  because they 'll never stop watching german television or teaching their kids german traditions ? 
  or is it just non-pale people that have to follow this rule ? 
  funny how right-wingers constantly talk about `` civil war '' . 
  it seems to be a viable option for you . 
  which is why you need to be watched very closely . 
  you know , most people actually prefer non-violent means . 
   replaced the moment you use that word anything you say is worthless . 
  that word is the official flag for racism and utter stupidity . 
  no one is replaced . 
  immigrants are added to a population . 
  if you seriously believe there is `` replacement of population '' , please tell me where those humans `` being replaced '' are sent ? 
  his hair looks ridiculous . 
  he looks like a tool . 
  i 'll do my part , 
  the fp\u00d6 was founded by a bunch of former nazis , and still represents their believe system : pangermanic and german nationalist . 
  they try to hide these basic values behind a facade of `` nice , concerned guys '' but they are as evil as any extreme right wing party can be . 
  as a german : please do n't do that again . 
  1,3 is really shitty for germany . 
  most kids in lower secondary education hardly speak english when leaving school . 
  it 's better in higher education , but still far from good . 
  i do n't know a lot of finns , but those i know speak 5 languages at least . 
  the basic principle of eu funding is adding 1 $ to every 2 $ the state/local governments spend on certain projects in poor regions . 
  eu funding is roughly 30 % of every dm and $ spent in the east . 
  all east german ministries have specialists focussed solely on getting maximum eu-funding for literally everything they do . 
  this includes renovation of schools/museums , agriculture , job training for the unemployed , infrastructure , art & culture , science , education ... 
  these funds are drying out now , but so far we had a great deal . 
  i live in a smallish city that received tens of millions from the eu , so i can tell you that `` minor '' is quite an understatement . 
  sure , migration is a huge factor . 
  but it 's not the only big factor . 
  i prefer to see separate numbers for east and west germany , because the difference is huge . 
  in the east we were at 25 to 30 % unemployment during the late 90ies , and now we 're mostly down to 9 % . 
  that 's even more incredible . 
  the eu played a large role in this , btw . 
  east german states used every eu-funding they could get their hands on , to save jobs and create new jobs . 
  for a second i was really worried . 
  now i 'm just laughing . 
  those poor kids of him , though . 
  and i say that as someone ^ who ^ ^ does n't ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ ^ drink ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ alcohol . 
  no one `` flooded '' our country . 
  we deal very well with the refugee situation . 
  certain people are very mad about it , and they make their opion heard very loudly ( look up pegida , it 's your mindset ) . 
  they use their freedom of speech to demonstrate in public on a regular basis . 
  because we have freedom of speech . 
  how exactly do you get the impression that we 're not allowed to complain ? 
  you 're an american who has no idea what 's going on in germany . 
  i live here and i can assure you that there is no reason to worry about us . 
  in addition to that : a small percentage of refugees commit crimes . 
  we can not punish all refugees for the actions of some . 
  just like we can not punish all germans because some of the are murdering neo-nazis . 
  sorry , that was confusing . 
  [ i 'm talking about halle hooligans . ], 
  just because one of her friends wore a t-shirt that said `` kiel '' . 
  these people , along with dynamo hooligans , can go fuck themselves . 
  and where are your brains , seriously ? 
  ommelander not apologizing , he is stating facts . 
  whereas you are insulting someone for using a facts . 
  go back to your trump-subreddits and facebook-news , europe can do without your bullshit . 
  another big reason are all those scandals within the catholic church in recent years ( child abuse , one bishop spending millions on a new home ) .
