* `` these bastards did not even let me take spare clothes !, 
  ** resident evil . 
  i take the opportunity to apologize to all the dutch cyclists to whom i block the passage when i wander in amsterdam ... * ding ding !, 
  i always thought that the dutch loves cider . 
  i was wrong ... 
  red for me too . 
  nah , they 're fine . 
  ok , thanks for explaining . 
  what ? 
  when he slap a butterfly in france ( or russia ) it cause a hurricane in japan ... 
  yeah , but he who laughs first ... hem ... laughs first !, 
  ( hmm ... til it is not easy to invent sayings ), 
  [ battle of hastings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_hastings ) was more fun . 
  how do you not ? 
  nobody would have been born in the uk if not for immigration . 
  who 's next ? 
  thanks . 
  that would be a good idea in 2027 maybe , but not right now ... 
  is it the event depicted in the movie ** in the name of the father ** ? 
  that sound like a perfectly normal dystopia . 
  or sugar bombs !, 
  not anymore !, 
  i lived in paris for ten years and things are kind of like you described ; however , in all other big french city i lived ( a dozen ) , it was more like the london you described , without strict repartition of population and with more diversity . 
  it is one of the reasons i found paris a sad place to live , really ... 
  true . 
   so in france migration is easily associated with poverty and crime whereas in london pretty much everyone has direct experience with first generation migrants . 
  paris is not france . 
  well , yes . 
  i do n't know , we have a lot of free time here , and we spend it eating , drinking , sleeping and fucking ... 
  i know , 
  that did nothing to us . 
  big-game hunters would like that . 
  he has my francisque . 
  are n't they all ? 
  bbq . 
  yeah , ok , but what about dwarfs ? 
  cheese wisdom is lost . 
  you 're making things worse . 
  thank you , sir . 
  thank you . 
  this thread almost turned to complete madness . 
  are you me ? 
  no-go zones are made up , yes . 
  you should stop guessing and start thinking . 
  no matter what you read , no-go zones do n't exist . 
  ask any parisian , londoner or brussels if no-go zone are a real thing ( you know , the actual inhabitants of those places you think you know something about because you have a internet connection ) , the answer will be the same . 
  it can mean whatever we want because it does n't exist , yo . 
  rich russians tourists . 
  by far the worst in my experience . 
  but a friend of mine who works in luxury hostels thinks tourists from saudi arabia are even worst . 
  where is my carved dragon head ... 
  in the summer i work in restaurants in a seaside town ( cap d'agde ) , in winter in ski resorts ( les arcs , mostly ) . 
  i generally like italians tourists , they do n't act as if france was a theme park . 
  it will be my pleasure to serve you ( and to take some of your money ) . 
  nice try , but that did n't scare me  i want to visit the snorri sturluson museum and i will . 
  he will surf the seine !, 
  even the devil cancelled his trip to paris . 
  it 's true , folks . 
  we like their money , though ( i live on tourism revenues ) . 
  yep . 
  it 's like they have a hard on for all terrorist related events because they can push their shitty narrative ... 
  well , southern france cities are often full of people even at night time in winter , while in north more people stays indoors ... 
  i do n't know , maybe it can be applied to europe aswell . 
   me : i already regret trying to discuss with you reasonably so i will stop doing it right now . 
   you : and it seems you are n't really keeping up with the conversation unintelligible eh ? 
  man , you 're so defensive in all your posts , like you know you 're wrong but ca n't admit it . 
  stop acting like a pissed off teenager because i disagreed with you * one time * , and we 'll can have a discussion about the horrible things happening to your country , and the horrible things your country is doing ( because you know it 's the case , right ? 
  that would make the gaza strip the most touristic place in the world ... 
  please , try again . 
  also , the title is wrong , the girl was arrested and planned an attack in montpellier , south france ( you would know that if you had actually read the article ) . 
  so ... really ... 
  try again , diabolito . 
  that 's a very one-sided point of view you have here , avner * , and with a pretty dickish tone as a bonus . 
  i already regret trying to discuss with you reasonably so i will stop doing it right now . 
  i really wonder why all that happen to your country with such a high frenquency . 
  bad luck i guess ( i told i was bad at guessing )  * shalomalekoum * , avner !, 
  * do you mind if i call you avner ? 
  since you called me pierre for no reason ... let 's do stupid stereotypes together !, 
  no thanks , this is one of the most complicated conflict of our times . 
  so , no guess ... 
  i only wanted to pointed out that your comparison is exagerated . 
  and also that using the * `` i 'm not the only one to do it '' * argument is kind of lame . 
  you have my upvote . 
  this map of europe is not updated yet . 
  i think that weather is also a factor . 
  the king in the south !, 
  this will always be true . 
  what a great quote . 
   * france on edge again . 
  * nobody cared but ok , donald ... 
   having the highest amount of underage prisoners '' or blah blah . 
  yes , because you actually do . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  they also spilled liters of french wine they had already bought ... also confusing ( however funny ) !, 
  fair enough . 
  narrow ? 
  the picture here do n't give a good idea of how large the bridge is ( the romans had pretty good engineers * ) . 
  deep ? 
  i do n't really know . 
  deep enough , i guess ... * the greeks too ,
