and their club house is the nearest tipico, 
  i understood everything, 
  i 'm sorry , do we know each other ? 
  or did i just activate your biting reflexes ? 
  most ones i 've encountered were between teenagers when i was one myself . 
  only some bruises , maybe a broken nose , of course that was never reported . 
  not that unusual, 
  i used to be member of a traditional german students fraternity . 
  of course the local antifa hated all those fraterneties ( there were about 50 ) . 
  frankly , they had a late 19th century vibe to them , so i see where the antifa was coming from.well , cars burned , girls that hung out with `` burschis '' were pested and beaten ( those brave men ) but in the end , what struck me as symbolic was that jewish kid that hung around some fraternity houses from time to time . 
  seven or eight fully covered people jumped him one night , punching and kicking until he stopped to move . 
  lastly , he made it to our house at 6 in the morning where we called the police . 
  will never forget how deformed his face was . 
  coming from the countryside i have seen my fair share of fights , but this kind of violence was new to me . 
  bloody basterds, 
  cologne is overrated . 
  m\u00fcnster has n't been named even though it 's really beautiful, 
  are albanians really that disliked in italy ? 
  they seem to be good at italian , even the ones that have lived here since birth, 
  is n't vacationing cheaper for you than actual everyday life ? 
  i just came, 
  i can always tell the russian-germans apart bc of cocaine consumption ( no offense , just a personal experience ) . 
  best assimilated are imo polish and italians, 
  rural population is just as catholic, 
  you forgot my boy yung hurn , the new falco, 
  you guys must have an immensely huge kiosk lobby, 
  most of the satire is really awful, 
  alphaville would be a popular choice here, 
  when do people learn burschenschaften are only a small part of fraternities ? 
  do n't get yourself into trouble, 
  i 've come to strongly dislike our cabaret , but maybe that 's bc of their huge left wing bias . 
  catcher in the rye by j.d. 
  nice inside , this is how it should be . 
  thanks, 
  nah , i `` broke pears `` with a catalan and it honestly still devastates me . 
  this was just a lame attempt at a joke , sorry about that . 
  stop it with your goddamn catalan , it 's not even a real language !, 
  goddamn catalunya , why did you leave me ? 
  what did i ever do to her to deserve this ? 
  alarm f\u00fcr cobra 11 has amazing action sequences, 
  i grew up in a small town . 
  the first time i had hard alcohol was a cherry liqueur that i shared with my best friend at age 13 . 
  i stopped drinking anything but the occasional wine and beer at age 18 . 
  people have crazy drinking habits here, 
  bet he introduced himself as silvio until he noticed you were albanian too, 
  this guy knows it . 
  watch this film with your girl, 
  well to his defense , both e and a sound one and the same to me in catalan, 
  i could write a book about the absurd things catalans do, 
  making up for welcoming us in 38, 
  do n't you dare diss manta manta, 
  oh come on , german film ai n't that bad in general . 
  thank god there 's still some old people, 
  you looking for a civil war , mate ? 
  go to play ball in the park . 
  teach those kids, 
  served with mashed potatoes it tastes excellent, 
  delete this, 
  paul maar 's `` das sams '' books michael ende 's `` jim knopf & lukas der lokomotivf\u00fchrer '' and `` jim knopf & die wilde 13 '' among others i ca n't remember right now, 
  spain , since my ex lives there . 
  anywhere else is fine enough for me, 
  we have a football rivalry ? 
  despite last euros , i can not remember a single game we played against you guys, 
  the success or non-success of rb is irrelevant , they 'd be wrong anyway, 
  especially the folks that live there, 
  a dutchman , german and chineseman sit in a lone prison cell . 
  it 's a hot day outside and it does n't take long for a fly to arrive in the cell . 
  the fly first goes to sit on the germans shoulder and he , disgust on his face , brushes it off . 
  it then goes to sit on the dutchmans shoulder , and he is equally disgusted and tells it to fuck off . 
  afterwards it sits on the chineseman , but only for a split second , in which the chinese reacts superfast to catch the fly between his fingers and he swallows it awhole . 
  after a while , another fly finds its way into the cell and again , it sits first on the german 's shoulder , who immediately scares it away . 
  it then lands on the dutchman 's shoulder again , the dutchman , using his inhumane speed , catches the fly in an instant , dangles it in front of the chineseman and asks : `` wan na buy ? '', 
  you said it yourself , nba basketball beats everything else by a mile, 
  i like these , might be an unpopular opinion [ click ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ac/dresden-jenidze-gp.jpg ) and [ click ] ( https://www.bochum.de/c125708500379a31/currentbaselink/3ab411b4bcf02f4fc1257ed20030f1a0/$file/foto20.jpg ), 
  preu\u00dfens gloria, 
  i really do n't know about that , but i could n't find it with subtitles anywhere , so i guess not . 
  my ex had shown it to me some years ago, 
  what about plats bruts ? 
  you might think that , but only if you do n't have much to compare it to . 
  they had some hits though , without a doubt . 
  always bringing the catchy chorus . 
  they 're just not that good rappers, 
  you missed out on rich indian and arabic kids on segways, 
  dear foreigner who reads this , these pals are in no way representative of german rap, 
  dear foreigner who reads this , these pals are in no way representative of german rap, 
  how do you feel about de jeugd van tegenwoordig ? 
  i always hear them on the radio and think they have a great ear for hits, 
  my ex was a catalan from barcelona . 
  had a long distance relationship for 2 years until it was clear neither of us was ready to give up on our lives in our home countries . 
  she 's a great girl though and i regret nothing , was an awesome time, 
  damn , i did n't see the eastern part . 
  my bad, 
  really ? 
  that 's the reason ? 
  i thought they treated me like that to make up for 38, 
  amsterdam does n't live up to the hype, 
  normandy ? 
  i 'd advice against it , my grandpa went there and got shot, 
  slovenian caves are awesome and definitly worth a visit, 
  i 'm quite sure you were never in vienna,
