  well in munich they sweep bronze dust from their golden streets, 
  imo he 's not the lone problem . 
  werner and eckhart are equally as incompetent, 
  well who do you think did they suspect could be a possible threat when they signed up for this ? 
  you do n't really wan na know how many of those people were in important roles post-war . 
  how do you think did we manage to compete economically that early after the war ? 
  when we won the world cup in 54 , people were singing the horst wessel-lied in some city centres, 
  i think it 's interesting, 
  recep would have a word . 
  did n't you see the golden chairs ? 
  so diary products are better or worse ? 
  well , could that be the case bc they are predominantly young & male , especially compared to the rather old native folks in european countries ? 
  if you 're young and male , you 're much more likely to be a criminal . 
  i do n't have the stats rn to back myself up , but i hope this is common sense too . 
  not trying to say the migrants are not problematic , just saying you ca n't tell for sure if its bc where they come from . 
  for that you 'd have to compare them to natives in the same age group and with the same sex . 
  or filthy liars, 
  oh yeah , i forgot about those . 
  most annoying folks . 
  actually , amsterdam still is kind of lucky to not be prague or barcelona, 
  well be happy that amsterdam keeps the americans away from the really awesome parts of the netherlands, 
  that last part is the scary one, 
  summer in a sea shell , bears , mushrooms , nova gorica where the last french king was buried , ljubljana is beautiful but i still prefer maribor cause its more quiet , and so on, 
  and skocjan over postojna, 
  filbinger would be so proud , he 'd shed a tear, 
  do n't you dare disrespect the beautiful game, 
  homo homini lupus , right ? 
  lol, 
  beware of ottomans, 
  talented player , no doubt . 
  insane dribbling skills and has shown flashes of great passing , but being only 19 , he def needs to improve his decision making, 
  my question for you : if it all comes to pass with the referendum , with everything on the line , do you think there even is a majority for independence in catalunya ? 
  common enemy, 
  in some parts , it literally is a desert, 
  i get it , you 're salty all your friends moved up north, 
  i do n't think it 'll be a problem in berlin, 
  oh boy , you 're in for a treat, 
  have some mercy, 
  well technically he was also ruler of austria for 7 years, 
  well do you honestly believe they will get their shit together ? 
  even when merkel is gone i would be surprised if they score over 30 % again, 
  it 's all about who can remain in bed for longer, 
  also beautiful highways that no one uses, 
  what 's wrong with gravy ? 
  i 've been lying to myself all these years, 
  i 'm sure your internet is still faster than mine, 
  neither does paying the ruling government to be able to sell some tea, 
  but you could afford high quality alcohol, 
  no kristaps ? 
  im disappointed, 
  sssshhhhhhh dont tell em, 
  it is sadly true . . some of my own ancestors were involved . 
  they were cowards . 
  mostly knives and swords and this kind of stuff . 
  has been some years that i was there though , in a summer camp . 
  those people would sell huge knives to 13 and 14 year olds !, 
  crazy stuff, 
  they all have guns , and you can buy guns quite easily even as a tourist, 
  flair up, 
  okay now i get it , my bad . 
  i do speak some catalan and find people from the rural areas way easier to understand than people from barcelona though , but maybe it 's bc they speak too fast, 
  well some of those actually are another language, 
  he 's playing against his gf/little brother on fifa and has to pick bad teams , clearly, 
  only places in europe where nationalism is considered okay, 
  i love brutalism , but it should never replace existing architecture from the 19th century or earlier, 
  in germany as well , the east is beautiful today, 
  shahak shapira ca n't get enough of himself, 
  so you 're telling me this isnt kreuzberg in the 80s ? 
  sigh, 
  well , yes it was . 
  is n't selling us crap we do n't need enough compensation ? 
  dunno about dinxperlo in particular , but there are certainly gang fights in that region , mostly about who sells which drug where, 
  we should really have a discussion on historical negationism . 
  imo state should n't interfere with any academic field , including history . 
  gabriel has become a great strategist , touche, 
  in the region near the coast i almost died from 33 degrees and mosquitos . 
  a 1,5 hour car ride later it 's 17 degrees and raining . 
  so strange, 
  200 mg should overdose you if you are n't extremely tall or overweight . 
  in the case of mdma , it 's not that bad though , you wo n't pass out , just chew a little more or maybe throw up , which you 'll be entirely glad about . 
  can give you slight hallucinations then as well if mixed with some weed . 
  my personal opinion : mdma real harmless stuff ( only for guys though , most girls i 've known had unpleasant experiences ) , if you are in the right environment, 
  [ incredible ] ( https://youtu.be/elvsjkyreok?t=122 ), 
  would just mean funny, 
  greeks are our brothers though, 
  this is the bavarian police . 
  we have located you and are on the way to your house right now . 
  can you really judge them ? 
  considering their party 's history they had to take a swing, 
  oh look , the washington post got themselves an aleix now , too, 
  no we do n't, 
  well that 's certainly not debatable, 
  you got a source on that ? 
  we all love mozart, 
  did n't watch the esc and for a moment there i thought you were talking about the band . 
  wondered how they managed to fuck up so bad, 
  like our hitler then, 
  what exactly are you implying ? 
  it certainly had something to do with it before 1934 . 
  i 'd start a war about that for sure,
