  well that 's just cultural difference , for me it seems waiters in spain do n't give a fuck, 
  i think that 's actually a bad translation from a lower german saying , gon na search for it later , its a rather interesting case, 
  hold on , nabokov, 
  great answer, 
  i 've seen so many nice roads in slovenia , where the hell does this guy live, 
  yeah normally theres always some guy offering you weed, 
  catalans are crazy, 
  the girl who took my virginity was kurdish , so you might say i know them quite well, 
  that 's not racist , that 's just smart, 
  do n't be bummed , this guy should totally know who giannis is, 
  karl marx and martin luther are more famous than them i suppose, 
  damn , my ex told me people in spain carry both parent 's names so the inquisition could identify who was jewish . 
  guess that 's wrong then . 
  any spaniard cares to clear it up for me ? 
  if you like marteria 's work , you should totally listen to his other project [ marsimoto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfoagu1v7h8 ) , which is far more interesting to me . 
  people hate on it because he pays madlib 's quasimoto homage with the name , and they assume it 's just a bland copy which it is n't . 
  it 's awesome . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmtr-qbrhs8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4bnzmipce0, 
  it 's fucking terrible , everyone here only listens to that version . 
  and we live only 10 damn minutes from the border !, 
  the song is n't even funny in german . 
  god damn , are people simple-minded here, 
  only for hand-drying, 
  and the 93rd anniversary of the hitler ludendorff-coup , the 98th anniversary of the end of monarchy , the 168th anniversary of robert blum 's execution and so on, 
  recession ? 
  what recession ? 
  considering the cdu was utter shite in all state elections there really was n't much she could do . 
  makes you wonder though what will happen to them after merkel retires, 
  that made me so sad at the time . 
  steinbr\u00fcck really knew what he was doing , he was just in the wrong party, 
  well i 'm sure she 's gettin ' some attention like that , i 'm sure she likes that, 
  why `` sick '' if i may ask ? 
  when does he appear nervous ? 
  source ? 
  wow , what a redundant question . 
  forgive me , i 'll never have an opinion on anything but a politician 's actions and legislations again, 
  i 'm not people . 
  i do n't feel the urge to compare a lot of people to hitler usually . 
  in this case however , because both are dictators , making a comparison is viable , despite the obvious differences between the two . 
  the comparison is really more personality-wise . 
  putin might be an autocrat , but at least he 's no paranoid hysteric little bitch, 
  well of course they ca n't say it was the military that wanted to reinstate the constitution and democracy , because that 's what akp is supposed to represent, 
  in general you 're right , turkey is very much a different case though, 
  you misspelled hitler, 
  all the swedes in cologne surely do, 
  at that time not anymore . 
  what was left of the dutch fleet got absolutely shattered [ in this battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_camperdown ), 
  thanks so much for the insight . 
  i was in gracia some weeks ago , day 3 of the protests i think ? 
  anna gabriel was there talking to some people , the protestors chanted something like `` the streets will always be ours '' and attacked bypassing residents in their cars . 
  really disgraceful for people who deem themselves progressive . 
  i also heard about a draft of a catalan constitution that was presented to the parliament . 
  so does the government actually make progress working towards the indipendence ? 
  my last question ( sorry for bothering ) : how do you like puigdemont and how does he compare to mas ? 
  let 's be real , there really was n't huge competition in trade and navy strength even before the french revolution . 
  france were stronger than later on , no doubt , but britain was still dominant . 
  imho trafalgar is the more important battle for britains in the napoleonic wars, 
  what has been la cup 's stance on the protests in gracia some weeks ago ? 
  what 's actually happening with the new catalan government ? 
  my gf is catalan but too impatient to explain the details to me , i would greatly appreciate if you could elaborate on that, 
  waterloo was important for europe for sure , but for the uk ? 
  britains were undoubtedly superior on the sea , napoleon really had no business to try another invasion, 
  too absurd for a realistic series, 
  yeah but those movies usually do n't elaborate on the sexual prefences of their protagonists , unless it 's important for the plot . 
  i really do n't get it, 
  why does everyone need to be represented in a fun action movie ? 
  give me one good reason, 
  what would you change ? 
  what the hell is it with the guardian ? 
  lol, 
  look , this article is shite . 
  no need to get all worked up about it . 
  man , americans really have to learn that you do n't empower people by putting them on pedestal, 
  when the cl final was played in berlin i saw a heineken ad in spain that said something like `` when you go to berlin , you should take someone german `` . 
  i was so dumbfounded when i saw that , but i suppose it works, 
  when you are in the middle of les salines and it 's not a windy day , the walls of aigues-mortes reflect beautifully in the salt lakes, 
  both is true in both cases, 
  yeah catalans do in fact take their shoes off , at least some, 
  thank you , for a moment i thought i was all alone in europe, 
  this is the womend of the world, 
  guys , stop !, 
  it 's the only thing they can be proud of . 
  just give it to them . 
  i 've had this conversation a million times , they wo n't ever shut up about it . 
  just let it have em, 
  agricultural products is a nice name for cow shit , thank you very much for our healthy tab water, 
  then your history teacher was wrong , way more people were involved in the attempted coup in 1944, 
  i 'd love to see him do it as well, 
  it 's not my only subject , so i do n't really focus much on actually working as a historician, 
  my dad gave me ast\u00e9rix et le chaudron when i was an elementary school kid , it fueled my interest in the past and now i study history in university . 
  funny how it goes, 
  i thought it was hilarious, 
  humble as a spaniard haha that 's glorious, 
  nah , the mediterraneans do n't know how to drink ( no offense folks ), 
  you guys are all speaking the same language and share a cultural heritage . 
  you are also fucking dumb, 
  where was this picture taken if i may ask ? 
  gon na save this comment for late use, 
  yes, 
  in nrw , just sign up for university , which is around 550 $ a year , and you can use all public transport in the state,
