  if not that really creating distance , serious distance , and that can have an effect on whole balkan as well as on becoming part of eu . 
  first i dont think if that is possible right now . 
  there was idea to split kosovo 15 years ago on north ( to go to serbia ) and south ( albania ) but we didnt want it because kosovo is place serbia was born like 1300 years ago . 
  people also werent informed that basically we already lost kosovo because our politicians hid that as much as possible ( they are controlling media ) . 
  and when we did started talking , kosovo was already lost . 
  also even if it is possible i belive it woild be hard for serbs to accept , because that would be realising that kosovo is gone . 
  many of them still think we can get the whole thing back . 
  which means politician who does that will loose huge chunk of voters . 
  so i guees they wont ever do that . 
  us and europe citizens on this sub . 
  i cant belive how easy is for people to belive media . 
  they live in a lie . 
  for example i ve been in russia , china , us and in almost every eu country . 
  its all the same . 
  local newspaper spining stories for them and against their enemies . 
  there are a lot of people here thinking that media are free and objective . 
  they belive bbc documentaries and cnn news but ofcourse do n't belive russia today . 
  lot of them think hollywood isnt just one big propaganda and think china is dictatorahip for allowing only x hollywood movies per year . 
  none of them wants to use their head and start thinking . 
  true but i dislike how mn gov decided to join nato . 
  i belive its not democratic not to ask your people and call for referendum especially when last few polls were around 50 % mark . 
  it is bad , and as serb i ll try to explain as objective as possible . 
  to clarify your sentence `` to be closer to albany '' . 
  i hear a lot of mentioning of kosovo joining albany , therefore i talked to some albanian girls i know and they said basically young people dont want that but older + politicians do . 
  i really hope that isnt case because wound is still fresh and it can trigger events nobody wants . 
  i mean they wont say we want kosovo right away . 
  it always starts as getting closer to each other . 
  closer and closer and bum . 
  ok you got your country , fine ( not fine but meh , nothing i can do about that ) but now you want to join albany ? 
  that is like literaly taking from one country to other one . 
  you can say its not joining we just want to be closer to grow economy . 
  but as much as you think we are different , most countries in balkans are se in sense of people ( criminals ) leading each country . 
  and those people are hungry for power . 
  those are same people that did what they did in past . 
  edi rama basically said they want kosovo . 
  it is bad idea , especially because balian is on thin ice . 
  there is expression ` greater < input balkan state  ' which nationalist and extremist usually talk about . 
  you can google it . 
  greater albania , serbia , croatia etc. 
  its basically country + nearby land . 
  and with all us support albany and kosovo got wind in their back to achieve greater albany . 
  honestly whenever someone mentiones ` greater x ' its trouble since it is synonym to `` we will take your land '', 
  sadly yea , they have everything one independent country needs . 
  i know that corruption in russia is bigger than in most eu countries . 
  all i said is `` corruption and stuff '' isnt jsut russia things rather than most politicians . 
  and look at you . 
  china , russia and turkey have huge corruption , and eu & us dont . 
  how convenient that biggest us&eu enemies are so bad . 
  you dont mention saudi arabia ? 
  you dont mention south korea ? 
  oh no , they are our allies so they must be either perfect or accidental corruption . 
  get the fuck out . 
  no we wouldnt get arrested , but just because he is worse than some eu politicians that doesnt mean yhey are off the hook ? 
   please stop sucking putins dick . 
  you are so delusional . 
  just because i wont say only russia has corrupt politicians and us and eu doesnt makes me sucker of putin 's dick ? 
  i really dont like russia , like really , but i also dislike people like you thinking us and eu are perfect in that way, 
  what ? 
  i would love to see real face of us , when people protest about clinton family , trump and rest of money sucking politicians . 
  also spain , italy , hungary , whole balkan and many more europe countries are so corrupt . 
  first fix problems in your own yard before checking out your neighbour . 
  lol do you even hear yourself ? 
  us and eu awesome , russia , turkey , china bad guys . 
  worlds doesnt function like media are spinning . 
  us politicians are corrupt as hell . 
  jesus how many links to corruption did just clinton family had ? 
  or do you want to talk about trump ? 
  also half of eu is run by corrupt presidents . 
  whole balkan is corrupt , spain , italy , hungary . 
  please try to think outside of `` us & eu are perfect '' box . 
  i vote for `` xxpussydestroyerxx '', 
  that 's why we love you : *, 
  i like you . 
  yea i would love if some europeans or americans are as brave as russians to stand up against corrupt politicians . 
  its awesome that they are protesting but its hardly #justrussiathings when huge amount of politicians are corrupt . 
  look us , south korea , china , half of eu , turkey etc. 
  ok its massacre . 
  you say we did massacre during kosovo war and casulties were about 12k . 
  ok https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_war and how do you call your actions on middle east ? 
  where you killed more than 20 ** milion ** people . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-million-people-in-37-victim-nations-since-world-war-ii/5492051  this study reveals that u.s. military forces were directly responsible for about 10 to 15 million deaths during the korean and vietnam wars and the two iraq wars . 
  the korean war also includes chinese deaths while the vietnam war also includes fatalities in cambodia and laos . 
   the american public probably is not aware of these numbers and knows even less about the proxy wars for which the united states is also responsible . 
  in the latter wars there were between nine and 14 million deaths in afghanistan , angola , democratic republic of the congo , east timor , guatemala , indonesia , pakistan and sudan . 
  and talk about taking responsibility . 
  we took ours . 
  you ? 
  our almighty leader got son !, 
   its wrong that everyone knows mostly only about srebrenica . 
  most of the people doesnt know anything besides sentence `` serbs did genocide '' literally just read dude . 
  nothings wrong about srebrenica , its wrong making strong statements when most info you know about balkans in 1990s is coming from srebrenica wiki page . 
   and yes bbc documentaries arent objective , neither are cnn ones . 
  political documentaries are one morr type of propaganda . 
  just look what cnn is saying about trump or putin in their documentary while being silent about clintons . 
  totally objective . 
  again read !, 
  i never said they arent good . 
  quality of production is exceptional but there isnt objectivity . 
  not talking only about balkans events , i am talking about a lot of documentaries about china , russia or some other non western country events , documentary doesnt cover sides of both parties just ones west decided its true . 
  hmm if we did massacre how can you describe what you have done in middle east ?
