  can confirm 700k , thats a lot of dead people . 
  [ night king ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kagfj ) would be proud . 
  libya ? 
  i mean you can talk about everything but in regards of military invasions there isnt country that can stand toe to toe with us, 
  you would be surprised what good propaganda does in few years , but yes albany is real us lover and i dont see it leaning to russia . 
  this sub needs to calm down . 
  that 's perfectly normal . 
  its basically same shit when n1 ( cnn ) came to balkans . 
  us wanted their paper that will spread their influence . 
  russia wants to spread as much as possible witch is natural . 
  both us & russia have past filled with influence on other countries elections as well as military invasions , us is in fact leading in that area , and nobody gave shit when us bought tv channel , newspaper and online portal in sebia , croatia and bosnia . 
  true but we have terrible education because of criminals leading our country . 
  and it wont change until we get some minister of education that really cares in other words that isnt on position because of already mentioned criminals . 
  its circle that needs to be broken , and i dont see how will anyone that really does his job get on position as high as minister of education . 
  sorry mistyped , i meant eu prefer stability over solving dictatorship ( ehich is our current gov ), 
   resolving the chapters - corruption etc - plus the situation with kosovo should be nominally enough corruption will be solved when our politicians aka criminals get out of gov , but as eu prefer `` stability '' over ** solving ** dictatorship , and since eu is in their own crisis right now i dont see that happening any time soon . 
  as for kosovo , god knows what and when will be results from negotiations . 
   theoretically you could get there in 5 years , as long as there 's will on both sides . 
  kako to ? 
  try 50 years, 
  none of you guys protested because trump is corrupted since if that was the case you wouldnt vote for hillary since she is maybe only us politician more corrupted than trump . 
  if protest were about election system you should have protested earlier . 
  those protest were organised because you were disappointed that trump won . 
  also supporting bernie doesnt mean anything . 
  politicians are all talk until they sit down in president chair . 
  then you see their true form . 
  i ll judge bernie by the actions when he gets elected . 
  obama was hyped even more than bernie and what happend , i had such high hopes for him but he end up being on of the worst us presidents . 
  oh please i cant write anymore about this , you guys cant realise how bad situation is here . 
  here is a copy from while ago describing our recent elections and how liers , thiefs and criminals got 55 % in serbia . 
  mn is more less mini serbia . 
  `` i wont repeat myself , there is my reply here somewhere about current gov. 
  i dont ask them to bash him and to openly criticize him ( although lets be honest , if they really dont like aomeone in most cases they wont say it but from their actions you will see it ) , but also not to support him . 
  supporting him means they approve him and his actions . 
  now about his actions . 
  also huge amount of examples , i ll try to explain . 
  yes there was presidential election few months back and he won with 55 % . 
  now you need to understand few things . 
  campaign . 
  he has voters that doesnt have internet . 
  he controls all media with national freq . 
  example : during race he was 93 % of all political ads on tv while rest 10 candidates were 7 % . 
  every single media is praising him or spining news in his advantage . 
  before election he was our pm . 
  he also used his time as pm to promote himself as much as possible ( which is forbidden ofc ) . 
  opposition mainly used facebook for campaign , few of them had few billboards in belgrade . 
  so all voters in rural areas knew mostly only vucic . 
  suppression there were many ( i mean a lot ) of reprted cases where directors of state owned companies were forcing workers to vote for vucic or they will get fired . 
  this was really common among teachers and doctors . 
  if for example someone finds out you are for opposition , or you give statement against vucic you ll probably either get fired or downgraded . 
  bullying there were also cases of physical contacts where people would go from door to door and ask will you vote for vucic . 
  there were a lot of incidents where his bullies were stationed in front of voting place and check your vote . 
  bulgarian train . 
  expression that describes following situation . 
  how can be sure you voted for vucic and not just lie ? 
  well they give you ballot paper with circled vucic and you need to return brand new ballot that you got inside . 
  ofc they have official ballots in stash aince its vucic we are talking about . 
  700-800k missing votes . 
  in serbian records there are 700-800k more voters than it should be . 
  nobody knows what happend with them . 
  now since we are country where dead vote ( dead serious , couple of reports like this ) i would be surprised he took those 700k for himself . 
  since all that mess there , we cant count votes from there on the spot but rather we need to transport them to bigger city and count there . 
  security of those transports that carried boxes with votes were non existent . 
  this was confirmed that they switched whole vote boxes with boxes full with vucic 's votes . 
  old and stupid people . 
  on top of everything you have those people that are brainwashed by his constant lies on tv . 
  literally brainwashed . 
  also when they hear that eu and russia support him they are like who am i to say different . 
  8,9,10 ... , -  infinity but one of the most important things here is question : why dont you report all of this ? 
  to whom ? 
  he controls media , justice , courts , prosecution , police and military . 
  there was case with proven unedited video of vucic supporters putting circled vucic votes into sealed box . 
  police discarded video saying they were just joking . 
  and there are numerous irregularities in everyday contracts , money missing , forgeries ... and you cant do shit about it . 
  our president has fake degree . 
  our major of belgrade and minister of police have fake phd proven but prosecution simply wont open case . 
  we are under dictatorship and west and russia supports it . 
  i know they shouldnt interfere with local elections but atleast dont make it worse . '', 
  media man , media that are controlled by politicians . 
  educated people know but rest not so much . 
  slowly they realise but really slowly . 
  well tbh its not nice feeling to get your hearth of the country rip off , and i am as liberal as you get . 
  also albanians on kosovo burned down our history monuments and monasteries over 1000 years old so we kinda dont like each other . 
  one spark and you have war on your shoulders . 
  people in balkans are emotional , one bad politician on eithet side and you have serious problem on your hands . 
  huh , using `` peace '' with nato triggers me . 
  think russia will just back out so easly ? 
  as soon as current gov is gone , which probably got better personal deal ( money in their pocket ) from nato than russia , all hell will brake loose . 
  hope that isnt case , but i know balkan politicians and they side with whoever give them more money . 
  idk how familiar are you with mn gov. 
  they sre bunch of thiefs , liers and criminals . 
  much like us and rest of balkan countries . 
  they wont create decision based on professional opinions but based on personal pockets . 
  that 's why give them referendum and whoever wins wins . 
  you can say may all you want . 
  when pm of albany is already talking about joining with kosovo you can read between lines . 
  directly to me wont change shit . 
  i ll probably be gone from serbia by the time that happens . 
  but as you know balkan history all of us are really emotional people that tend easy to belive media and politicians . 
  war is possibility .
