  thats why i never defended it , but why dont you talk about hard death statiatics about muslim raids from city defended by un on serbian vilages around it that lasted for 3 years ? 
  first thing fuck off , saying things like '' serbs support mladic '' is so not true and clear that you have never been here . 
  only people that maybe still see mladic as a hero are very old uneducated people in rural serbia . 
  far low % of serbs to generalize on whole population . 
  second , like in every fucking war , stuff happens that 99 % of country doesnt even know . 
  people in belgrade and rest of towns didnt play part and did not support it , hell high % didnt even know . 
  third every story has two sides and truth is somewhere in the middle . 
  as someone who protested peacefully for quite a few times , can you tell me then how can you protest effectively ? 
  peaceful protest in theory are best but in reality they will just ignore you and since you need to work you wont be able to protest every day because of work . 
  ofc this kind of protest is also bad because of innocent people 's cars and shops are getting destroyed . 
  and i am not saying this is the way . 
  but those people whom they are protesting against killed so many innocent people ( only us has killed 20-30 million people in middle east in past few wars , russia did their share i am sure ) and generally people of us , uk and france are saying they are ok with that since silence is agreement . 
  i saw protests against gov only in russia and only sometimes in paris . 
  what i am trying to say people bitch about few shops and cars ( rightfully so ) but dont care that their govs killed so many people . 
  jesus fuck , you are idiot . 
  i ve never said it was cemented . 
  usually when someone tells you , you tend to belive , also i assumed they were talking in general , guess not . 
  also they were top of their class in one of the hardest faculty in your country and educated people tend to have more realistic view of country than uneducated people . 
  here is another thing about albanians , all albanians i met online are so angry and unpolite . 
  i meant i hope hell doesnt exist since that would mean god is real , and god is real and allowing all these sick things happening all over world , it means he isnt good , but very very sick god . 
  kosovo is territory from which serbia was born 1400 years ago . 
  they dont have territorial connections to kosovo , they have mentality connections since high % of kosovo populations are albanians . 
  but that is only for last 20-30 years . 
  before that they didnt have any connections to kosovo . 
  i am dead serious , i talked to exchange students , 2 albanian girls ( 20ish y/o ) ad they told me that . 
  i guess its subjective but that is what they said . 
  and they are pretty smart so i had no reason to question their word . 
  not just language , you have different mentality than rest of balkan as well as heritage . 
  also religion . 
  idk if i am wrong can you tell me some similarities with serbia . 
  they dont like albanians on kosovo . 
  normal people despite propaganda in our media . 
  quite unique as in not similar to any other europe country . 
  well tbh you are quite unique . 
  i mean , i cant seem to connect you to any other european country . 
  triggered . 
  how exactly are they two parts of an apple ? 
  i sure hope hell doesnt exist . 
  better him than hillary , although both are morons, 
  and where is poland here ? 
  dont belive single word that is coming from his mouth . 
  and i know that pm is female , but thats just a. vucic 's words coming from her mouth . 
  i belive currently more people want eu , but more and more people are turning to fuck russia and fuck eu , since both of them are hypocrites . 
  we should belive in eu as good system where one of the most important people , anglea merkel , is directly supporting dictatorship that is happening here just so we can have peace , but 0 free media , massive thefts by politicians , lies , criminal affairs i guess are fine as long as we have stability . 
  us perhaps ? 
  jesus fuck , how sensitive are you ? 
  he is heavily hated in serbia aswell . 
  idk i often read bbc + rt so i can get clear picture of some event . 
  western media ( especially us ones ) are pretty biased as well , just maybe not bad as russian media . 
  it is known . 
  true but i suppose that can be case for most of politicians since if everyone was focused on big problems our words wouldnt be such a mess . 
  i wouldnt say dicks but pride . 
  `` i will do it if i can '' same as for example slovenia was blocking negotiations with eu for croatia , croatia now blocks serbia in our negotiations with eu . 
  and lets be frank in both cases were just pulling dick out of their pants and showing them they block because they can . 
  politicians in nutshell . 
  dude honestly even if that is true , if one side tries to spy judge and other wants to buy judge , arbitration is not valid . 
  so what ? 
  i mean i need confirmation but i belive thay are fine with us aswell . 
  when i ve been to subotica i ve met a lot of hungarian minorities and they were super friendly . 
  i was commenting neighbours with whom we have some beef . 
  hungary is chill . 
  thats why there is question mark at the end of the sentence . 
  also most croatian say so and couple of slovenians as well so i guessed its true . 
  uh lets see , bulgaria , i suppose becouse of couple of history backstabbing . 
  my grampa always said , you can trust everyone but never a bulgarian . 
  ( bulgarians dont trigger pls ) macedonia was fine until they recognized kosovo as country , and now slowly they are suffering same fate like kosovo , being taken over by albanians . 
  albany , well kosovo and shit . 
  montenegro is fine i guess but our relations went cold after separation and they joined nato on top of that . 
  croatia , lol , idk where to begin . 
  and you probably know , but i need to say it , these `` bad blood '' relationships are undermined by media and politicians constantly on both sides ( mostly with croatia ) . 
   serbia is like that neighbour you do n't know much about , never speak to , but you have heard stories so you do n't try to interact too much either . 
  true love . 
  wait , i thought slovenia tried to buy judges ? 
  so why would this verdict be final if clearly fair play was n't respected on both sides ? 
  edit : finally some balkan [ drama ] ( http://imgur.com/0hqyd5l ) we are n't part of, 
  honestly from personal experience i think food quality can be quite different . 
  its same thing with electronics , cloth 's and shoes . 
  for example i paid ~ 70 $ for running shoes in switzerland , i use them quite often for running and they still last without single tear , while i change locally bought for same price shoes ( rebook or adidas ) annually . 
  same with quality of computer components , laptops etc. 
  it is known . 
  us 's sanctions wont be severe . 
  its like calling girl names just because she declined your invitation to a prom . 
  us wants their influence and gas and russia wants theirs . 
  its much better for everyone here to take russian since its 3 times cheaper . 
  will that mean more russian influence , yes , but its not something us can bitch about . 
  they can rant about gazprom being shady as fuck but their gas companies arent cleanest themselves . 
  also if they want to talk about shady gas comapany we can always talk about their shady weapon companies . 
  just the battle of influence , and why would eu take worse deal just to make us richer ? 
  ya didnt think you needed detailed explaination to get on which countries i am referring to , but nvm i tought baltics are countries around baltic sea, 
  ah , i always thought baltics are all countries around baltic sea, 
  by baltics i meant norway , sweden , denmark and finland, 
  see edit, 
  how so ? 
  sweden itself took a lot of refugees , norway , finland and denmark also ? 
  norway , sweden , denmark and finland ? 
  jesus i was so pissed listening to the interview , he is ` missing the point ' every time he has counter argument . 
  what kind of discussion is thta if you go in expecting to hear only one answer . 
  exactly , in theory it should work but realisticly rich/poor people will always find a way to show they are rich/poor . 
  smartphones , watches , accessories etc. 
  there isnt many becouse refugees dont want to stay in eastern europe , those are only transit countries for them and baltics + germany are destination for them .
