so there are some arrests to be made . 
  lol nope . 
  do you really think his people will arrest him ? 
  his men are on every top position in country . 
  support protesters . 
  he is controlling almost every single media , he is great at brainwashing and becouse of that he has support of elder population . 
  he is constantly saying that we are doing so great where in fact we are turning to slavery . 
  also noone can publicly see list of all voters . 
  by their math there are around 450k 0-17 y/o kids where in fact if you take statistics for past 10 years it should be around 1.8 m. 
  what happend to that 1.3 m ? 
  we had evidence where guy who is dead for 15 years is voting . 
  and if you try to file a report on this it will be denied . 
  he controlls everything . 
  media , military , police , law , courts and judges . 
  his men can literaly do anything and go away with it . 
  last year on the night of parlament election , major of belgrade ( with fake master degree like our minister of police , current president has fake degree too ) litteraly destroyed part of belgrade becouse of project belgrade waterfront . 
  year after still noone was found guilty , and av said he knows who did it . 
  but worst of all are america , germany and russia . 
  i dont know what does he promises them behind closed doors but its so convinient that all 3 publicly gave their support to him just few days before election . 
  they are saying we are heading in right direction ( like for past 5 years ) and for simple averge men that is enough to vote for him . 
  he is smart , crazy and thief , but smart . 
  he knows how to control average people . 
  he is calculated , and he can spin everything in his favour . 
  there are so many iregularities in this election system . 
  people selling votes for 1000din ( 8e ) . 
  `` bulgarian train '' , where they give you filled election paper with his number checked and you have to bring out blank paper that you got inside to prove that you voted for him . 
  he is constantly on media , if not as pm then as candidate for president . 
  huge amount of serious crimes havent been solved becouse those charges are against his men . 
  but when one of very few anti av papers said on cover that our major did commit crime and ilegaly destroyed buildings in belgrade he was charged instantly and had to pay huge amount of money . 
  situation is far from nice and eu , us and russia are ignoring him becouse of personal affection . 
  people got fired becouse they were seen on protest on monday . 
  many of them were treaten that they have to vote for av or they will loose their job . 
  these are student protests . 
  if we dont fix this now , we will be forced to migrate around the globe . 
  already huge amount of young people are leaving serbia . 
  its quite sad . 
  i told you , i very rarely see any post that critics eu . 
  whataboutism is used on your side aswell . 
  any time anyone wants to start some disscusion against germany or france you immediately start comparing to russia . 
  you are all hypocrites . 
  you all think russia is only country that spies while we all know that in this world everyone is spying on everyone . 
  who do you think organize that massive protests in russia on election day ? 
  i dont even like russia or putin but this `` always point out bad things about others but never adress your own '' makes me sick, 
   nobody said that this sub is . 
  any criticisms of main eu countries get you downvoted to hell and any critics on russian account get you to atleast 200-500 upvotes even if source is absolute garbage, 
  man i am talking about daily rusaia hate post . 
  its like daily hate screaming on picture of opposition in orwell 's 1984 . 
  ofc you should say something if russia does something bad . 
  but here russia and trump only bad things while europe only good . 
  yes it is , and so are thousands other anti russia posts here . 
  at this rate there are several anti russia post per day , while rarely see any anti france posts . 
  here people are hypocrites . 
  they love talking shit about china/russia/trump but hate to face their own shit . 
  what ? 
  meh he was but if eu & co sided with him they would present him as good honest and kind guy . 
  world doesnt care about truth they will eat whatever you serve them . 
  european countries arent saints like you assume . 
  in history of my country they funded protests in 1999 against slobodan milosevic . 
  second time was at beginning of wwii when serbia signed treaty to allow german troops to pass throughout our country , there were protest funded by uk and because of it we entered the war . 
  also i am pretty sure eu funded anti brexit protest in uk or any other similar protest . 
  thats what big forces do . 
  interfere into business of other countries . 
  oh just a daily putin bad guy post . 
  ok we get it / r/europe doesnt like putin , but lets not pretend like germany or uk or france never funded any protest . 
  why the / s, 
  also tradition . 
  i have family in italy and many times whenever you mention ice cream they you see pride on their faces . 
  for generation they perfected ice cream in their own way . 
  same with pasta . 
  i tried pasta all over world and all over italy but best one i tasted was made by my 95 year old grandma ( wasnt really grandma , she was more distant relative but i always called her that way ) . 
  fuck you . 
  i dont even like russia but you are shame to human kind . 
  if you have any sense you would perfectly know that people = / = gov or putin . 
  sick of europeans who think they are saints and they have right to decide whose death is rightful ... 
  i am not sure they ll be hurt so much and i see this trumps move more to calm down the masses than to sanction russia . 
  edit : i know sanctions were made by congress but i belive trump used this to try to make his rating go higher . 
  thanks , i am still bitter over that narrow loss ( 12-11 ) from croatia but they deserved it all the way . 
  3rd * but still true it was joke mate chill , 
  that is something losers would say / s, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  how in hell was that any fair election ? 
  you thing that idiots that voted for vucic voted for eu ? 
  they voted because they were told to or they were brainwashed by him to vote for him no matter what . 
  dont be libtard we dont need eu . 
  i was all about eu for past seweral years , but last two years opened my eyes . 
  eu is as much shithole as any other powerhouses . 
  if eu = true democracy then merkel wouldnt support dictatorship which is happening right now . 
  she wouldnt support 0 free media . 
  she would support all those thefts or crimes . 
  but she does . 
  until serbia changes it doesnt matter for us will we be in eu or not . 
  look our neighbor croatia . 
  going in eu helped on some local areas where they really wanted to change and young people that wanted out . 
  in big picture its all the same . 
  idk if eu is best choice but lets not pretend its all honey and milk over there . 
  same , but its not like any of us will be asked for anything . 
  if you look nation by their gov , then americans , french and british people are sick people since their gov killed so many innocent people . 
  i dont know single person that thinka what mladic did was ok . and i know a lot of people . 
  with 100 % certanty i can tell you that we are ashamed , but like in every country you have uneducated or just sick people . 
  even germany has prople that think hitler was good .
