  why `` help '' libyan protest and ignore venezuela ? 
  oil and interest . 
  summary of whole middle east conflicts . 
  edit1 : or even better example more personal . 
  when we had protests in belgrade against slobodan milosevic ( dictator ) they were fully supported by west because us & uk wanted him gone . 
  its known they funded whole protest . 
  but now when we protest against vucic who is even worse , you know what they do ? 
  ignore . 
  hell they even openly support him . 
  whole fking eu saying we are heading in right direction because they love having puppy state . 
  whoa , i agree with you with with some points , but you need to see difference . 
  its perfectly fine to feel sad when something terrible happens to country near by but what i am saying is that whole world , not just neighbor or similar country , goes crazy . 
  for example facebook ( international social network ) had french flag background for supporting france , and that was for couple dead people but is silent as grave for thousands and thousands dead children . 
  turth to be told , west is greatly responsible for wars in middle east . 
  led by us they destroyed countries one by one . 
  for example they ruined libya , beautiful country that i visited , because of ` unmerciful dictator ' and look at country now . 
  gaddafi dead , country in ruins , economy dead all because of oil . 
  and we do have double standards . 
  thousands are killed there on daily basis but when few of them are killed in paris , whole world is praying for them . 
  fidel castro was strongly against us , you probably know numerous times they tried to kill him , so they can have like you said puppet state . 
  i am sorry for not buying it to be mutual . 
  like i said castro and tito were really similar as they didnt want neither west or east , and look what happened to balkan post tito , is the same thing happening to cuba post fidel . 
  they arent allowing country to be neutral . 
   us realized that actively ignoring the country would n't solve the issue . 
  what issue ? 
  issue where they didnt want god relationship with us ? 
  or where they didnt want any deals , law or agreements to tie them closer to us ? 
  how is that issue ? 
   obama definitely played a roll in opening the country which is overall a good thing for both citizens in each country . 
  and tell me how did it helped country ? 
  their economy is still suffering , there isnt any considerable improvement . 
  and i never said obama created is , sure he played huge role but ofc it wasnt all on him . 
  i am saying he is far from `` good '' president americans and most europeans are considering him to be . 
  also that bidenbro is making me sick . 
  are we ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union we ** opened ** 10 of 34 and closed only 2 . 
  agriculture & rural development , environment , justice , freedom & security , judiciary & fundamental rights and foreign relationship are in very bad shape , and especially environment , justice , freedom & security and judiciary & fundamental rights because there is no progress there . 
  also there is always issue of kosovo where they will need us to accept kosovo as independent country and we will never do that . 
  whoa he wouldnt need to prevent iran in first place if us stayed the fuck out of middle east . 
  only thing i will give him credit is climate change work . 
  he really did shine there . 
  also cuba didnt want influence of western countries for reason , they dont like them . 
  its same for ex yugoslavia where we were part of unsorted movement ( no west no east ) . 
  but like in cuba now western politics were forced . 
  and if my count was correct while his presidency us was involved in 7 military interventions , and not single one on their soil . 
  us is by far biggest problem to world peace . 
  and obama did nothing in that area to calm middle east . 
  he only made it worse . 
  he was candidate for president , he isnt part of leading political scene . 
  hmm , official war criminals i think zero, 
  he is not loved ( like any other us president ) but from my perspective i really dont like him . 
  why ? 
  well truth to be told when he got elected i had high hopes for him and he turned into one big disappointment . 
  he was perfect for ` looking good on screen ' president . 
  but off screen he wasnt . 
  i will talk about foreign stuff since domestic isnt my place to comment . 
  he continued wars on middle east , he destroyed libya , from really beautiful country that i ve visited to bunch of ruins . 
  all because of oil , and excuse was `` bad dictator '' . 
  even last french president said it was mistake . 
  he launched airstrikes or military raids in at least seven countries : afghanistan , iraq , syria , libya , yemen , somalia and pakistan . 
  he was all talking about peace , and stopping war where in fact he created even bigger conflict . 
  relationship between us and russia was as bad as during cold war . 
  he even got nobel prize for peace , how hypocritical is that ? 
  and what makes me sick people cherish him like a god just because he was good on cameras , where in fact he is one of the worst us presidents . 
  i know you mean well and thank you for that . 
  but realistically we wo n't join eu for years to come . 
  our whole system is rotten . 
  our justice , military , banks , media are in pocket of 1 man . 
  and eu supports that man . 
  judges are so corrupt you want to kill yourself . 
  like , few years ago son of very important man ( vucic 's friend ) ran over and killed girl on spot with his fansy car . 
  he didnt get evicted , didnt even serve single day . 
  list goes on and on , i could spend hours describing it to you . 
  i would be pleased more if eu turns their back on vucic to show that they are against him rather than tapping him on a back and closing their eyes for everything that he is doing here . 
  dude our whole leading political scene are bunch of criminals and thiefs . 
  literally no exception . 
  it is n't realistic , because unlike usa where you founded whole country at once , most of eu countries have long history . 
  history of conflicts , cultural differences and different mentality . 
  simply put we are too different to be united . 
  obama was good president ? 
  cercei approves, 
  you are twisting my words . 
  i never said its next move as you are implying that sanctions are equal to loosing eurovision . 
  i am saying that  they are trying to fuck them up as much as they can on every available front learn to read, 
  lol be delusional . 
  by your logic why would movies made in hollywood be interested in politics if all they think about is art ? 
  and yet they keep having russia , china or someone from middle east as bad guys . 
  that is called propaganda . 
  eu was/is mad because sanctions that they applied to russia because of annexation of crimea didnt effect russia the way they hoped and aince then they are trying to fuck them up as much as they can on every available front . 
  and tell me one thing . 
  people that vote are biased and that is fact . 
  they arent voting for best song rather than for friendly country song . 
  why are votes from `` professional '' jury really really similar to people votes . 
  like most of countries were + -1 / 2 places . 
  thats because they didnt give a crap about quality . 
  first annexation of crimea isnt some random political conflict . 
  second you are saying eurovision where votes of countries are mostly decided with political opinion of that countries ( allies get 8,10,12 p while political enemies get low amount ) is n't political contest ? 
  and for you is unthinkable that , even tho country votes are political , judge is too ? 
  like i said too good to be true that eu founded contest is having russia 1st just to be replaced with ukraine by judge ( behind the scene ) votes in the middle of russia - ukraine ( and eu ) conflict . 
  also aus song was shit but made it to 2nd place because it was special guest .
