  because belive it or not , we are still in europe and eu effects us also . 
  for example , that moron merkel condemned vucic ( our pm soon to be president ) which indirectly said she is fine with vucic being dictator because he promised her god knows what . 
  ( probably that we will take more refugees ) and many other examples . 
  yea vote for true liberal who is pretending like everything is fine and wonderful , eu has never been better , system is working , we dont need change ... 
  and how are they different than those liberals ? 
  if left is so good brexit , trump and pen would n't be option . 
  system is n't working , current gov created this situation and crisis in eu . 
  not trump , not putin , your liberal government . 
  and macron is same as current president . 
  liberals wo n't change until they realise they wo n't win . 
  i am liberal but for them is better to loose now and to realize their mistakes and come out stronger than to put every problem under carpet until it becomes too big of a problem . 
  nope its not her time . 
  next elections or the one after might be since right now many french people will vote for macron to avoid brexit and trump , but when they see macron is same shit as current president and that nothing will change then they will reconsider right wing, 
  no no they are all for democracy , people deciding etc. 
  but when non liberal candidate wins , omfg why did you vote , you are fascist and so on . 
  i dont like her but i would vote for because i am sick of current eu , and macron wo n't bring almost any change . 
  better to gamble than to repeat same thing over and over and expect different result . 
  i dont know if you are familiar with lifestyle in macedonia so you can that easly choose sides . 
  i never support violence , but macedonia is slowly becoming second albania and some macedonian politicians want to partner up with them because of money . 
   the actual people , macedonian and albanian , are in their home praying those idiots do n't start another war true but also they dont want to loose their national existance . 
  for example look at serbia . 
  we are peacefully protesting for 3 weeks in all major cities and gov doesnt give a crap about us . 
  here , in balkans , only way to throw gov down is by force . 
  and although like i said i am against violence i would pay to see vucic 's beaten face . 
  i wont justify coup in macedonia but i totally understand . 
  i read that he ** isnt ** affiliated with them . 
  ~ ~ even vu\u010di\u0107 is affiliated with them ~ ~ ~ ~ lets not get too far . ~ ~ ups i read that wrong . 
  huh , not quite sure about serbia . 
  macedonia did accepted kosovo as independent country , which serbs did not like one bit . 
  yea sad for us that that is first association of serbia . 
  although i suppose you meant that as joke , most serbs are neutral about turkey . 
  we are in much worse relationship with croatia and albania than turkey . 
  and you dont know half of it . 
  but worst part is that he indeed has good rating among serbs , most of elder people and people that live in rural parts , without internet . 
  he controls tv and for example my grandma , liberal all life , is transformed to his supporter because after my grandpa died all she does every day is watch tv . 
  its literally brainwashing . 
  and we are one of countries in `` white plague '' and as nation we are slowly dying . 
  and on top of that 30k of best students go to eu , usa , china . 
  and rest of young people lost faith in politics since we got fucked too many times . 
  i am protesting currently but if nothing changes i will leave as soon as i finish college in 2 years . 
  i truly dont want to but to wake up every day and to look their ugly faces , no thank you . 
  dark times are upon us . 
  son of one of vucic 's men ran over ( killed on spot ) some girl in his expensive car , and to this day still was n't convicted . 
  helicopter fell while transporting little girl to hospital , no one survived , and no one was held responsible . 
  during pre-election period he was 10x more on our main tv channel than every other candidate combined . 
  year ago , on the night of parliamentary election , major of belgrade ( one of his men ) commanded to illegally destroy one part of belgrade ( literally buildings ) because of belgrade waterfront contract . 
  people who were passing by in that area ( in cars mostly ) were stopped and their phones destroyed by those who were in charge of destruction . 
  police was commanded not to answer to calls from that area . 
  prosecution is silent , single charge was n't file so far 5 . 
  same major has , it was proven , has more than 33 % copied text in his phd from other documents . 
  some sentences are from wikipedia !, 
  and he is still our major because college , where he defended his phd refuses to create special committee to investigate this . 
  our minister of police has fake phd as well . 
  our president ( soon to be ex ) has fake bachelor degree . 
  there are 800k more voters in system , we had pure evidence where there was call to vote addressed to dead people . 
  uncorrected video where they drop dozens papers with circled 6 ( vucic 's number on election ) just for police to say , they were just joking . 
  he is selling our land cheap and calls foreign investors to come and build factories here because of low salary demands . 
  young people like me are leaving this country left and right . 
  currently we have protests against him every day for past 2 weeks and main media with national frequency only started informing about them few days ago . 
  on websites , on tv channel 's very very poor coverage . 
  our main media channel said there is 2000 protestors when there was 50-80k of us . 
  you feel helpless , he has everything in his pocket . 
  he puts his men on important positions and he is controlling them all . 
  there are numerous examples but i dont want my blood pressure going any higher so i ll stop here . 
  i am not sure i quite understand question . 
  we had him as pm for 4 years and those years were filled with blocked media , stealing , lies , corrupted police , military and courts etc. 
  and we had president election few weeks ago where vucic took 55 % ( brainwashed old people + lot of stealing + dead people voting ) and now he will be president and although its ceremonial place he will put one of his puppets on pm and he will literally own serbia . 
  quite similar to turkey . 
   look at us , stuck with ~ ~ erdo\u011fan ~ ~ vu\u010di\u0107 for another 10 years , after what seems to be one of the shadiest nights ~ ~ turkey ~ ~ serbia has ever seen . 
  i feel you bro . 
  first part , punish if there isnt any justifiable explanation . 
  this isnt new , several countries have this in their law . 
  for diaspora its different , but ofter itronicly diaspora travels 500km for vote when people here dont want to travel 1km to vote . 
  second so what if you have people who dont want to vote . 
  now we had about 3 % papers with dicks on them . 
  but if 95 + % go and vote , most of them will vote . 
  then you will have 5,6 % of invalid ballots . 
  third i would also want that anyone over 70 years isnt able to vote . 
  like those under 18 , most of old people cant think . 
  do you know how many old people i ve seen . 
  dude cant even lift pen , his daughter is filling ballot for him and he is half asleep half dead . 
  i watched it , but you shouldnt belive everything that some dude say on internet . 
  i study computer science and it isnt that simple . 
  but none the less . 
  you clearly didnt understand me . 
  i said ok , other option is to leave this system but to create law where you must vote . 
  therefore you will always have 95 % + voters . 
  i dont agree , but still you could create law where voting is your duty and its punishable . 
  true but electronic votes whould raise votes below 25 years 3,4 times . 
  young people are too lazy to vote , especially those who came to belgrade , novi sad or nis for college , becouse they dont want to go back just bcs of voting . 
  first there are 800,000 more voters then possible . 
  we had evidence where guy that is dead for 15 years voted for av . 
  video where 2 guy in rural par of country are filling ballot box with circled av papers and they replaced original box with that one . 
  what police said ? 
  the were just fucking joking . 
  i was controller on one voting spot , and sns 's men were shady as fuck . 
  as soon as i go to wc they start talking to each other and calling someone ( you musnt use phone while inside ) , shady as fuck . 
  in rural parts there arent any control against vucic . 
  he stole so much . 
  but .
