  anyone can find reason when they look hard enough . 
  when its too good to be true in most cases it isnt . 
  like i said , most of the points given from countries are to neighbors . 
  like sweden gets from norway , denmark and finland , russia gets most from belarus , moldavia etc. 
  pretty much you can project how many points will each country get from others . 
  now `` judges '' are giving points behind scenes is as good as uk , france and germany ( founders ) saying who they want to win . 
  its too convenient as i said above for them to deny them first place with votes ( points ) that are decided by jury behind scenes . 
  if it was australia that was 1st instead of russia i could somehow buy that , but this lol, 
  lol like come on who are we kidding here ? 
  in the heat of russia - ukraine crisis where eu supports ukraine , russia leads and when judge votes come in , ukraine wins after all . 
  behind scenes is like literally you could have anyone just adding points as they like . 
  and since country points are given mostly to friendly neighbors i dont see any aspect of this competition being real . 
  personally i dont like it because its too much political for song contest . 
  i mean most of the time neighbors give each other max points plus last year they just add points from judges which makes controling it really easy . 
  like last year when russia was leading until judge votes came in ( i belive ) and lower them to 2nd place while ukraine took 1st . 
  in the middle of crimea crisis . 
  how convenient ... 
  nice argument mate !, 
  only russians have hackers ? 
  i love how only russians are hacking western emails , but vice versa no way . 
  what if pen 's hackers hacked his mails ? 
  she is center-left but what is more important she is core of this problem . 
  and if he does whatever she tells him to do , he will never change france for good, 
  you are going to extreme . 
  i am saying system needs change . 
  liberals had time for change for years but it seems only way for them to change is to loose first . 
  and yes i would close shengen zone until there is better ( any ? ), 
  solution imigration crisis . 
  yes but you know what is interesting about these liberals . 
  when they need to destroy true dictators they fail , but when they need to destroy `` dictators '' in countries with oil they always are 100 % up for it . 
  look libya . 
  beautiful country , been there awesome , happy people , te of my life . 
  until france with nato decided to make them visit to destroy that `` awful '' dictator gaddafi . 
  look what have they done to country . 
  ruins , why ? 
  because of oil . 
  even french president siad it was mistake . 
  those honest and peacful liberals arent peacful at all . 
  they are turning black eye on sa where women dont have any rights but yell at nk for being under dictatorship . 
  he can say whatever he wants we all know he is merkel 's good boy . 
  oh cmon with russians . 
  always russia , that big bad wolf , never your own government . 
  and its not like if pen is elected your economy stops . 
  people seem to not realize that president doesnt hold that much power . 
  look at us . 
  see any big shift in foreign or domestic affairs ? 
  nope . 
  he is keeping his country on their toes by creating farse about muslim ban , but those us rockets still bomb syria , still their medcare is shit . 
  same stuff in france , it wo n't change that much because generally presidents are puppets . 
  and pen doesnt have support of majority of parliament . 
  cmon , its not like she is hitler . 
  she is radical but not that radical . 
  and she would be on leash by parliament . 
  you compared it to suicide when electing right wing isnt literally one . 
  you can slowly declining for years with no end or decline little bit more for 4 years and then start raising . 
  liberals wont change until they loose , and for eu to be success they need to change . 
  lol how do you get those implications ? 
  hitler 's fault was doing all those crimes . 
  but it was england , france , usa and russia 's fault they didnt stop him when they could because they didnt want to solve problem . 
  if you are thinking about suicide -  life isnt good and you need change . 
  point still stands, 
  hitler became problem because rest of the countries refused to identify him as problem and let him get away with it hoping he wont go for more . 
  hate ? 
  kid do you even know what hate is ? 
  your peaceful president killed thousand people in middle east . 
  you among others destroyed libya `` from dictator '' and look at that country now . 
  from beautiful country to ruins . 
  because of oil . 
  even your president said it was mistake killing gaddafi . 
  your peaceful gov killed far too many people to be ever called peaceful . 
  thats the mindset why liberals will never change to better . 
  because they are counting on people like you to blindly follow them even if they are wrong . 
  i am liberal , but if you can elect pen and hold her on leash with parliament . 
  so liberals can see , wait , we arent doing such a good job , then they change to better and people elect them again . 
  lol butthurt ? 
  serbia sadly went to shit . 
  correction never dig up from pile of shit . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that macron wont change a thing . 
  france is heavens away from serbia , but you have much higher responsibility . 
  if you elect macron , thats like putting all problems under carpet . 
  and problems will go bigger and bigger . 
  then what will happen is , peopel will be sick of liberals and they will go right on next presidential and parliament elections . 
  now that is when you start having problem . 
  bad analogy . 
  better to gamble than to keep loosing your money exponentially . 
  and trump said he will throw hillary to prison . 
  its all act , you need to see bigger picture . 
  he is same shit as current president . 
  because he can learn from past . 
  he is typical liberal . 
  if you want we can bet , i say , since he will win , you wont see any change ( big ones atleast ) in fr for next few years . 
  he ll act like everything is fine . 
  no , you are the one who isnt smart . 
  its better to gamble now when stakes arent that high and when you can control her in parliament than to elect macron who wont change a thing oland 2.0 , and the rage in people will be much higher at next elections , and then they might give everything to right wing . 
  then you have a problem . 
  i am quite aware of problems in my country tnx . 
  i would spend next week writing down everything that is bad in serbia , but that does n't change the fact eu is n't working . 
  i love concept of united european countries but i dont like when liberals are acting like everything is fine , because they count on you not voting against them because other side is too radical . 
  wan na bet , since he ia going to win , we wont see any big change from fr in next years ? 
  it will be status quo,
