  you can already see differences between the french and us ( dutch ) let alone people around the mediterranean . 
  and even between countries in the mediterranean there are pretty large differences , put a greek next to a spanish guy and i 'll tell them apart most of the time . 
  yeah , but you 're saying there is no similarities between turks and ( other ) europeans . 
  which means you think there is a `` european '' appearance . 
  glad you 're backing down on that . 
  and no , you definitely ca n't tell the difference between a greek and a spaniard with any reliability . 
   thirdly you should read his comment some more since you assumed he was talking about eastern europe . 
  he said europe , that includes eastern europe if you are unaware . 
  how do you sneak in sharia law ? 
  1 law at a time ? 
  20th september , multiple wives allowed 16th november , execution for apostasty ? 
  people who stick out will always face discrimination . 
  why be a secound class member of the british ethnicity when you can be a normal person in turkey ? 
  even though its shit enough to not warrant a move now . 
  this . 
  man does not look turkish , the women do . 
  even the kids have lighter hair when they 're young , like ours . 
  also , royalty have genes from everywhere , you should probably use pictures more representative of a regular spaniard . 
  [ like this ] ( https://riskorleave.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/05_spanish_revolution_06.jpg ) those guys look like they could easily be turkish . 
   have a different skull structure than the turkish . 
   so no i do n't think there are any similarities with west-european people . 
  almost all of our genes are shared , so yes , there is some similarity . 
  he didi n't say nordic people though , would be good of you to actually read his comment first . 
  syrians are fairly light skinned aswell . 
  what happened ? 
  on r/turkey , aryan master race is just a kurd meme , it 's not used seriously . 
  explanation : kurd keyboard warriors like to pretend that all kurds are blond and european looking . 
  some of them even call themselves aryan . 
  so we make fun of them . 
  a bit of racism too , probably . 
  identity crisis for turks is n't as bad until you discover that we 're actually pretty hated in europe . 
  i used to think we were seen as kind of shit europeans and not as the brown people , until i started using internet forums . 
  just keep the turks away from reddit and it should be fine . 
  at least we 're not shunned as much as arabs . 
  i 'm assuming most of them are anatolian turks . 
  why would he try to assimilate ? 
  turks are n't accepted in western europe , he would just look stupid . 
   28 % expressed their sympathy towards adopting the islamic law . 
  wtf . 
  why do you care is the question i meant . 
  not the average egyptians , i would guess . 
  why are you this passionate about this ? 
  lol , not even his supporters want sharia law . 
  army still is n't even allowing religious people to join . 
  yes , he purged people , and replaced them with other secularists . 
  i get that reddit really likes the total doom view of things , as a spice . 
  but the army is definitely still kemalist . 
  just not as coup eager as they used to be . 
  risky click of the day . 
  mustafa kemal would never accept syrian refugees back from europe . 
  funny that you think you can force people to be your garbage dump by `` nuking them '' . 
  you have a screw loose . 
   we can what we are doing right now and put them into refugee camps . 
  the discussion was about stopping refugee influx , not accepting them . 
   and why would we gas them when we could in extream condition just return them to turkey . 
  and what do you do if turkey refuses to accept them back ? 
  nice downvote too . 
  literally no other way to stop them . 
  either sink the ships or start gassing them . 
  so really , this is why the eu ca n't do shit to erdogan . 
  blocked , aggressive troll . 
  i didi n't downvote you . 
  i agree with you , it 's just tiring that you seriously think anybody argues for erdogan 's turkey in the eu . 
  it 's a red herring , a distraction some people use here . 
  no one is saying a dictatorship should join !, 
  i swear this is a strawman everbody uses to actually avoid talking about turkish membership . 
  only a free and democratic turkey can join , that is a given requirement . 
  jeez . 
  when someone talks about turkish membership , they mean in the future when/if turkey is democratic . 
  this is obvious to anyone with an iq over 90 . 
   and even after you get rid of him you 'll have to restore the country to the values ataturk imagined for it . 
  quasi-fascist nationalism ? 
  haha , you know nothing . 
  that is absurd , you know that we are not completely different unless you 're really really ignorant , we are closer to greeks than greeks are to the irish . 
  just much more conservative . 
  i do n't want to get into an argument right now with all this shit happening . 
  an argument in r/europe is worthless anyway because people here are far-right , obviously they will think we are brown camel riders . 
  it 's the only real possibility of turkey losing land . 
  i can assure you that more than a chunk would abandon ship after something like that . 
  majority at the very least . 
  you are entitled to your opinion . 
  not that i respect it , its not hard to predict your political leanings . 
  obviously only a democratic and stable turkey would be allowed to join . 
  as for wealth , no doubt it will grow during periods of stability , but right now its higher than bulgaria and comparable to croatia . 
  as for islam , i do n't see your point . 
  well , you 'll be solving two problems in one , then . 
  what is the real turkey ? 
  in order to join the eu you need to be democratic and liberal , turkey will eventually be both , even if it might take a while now . 
  if you support the coup , there is still hope . 
  the secular elite wo n't go down without some noise , i think . 
  western nasheed fans ? 
  germany saving the day would be pretty awesome for our secular turks . 
  why ? 
  we are n't that bad . 
  edit : obviously we will only join when we have a totally democratic state . 
  that 's a given . 
  stop downvoting now . 
  obviously people are saying this about liberal democratic turkey , not whatever this is . 
  who knows what will happen though . 
  kurdistan maybe , but the other two , no way .
