  i do n't see anybody justifying the death of british civilians . 
  sizable population is independant from other populations there . 
  what i mean is that the ottoman empire was super mixed throughout its history and nationalism resulted in the expected massacres . 
  armenians were n't the only victims of this . 
  oh , i thought we were just moving turkey not becoming russians !, 
  ayran 's name changed to kumys , got it . 
  now what ? 
  ok now what, 
  why yur triggerd ? 
  is just reddit, 
   why would you want us to lose anyway ? 
  hurr durr mooselambs, 
  everybody was fleeing your shit country lol, 
  turkey has no responsibilty to keep those syrians in our borders . 
  a real leader would have helped them all to europe . 
  excuse me the correct pronoun is poc african-american human . 
  turkish yoke best yoke, 
  lol , our territory on this map actually grew after ataturk was done with it . 
  serbia barely survived their round of going apeshit , so we 'd probably survive . 
  well look again , ecksdee, 
  both greece and syria is on the mediterranean and have shit economies , that means they 're the same !, 
  name checks out . 
  at this point we 'd take an equally sized piece of land in siberia just to get away from these syrians and kurds . 
  i can sell it for 1 packet of baklava , it might satiate my burning desire for 4 minutes . 
  lol , why would it be understandable ? 
  sizeable population ? 
  pretty much most of the ottoman empire . 
  i would n't think he was greek either . 
  some greeks get triggered but that 's the extent of it . 
  his obsessive posting reminds me more of a kurd . 
  yup , the cleansing of turks and germans are somehow `` justifiable '' due to collective guilt . 
  * steals wallet *, 
  ahmed do n't you have welfare checks to collect ? 
  clash of civilisation logic , worrisome that even fairly rich countries have this kind of human garbage . 
  are you new to the balkans shithole ? 
  a lot of them are like this . 
  hell , turks would be this salty too if we did n't just keep on winning everything . 
  we lost a bunch of land too . 
  nationalist awakening always ends up in a bloodbath . 
  shh, 
  those greek heathens drink raki without water , do n't do it mate . 
  not true lol , r/worldnews is anti-turkish . 
  r/europe occasionally gets brigades by you-know-what but that 's it . 
  there is a big difference , but yes , eastern turks are more middle eastern . 
  hehe, 
  no shit , it would have been another balkans/circassia . 
  come on dude , its too obvious . 
  agenda pushing 101, 
  what a rabbit hole . 
  that 's super weird to us . 
  2014 was the last time i was in istanbul , and honestly i did n't see all that much of a difference . 
  i did see a ton of niqabs at the airport , but i think that was international travelers . 
  well played, 
  most turks also associate southerners with cowboys , so that 's another positive, 
  dumb , does n't know shit , friendly, 
  it 's true though , no need to be sour over it . 
  no people no terrorism, 
  that confused them, 
  english is complicated as fuck to learn for anyone who does n't know it . 
  i 'm not talking about some kind of church latin obviously . 
  lol , you are delusional . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people we are the real natives , and no matter how much you wish , it will never be true that the hellenized natives of anatolia ( the real rulers of byzantium ) are greek . 
   that 's what the ottomans thought before the balkan war when a country of 2.5 million people went all the way to angora in just a decade against a country of 25 million . 
  the good thing is , greece is never alone while all your neighbouring nations are waiting for the time to strike , return the favour and claim their anchestral lands back from their occupiers and usurpers . 
  so greece and armenia is `` waiting to strike '' ? 
  against a huge army ? 
  have you forgotten how your previous invasion ended up ? 
  with support from the rest of the world , you still got thrown into the water . 
  anyway , i 'll be reporting you to the admins , i 've taken screenshots so do n't bother trying to get away . 
  genocidal rhetoric is not welcome in r/europe . 
  anatolia is indeed a greek word , for a land inhabited by anatolians , colonised by greeks . 
  these are simple facts , unless you deny the existence of anatolian cultures . 
  we are the natives of this land . 
  and good luck with your threats of violence . 
  greece is a pathetically weak country , even if you 'd manage to get most greeks behind your ridiculously unrealistic and third worldesque ideology . 
  yes but they got curly hair . 
  i think the study of a complex language contributes to the intelligence of children , english is complicated , latin less so and much more neutral . 
   you should cause greece as an idea was invented by the ancients . 
  uh , i do n't think peninsulas were invented by ancients . 
   because you 're not looking . 
  invasion and massacres are not multiculturalism just like the destruction of carthage was not peace . 
  so you agree that the greek conquest of anatolia was n't all that great ? 
   that 's what the ottomans thought and look where it got them . 
  where ? 
   no , you 're not greeks and as such you have no place on greek , armenian or kurdish lands . 
  i 'm glad we agree . 
  and greeks , armenians and kurds have no place in anatolia . 
  sweden is going to shit , turkey is going to shit , many other countries are going to shit . 
  what is the picture supposed to accomplish ? 
  okay , i do n't care about the ancients . 
   any book on the history of anatolia from the 11th to the 17th century will erase any doubts . 
  hmm , i only see literal multiculturalism , with a bit of suppression on top . 
   the lands you step on have greek names , being founded by greeks just like athens and thessalonica . 
  conquest is temporary as the ottomans found out cause the history of the area is eternal and serves as a testiment to whom it belongs . 
  it is naturally imprinted in the collective unconscious of the people , the centuries being unable to wash it way . 
  yup , and many cities are founded by turks too . 
  pretty much all buildings are constructed by us too . 
  therefore it 's ours eternally now !, 
   i agree though that `` crying '' is meaningless , progress is achieved only with an iron fist and determination to following your destiny by continuesly defying the odds . 
  what are you going to do ?
