  most users probably think we live in a desert . 
   would be brigaded by / r/t _ d. 
  i doubt they ever exit their basements . 
  turkey could have the most democratic and peace-loving government on earth , but europe would still pull this shit . 
  close incirlik , we are no longer allies anyway . 
   turkey openly threatens greece with armed forces intervention in the aegean a tweet by an mp . 
  great fact checking buddy . 
  i doubt it would matter in a nuclear war . 
  muslim country, 
  shhh , do n't interrupt them !, 
  erdogan would be gone if we joined the eu right now . 
  i am very surprised at how many people are unlikely to accept a democratic , secular and rich turkey though , guess its down to islam or something . 
  the turk has no friend but the turk . 
  serbia is n't europe in the same way germany is europe . 
  there is obviously a difference , especially when it comes to this topic . 
  sorry , we 're too busy forgetting its existance . 
  we didi n't take anatolia ... 
  these `` vibrant areas '' are poor , that 's why . 
  immigrants are also `` fleeing '' them whenever they can afford it . 
  why are there so many clueless americans without flairs recently ? 
  / u/420shibe 's post history is hilarious , it 's like he took some drug that lasts for years . 
   `` here 's my chance !!! '', 
  we should found new turkey on the moon , without islamists this time . 
   `` us '' , serbian flair does not compute . 
  must be true , considering it shows * romania * as above us . 
   german-turkish, 
  nah it looked really weird , like a south american city . 
  and the people had very arabic names . 
  also not enough kebab . 
  except some byzantine emperors were from anatolia . 
  byzantium is eurasian not european , like us . 
  europe was another word for thrace back then . 
  like africa for libya . 
  that 's strange , because they forgot about albania and kosovo ( the state they created ) aswell as us and azerbaijan , though we 're not completely european . 
  i do n't believe you at all , you 're basically claiming that the west as late as the 90 ` ies was in favor of exterminating european muslims while at the same time bringing in thousands of muslims from the middle east themselves ? 
  sick burn, 
  that is the nicest thing any europeans can think about us . 
  : ddd, 
  lol , we 're whiter than you greece . 
  also it 's funny how you can see where kalmyks and tatars live . 
  oh , polish people made dying light ? 
  that explains how they managed to fuck up the setting . 
  good game though . 
   want to back up your own statements ? 
  none of my comments are removed . 
  your first comment is removed for me , mods clearly do n't like you and you 're not welcome in r/europe . \u00a8  a quick google search will reveal that turkey is asia . 
  you must know that . 
  same with cyprus and the caucasus , beside the split between continents is a arbitrary and a spectrum . 
  no one denies that we 're asian , no one denies that we 're european either . 
   add to your long list of insults is now a shit-slinging alt-righter . 
  you are very mad , are you not ? 
  i refrain from insults and you hurl them like you do n't know better . 
  you know the truth and still you want to be european so badly . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  you even spend your new years eve writing angry comments and try to prove you are european . 
  this is really pathetic , it reads like an autist . 
  you really want us to be non-european and 100 % arab , it 's really sad that you spend any time commenting this irrelevant shit on a picture of turkey , you must be really angry and triggered by our presense here . 
   is turkey geographically european ? 
  yes , turkey is geographically eurasian . 
   is turkey religiously european ? 
  yes , islam has existed in europe and the balkans for over a thousand years . 
   is turkey culturally european ? 
  do you seriously think greece and bulgaria is more similar to denmark than turkey , culturally ? 
   is turkey ideologically european ? 
  not sure what this means , but considering how right wing and undemocratic most europeans actually are ( including us ) , i 'm going to say yes . 
   is turkey historically european ? 
  if the ottoman empire and byzantine empire is n't european ( more accurately eurasian ) , i do n't know what they are . 
   is turkey ethnically european ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  race ? 
   you know the answers . 
  stop trying to fool yourself . . 
  indeed , seems like you do n't . 
   bonus question - is there even 1 thing that affiliates turkey with europe ? 
  all of the above + nato and right-wing takeover . 
  indeed , people have learned that europe is surrounded by scum on all sides . 
  hagia sophia is literally in europe , so username checks out !, 
  your comment is hilarious , it 's like a 15-year old who had an `` epic speech '' assignment or something . 
  want to back up anything you say with proof or ? 
  i do n't really feel like debating an alt-righter who only knows how to sling shit . 
  electro-n strikes again !, 
  you 're the one throwing a tantrum and spamming me with `` ahahaha yur nut europen '' as if a single person from the corner of europe gets to decide that . 
  that 's literally your only `` argument '' . 
  people like you do n't belong in r/europe , as evidenced by the removal of many of your comments . 
  electro-n strikes again !, 
  and how do you know my opinion on the armenian genocide ? 
  oh that 's right , you do n't . 
  dumbass . 
  get the fuck off r/europe . 
  or do n't , and keep being downvoted . 
  beside , why would not accepting a certain historical view make anyone uncivilized or change cultural groups ? 
  more like you are uncivilized ( being a [ cancerous dane ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/news/8277418/why-is-denmark-the-cancer-capital-of-the-world.html ) after all ) for not accepting different views , like i do . 
  source for this honestly outrageous statement ? 
  i 'm not aware of killing any armenians , if i have then yes , i apologize and will try to figure out how it 's possible without my knowledge . 
  and there it came , the frustrated ad hominems . 
  how do you know that someone thinks they 're a potato ? 
  they sit still all day and do n't say anything ? 
   ` thought she was a potato ' i do n't know why this is so funny to me . 
  what 's the point of this comment ? 
  electro-n strikes again !,
