  also ban pets , people get bit by them . 
  do n't forget putting pillows instead of asphalt so people do n't get hurt when they fall !!, 
  scratch that , just ban anyone going outside , also ban ovens and gas heating !, 
  ! 11 think of the children !!, 
  yes , many turks temporarily migrate to countries in eastern europe to study because it 's just as good as turkish universities but much cheaper in every way . 
  we hate everyone, 
  hmm , i 'm pretty sure anatolia is originally anatolian , like we are . 
  meem , meme sounds like boobs in turkish . 
  err , i would n't call that a case of `` remaining in power '' . 
  nah , people would look at you weird though . 
  do stay away from booze in public places though , that 's just dumb . 
  i do n't think the refugee crisis has ruined our reputation . 
  other stuff ( you know what i mean ) has kind of made us look alot worse . 
  bleh , no way . 
  cars are awful to sit in for more than 20 minutes . 
  turkey , azerbaijan , greece , russia , germany , france , spain , italy , britain , sweden . 
  i feel '' `` pride '' '' if you could call it that over the history of the anatolian people and how we basically headed two of the most powerful empires in history for like 1500 years . 
  as for buildings , i didi n't build it so ... 
  last sultan was mehmed vi , he was exiled and died in italy . 
  no one cares about him . 
   except for population . 
  i was about ready to find you irl , but you corrected yourself !, 
  people are kind of racist in the way that they basically have this view of blacks as being socially inferior , i.e everybody treats them badly and they 're disliked in western society . 
  alot of jokes are towards that extent . 
  but i would n't say most people are necessarily negative towards black people though , especially people who 've seen roots where the slave was a muslim . 
  netherlands is the most different european country . 
  it 's just very disturbing how they are okay with so euthanasia for people with mental disease . 
  that would never fly here . 
  also their chill attitude to stuff is basically the opposite of turkey . 
  as for non-european , probably something like bhutan . 
  only similarity is mountains . 
  i mean you guys already have troops in korea and afghanistan ? 
  i do n't know too much about american politics but trump probably wants to look like he 's not a russian toady . 
  finland does n't actually exist , but that 's not really a conspiracy it 's just called a conspiracy by the fishing industry . 
  no , i do n't really think that way . 
  let us in sempai please save us, 
  why ? 
  why not ? 
  fairly standard beauty-wise . 
  but most people tend to go for foreign looking women since they are much easier than turks , lol . 
  i have no idea what she was up to tbh , she 'd look attractive without the beard . 
  do n't really care too much , unless they come in huge numbers like the arabs have recently . 
  there are a shitton of foreigners living in istanbul that do n't really conform , and that 's just fine by us . 
  most of the foreigners coming here are very fond of turkish culture however , so that 's another reason why they might not be as annoying as some immigrants in the west are . 
  it 's probably the most powerful malicious organization there has ever been , so he 's technically correct . 
  nazis or stalin didi n't own ( or have the potential to own ) that big of a share of the worlds power and gdp . 
  motherland, 
  agreed , people are being russophobic as usual . 
  just move along . 
  topkek , i misread the title . 
  cyprus edit : i fucking thought it was `` non-european country '' , fuck me . 
  insult both ataturk and islam regularly , we love some bantz . 
  also if you 're in istanbul make sure to constantly remind people you hope the people are shot in the back of the head by neo-crusaders at some point in the future . 
   plenty of far more hated leaders have remained in power . 
  such as ? 
  its pretty hard to rule when 50 % hate you , even harder if you take away democratic means to take you down . 
  most regular turks on reddit use r/europe and r/askeurope too , if you were n't aware . 
  honestly , even after so many years of total control over what is fed to our people , and playing literally every card there is , including finally attacking our allies . 
  even after all of this , he had to cheat to win . 
  i doubt he will last long . 
  so really , it could have been worse . 
  i feel fine , just slept badly last night . 
  not due to ww2 atleast . 
  edit : of course the whole holocaust thing is seen negatively , but no one really cares about that since it was so long ago . 
  i do n't care really , unless they drop it on civilians . 
  just big and the harem stuff, 
  most asian country in europe, 
  it was topkapi , just due to how ridiculous it was . 
  jeez what, 
  they kinda take liberalism to the extreme , with people being able to request assisted suicide for mental suffering and so on . 
  makes me shudder honestly . 
  scandinavia is pretty different too , but the other two are n't as distant as the former ones . 
  i feel bad for the poor syrians that ended up in slovenia , genuinly seems like a nasty place for them . 
  from what i 've seen , the nationalist right wing is sort of outnumbered pretty hard . 
  so do n't worry until you get to our level of polarisation . 
  unstable politics, 
  i ate eggs tomatoes sucuk and feta on dark bread, 
  nah , might visit but roadtrip just sounds horrible . 
  we 're not used to sitting in a car all day like some americans might be . 
  it 's called the european union . 
  i do n't see any problem in changing it 's name and including other continents though , but that would have to be far in the future . 
  that 's like saying that the ottomans were exclusively european because the asian territories were peripheral compared to rumelia . 
  or that byzantium were exclusively asian because the balkans bit was peripheral compared to anatolia . 
  russia is obviously european though . 
  well , not africa but the middle east . 
  that line didi n't exist until fairly recently anyway . 
  it was just islam vs christianity , and later varying degrees of `` oriental '' . 
  well , yours was a bit more recent . 
  i do n't see any french still salty about the occupation of paris , unlike serbs who are salty about basically their whole history . 
  nah , that 's not because we hate eachother . 
  it 's not fair to give ottoman heritage exclusively to turks , greeks were a huge part of it too and the coffee can accurately be called both greek and turkish coffee . 
  turkey and greece is mostly fine tbh . 
  we do n't have any specific rivalry but rather just a massive amount of salt ( like all ex-ottoman states ) combined with sevres syndrome and national narcissism . 
  yeah maybe a bit . 
  usually among ultra-nationalists . 
  lol , have you been to east/south east europe at all ? 
  if you look at usernames , most of the people in the islam related threads are not the same as the normal users . 
  t_d and other americans pour into those threads , often disguised with european flairs , or just downvoting anything going against the circlejerk . 
  benelux, 
   general opinion of americans,
