  really bad , and it 's not confined to any specific political group . 
  kazakhstan greatest flag in the world, 
  r/turkey politics is mostly english tbh , but shitpost = bokpost , literal translation . 
  nah , we can control the bulgarians , serbs are too scary . 
  : ddddd, 
  serbs are n't allowed !, 
  this is a kebab-in-peace zone !, 
  might aswell include bulgaria and macedonia too then , for maximum effect . 
  azerbaijan , or if we really really stretch it and adopt some kind of hellenoturkist neo-byzantine shit , cyprus and greece . 
  afd voter lol , yeah about that ... 
  hide yo kids hide yo wife, 
  go for a medium sized city in germany . 
  or something like munich . 
  we are the experts of moving to the west , trust me . 
  all of it . 
  wells are free , so why not . 
  you can drink it in certain cities i guess , but even there people do n't drink it . 
  * synth music starts playing *, 
  no , only a few words . 
  no that 's craggy island . 
  u.s.a translated . 
  lol , gayhindu is back !, 
  can you please see a doctor about that inferiority complex you have ? 
  to answer your question , migrants from both europe and the middle east is welcome here , unlike indians they actually can blend in somewhat . 
  they do cause a bit of trouble but we have way bigger problems right now than syrians . 
  another issue for our left is that they are likely to vote for erdogan , so leftists do n't like the fact that they 're given citizenship so easily . 
  yes , the pavement was soft , windows steamy and basically everybody was suicidal . 
  you can use thick blinds to shut the house down completely and turn on the ac , so inside was n't too bad . 
  a shitton of good street food . 
  the reis , the kayser , the legend of course . 
  even as a heterosexual . 
  it uses alot of `` eeh '' if that helps . 
  i do n't have any samples . 
  which accent is the high-pitched one ? 
  or is that just people i know making fun of spaniards ? 
  i prefer turks but i do n't mind anyone . 
  what 's wrong with our women ? 
  izmir , the west coast basically . 
  fiat , cuz i 'm in turkey . 
   its not like turks can migrate to eu so easily , you misunderstand , it 's that turks do n't want to emigrate to * slovenia * , neither does anybody else . 
  you can rest easy . 
  do n't worry , we are not coming to slovenia . 
   it 's a geographical fact . 
  turkey , on the other hand , is barely considered european . 
  and ? 
  we ( and you ) are still not western european . 
   dacia dude , dacia . 
  this is hardly the same thing . 
   well , that says very much about you . 
  all i need to know , in fact . 
  it 's 2017 and your country is run by a dictator . 
  your country is full of terrorists and you 're all throwing temper tantrums because the eu wo n't allow you to be a member . 
  but yeah , romania , who 's economy face the highest growth in the eu , is definitely worse . 
  salty east `` european '' detected . 
  when was this about turkey ? 
  yeah we 're shit but atleast we 're not pretending to be west europeans because our own civilization has no value . 
  edit : also funny to see you arguing about the eu when most of it describes romania 's entry as a `` mistake '' , and britain left because of you ( and us , incidentally : ddd ) . 
  i think you should read the rest of my comment too . 
   who said it is ? 
  or that it needs to be ? 
  all east europeans whose only joy in life is technically being part of the same continent as west europeans . 
   you do n't know anything about romania so move on . 
  romania didi n't even exist for most of history . 
  i only know that its a crushed bug of a nation , that 's all i could care to know . 
   yeah . 
  the grand ottoman empire who , for example , did n't allow anyone under its rule to adopt the printing press . 
  or , you know , be civilized generally . 
  this thread is n't about the ottoman empire . 
   eastern europe put their fair share in developing european civilization and defending it . 
  err , if you mean romania then i have bad news for you ... east europe is not the same place as western europe , it 's time to accept it . 
   yours did what exactly ? 
  and how is turkey doing today ? 
  our ancestors were the main players in both the byzantine and ottoman empires , if you think your gypsie people can compete with that , good luck . 
  as for developments ? 
  just a bunch of war technology , so nothing really important . 
   russia is nothing like you . 
  as in not really being part of a continent . 
   russia is literally the only country alongside belarus to 100 % fit the term eastern europe . 
  turkey is an asian country with european colonies , russia is european with asian colonines . 
  this is not relevant to the conversation , you can find plenty of material on why turkey is partially european if you want to google it . 
   i have seen you hateful rhetoric already so i do ' t take much in your opinion . 
  the bad bulgarians oppresing the poor turks , what a joke . 
  if only the mexicans were not so damn hostile towards the conquistadors . 
  i looked at your history and see your inferiority complex is really strong . 
  you are insanely mad that you will never be accepted as european , but such is life , you will have to deal with it . 
  but its all fine , wish you a good life in your backwards shithole , my friend turk . 
  your county will never be seen as anything but this . 
  oh man , i clearly touched a nerve here . 
  sorry you will never be west european . 
  as for my comment history , i just like to argue . 
  i only know that they 're muslims and there 's a ton of them living here . 
  that 's true , but my point is , compared to western european countries that list of achievments is pretty damn small . 
  edit : i mean , arabic and persian scientists contributed more than those you named , for an example . 
  by that logic persians should be proud of europe aswell since they hindered the ottomans mildly . 
  greece is in western europe , russia is n't in eastern europe , they are their own thing like us . 
   for many of those that time ended with the coming of your ancestors . 
  my ancestors were byzantines , like most turks . 
  seems like you do n't know the history of these parts that well . 
   it is really quite pathetic that someone from turkey is talking about this topic . 
  my , lets not get triggered .
