  cheesy, 
  why not both ? 
  it 's not like istanbul was ever russian . 
  hurr durr libruls do n't see the prublem edit : / s ffs, 
  etnicity not nationality . 
  yeah , nuke the water few kilometers west of the coast of denmark and let the sea do what it does best . 
  wash away filth . 
  tragic really , i saw him before but then he disappeared . 
  they took is laptop as punishment for assaulting a nurse in the psychiatric ward . 
  :( hey , atleast he has it back now . 
  most people , and all important ones , disagree strongly . 
  do n't know why i 'm replying to a guy that is literally so desperate to call us non-european that he denies basic geography in favor of his own alternate reality . 
  not going to waste my time i think , the downvotes speak for themselves . 
  dunno some shit in the east that is kinda okay appearantly, 
  nope , but reddit likes doom and gloom . 
  wut , erdogan is getting shit on in international politics . 
  how would he last a lifetime ? 
  get this out there pedes !!!, 
  post history checks out xd also there is no way europe will consider us less european than right now , with an islamist voldemort in charge of our country , always attacking the rest of europe . 
  things will revert back to how it 's always been , with the europeaness of turkey never being in question . 
  i hope you will sleep well on these facts . 
  izmir is n't salty enough to be greek though . 
  and a bunch of other cities and neigbourhoods . 
  our diabetus levels are off the charts , 15 % of adults have diabetus . 
  you can never win against us , we * are * diabetus . 
  please do n't say that, 
  the responsible staff and politicians need to go to jail for this , someone has been seriously negligent and it has ended in people fucking dying . 
  that 's where the line goes . 
  what is this right you speak of ? 
  never saves me, 
  baklava should come strapped with a insulin shot for public health reasons , you are like little child . 
  atleast we 're civilised . 
  name really does n't check out, 
  i think my sentance was perfectly understandable . 
  germans constantly whine about turks in germany not acting german enough , so obviously they must consider them german . 
  you know nothing of our cuisine if you think yours can beat ours in diabetus level . 
  nope , i have no reason to travel outside of europe . 
  i 'd rather not get shot , even if i survive the 12 hour plane ride without killing myself . 
  that 's how you get murdered, 
  is that a confession ? 
  nope, 
  respect the robot, 
  back off , russians are ours . 
  i 'm gon na play it in polish then , that 's cool . 
  to what ? 
  can i play it in polish with english subtitles ?? 
  far-right populism is alt-right . 
  well , the defintions are up to the people themselves . 
  though i assume most germans consider their fellows of turkish backround german aswell , seeing as to how much they whine about non-assimilation . 
   i agree , i think it has more to do with the culture . 
  culturally russia is clearly european , while for turkey or georgia , it 's arguable . 
  i do n't think an american has a say in this matter , especially considering how little you know about our continent . 
  it 's too obvious . 
   neither are you look at my flair ... 
  well , gavurlar geliyor is n't exactly a 20th century quote i do n't think . 
  that has older roots . 
  a wild genocide mention appears !, 
  i feel bad for you if you actually think the reply you just puked up is an argument . 
  it 's like a copypasta example of far-right whataboutism . 
  spades are spades , we laugh at nazis , get used to it . 
   it 's wrong . 
  no , it 's unproven . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
   two , for the same reason the greeks take issue with fyrom using macedonia . 
  they 're claiming links to people that do n't exist exclusively for nationalistic reasons . 
  of course , non-indo european nationalism is the most awful thing on this planet . 
   and i would n't call correcting someone 's misinformation a reacting violently . 
  reacting with incredible zeal and without failure every time overwhelmingly then . 
  well , fp\u00d6 is a populist party that follows trends . 
  current alt-right bogeyman is muslims , east europeans would be if muslim migration was n't so high . 
  i know , except with british accents . 
  it does , germany is n't a single blood related family . 
  eyy , we ai n't that bad . 
  imagine how good we would be without lord voldemort in charge . 
  you got downvoted because people are sick of anti-turkish people spamming turkish threads with messages similar to yours , you do n't necessarily have to be malicious yourself . 
  also this forum has discussion about cyprus , georgia , armenia and azerbaijan , all of whom have much less or no territory in europe . 
  that 's georgia , erdogan is georgian backround . 
  erdogan is pumping previously collected money into the economy right now . 
  so that people will still vote for him in the presidential elections . 
  doubtful that its going to last that long though . 
  happy russia day , now can you stop getting so drunk in my hometown kthnxbye . 
  can you swim in it ? 
  witcher is that you, 
  you should have tourist quarantine cities like we have . 
  i never got that , why would a bunch of foreigners talking in my hometown be distressing ? 
  goddamn turks , they ruined turkey . 
  most people complaining about this on our forum are flairless americans anyway . 
  h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6, 
  most turks have been there for longer than `` russian-germans '' though . 
  far right hates east europeans , i believe the alt-right is what you 're thinking of . 
  this is so true , i think it stems from an inferiorty complex that needs satiating . 
  that 's true , but i 'm talking about culture . 
  modern arab culture is lacking in many respects but niceness is not one of them . 
  i think our swedish friend is trying to shoehorn is dislike for islam too much . 
  also yes , russians are much nicer than certain other east europeans . 
  i do n't want it to seem like i dislike russians like the rest of this sub . 
  arabs are much nicer people , very warm and welcoming . 
  i do n't get how you could compare them to russians . 
  that 's absolutely terrifying . 
  while i do n't care much for speculative theories without evidence , i always wonder why westerners react so violently to ural-altaic or even altaic .
