  force us to become greek again ? 
  how exactly ? 
  haha , it 's not my fault your country is going to shit . 
  no need to insult me . 
  link , i could n't find it, 
  you people seem content to let this happen , so yeah . 
  some of you people are racial segregationists . 
  the rest accept this rhetoric , hence `` you people '' . 
  white americans are probably tempted to vote republican because of identity politics , is what i 'm saying . 
  lol wtf is wrong with you people , racial segregation seems to be alive, 
  haha , i have seen some greeks with very dark skin and curly hair , but i doubt they 're more black per se . 
  maybe they are more north african and we are more yellow . 
  bruh you should n't say black to mean dark skinned in english , it could be offensive . 
  as if the hungarian did a bad thing . 
  hmm , i would n't mind that , but it 's not true . 
  it 's not geographically greece . 
  just like how thrace is n't anatolian because most people living there are anatolian in origin . 
  do you think turkish rulers forbid non-turkish culture ? 
  kek , the exact same thing the greeks did to anatolia , turks did later on . 
  why the crying , it 's not anymore greek than it is turkic . 
  we should use latin more . 
  it 's more neutral than english . 
  literally could n't find a bigger picture . 
  also observe the painting which can not be removed without starting a civil war . 
  edit : odd downvotes, 
  you get better and better with each comment you make . 
  where is turkey ? 
  and raki is n't wine !!, 
  bruh we would rek all of you . 
  how dare you go against the narrative ? 
  we 're clearly arab , as uneuropean as it gets . 
  goddamn you guys stole that shit too, 
  well , if they survived that is . 
  deyr moslembs so no one cares, 
  hurr durr mooselambs, 
  smelly is relative, 
  puerto montt looks awesome , coldish temperature without being actually cold . 
  found my emergency relocation destination !, 
  plz chile accept me, 
  cretin , have fun having sweaty asses on your face while being blown up by kurds and isis to travel to some shitty overcrowded smelly place . 
  scrub , have fun sitting in traffic for 5 hours to drive a kilometer . 
  nope , got ta grow that epen . 
  nothing will turn those guys off . 
  we would buzz it constantly . 
  hey , why is there a dude looking in through m, 
  well , one example is america restricting east european emigration . 
  another is unfavourable racial theories . 
  right , but what i 'm saying is most trump voters would n't be voting that way if they were n't white . 
  not that all whites are trump voters , obviously not . 
  there are whites that are very anti-trump because of ethnicity too , like jews , muslims , white hispanics etc. 
  it 's a very bad political climate . 
  yes , i can look at drone footage . 
  fuck the city though . 
  you just told me tho, 
  among others ? 
  it 's no secret that the people of the west often theorized their own superiority , even fairly recently . 
  slavs were on the persecuted and discriminated `` side '' . 
  people can have a `` white guilt '' for slavs because they 're historically persecuted , even if it is n't in finland per se . 
  seriously though , why do indian people have such huge inferiority complexes . 
  your food is great , you have given birth to so much advanced philosophy , you will be a world power soon . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  they 're not more black , race is n't a spectrum lol . 
  they 're simply different , not that different from us either . 
  ccc, 
  want help ? 
  we owe you for prut . 
  25 % of turkey lives in that toe . 
  if you exclude kurds and arabs and include turks living in other countries we go way higher . 
  well , yes , but the point still stands . 
  i do n't think arabs are black  btw hi neighbor helo my friend, 
  that 's not my impression of the u.s at all . 
  clearly white people vote for trump and minorities vote for democrats for mostly racial reasons . 
  looked , what was i supposed to see ? 
  culture does n't develop in a vacuum . 
  the only place where there was strong cultural pressure was anatolia , which is what we 're speaking about . 
  anatolia is n't greece you numbnut . 
  are you suggesting refugees can be treated simply as `` islam '' and there is no persons involved ? 
  bad bait is bad, 
  found the two americans . 
  yeah but then again those things affect you still . 
  except for severely limiting slavic migration to the u.s i guess . 
  and i 'm sure plenty of discrimination socially . 
  is it african now ? 
  i sure do n't desire it . 
  thanks alot , now i 'm bleeding out on the floor . 
  filthy casul , i wanked to this before you spoke, 
  turkish word for god is `` tanri '' . 
  where is the tear-stained picture of hagia sofia ? 
  more likely, 
  in this case it 's definitely #allturks  ), 
  not new , but hilarious, 
  * grabs popcorn *, 
  slavic = victims of discrimination in the west, 
  really ? 
  post-racial ? 
  haha !, 
  identitarians already exist in europe though , but it 's just white people until now . 
  basically alt-right except the losers are black instead of white . 
  should be treated the same . 
  he did n't say black ...
