  where did i claim turkey intentionally killed civilians ? 
  yeah , try again . 
  biji hiding behind eu flag . 
  honestly the prisons are already overfull ... 
   does n't pkk refrain from targeting civilians , though ? 
  at least all recent attacks carried out by pkk i 've heard of have been directed at police or armed forces . 
  they mainly target military and police forces ( many unarmed at vacation etc ) but they also target civilians and often kill civilians hanging around their targets . 
   i recall there were a couple of attacks against civilians , but those were supposedly perpetrated by another group , which may or may not be linked to pkk depending on whom you ask , and i do n't think there is anyone who can give a honest , unbiased answer to that . 
  you 're thinking of tak . 
  they are absolutely a pkk group , denying that is just ridiculous . 
  but that 's unrelated . 
  nice try . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm not joking . 
  it 's what this means in practice . 
  uh no , you 're weirding me out now . 
  blocked . 
  maybe this is why you do n't leave your basement ... 
  you are free to think so , but you 're wrong . 
  well , the kemalist section of the army remained loyal . 
  kemalist civilians and most akp voters were n't crazy enough to go outside and face tanks . 
  10-15 % is enough for someone who does n't care what the people thinks , especially with u.s support . 
  he would find a way to turn the opinion against erdogan after he had seized power , and us secularists would be even more fucked . 
  i 'm not reading all that . 
  i 'm sorry you have problems . 
  a terrorist state . 
  there is a shitton of gulenists in turkey though , erdogan did not actually make that up . 
  he would certainly enjoy less popularity than erdogan , but he would have the support of the u.s , practically ensuring that he stays in power . 
  we can only wait and see for now . 
  gulen is much much scarier and a real rabid islamist unlike erdogan . 
  he certainly would n't be better . 
  i have to read more about what the hell is going on right now . 
  not quite what i meant , but nice last-ditch attempt . 
  i 've literally argued with hundreds of your kind , you are all the same . 
  people like you are ruining turkey and wounding europe . 
  i do n't care for your existance = / = i want you dead . 
  do these people even know we are ( or were ) a democracy ? 
  so we finally agree . 
  not sure why the far-right would be legitimized after erdogan 's crackdown though , or are people really that dumb ? 
   honest question : where would you draw the line between an `` armed struggle '' against an oppressing nation , and terrorism ? 
  when the `` struggling '' party takes lethal action against civilians . 
   asia is originally a turkish province ; you guys share 85 % of your land borders to the south and east . 
  europe stops at the bosphorus . 
  should turkish thrace break off we could make an exception , though . 
  if factoids are an argument , we are literally surrounded by europe . 
  south is cyprus , southwest and west is greece , northwest is bulgaria , north is ukraine , northeast is european caucasus , east is transcaucasus ( still in europe ) . 
  only to the southeast ( across mountains ) is the middle east . 
   yet is fundamentally very foreign to it . 
  nice statement . 
   well , you guys are trying damn hard to be one . 
  also , what kind of a country needs an army coup every 15 years to show the government the `` right way '' ? 
  you 're literally commenting on a thread called `` erdogan to muslims , do n't lock women up '' . 
  he is not a rabid islamist , even if he is n't really democratic . 
   that yet has to happen before any eu accession , and to be honest i do n't think you guys ever will . 
  in any case , your religious past will yield quite a different flavor of secularism . 
  faith and more ungrounded statements . 
  * everything * about us is different , even the similarities . 
  sure m8 . 
   i beg to differ . 
  a very large portion of european citizens want nothing to do with you guys . 
  unrelated to what i said . 
  those polls you have seen are about current undemocratic turkey joining the eu . 
   i 'm glad you acknowledge it . 
  but these are just the tip of the iceberg . 
  do you have reading difficulties ? 
  i 'm starting to see a pattern of you literally trying to misrepresent my own words to me . 
   your political tradition is showing . 
  in our countries , people can cast their opinion in elections . 
  rest assured i ( and quite a sizeable part of my co-citizen ) will vote primarily to shut down any unsound eu expansion . 
  speak for yourself , i see plenty of europeans who want to have a democratic secular turkey in the eu . 
   we just do n't want you guys . 
  who do you think you are ? 
  speaking for all your continent ? 
  considering your comment history , i 'm unsurprised at your attitude towards us . 
  i do n't value your opinion or your existance and i 'm throwing this whole exchange in the thrashbin . 
  huh , i guess we are openly enemies with belgium now . 
  well , most europeans are like you . 
  but you do n't have to go far to see what some of you really think . 
  look at r/europe , almost every thread about turkey has some hater buried in downvotes , and the reason they are downvoted is because of us . 
  even we secular turks are tired of europeans hating on us by now . 
  i 've seen more support for a non-aligned or russia-aligned turkey from the left here . 
  the u.s permanently lost any support in the muslim world ( including turkey ) after the iraq invasion , too . 
  why hungary specifically ? 
  eastern europeans are more open to turkey in the eu then the west . 
  we wo n't join the eu while still occupying part of cyprus , obviously . 
   because we 're not on the same continent . 
  objectively false . 
  and europe was defined to exclude turkey to begin with , in the medieval era . 
   the languages have no common base , lol , bye finland and hungary , welcome iran ? 
   the way of life and culture do not stem from the same basis ( judeo-christian vs islam ) . 
  yes , turkey is very islamic in lifestyle . 
  / s even if we were overtly islamic ( most of us are n't ) , islam quite literally stems from christianity . 
   the political tradition do not share anything in common . 
  i forgot that we were a caliphate . 
   the place of religion in society do not follow the same rules . 
  the place of women is not the same . 
  same bullshit as above , most of turkey is secular , and whenever erdogan is gone we will progress to a fully secular democracy . 
  no one is arguing that current turkey will join the eu , * you 're * arguing to exclude even a democratic and secular turkey from the eu . 
   you guys share roots with kazakhstan , and i do n't mean it in a bad way . 
  you just belong to a region that is more eastern ( language ) and southern ( religion ) .
