  if turkey becomes a freindly state again ( dictatorship or not ) and the civil wars in syria and iraq are stopped , kurds will go back to the dustbin again . 
  you think terrorism is acceptable because they 'd stop after a certain goal ? 
  i fully support an independence referandum btw , and it should n't be a referandum , we should just give away historic kurdistan and deport all kurds and half-kurds to it , i do n't want them in my country or my town anymore . 
  english channel atleast . 
  lol, 
  when are you going to recognize the kurdish part played in the genocide and give basically half your land to armenia ? 
  i 'm convinced all these kurdish users are just the same guy . 
  no way an entire ethnic group online can be this intense and awkward . 
  wow , this is getting upvoted on r/europe . 
  i guess this topic attracts the usual sort . 
  so erdogan is actually democratic ? 
  since he 's only illiberal . 
  erdogan does n't really kill his opponents , i guess he 's not a dictator now . 
  pretty sure the populations are n't decreasing , but the percentage is decreasing because of immigration . 
  in which countries it 's decreasing depends on how whites are defined . 
  britain was and still is one of the least anti-muslim nations in europe . 
  by that logic cyprus should be kicked out too since turkish villagers were massacred . 
  oh and i 'm sure the fiercly secularist turkish army in the 70ies massacred people in the name of `` allah '' , dumbass . 
  hue seriously though , yerevan is super close to the turkish border . 
  to be fair , western media does n't hesistate to paint russia with that brush either . 
  i 'm telling you , as soon as erdogan is gone , we 'll be seeing `` evil backwards kurds '' headlines in europe . 
  it 's political . 
  i guess al-nusra are n't terrorists either , since they ** only ** have connections to al-qaida ? 
  err , no . 
  we 're in a better place now ... populistland !, 
  fun for all ages and iq 's !, 
  yes ... !, 
  meh , anatolia is n't greek , it was hellenized before and now its turkified . 
  well shit , atleast we have money . 
  i 'm pretty sure ancient greeks were n't blonde lol . 
  yes . 
  55 % are n't islamists . 
  i would love a source for that number . 
  if he held a fair election , he would most likely lose vs a good opposition candidate . 
  nah , it would be way better than before . 
  80ies coup messed it all up . 
  opposition has istanbul though , its just that its split up as fuck unlike the akp . 
  anything deviating from masculinity really . 
  especially not reddit , they wo n't like the gender part . 
  are there women on your island ? 
  typical american , does n't even get his paramilitary groups right . 
  peshmerga is the armed forces of krg , which we support . 
  ypg is what you 're thinking of , the terrorist group . 
  and no , we `` sensible turks '' do n't want to be allied to the u.s if you support terrorists against us . 
  are you claiming there are n't dutch people in every country ? 
  living one sea rise away from horrible death has that effect on people . 
  uh , i doubt the person that does that to him would be much better himself . 
  lol , i 'm sure you 're unbiased and entirely a reliable source of information on bosniaks . 
  yeah , but it wont be like syria . 
  you underestimate how mad turks can get . 
  it 's our lot in life . 
  they hate us cuz they ai n't us is rarely accurate bro , certainly not in this case . 
  just plain old xenophobia . 
  because they 're not turks ? 
  no , not if he wants people dead for protesting, 
  a weak leader ca n't execute 50 % of his population , i do n't think any leader can, 
  classy as always, 
  not brown in north america , but visibly different in northern half of europe . 
  `` as white as greeks and italians '' that 's not saying much, 
  they 're too far away , also who cares about them ? 
  west is the best scapegoat in the muslim world , just like muslims are in the west . 
  are you * sure * that 's the worst day ? 
  asian duterte does n't really work , so our alt-right friends will have to take this insult . 
  fuck off you two . 
  back to the sea with you . 
  between who ? 
  it 's not medieval times , you can build upwards instead of expanding . 
  not that i think he 's going to do so , he just wants to be king of the ashes . 
  dictators in 3rd world banana republics live pretty sweet lives , so erdogan is totally fine with this . 
  uh , there are turks in slovakia . 
  i have no idea why , but there are . 
  maybe in poland where mediterreanean looking people are beat up for being arabs . 
  not anywhere in the west though . 
  no , we wo n't let them dirty that name . 
  sorry to disappoint you ... 
  stop killing me please , i just spilt my coffee . 
  joke that akp supporters are basically arabs . 
  i do n't entirely disagree either . 
  they do n't , it 's just that politics in turkey is like a football game now . 
  no one cares about human rights or due process , certainly not the akp voters . 
  maybe he has three people inside of him all trying to type . 
  aaaaaaaaaand he 's an american and posts to r/t _ d. 
  they are only interested in a cooperative leader , if he genuinly turns against his western friends , he will probably be gone pretty quickly . 
  cia has no problems replacing leaders they do n't like . 
  alleged massive fraud, 
  what 's up with the rest of the world and dictators ? 
  oh god , look what they 've done to you . 
  west turkey , or just turkey . 
  the islamists do n't care about nationalism so i 'm sure we can have the name . 
  pff , that 's not how modern war works . 
  nato would remove erdogan 's turkey pretty quick too . 
  too complicated, 
  aaaaand he 's american . 
  all hail our fuhrer !, 
  long live gazi sultan erdogan i !, 
  have yes won ? 
  people seem to be saying so in the thread yet i do n't see any official sources confirming it . 
  ridiculous . 
  huh , it seems odd that people would fake a freaking poll . 
  did you save the link ?
