  random dude  turkey is not a nation of islamists . 
  at least two thirds of people want jurisdiction and the state to be secular . 
  less than 20 percent want religious law to take over . 
  you : -5  so this is why they teach shariah at their schools and banned teaching evolution ? 
  / s anybody with this level of discourse ca n't be considered fit for even reddit . 
  stop wasting your time , you 're not gon na turn everybody against the majority of turks this way . 
  that 's not true , america is a popular destination in the middle east since guns and cars is equally popular among arabs xd, 
  ah , the famous book * mien kampf * , the lesser known version of mein kampf . 
  moderater is n't strictly conservative are they ? 
  do you never get tired of searching for `` turk '' on search function and spewing shit ? 
  best for mental health, 
  mr erdogan has been feeling ill recently , so there 's the answer . 
  the march is breaking the already broken akp morale . 
  curious , though not what i meant . 
  they think that they are actually voting for democracy . 
  funny how you think that the leaders of the eu has n't thought about this as much as you have . 
  eu is trying to not alienate the turkish people since they know erdogans time is running out . 
  turks are very touchy creatures , and we would turn against eu membership instantly if they did anything different . 
  we just shut off our brains and go lie down whenever he does anything . 
  how come the flairs that are the most excited about this are literally the ones that never did any exploring ? 
  genuine question , not trying to start anything . 
  that is absolute nonsense , how could killing 10 people a month in the west help islamize the world ? 
  you think the minds behind this is retarded ? 
  they want to start a holy war , anybody with a head will see this . 
  go on ahead and put all of them in ghettos and see how well that ends up . 
  american tourists, 
  it has no negative effects , it 's none of your business . 
  the only reason westerners are now in absolute rabid raving mode about this is because it 's mostly performed by jews and muslims . 
  the collective behaviour of this thread is very childish and shallow , each poster egging the sheltered reader on to post his own outraged reaction . 
  u/sorafeal please help us, 
  sometimes you wonder with antalya . 
  i 'd say its a painting though . 
  putin , orban , erdogan ? 
  we will , i guess . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  hopefully ukrainians give a shit about people that want to erase their genes from existence . 
  how barbaric of you to let the nearby dominant religion use a religious building that 's previously belonged to another faith !, 
  this sub is childish sometimes . 
  it 's the most commonly used definition in our modern times . 
  well , call me soft but i would n't roll the fat man in front of the train if you know what i mean . 
  this is in fact worse because the anti-slavic tendencies of the nazis was already well known to anybody who bothered reading about them . 
  it was obvious what the end of the line was for ukrainians if hitler won . 
  much worse than the current timeline is guaranteed . 
  a small percentage of the turkish army = / = the red army also wtf , you think anymore than a few thousand people went out on the streets during the coup night ? 
  i believe they made up some crazy shit about croats actually being from scythia . 
  bosnia they probably liked because of islam , and the ukraine were actually going to be removed i believe . 
  i know that the ukrainians were kinda caught in the middle , but really man . 
  yeah , but this subreddit has a specific definition . 
  how a slav can collaborate with nazis is beyond me . 
  fishing from a carrier would be very hard , so it 's not the same . 
  name checks out, 
  expecting stalinism to respect communism is where you are going wrong . 
  have you heard of the [ red army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army ) ? 
  military resistance against the soviets would have resulted in nothing , considering the massive numbers and pure firepower russia usually possesses . 
  sometimes its best to lay low . 
  hmm , maybe you are actually being treated unfairly . 
  or austria is getting a free pass due to muh westerners more likely . 
  already knew poland was the best east europeans . 
  wut , was that an attempt at ad hominem ? 
  shhh, 
  wait , poland is more positive to immigration than austria ? 
  really ? 
  wow , erdogan was right on something ? 
  i am actually kind of surprised . 
  erdogan is n't a religious zealot , he 's just a proto-fascist right wing populist . 
  oh no , pacman is on a stupid list , how could we possibly live with this ? 
  nah , that would result in less money in the country for the government to steal, 
  how dare you interrupt the circlejerk is such a rude way . 
  i do n't think castille counquering and stamping out granada was `` resisting muslim invasion '' . 
  this is not really the appropriate place for your circlejerk . 
  this is purely stupidity and not really islamism . 
  dumbasses do n't even understand evolution properly because of poor education so how could they accept it ? 
  the surveys back this up , no one is islamist here . 
  but doom and gloom is always more fun , so you guys continue on your circlejerk . 
  how dare you not be extremely negative . 
  what, 
  why , we 're not refugees . 
  i just call both \u015femsiye, 
  are you aware of how you look ? 
  commenting with such passion on subjects you literally do n't know a single thing about ? 
  except that the youth is n't becoming any more religious , in fact it 's probably way less religious now than more `` secular '' times . 
  overseas territory would n't count either . 
  that 's quite big ... 
  both are generally religiously motivated and the causes of both can probably be explained by a neurologist . 
  if ukraine is west asia we would be north africa, 
  looks like how i would imagine heaven . 
  are n't those trees ? 
  makes it look quite large . 
  are we north africa then ? 
  honestly that seems like a good idea of the eu to me . 
  atleast when it comes to stability . 
  t_d does n't count, 
  certainly on the same spectrum . 
   of europe, 
  our far-right imports arabs by the millions . 
  lol . 
  most sharia countries do n't have the latter either . 
  poland is becoming something like malaysia with all this religious ruling . 
  no one claims they will become saudi arabia or iran . 
  that is a common attitude that a majority of japanese people have .
