  okay , now you 're just being schizophrenic . 
  are you threatening me or something ? 
  why would i die ? 
  if the west moves in to take out erdogan they will most certainly not give power to another erdogan . 
  50 % of the country is modern liberal and western , moreso than bulgaria has ever been . 
  it 's not just another iraq . 
  what did you find uncivilized in my comments ? 
  uh , yes there is still a turkish people in that case . 
  their descandants do n't just stop existing , they are just relabeled as another thing . 
  this has happened a billion times in anatolia , first the greeks hellenized us , then turkic tribes turkified and islamized us . 
  we are still here . 
  edit : just so you know , i 've checked your comment history ( sorry ) and i know what you are . 
  do n't expect me to reply if you go full retard . 
  these are not insults , they 're just fairly neutral facts . 
  no one has ever cared what you guys think , sadly . 
   we 've been with russia for years mate . 
  still have good relations , tons of their tourists around . 
  yeah , i 'm sure putin will use lube when he 's fucking your country next time . 
   and west is giving you that treatment more and more each day . 
  keep it going and lets see who is going to get steamrolled . 
  we 'll get steamrolled and dragged to the european side and we 'll rebuild and be relevant , unlike bulgaria , who does * nothing * . 
  which ? 
  i hope he didi n't tell turks to kill westerners . 
  kek , you can keep pretending it has no meaning . 
  most of reddit knows exactly what it means . 
  okay , i 'll start hating on every phillipine i see then . 
  chinese too . 
  oh , anyone from north korea aswell . 
  how about syrians ? 
  let 's go all the way through with it shall we ? 
  what are these processes that ca n't be reverted later ? 
  muscles ? 
  this the other guy is just taking out of his ass, 
  young men are n't married . 
  indeed , but the greeks do n't deserve that . 
  i think our very existance is enough mental punishment for those cunts . 
  you pretend somehow that it matters what you feel about these huge geopolitical decisions . 
  bulgarians have never mattered . 
  you are the ones who will sink into oblivion as soon as the tides change and the west no longer feels to protect you from russia or other closer maniacs . 
  maybe he did , explain the killing part . 
  nope , just saying you east europeans are n't relevant to the discussion , as always . 
  of course , if you want to be under russian occupation again which clearly catapulted your mentalities back to the iron age , then sure , you do n't need us . 
  what they mean with `` europe '' is `` western europe '', 
  explain, 
  my dad works at playstation ur banned have fun, 
  okay added you , i 'm xxxopticzzsepirothxxx i 'm a member of optic ur fucked bro my dad works at xbox ill get u banned, 
  yeah , that 's what i mean . 
  black clothing + running people over seems very isis, 
  neither please, 
  why would puberty make them suffer ? 
  for these kinds of life changing decisions you need to be fully mature and aware, 
  now you know how i feel when i see muricans from bumfuckville hoping that constantinople returns to christian hands . 
  i saw him trolling earlier, 
  small if false, 
  yeah i 'm slightly uncomfortable with that , was n't even aware you could change genders before 18, 
  1v1 rust intervention only, 
  ah , young men , famously not in need of food and water . 
  you really know nothing of this country, 
   i still really have no idea what alt-right is , the term 's definition seems to change on the daily . 
  so i 'm going to go on a limb here and say i am not alt-right . 
  huh , another who denies the meaning of alt-right . 
  i 'm sure you are a very reasonable level headed person though . 
   i would like to remove kebab oh, 
  okay then , i do n't think this is matter of opinion really but okay . 
  not familiar with that expression . 
  well , that would imply being atheist makes you non-western . 
  what i mean by catholicism is non-colonial catholic heritage , i.e protestant and atheist nations are included . 
  not sure what the map is supposed to prove , but dayum , el salvador . 
  meh , it 's fine . 
  being fat makes your arteries clog up , not eating cheese . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:ottoman_architecture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:buildings_and_structures_of_the_ottoman_empire a shitton of stuff , in fact i do n't remember any other noteworthy arcitecture existing in balkan states except greece and turkey . 
  jeez , i touched a nerve there . 
   there 's nothing more ridiculous than someone laughing on his own ignorance and missconseptions . 
  or a furious greek trying to be western . 
   the `` west '' is a term to discribe a certain civilization : the greco-roman one . 
  the term might have been used later but it always refered to exactly that . 
  currently looking it up , and * ancient greece * is described like ancient israel , a contributor . 
  modern greece is byzantine . 
   christianity became part of the western identity later . 
  catholicism that is . 
  and no it 's pretty much the core definition of western civilization . 
   it 's not even necessary to be part of the west , as many heathen ( were ) or atheist nations belong to the west . 
  not a necessity maybe , but it 's hard to be `` western '' if you lack the core of it . 
   it 's not surprizing that you have this misconception about what is western because it is a cultural thing to which you dont belong . 
  i do n't think you need to belong to a certain thing to understand it , beside , you 're not part of it either . 
   just look at the state of modern turkey . 
  after a century of securalism the country goes full speed to become something like pakistan . 
  a theocratic state . 
  all the western values failed cause they were foreign to your culture . 
  yet you think you know what `` west '' is lol . 
  this is n't about turkey to begin with . 
  and as i said , i do n't have to be western to know what western is , i can just look it up . 
   it is not a geographical term ( australia is a western society ) and certainly not a religious one . 
  surely islam would never appeal the west as it has many elements that contradict our civilization . 
  it 's applied to people of a certain descent and culture aswell , like australia , who are mostly british . 
  islam by definition is non-western , so yes . 
   do yourself a favor and try to educate yourself a bit : oookay . 
   historian es creasy , in 1851 , included marathon in his account of the 15 decisive battles of world history , and more famously , in 1846 , john stuart mill declared in his essay on early grecian history and legend : `` the true ancestors of the european nations are not those from whose blood they are sprung , but those from whom they derive the richest portion of their inheritance . 
  the battle of marathon , even as an event in british history , is more important than battle of hastings . 
  if the issue of that day had been different , the britons and the s might still have been wandering in the woods . '' so a random quote changes reality now ?
