  what does my flair tell you ? 
  edit : nvm , found actual racism too . 
  i do n't feel like wasting my much more precious time on a wasted person , so i wo n't be replying anymore . 
  let me bring up the original quote , you seem to have trouble with this . 
   kurds , armenians , and assyrians are still systematically oppressed in turkey . 
  the above implies ongoing oppression . 
  it 's like saying serbia is currently oppressing muslims because of bosnian genocide during the 90ies . 
  yeah , you 're right , but what i was surprised about was a leftist like that being this high profile . 
  so let 's say turks really do have like 20 kids and become the majority of germany and thus slowly assimilate the germans into the turkish group . 
  this is still not killing , your descandants will still exist , your genes will still exist . 
  you are right , i could have used much softer words . 
  i have a hard time seeing the genocidal part of it . 
  volga bulgaria , you mean turkic muslim `` bulgaria '' ? 
  that is literally the worst example you could use in this context . 
  i really enjoy doing retarded shit like engaging with bottom of the barrel type people online . 
  just ignore it . 
  it 's very difficult to take you seriously , i 'm sorry . 
  i recomment anybody reading this to go through u/like _ a_tree 's profile and just enjoy . 
  sheesh , imagine how the world would look like if your point of view was the majority . 
  probably a nuclear winter . 
  in which sense am i evading the topic ? 
  i 'm just pointing out the irony in you thinking that any side ( west or russia ) would value bulgaria even a fraction of as much as turkey . 
  simply realpolitik . 
   well yeah but bulgaria opinions do n't matter , you will get invaded and fucked by russia with lube !!!, 
  someday it will happen , believe me . 
  nah , we maintain a careful balance . 
  or we were , until erdogan . 
  turkey is not an easy country to conquer , unlike bulgaria . 
  mhm , that would be hard considering i 'm from europe . 
  regardless , i do n't care for you opinion u/natsirasisti . 
  your comment history speaks for itself . 
  okay , i 'll correct myself since you are playing dumb . 
  i would like to see evidence for modern , i.e ongoing , systematic oppression of kurds , like you claimed . 
  edit : there are schools that teach in kurdish language , so do n't even get me started . 
  aha , you mean that the eu is ultra-liberal ? 
  that would be correct . 
  hmm , baseless and desperate insults , no counter arguments . 
  almost like i 'm delivering an uncomfortable truth . 
  armenians and assyrians barely exist in turkey anymore unfortunately . 
  i 'd love to see evidence of systematic oppression of kurds though . 
  i have no idea what this has to do with killing westerners either . 
  edit : whoa , that was a quick downvote . 
  liberal ? 
  i thought he was socialist . 
  mhm, 
  yup , i ca n't see any of this ending well . 
  i think he passed a very big point of no return in his constant rattling for votes . 
  i do n't even react to this sort of stuff anymore . 
  i just think `` just 5 dead ? 
  no biggie '' . 
  so fucked up . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about now . 
  or rather , i do , but i 've heard that sort of diarrhea for 10 + years . 
   at least you generously spread all those problems across the european continent . 
  we like sharing . 
  very interesting , the left-wing here in turkey are also very very anti-eu . 
  melenchon is anti-eu ? 
  that 's a type of leftism i have n't seen for a long time . 
  well , i would n't be cheering for populists if i were you . 
  are n't you a yugo living in the west ? 
  do n't worry , it does n't refer to you guys . 
  and neither does it sound like genocide . 
  not that i support it or think it 's remotely acceptable , but do n't misrepresent what he said . 
  i would think the overraction they are referring to is increased survelliance and maybe laws directed at muslim minorities . 
  like the u.s and their ridiculous patriot laws . 
  europe has been responding like you should so far , but the threat is that people will want more . 
  name checks out, 
  as far as i 'm aware there is no threat of genocide in there . 
  that statement is ludicrous though . 
  we 're a brown muslim trojan horse in trump eyes , but we hold strategic value . 
   but the bulgarians are still in the eu so thats something to keep in mind . 
  that will change rapidly when the eu feels like they can not keep feeding parasites within the union . 
  russia will most likely demand a retreat at some point if nato is gone . 
  most north koreans outside north korea are sent there by north korea , so that 's false . 
  also : is your first reaction to seeing a russian hatred ? 
  edit : dumb grammar, 
  i 'm not insulting anyones `` home '' , i 'm sure bulgaria is beautiful and so on . 
  i am stating the fact that certain countries are regularly thrown under the bus because of their nonexistent geopolitical value . 
  the irony in a bulgarian saying that the west should n't care about turkey is not lost on me . 
  how could you even look at history and claim this is not the case ? 
  cyprus was fed to the wolves by nato just because they didi n't want to anger turkey in a time when turkey needed nato much much much more than today . 
  nato is n't eternal , and certainly not reliable anymore . 
  if the politics continue moving the way that it is , the new populist usa will not be interested in starting nuclear war to defend ( from their point of view ) a brown slavic trojan horse . 
  which invasion ? 
  no military invasion is justified , ever . 
   i 'm glad you feel that way . 
  when europeans take back their countries and secure their borders , i 'll see if i can convince them to take over turkey and displace your people , since you 're fine with it and all . 
  what are you even talking about , you think turkey would be outside the european borders in such a situation ? 
  do n't come to r/europe and tell us what to do or what will happen , we have plenty of problems of our own . 
   as much as a neutral fact is that you are unreliable with stances and relations changing every mounth . 
  no one will take you as a real ally the comming years . 
  i am not turkey , no country is going to rely on us as long as erdogan behaves this way , true . 
  it 's not really relevant to the discussion . 
   basing it on your wet dreams . 
  you are yet to tell me when are west giving up on us and why do you think russia is going to fuck us with lube . 
  west will give up on you the second america lowers their defense budget , you do n't really hold value geopolitically . 
  just like ukraine . 
   basing it on nothing at all yet again . 
  you wo n't live to see your opinion live trough even if it does happen . 
  i think you will get dragged to the me and rebuilt just the mosques .
