  10/10 edit : these kinds of arguments really shows the racial undertones that these `` tough on islam '' people have , you slipped up . 
  i imagine you do n't live in europe and refer to kurds , because you would not be so okay with this if you were the one being suspected because of your genetics . 
  he 's right though , you 're advocating blanked measures against dark-skinned people because for a given 100.000 people there will be a ** tiny ** amount more criminals than for light-skinned people , if we have already profiled for social status . 
  if i lived in the netherlands , i would move instantly if i started to get stopped by the police much more often because i look darker . 
  this is outrageous enough when it happens * without * being enshrined in law . 
  maybe they do n't trust east europeans ? 
  thrace is a suburb to istanbul ? 
   i just did . 
  anatolian is n't any more of an identity than asian is . 
  hundreds of different ethno-linguistic and religious groups have lived there and anatolia has seen a constant migration or ethnic cleansing in and out of it for as long as it has been inhabited . 
  i agree , but it is n't the issue here . 
  most people living in anatolia today is descended from ancient anatolians , this has been proven by modern genetic testing . 
  i do n't think i need to give you another link as you 've ignored my other ones . 
  i 'm not talking about identity , as anatolian identity has changed atleast 5 times within two thousand years ( greek , roman , byzantine , `` muslim '' and lastly turkish . ), 
   regardless , i understand where you 're coming from and see your dilemma . 
  as far as the guy on quora goes , i mostly agree with him : turks have no common anchestry with each other , before kemal there was no turkish notion in them and the only thing that united them was sunni islam and the muslim millet under the ottomans . 
  as i 've stated , i 'm talking about descent and not identity . 
  like most ethnicities , `` turks '' were invented during the arrival of nationalism to the ottoman empire . 
  but these turks are predominantly of anatolian descent . 
  eh , everyone cited on the [ islamic golden age wiki page ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_golden_age ) man , i didi n't even realize people denied this . 
  if military coups are awesome to you then sure . 
  turks will be vacationing in greece this year , very smart move by them . 
  it will attract even more turkish tourists . 
  respond to my post , do n't try to bring this off topic . 
  i like how you are just typing on with what you want to be the truth . 
  there is no discussion required here , i 'm not asking you to tell me where turks are from . 
  there are already plenty of studies that prove you extremely wrong . 
  http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/2010/12/are-turks-acculturated-armenians/#.v1boppglsuk i suggest you also read this : https://www.quora.com/if-turks-were-central-asian-people-how-did-they-end-up-in-asia-minor another good one . 
  http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.2753/aae1061-1959500101#.v1bx6jglsuk  in 2011 aram yardumian and theodore g. schurr published their study `` who are the anatolian turks ? 
  a reappraisal of the anthropological genetic evidence . '', 
  they revealed the impossibility of long-term , and continuing genetic contacts between anatolia and siberia , and confirmed the presence of significant mitochondrial dna and y-chromosome divergence between these regions , with minimal admixture . 
  the research confirms also the lack of mass migration and suggested that it was irregular punctuated migration events that engendered large-scale shifts in language and culture among anatolia 's diverse autochthonous inhabitants . 
  [ 9 ] that 's the death knell of your argument . 
   on average turks do n't look very greek . 
  you 're right , greeks are browner . 
  no one said that we are greek . 
  lol , i believe the historians over a random far-right poster on reddit . 
  `` recovered '' is n't the right term , the turks living in thrace and ionia are descended from the same people that lived there always . 
  they just happened to speak greek for a period of time . 
  almost on que , u/electro-n appeared . 
  tell that to the racists , not me . 
  kurds are generally darker , but yeah turks can be dark aswell . 
  but that 's beside the point , everybody who 's not a stranger knows that you 're half-kurdish anyways . 
  thus they face the same type of discrimination that half-blacks do , even if it is n't immidiately . 
  this is n't as much of a problem in turkey , since we have given up on trying to assimilate kurds ( stupid idea anyways ) . 
  but a country like sweden will have problems , mostly due to native racism . 
  no point in pretending you 're swedish if you will be seen as a secound class swede , if at all . 
  just an example . 
  you are extremely triggered and mad right now , just because i had the audacity to use the `` r '' word . 
  let 's agree to disagree then . 
  racial homogenity is an illusion as modern science shows , and nation states as an idea came late and are about to go . 
  you have an unhealthy obsession with race bro , i believe a white person in japan or a japense person in turkey to be `` native '' * to that country , and it seems more and more people agree with me . 
  before you bring up the recent swing to right in europe , that is because of culture , fewer people than ever are `` racial nationalists '' like you , even if more people demand cultural assimilation of migrants in the west . 
  * humans are native to east africa , so technically not . 
  it 's like being half-black , or being an assimilated immigrant in europe . 
  you will not be considered part of the desired group , ever , due to racism . 
  turks that migrated to germany in the sixties stayed still in social development and mobility due to failed german policies . 
  turks in turkey used to have 6-7 children per family in those days , while now the average is maybe 1 or 2 . 
  i see this is in my own family aswell . 
  germans hoped turks would return after paying taxes and birthing their children in germany ( yeah right ) and did nothing , thus you are now paying the price . 
   i also do think that a sovereign kurdish state seems like the best solution for the `` kurdish problem '' , it 's also what they desperately want and fight for not all kurds are in favour of nation states . 
   ( and probably deserve ) . 
  cute , i guess berlin needs to be kebabrepublic nordturkei then ? 
  most kurdish areas in turkey were not historically kurdish . 
   the question is just , where ... cause nobody wants to give up land . 
  on iraqi and syrian land beyond the ( future ) great wall . 
  and why is this ? 
  is racial arguments not racist now ? 
  are you going to deprive racist of its meaning just because it hurts your feelings ? 
  you 're the one that should bring the facts , its not called `` the islamic golden age '' for nothing . 
  it 's called populism , and no , turkey would n't we western if it turned into egypt , obviously . 
  yes . 
  because forcing people to stay in a single piece of land because of an imagined `` blood tie '' to it is logical and reasonable , and i do n't suggest this because i dislike people of other races . 
  you really do n't have any other reason to do so , unless you 're a racist . 
  time to face the facts , i know it hurts your feelings to be called a racist , but that 's what you are . 
  ( if you believe race should play a part in anything , that is . ), 
  okay , so you are agreeing with me then , good to know . 
  this is a discussion about race and identity , you said that it should be considered important to your identity , yet you claim to know that this idea of `` descent '' from a single area is actually false ? 
  are you against the idea of different races living in your nation ? 
  he claims that background is extremely important and thus immigrants ca n't be part of his nation , that includes black people . 
  you 're just attacking me instead of addressing my argument , he believes that black people/arabs/chinese / whatever immigrating to germany is destroying the country . 
  and part of this is due to race . 
  ( ethnical links ) . 
  sure , the early 20th century , the golden age of nationalism , was extremely peaceful was n't it ? 
  it is partially due to the death of fascism and nationalism as proper political ideologies . 
  http://www.csmonitor.com/science/2013/0508/how-closely-related-are-we-to-each-other now stop following me around because you got triggered , please . 
  tell me if i 'm wrong instead of circlejerking . 
  you are a racist if you use racial arguments . 
   where are they now ? 
  yea egypt still exists but can you really claim egypt today is the same country ? 
  what country today is the same country as 4000 years ago ? 
  egyptians are still there . 
   it is ? 
  i bet japan and south korea wont change they will , are and have . 
  of course , shut down all discussion with the racist card card . 
  if you have a problem with black people being in your country because of racial reasons , then you are racist ? 
  am i wrong ? 
  we have black turks in turkey , they are just as turkish as me . 
  i have anatolian , bulgarian , greek , armenian , cypriot , serbian , iranian , georgian , arab , central asian , bosnian , albanian , romanian , croatian , ukrainian , kurdish and russian ancestors , and that 's just to name a few .
