  you just flat out deny my points instead of adressing them . 
  sorry but you 'll have to continue seeing turkish news on r/europe . 
  and i will be enjoying it doubly knowing that some white nationalist will be cringing every time i post . 
  part of it is . 
  i wonder why this kind of shit is getting upvoted now ? 
  it used to be buried before . 
  i do n't think that 's legal . 
   i thought you were done . 
  no , i did not decide turkey is not european . 
  geography and history did that . 
  here in north western europe it is pretty much the way things are . 
  now , the thing is you can still come to europe , i do n't think this geographical and cultural difference says anything about you as a person . 
  but no , neither turkey or israel are european , and it should n't affect your demeanour and emotions for pointing out this obvious fact . 
  you 're just trolling at this point . 
  you 're refusing to tell me why geography and history decided this . 
  just repeating your personal opinion . 
  history : anatolia has a 2000 year long history of cohabition with greeks and other balkans people . 
  we were hellenized by alexander the great . 
  and then later we adopted islam and turkish as our language . 
  the only time we have not been ruled by an european empire was the short span of time we were ruled by mongols or splintered into different tiny states . 
  we have always been more involved with europe , romans ruled over us for 1500 years . 
  later the ottoman empire , who had their capital and heartland ( thrace ) in europe ruled us for another 400 years . 
  on top of all of this , we launched a campaign of westernization . 
  also we are part of the council of europe and customs union , and the borders of europe has officially not been decided yet . 
  history speaks against you . 
  as for geography . 
  the boundaries has as i 've said not been determined yet . 
  in fact , europe is not a real continent . 
  it 's rather a cultural area . 
  if you are still going with geography , then i can tell you that cyprus is 100 % in asia , and turkey is almost literally surrounded by europe , except for the south east . 
  geography speaks against you . 
  turkey is very clearly a unique case , being both european and asian . 
  this is fact , as evidenced by dna tests , and as said by historians and anthropologists . 
  now please , give me some substantial arguments instead of your worthless personal opinion or i will consider the matter closed . 
   but no turks look like that some look mixed . 
  are you reading the same r/europe as i am ? 
  okay , but i think he just has a german name . 
  that 's not uncommon . 
  do you think you can just decide that turkey is n't european ? 
  you really are a halfwit are n't you ? 
  so far you 've delivered literally nothing , you have not answered any of my points . 
  the only thing you 've done is repeat `` nope turkey is n't european lel '' and burned a bunch of strawmen ( asia is inferior etc ) . 
  same thing with east europeans then . 
  you ca n't assume he is going to go full hitler on * all * minorities . 
  in fact , he has praised turkey and turkish people . 
  he has refused to criticize erdogan too . 
  i think we 're far down the list of minorities to discriminate , if we 're on it . 
  i knew you were emotionally committed to keeping us out of europe . 
   ah i see , so you want something to exist in a category it clearly is n't in , because it sounds better than you . 
  for some reason you see asia as low value and europe as high value so you want this thing to be true when it clearly is n't the case . 
  i have no idea what secular or liberal has to do with being european . 
  it reminds me of when someone in east asia calls themselves western because they wear nikes and eat mcdonalds , well so what , everyone on earth does that . 
  fluff . 
   i am not a fan of emotional reasoning or accepting illogical assertions as truths , and really , what is more european than that ? 
  lol what ? 
  you 're being emotional right now . 
   what is more european than having a scientific and logical approach to applying categorisation . 
  tell me , what science is categorizing nations ? 
  someone scientific would realize that there are no true boundaries of cultural areas . 
   if an electron is 3 % chance of being here , and 97 % chance of being there , then we say it is there and not here . 
  we 're not talking about geography . 
   sorry , but no , i do not view turkey as european , okay , i view turkey as partially european , like most people . 
   and i hate to say it , but that 's pretty much the consensus where i live and travel . 
  is where you `` live and travel '' 4chan or reddit ? 
  sorry but this is not my experience . 
   so i took the time out of my day to answer your question , so how about you return the favour . 
  could you tell me what practical effect , or how your life would change at all , if the world magically extended european borders to include the middle east ? 
  what do you think you will get ? 
  is it just a perception thing or is there some practical gain ? 
  joining the eu would be the practical gain . 
  you clearly know nothing of turkey if you believe it exists solidly in any category . 
  pathetic . 
  this conversation is over , i have better things to do than argue with clearly right-wing people on reddit . 
  you are thinking of `` davut '' or `` davud '' . 
  dunno bout that stuff mate . 
  i just assumed most turks in europe are central/east anatolian erdoganists . 
  because i 'm a secular liberal turk . 
  thus i want turkey to be considered by itself and others to be european , because that essentially secures a relatively liberal future for my country . 
  now tell me , why do ** you ** care so much ? 
  your two examples of `` light '' spaniards do n't look that different than the average turk to me . 
  turks would be on average more yellow skinned and have darker hair . 
  i know there are blonde spaniards and blonde turks , but they are the exception . 
  also most turks do n't look asian at all . 
  is that why so many of them support death penalty for apostates ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , but he seems to be fairly okay with turks , based on what he 's said . 
  i do n't think i 've seen a turk involved in an islamic terror attack yet . 
  will happen soon , probably . 
  trump is n't racist to turks , though . 
   the back of their heads are usually flatter than europeans , its pretty noticable . 
  that 's because they lie flat on their backs all the time , as babies . 
  the only legit skull shape difference i 've seen is the anatolian bump . 
  i myself do n't have a flat back head , neither does most people i know . 
   firstly , you do know that 97 % of our genes are the same as mice ? 
  do we look like mice ? 
  no , so do n't bring that bullcrap argument . 
  i am talking about appearance not about gene similarities . 
  you said `` similarities '' . 
  i guess i misunderstood you . 
   second , no he did n't say nordic but neither did he say eastern , he just generalized the entire continent like we all look the same .
