  as if erdogan wants to join the eu . 
  i ca n't find it . 
  is the people trusting putin the german alt-right ? 
  would explain the difference between russia and turkey . 
  well the eu is n't currently on the table for erdogan to begin with . 
   so close to so many conflict zones that the eu might be weary of bordering iraq and syria in particular . 
  i do n't think this is an issue , it 's easier to stop them at the mountains in the southeast of turkey than it is to stop them taking a short boat ride to greece from our west coast . 
  also we 've already almost built one of the longest walls in existence against our border with syria . 
   there 's also the armenian genocide issue not going to stop an eu membership though . 
   and the potential for a greek veto . 
  very unlikely , they usually support turkish membership . 
  i 'm thinking a cyprus veto is more likely but i think that we 're fairly close to solving that problem . 
  really , the big problems were the fact that the population of eu countries are strongly anti-muslim and thus turkey is already in trouble , and the fact that turkey would vote with gb against every extension of eu power . 
  the latter problem is gone now , and the former will be gone as long as the eu borders are shut and turkey recovers from this insanity . 
  yes , but its going to make it even harder for him to rule is the point . 
  a yes is n't going to improve his chances , it 's just going to let him keep his position for a while . 
  i do n't think its going to be rejected , considering how much of the governments resources are used for propaganda . 
  atleast you 're not literally the feet and the ground . 
  wonder how much they paid people to say `` no '' with their faces on display . 
  why has n't it happened in sweden or the netherlands then ? 
  and why did it happen in turkey , usa , poland and hungary ? 
  the difference is stability and education . 
  we had the former but never the latter . 
  the turks in your country is most likely from the east . 
  indeed , and it 's fairly obvious that he has no plans to join the eu either . 
  i doubt a king of ashes can last particularly long when he has made so many enemies , but that 's another discussion . 
  but what i 'm talking about is still affecting us right now . 
  europeans seeing us as a pretty hard `` other '' will affect us much more than eu membership since it allows the european governments to take a passive stance to anything horrible that happens in turkey . 
  i genuinly think that most of eastern europe would be in our position aswell if it was n't for the eu . 
  just look at serbia and russia . 
  thx, 
  why are you fixated on the current situation ? 
  do you think presidents are forever ? 
  i 'm saying that this is what kept us out during erdogan 's early liberal years , and will continue keeping us out after his presidency , unless the eu mans up and overrules their ignorant citizens . 
  your opinon is n't a `` problem '' , but rather the fact that your opinion is so widespread . 
  it really denies us any chance of joining up with the western side so to speak , even when turkey becomes normal again . 
   edit : have i mentioned that despite being mostly in asia i consider a turkey european ( politically ) , because at do , and i want to make that clear . 
  if anything , that 's wrong . 
  culturally we are eurasian , and probably politically also . 
  i feel bad for you , blocking since i have useful shit to do . 
  i doubt the admins is gon na like this exchange , so enjoy it while it lasts . 
  edit : oh wow , the admins were fast , haha . 
  lol , you 're sinking pretty low here . 
  at the end of the day , i have a working brain and you believe in crazy concepts and try to argue by claiming your inherent superiority to the opponent . 
  good luck in life , you 'll need it . 
  turkey is very much a part of the civilized world , unless your definition of that is europe - islam + christian congo + monkey poo + cheese banana , which would n't surprise me . 
  xdddd, 
  nice downvote , loser . 
  uhhhh , no europe = european continent . 
  gb is in europe thirteen colonies = gb thirteen colonies = / = europe thirteen colonies = north america do n't know why i 'm bothering typing this out , you 're never changing your mind . 
  perhaps you 're literally insane , who knows . 
  haha , that 's the telltale signs of someone who has lost an argument and is too dense to concede it . 
  xddd, 
   accusing a northern european who does n't like turkey of being assyrian is one way to argue i guess lol , the fact that you see it as an accusation tells me plenty of your political views . 
  and the uk is n't northern europe . 
  you 're arguing that some part of the world being controlled by a country in europe * literally makes them part of the european continent * . 
  that 's most of the world , by the way . 
   you 're not a smart man the irony , it burns . 
   i would n't mind , they were european colonies so they could return are you actually arguing that colonies are the continents of their overlords ? 
  holy shit you are really sinking with the ship are n't you . 
   have you seen blonde hair blue eyed assyrians before ? 
  there are probably a few . 
  you ca n't have any other motivation for this absurd idea than being one yourself . 
  lol , so you 're saying goa is european ? 
  and the phillipines ? 
   3 ) you understood all of that but you 're turkish and feel slighted that i specifically excluded your country with my definition . 
  bye nah , your definition is massively retarded . 
  you 're probably an assyrian yourself . 
  i guess you just downvoted me and left when you realized how dumb it really is . 
  huh ? 
  it fills all of your criteria , it 's in eurasia and christian . 
  are you diaspora ? 
  erdogan are n't nearly as powerful as he seems from the outside . 
  this referandum is his only way of clinging to power . 
  oh , so you have some kind of univesity degree in turkish politics ? 
  you 're literally the definition of a sheltered armchair politician . 
  is that why there were open atheists in the caliphate during the middle ages ? 
  get real dude , no one cares about laws that do n't suit them . 
  again , this is simply your own bias . 
  armenia has managed to sell themselves as european through christianity , anti-muslim rhetoric increasing in europe and their massive diaspora , while people here didi n't see any benefit in doing so due to their racism and bigotry against europe . 
  in no way is turkey more or less asian than a country that is literally 100 % in asia and has always been so . 
  yeah and it 's a big problem for us . 
  half of south korea is european confirmed !, 
  we can really use your romanian culture here bro , my bike is too safe right now . 
  : dd edit : it 's a freaking joke before someone gets emotional . 
  one thing to keep in mind then would be that if this mental map of yours is to be accepted as true , turkey is literally surrounded by europe on all sides but the south east , which is kurdish anyway . 
  seems to me to be even less elegant than excluding the caucasus . 
  uhhhhhhh, 
  i love that site , it excludes turkey from first but then changes its mind and uses a picture of the blue mosque as their leading introduction for `` europe geography '' . 
  also they are literally using contradictory maps . 
  mhm , as i suspected then . 
  what is your mental picture of turkey and armenia respectively ? 
  uh , so syria , egypt , maghreb ? 
  i do n't think europeans are particularly warm towards us no , but that does n't mean we should n't have standards . 
  would you let isis rule the rest of the world because `` europeans '' do n't like it ? 
  the best way for my country to resist european anti-turkism ( which by no means is all europeans ) we 'd have to be a strong country . 
  that 's not achieved by constant conflict and antagonism . 
  clearly / s, 
  to our spanish cousins , you may come our country , you may live in zoo !, 
  how about assyrians ?
