  well , western europe is . 
  constantinople the country ? 
  i just love his photos , they never fail to make me smile . 
  ruskiys , israelis and arabs are , but those guys are used to instability and terrorists i guess . 
  hmm ? 
  i do n't think something as drastic as taking away dual citizenship is needed but it might be useful for people 's safety at this point tbh . 
  that 's like thinking florida is representative for all of the u.s. where are you from originally ? 
  islamic countries have the unique problem of having an unreformed religion . 
  i do n't see how this is going to end well , because the developing western hatred ( for liberal muslims to , might i add ) is just giving these massive bigots in the muslim world a bunch of ammunition . 
  turkey is actually fairly lucky , considering how we could have turned out . 
  i wonder where in turkey you lived ? 
  while i agree this country is sexist as shit you can definitely live as you want as a secular man where i 'm from . 
  also the majority of the country is secular and conservative-nationalist . 
  lol , i have n't seen that even here . 
  lol , the most american comment of the day goes to ... 
  goddamn you are snarky . 
  did you pop a blood vessel at that secularism in turkey poll earlier ? 
  turkey is hardly the most secular muslim country regardless . 
  that would be azerbaijan or perhaps albania . 
  you 're using the behaviour of islamists in the arab world ( and south asia ) to shit on literally all of a very large and nuanced religion . 
  and you think you 're being clever ? 
  do you even understand what islam is and what it contains ? 
  shit on arabs , fine . 
  not that it 's correct , but atleast its a tiny bit better . 
  there is no logical justification for your views , and thus you 're at the same level mentally as a trump voter or an islamist , but perhaps even more dangerous . 
  you are motivated by feelings and an unshakable belief in a certain worldview . 
  trash like your kind is what destroyed the arab world and might still destroy europe , again . 
  edit : most of all , we secular turks have been dealing with reality bending right wingers for 15 years . 
  i get worried when the cancer is clearly spreading to the netherlands as well . 
  hmm ? 
  i quite enjoyed it actually . 
  reddit was full of anglophones who thought istanbul would become constantinople again . 
  the shock during the glitch in the matrix that our reconciliation was for their worldview was quite fun to watch . 
  i am unaware of any medieval tools used in turkey , or albania , or azerbaijan . 
  but sure , literally make up how the world looks and continue pretending you 're better than le pen voters . 
  you have the same delusion of being completely incapable of any kind of nuance when you look at the people you 've learnt to hate . 
  pathetic really . 
  how i hope your far-right wins . 
  i want to watch your country go down the shitter , all because of a few muslims . 
  i will admit that 's basically the impression i 've had . 
  i 'm guessing it 's wrong then . 
  it 's just tourists dude . 
  as for the political side , i do n't think erdogan has much choice in allies these days . 
  sure as fuck it 's your problem . 
  why are n't you doing anything of substance to integrate these people then ? 
  you ca n't control what people believe in either . 
  your only option is old school regional bans on migration . 
  and i 'm sorry if i make you cry , but i reserve the right to call you a jingoistic bigot . 
  i know the b-word is n't pc , but you can go to your safe space subreddits if you ca n't handle it , instead of flooding r/europe threads as soon as islam is brought up . 
  i can only imagine the level of furious thick skull that inspires someone to type `` i want it to stop '' in all caps . 
  why ? 
  russians are alright, 
  your entire comment history is about muslims , why do these random ridiculous threads pop up now and again ? 
  we will continue living in your precious west regardless . 
  eu migration is why britain left, 
  how do you think most of eastern turkey became `` north kurdistan '' ? 
  are you bulgarian ? 
  in that case you would know this better than me . 
  your original claim was that slavs are though of as slaves by turks . 
  do n't change the goalposts . 
   many of the slavs you list are the natural consequence of this . 
  harem slaves produce offspring . 
  errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , i 'm fairly sure those slavs already mixed into the turkish population . 
  the slavs i 'm talking about are either muslim converts that had to flee from the balkans or russian/ukranian post order brides . 
  culturally closer to iraq than to britain ? 
  i would n't think so , not even we are closer to iraq . 
  they 're kinda their own thing . 
  excluding the fact that all muslim-majority areas in europe is located in eastern europe maybe , dumbkopf . 
  almost thought your flair was kekistan . 
  guessing you 're american if you think this has to do with whiteness . 
  unlikely, 
  what a shit title , as if controlling borders is a stance against immigration . 
  salt detected, 
  report him for agenda pushing and let the mods sort him out . 
  this guy has been everywhere on reddit dropping anti-turk comments . 
  i think it 's the alt of u/electro-n or something . 
  why are commenters like you ** always ** american . 
  tend to be the other way around , most american lurkers think ee is some kind of muslim-free heaven . 
  do n't scroll down guys . 
  oh god it 's you again . 
  edit : even my internet hates you . 
  oh god it 's you again . 
  you were fighting our ancestors . 
  i do n't know anyone who could possibly be butt hurt about something that happened 2000 years ago anyway . 
  wow , a google image of a poor neighbourhood . 
  very good facts . 
  http://i.imgur.com/qbwvxfn.jpg that 's an actual hdi map of turkey . 
  istanbul has very high hdi . 
  according to your logic , i should pull up a few pictures of the calais jungle and claim france is a poor african ghetto . 
  nah but you seem to spend most of your day stating these `` facts '' . 
  bulgaria is/was ( do n't know recent stats ) poorer than turkey . 
  that usually results in immigration . 
  is there any part of this that you have a problem with ? 
  jesus , you just devolved rapidly into personal insults when you could no longer defend your christian brothers by logic . 
  thanks for confirming my belief for me . 
  cite your sources that slavs were only thought of as slaves . 
  you 're making an extraordinary claim here . 
  do you have any idea of how many slavs there are in turkey ? 
  what is a pole . 
  something as massive as that would n't be a secret for long .
