  what would you consider to be racist then ? 
  so we will get slightly more dumb american flair less posts than usual ? 
  i think they 'll get a fourth nasty surprise if they think germans are that stupid . 
   disenfranchised white people is that what you call nazis ? 
  kawaii, 
  what is that flair, 
  eh , borders were not strict before the 19th century ... 
  black people were specifically brought in to be eunuchs . 
  what is even going on in your head , what we did was to other of `` our race '' in the balkans , so the conditions for guilt is n't the same . 
  not that i think anyone outside of north america has white guilt . 
  sounds healthy to me, 
  you joke , but this is how our corner works ,, 
  tea empire, 
  georgia is european ... just because the lines are arbitrarily drawn through countries does n't mean it excludes those countries from being part of the european cultural/political sphere . 
  also stop gatekeeping , you 're not even european so it 's doubly stupid . 
  norway is cheating more . 
  if you like genital mutilation , riots and honor killings . 
  better not make any sudden moves . 
  this is some high level cosplay , you should open a patreon . 
  norway is cheating, 
  you should take in some kurdish refugees and see how you like it . 
  would n't recommend it . 
  i love how your scrambling to silence any negative press on pkk terrorists , i 'm sure you 're not kurdish or american . 
  american detected . 
  one valley is in europe . 
  in my eyes georgia is european just like any other borderland countries ( like us ) and that is the official position of this forum aswell . 
  but am sick of the alt-right trolls that think religion divides geographical regions . 
  well , that 's a massive oversimplification of course . 
  in certain issues the lurking hordes of mostly north americans will upvote right-wing opinions . 
  the actual regulars are left-wing . 
  this has to be false flag , barely active account . 
  if anything , defending sharia law is islamophobic , considering how harmful it is for muslims . 
  well ... 
  still is . 
  a large chunk of it is european , unfortunately . 
  the source is n't in europe though . 
  his post history is a good companion to his wish to silence this particular issue . 
  what 's hard to understand ? 
  terrorism can never be good . 
  it 's both hilarious and sad that you genuinly have to tell westerners this . 
  it 's a joke that you 're an american and thus do n't know geography . 
  sorry , not reading . 
  if i want to hear your opinion , i 'll go to 4chan . 
  usually you reply with something relevant to the parent comment though . 
  but sure , maybe that 's just me and my islamo-fascist-marxist anti-christian chemtrail ways . 
  why are you downvoting me every time you reply ? 
  no wonder i had you tagged as a lunatic . 
  seeing your post history just confirms it . 
  i feel bad for you , since being both a lunatic and polish can hardly be easy . 
  the inferiority complex is just the cherry on top in your case i think . 
  please stop replying to me i have other shit to do . 
  okay , good for you . 
  poland seems like a wonderful place to live . 
  / s seriously though , my point still stands even if you hate muslims or not . 
  it 's completely independant , muslims could be literal devils like you describe it or fucking angels . 
  i 'm still trying to figure out what kind of mental disorder could prompt such a ridiculous and unrelated wall of text . 
  that prompted the expected wall of text , reads like freaking t_d . 
  anyway , your romantic post will not change reality . 
  as it stands , the west is engaged in a spiral of violence , like it or not . 
  you should n't care anyway , considering your flair . 
  flair checks out . 
  stop being so butthurt . 
  you expect us to know the difference ? 
  * facepalm * why did you have to add in your political views on these maps ? 
  so unnessecary , even if they might be popular on right leaning forums such as this . 
  that 's not a very popular opinion on the non-turkish internet . 
  are you sure you picked the right flair ? 
  oh i saw georgia so i assumed you included partially european leaders . 
  no idea what definition you 're going by . 
  especially interesting since the map you 're using seems to cut off the middle east too . 
  edit : i think someone might be triggered by turkey 's existance again . 
  erdogan has none ? 
  that ca n't be right . 
  he has like 1 billion . 
  powerful advanced turk tech is not understand to filthy western minds . 
  erdogan and his huge tables . 
  how do you even reach the flowers ?? 
  without rubbing your dick on the table that is . 
  edit : as in the people putting the flowers there ... 
  have fun with your cycle of violence . 
  hey , not the west coast !, 
  are you sure she is n't erdogan with a wig ? 
  they would n't even know these names . 
  we 're the alabama of europe . 
  charlie hebdo is utter shit , seems like being attacked before is all that substains them . 
  reported to reddit admins . 
  taken screenshots as well . 
  turkey and ... texas ? 
  that opinion makes about as much sense as climate denying and flat earthers . 
  greece stahp, 
  well , you ca n't go around beating people up even with erdogan as president . 
  antalya is fine during ramadan too . 
  only ayran for a whole life soon . 
  lolsto , maybe in yozgat . 
  welcome montenegro , hopefully more will follow . 
  fuck it , okay then . 
  anything is better our current neighbours . 
  well ... many of the `` turks '' living there were simply converts to islam , and as for the middle east , turks have been living there for alot longer than 500 years . 
  i do n't get how you are still a coloniser after such a long time , but sure m8 . 
   but it does n't seem right that we can flatly slate britain for raping half the world and sending colonists there to displace the locals , but turkey gets an excuse because , effectively , they were doing it for longer .
