  this is a fact that you can not change no matter how much you want to . 
  turkey has its own cultural sphere that overlaps with both the middle east and yes , europe . 
   so i 'm not saying that turks should n't be allowed to join european society . 
  but rather that we should strive to take in those turks that are n't nationalistic about turkey . 
  that are n't religiously venomous shits and that are closer to upbringing and education to an average upper class european so let 's kick out hungarians and polish people then , since religiousity and nationalism makes you uneuropean . 
  i 'm sure most bulgarians had an upbringing and education close to most upper class europeans . 
  or are you just making special rules for turkey ? 
  surely you as a liberal minded blonde would not do such a thing ? 
  what do you mean by `` take in '' ? 
  the net migration rate from turkey to western europe is negative . 
   i 'd rate you higer than rest of middle east thank you so much !, 
  i personally rate eastern europe worse than central africa . 
   but you 're still part of it no matter how you slice it . 
  yeah , and we 're part of southeast europe no matter how you slice it too . 
  these are how others have chosen to define our territory . 
  europe does n't exist anyway , its eurasia . 
   i as a blue eyed , white and liberal minded person stand out from the average public here . 
  you mean alt-right is liberal now ? 
   a turk stands out twice as much , both my grandparents are blue eyed , and i have light skin and brown hair , but i guess that is just a rare exception among the brown masses of turkey ? 
  hahaha . 
   a somalian or middle easterner can at times be simply incompatible with people living here . 
  in what ways ? 
  whiteness is a social construct , not a skin colour thing at all . 
  greeks and turks are both the same average skin colour yet only one is accepted as white . 
  that is ridiculous , what in turkish culture is incompatible with `` western culture '' , considering you probably consider extremely liberal hungarians `` western '' . 
  do you think we ride on camels too ? 
  turkey and greece are way closer culturally than greece and norway is . 
  this is a fact that you can not deny , caused by thousands of years of being in the same empire ( s ) . 
  no , and breivik was the effect of having sex . 
  haha do you really think the far-right is pro-lgbt ? 
  he is pointing out that there is a clear agenda behind the far-right pride march , they picked an area where conservative muslims live for a reason , in order to stir up conflict between muslims and other communities . 
  hitler wanted to deport the jews at first . 
  trump wants to ban certain people from entering the country . 
  they are both right-wing populists , even if they 're not exactly the same . 
  edit : downvoter denying that trump is a right-wing populist ? 
  wtf, 
  which cesspool is this ? 
  europe ? 
   and there 's a reason many non-arabic foreign fighters are from turkey . 
  a majority of which are kurds . 
  most of them were born in germany and have citizenship . 
  what i 'm saying is , what is your excuse to treat turks like potential spies , beside your obvious hatred of us ? 
  how many turks have been involved in terror attacks recently ? 
  and how many native west european converts ? 
  the answer is more . 
  you 're a moron who does n't know the difference between a turk and an arab . 
  learn to spell too , or are you too `` dence '' ? 
  edit : i do n't disagree with recording peoples views on certain things though . 
  i think we should imprison extremists on antarctica . 
  including the far-right ( you ) . 
  no , but i 'm not dumb enough to think everybody of a huge religion is the same to begin with . 
  the people down voting me seem to , however . 
  r/europe ... 
  a turk is a potential spy for what ? 
  what race is that ? 
  `` white people '' is the strangest way to refer to native germans i 've ever seen , you are n't american by any chance ? 
  beside , a good chunk or the vast majority ( depends on how you define white ) of muslims are white . 
  so turkish islam , albanian islam , bosnian islam , kazakh islam , egyptian islam , saudi islam , iranian islam , indian islam and indonesian islam are all the same ? 
  well , that 's accurate to turkey from a neo nazi point of view . 
  what does that make the balkans ? 
  thank god for the south . 
  i 'm always surprised at how damn big istanbul is . 
  we seriously need to spread that shit out a bit . 
  hah , you 'd have to be very sensitive to find a personal insult in my comment . 
  you are willfully ignorant on our history and frankly i have better people to waste my time on than someone who literally thinks we 're related more to arabs than to greeks or georgians or whatever . 
  mhm , well taking in like 50.000 immigrants a year is hardly sustainable . 
  limiting it is wise for integration reasons , and not a statement against any religion or culture . 
  again , none of your business . 
   so what 's your point here ? 
  nice distraction , literally all your typed so far has been obviously false and based on ignorance , either due to stupidity or perhaps willfully to fit your worldview . 
   you seem to know your history . 
  are you denying that in every aspect ottoman empire was an islamic empire ? 
  that from the beginning it 's purpose was conquest and subjugation of christian europe ? 
  hence why it allied itself with christian countries ? 
  do n't be so pathetically naive . 
  while i 'm sure the common folk were fed by ideas of cihat this was in no way the motivation for the top . 
   your world was islamic , shared with arabs and that 's it . 
  incursions into europe were always hostile . 
  like it or not european countries even secular nowadays share roman and christian roots . 
  european countries were changing through ages along specific lines and fought common enemy - ottoman empire . 
  your entire argument literally hinges on assuming that you 'd have to be christian to be european . 
  do you seriously think changing religions magically made bosniaks into middle eastern people ? 
  this is not how it worked in turkey either . 
   turkey was and is a part on mena in every aspect , civilizational , cultural , religious etc. 
  and i think you know it . 
  wow , you 're not even worth my time . 
  do n't reply to me anymore if you do n't even know basic history and culture . 
  oookay , and who are you to judge how many `` legal muslims '' is too many ? 
  unless you 're swedish this is none of your business . 
  this is completely unrelated to what i said . 
  either you 're a kurd hiding behind a polish flair or you 're a sheltered rich polish leftist . 
  whatever the case , leave us alone . 
  oh , and please point to any turkish redditor that actually defends the current government . 
  you 're attempting to justify terrorists . 
  it 's like justifying isis because assad is a piece of shit . 
  loss of life is the same , and by broadcasting terrorism you only help them . 
  you have an absurd definition of heritage then . 
  and ? 
  i have to live with these people so i 'd know better than someone from bumfuckville , az who gets all their knowledge of kurds from american media and americans circlejerking on reddit . 
   you 're not the judge here .
