  you picked the two most uneuropean things about us . 
   we can be good neighbours , though . 
  you and me do n't decide that , if all europeans were like you we 'd be in war . 
  beside , he told the muslim world . 
  yeah , erdogan is probably not pro-eu . 
  but it 's hard to sell leaving the muslim world for europe if we might get rejected at the door , so there is very little support for the eu in turkey . 
  well , this will be awkward in the future . 
  if you have a hard time understanding , this would be like us openly declaring that the terror attack in belgium was an `` armed struggle '' and not terrorism . 
  i do n't think this is legit though . 
  both is happening . 
  ignorance on both sides . 
  what would be the justification to permaban turkey from the eu ? 
  you 're right . 
  most pkk members are kurds from turkey . 
  you are literally deranged , you will never accept any position other than your own . 
  it 's either me who edited something or erdogan 's propaganda to you . 
  conveniently you ignored * google * also placing turkey as the center of landmasses . 
  jesus you 're humiliating yourself so hard . 
  edit : noticed you called hurriyet `` akp-controlled '' ahahahaahahaahahah , i guess i 'm under akp control too then ? 
  like everyone who tries to break your bubble of illusion . 
  we 're as european as we 're west asian , that will never change . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i didi n't edit shit . 
  [ even google has marked turkey as the geographical center . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/google-marks-turkeys-corum-as-center-of-the-earth.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=100514&amp;newscatid=341 )  a new calculation made via a global digital surface model by holger isenberg in 2003 adjusted the center and marked \u00c7orum province as the world 's geographical center . 
  try again , without the cognitive dissonance . 
  edit : also nice downvote , helps you recover from the humiliation this exchange has been for you . 
  i thought you meant kebabrepublik nordturkei , but that too . 
  cool stuff . 
  god , you 're a slow one . 
  i 'll quote it for you . 
   in 1973 , andrew j. 
  woods , a physicist with gulf energy & environmental systems in san diego , used a digital global map and calculated the coordinates on a mainframe system as 39 \u00b0 00 \u2032 n 34 \u00b0 00 \u2032 e , in modern turkey , 1,000 km north of giza [ 7 ] [ unreliable source ? ], 
  go to the toilet already , you 're so constipated . 
  constipated comment above . 
  center as in * geographical * center , like i stated above . 
  istanbul is n't a turkish name , but sure . 
   i do n't know why some turkish men are offended when someone use constantinople . 
  more like alt-righters spamming `` constantinople '' as if anyone cares . 
  chomarr is how i pronounce it . 
  our white thrash . 
  so you like the name copenhagen ? 
  how do you feel about english names being used on danish cities ? 
  muslim country = bad at doing stuffs probably his logic . 
  sounds like you ran into a comar . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  fuck it , let 's just move to space . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  feel betrayed that someone who expected to share your values is actually not a frothing bigot ? 
  omg , all this time we 've been trying to get erdogan the * person * to join the eu ? 
  not our country ? 
  it was named constantinople at the time , 
  turkey actually * is * the geographic center of all the land in the world ( so not including oceans ) . 
  edit : downvoted for a neutral fact ? 
  your english is making my eyes bleed . 
  you 're just changing the goalposts constantly , please stop replying . 
  let it all out people . 
  interesting , you changed what we are talking about as you realized i was right . 
  huh . 
  well , the same thing still stands , if we are n't european , then byzantines are n't european . 
   same can be said about you i 'm not the extremely ignorant one . 
   no displacing happens in the example , just switch in rulling . 
  are you saying turkey is ruled by non-anatolians ? 
  what relevance does this even have ? 
   ethnically yes - they are turks , nationality wise - most likely not , at this point we can speak of a new nation . 
  ethnic group is what we 're discussing . 
   to sum up again - yes turkic people lived in the are of byzantine , no they didi n't , only a very small amount . 
   but there 's no continuation between the byzantine and ottoman/turkey , they are in two separate brackets there is no statewise continuation between turkey and the ottomans , but the ottoman dynasty descended partially from a byzantine ruling dynasty , and part of the sultan 's title was `` ceasar of rome '' . 
  but this is all irrelevant , we are speaking of the ethnic group of the people . 
  source on ancient greeks being lighter skinned than todays greeks ? 
  beside , central asians were n't particularly dark themselves , probably lighter than the average anatolian . 
  you really do n't get things do you ? 
  polish education ...  had kurds gained power and took control over area that is today turkey and created a new state , would you call them turkish ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  what kind of example is this ? 
  your example is an ethnic group * displacing * another . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  i 'll use a more accurate example . 
  imagine if a small group of americans moved into turkey and conquered it , 900 years later all turks spoke english and identified as americans . 
  would you not call the above americanized turks ? 
  tired of saying this , but current populations did not `` arrive '' anywhere . 
  the people of anatolia were turkified by a small invasion force , most turks descend from the same people who lived here during homer 's time . 
  you guys never get a break . 
   you equated different people groups with each other `` people groups '' are bound together by descent  you got extremally wide understanding of `` the same people '' . 
  once hellenized or turkified or whatever else it 's not longer the same people group and why is it no longer the same `` people group '' ? 
  are the french not gallic ? 
   compelete change of law , culture , religion , traditions this is patently false . 
  yes the religion changed but most of the old traditions lived on in an islamified form and were shaped into what we know today as turkish culture . 
  do you actually know ** anything ** about us or are you just pulling shit out of your ass ? 
  regardless , the argument was sparked by you spilling bullshit bile and calling us `` invaders '' while we are literally the same people who have always lived here . 
  you 're going down with the ship !, 
   this is wrong . 
  you confuse nationalities , `` race '' / language group and local groups . 
  i do n't even understand what this sentance means ? 
  what am i confusing ? 
  we are hellenized and then turkified , still the same people for that . 
   turkey/ottoman empire are not successor states of byzantine empire i 'd love to see your statement backed up atleast one argument . 
  therefore turks = ottomans , byzantines , anatolians . 
  you claimed we were invaders while we are actually the natives . 
  how does that not conflict ?
