  jeez . 
   i guess it is hard to find and equivalent from the christian world not really , it 's harder to find an erdogan in the muslim world . 
  he 's like the neo-nationalism right now in europe . 
   trump is far more better and decent and more secular than erdogan though . 
  secular probably , but erdogan is actually competent . 
  i doubt they would pick sides though . 
  if they did they 'd turn it into another syria . 
  so what is erdogan if not a turkish trump ? 
  islamism exists on a spectrum too you know . 
  right , that was the ottoman dynasty . 
  turks are anatolians , same people who inhabited this country thousands of years ago . 
  i feel racist by saying this , but your ignorance was expected considering your flair . 
  how about you go suggest your own country into war ? 
  it would destroy the aegean coast , why would a war with greece destroy the ararat region ? 
  obviously no one wants a war . 
  someone is projecting his nation 's irrelevance . 
  mostly native anatolian culture with large amounts of persian , caucasus and balkans culture thrown in . 
  scouting for the anschluss . 
  okay , guess byzantium was middle eastern too then , since it was centered in anatolia and thrace ( like us ) . 
  would you prefer a cat ? 
  no , normal conservatism + mild authorianism is something like poland or trump . 
  obviously i do n't mean merkel . 
  do not translate the above if you are easily triggered . 
  so us being against you benefit you more ? 
  russia having free access to the bosporus and the west being cut of from the black sea benefits you more ? 
  having one of the largest armies in europe against you rather than with you benefits you more ? 
  i do n't get you at all . 
  currently we are just a second class member of the west , and even that could be disputed . 
  why continue being a guard that never gets to sleep in the keep ? 
  there is another alternative that will actually let us in , it 's called russia . 
  ran away successfully !, 
  keeping us on the western side . 
  * tengri intensifies *, 
  i doubt that will be enough . 
  what you need is a multiethnic , multifaith but not multicultural society . 
  right now people seems to think the only two options are growing the ghettos or building a wall . 
  it 's not really about islam , it 's about what culture you have . 
  european islam is vastly different from arabic islam , even if the former is losing against the latter due to inaction . 
  tell me more about these `` things '' . 
  12 % were favourable to islamic law according to an older poll , this number is 24 % ish this year . 
  though i lost the newer poll , ca n't find it . 
  ow , seems like you were really triggered by that . 
  i do n't think pc people prefer muslims over slavs . 
  after all , you 're called racist if you hate slavs too , you guys are `` immigrants '' too . 
  are you polish ? 
  just since you are assuming `` christian '' is still a thing in western europe . 
  slavs have always been an `` other '' to western europe . 
  even hitler , someone some poles look up to for some inexplicable reason , had said that the existance of poland is an insult to germany and that he aspired to kill them all ( like all slavs ) . 
  that 's not something you say about someone perceived as close to your own civilization . 
  oh , and many agreed with him in the rest of europe too . 
  do n't worry , they are not coming to you . 
  seculars are not the minority but soon they might be , last year the percentage of seculars decreased to 74-76 % from 88 % . 
  and no , some islamists will also leave with seculars , heard of gulenists before ? 
  i think it was a joke about turks ... 
  that 's your follow up ? 
  are you denying my skin colour ? 
  lol, 
  what has that to do with what i said ? 
  nice downvote btw . 
  i live in sweden , and i 'm as pale as my swedish friends . 
  so is many of the turks i 've seen in sweden , except the ones who stay in turkey for 3 months at a time ( which happens to be most of them ) . 
  and no , i do n't have any non-balkan european ancestry . 
  you see , turkey is very sunny , people who live in turkey are tanned . 
  how so ? 
  sorry to dissapoint you , but turks are descanded from the original anatolians . 
  no need for the aggressive ethnic comments . 
  that includes a pretty big chunk of europe according to your map . 
  blonde turks are pretty rare but light eyes are not that rare ( 20 % ) and most of us are fairly pale in the winter . 
  i 'm pale during summers too but i never go outside so . 
  i fail to see your point . 
  syrians have the same average skin colour as greeks , turks and south italians . 
  or atleast pretty close to . 
  not sure what the definition of white is . 
  maybe there are kurds in his country aswell . 
  least we do n't murder eachother constantly . 
  i do n't get why we are even friendly with a continent that hates us with such passion . 
  i guess we are n't anymore . 
  honor killings are more of a kurdish thing though , it 's rare among turks . 
  of course , kurds become turks when they do something bad . 
  jesus christ , stop replying to me . 
  not aryan though , maybe crying about that might work . 
  oh sorry , didi n't notice until now . 
  i 'm reporting you to the admins for trolling , you even admitted to it !, 
  i win . 
   i guess you did n't get the argument then . 
  when boiled down to it 's core or trying to generalise to put in some category it 's more natural to place ottoman empire into middle eastern than european box . 
  it is most natural to put the ottomans into the `` balkans '' or `` caucasus '' box , but you are just grasping at straws now . 
   eastern euopean if something ; that 's completley beside the point however no , `` eastern '' , as in not western . 
  tell me what else can be done ? 
  turkey is not legally responsible for refugees since we have n't signed the refugee convention , the eu has . 
  for doing what exactly ? 
  turkey has n't signed the updated refugee convention . 
  eu can not force turkey to take any refugees , not by any means at all . 
  read before commenting . 
  what if * gasp * women can be muslim too ? 
  most turks are n't . 
  we already had neo-fascism for most of turkey 's existence . 
   how will erdogan respond when european leaders start being uncomfortable with supporting millions of his voters within their borders , for instance ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  mass deportation of ethnic turks ?
