  is ok komsu , we suffer like we always do . 
  that 's a huge stretch . 
  a bunch of politicians yes , if you 're interested i can give you some names . 
  they are not part of the government but they are certainly influential . 
  imagine if kansas was an entire country , that 's turkey . 
  i think turkey 's would end quicker , but yes . 
  definately , atleast half of the country . 
  comment is awkward enough to be american . 
  i do n't think this government is supported by a majority , unless you are one of those people who swear that erdogan would never cheat in an election . 
  are you german by any chance ? 
  sorry we sent you the retards . 
   the westernized turks are fleeing turkey , oh yes , 30 million people are sitting on boats to greece right now !, 
  no one is fleeing , some young people are studying abroad so they can claim asylum if shit goes down , i do n't blame them . 
  yes , because we should really name our country after a failed empire . 
  if we secede , we are taking the name turkey . 
  they do n't care about turkey anyway , they just want the ottoman empire . 
  yup , but they have n't been going full apeshit for particularly long yet . 
  i picture a sweaty teenager in his room gleefully partaking of the doom when he clearly knows nothing about the shit he 's talking about . 
  turkey is about as fucked as america , i.e not really . 
  just that stupid democracy sometimes gives power to stupid people , and those stupid people really do n't like leaving and will burn everything down to stay in power . 
  i get it , doom and gloom is attractive , especially when it 's not about your own home . 
  gulen ca n't rule this country , do n't be ridiculous . 
  happened twice within like a year . 
  two times more than normal here . 
  like a 200 % increase . 
  lol , it 's funny to read uninformed comments that all follow the same cliche . 
  no way you can have a strong islamic nation when 50 % are dissidents . 
  beside , how can hanafi and sufi islam ( like turkish islam ) result in anything that could be remotely considered `` hardcore '' within islamic context ? 
  would appreciate it if you drop the buzz words . 
  nah , we 're going towards civil war . 
  iran was 90 % islamist , turkey is 50 % islamist . 
  she is right . 
  no one disputes the fact that akp is in power , but for how long ? 
  why is it worse ? 
  evolution teaching is hardly the only measure of goodness . 
  we do n't have the kind of islam that plagues the middle east . 
  this cold is going to take a while . 
  it is the future , whether you like it or not . 
  nationalism was invented pretty late into human history and it went from being absolutely dominant not too long ago to most youth rejecting it hard today . 
  the death of individual ethnic groups is unavoidable , but we will still have plenty of diversity in the future . 
  so you 're claiming that because uneducated humans are usually racist that means we should all become racist and set up border fences and have eternal ethnic groups living in total isolation from eachother ? 
   native europeans hmm , you think they care about east europeans or muslims from europe ? 
  they are hostile to swedes , because they are racist pieces of shit . 
  it 's time to face the facts . 
  i 'm sure westerners discriminating does n't help . 
  are you saying that it has no effect on the situation ? 
  `` religion of peace amirite guys !!!? 
  ? 11 '' this thread went to shit . 
  just give up dude , it 's flairless americans . 
  westerners refuse to rent out property to east europeans . 
  i would n't call them tolerant . 
  is n't that the definition of racism ? 
  fairly benign , but still . 
  it 's hard for them to see dissenting opinions , on t_d they just delete them . 
  it 's not even just refugees , it 's everybody foreign and slightly different looking . 
  south europeans , slavs , baltic people etc. 
  you 're not wrong here . 
  but the issue is the people above arguing that this is a thing we should ignore and let exist . 
  r/jesuschristreddit you are actually , 100 % unironically arguing that treating brown/slavic/asian / black citizens as equals is forcing europeans to change their entire way of life ? 
  it 's certainly not different here . 
  some places foreigners legit ca n't even live . 
  i think iran actually teaches evolution . 
  are you serious ? 
  t_d is currently targeting r/europe for brigading . 
  the most viscious anti-muslim opinions on here are about as european as r/le _ pen . 
  i 'm not saying that 's what we 're looking at in this thread , but i notice a huge difference between the normal threads and these threads in terms of userbase . 
  let the circlejerk begin, 
  standard alt-right arguments . 
  oh it 's * natural * to be racist . 
  sure mate , maybe you can not possibly imagine why someone would n't be racist or tribalist , but that does n't make everybody else like you . 
  it has also been a mosque . 
  that 's an undeniable part of history . 
  we do n't go around demanding hungary should rebuild minarets on our ex-mosques and restore them . 
  you are being petty right now . 
  they basically look the same . 
  honestly i do n't mind this at all , just like i would n't mind orthodox mass being held in it . 
  it has a long history of being both . 
  i do n't trust the akps intentions with this , but even after they 're gone i think we should hold muslim prayers in it until the greeks stop being so butt hurt . 
  hagia sofia is very different from the buddhas . 
  or are you saying holding muslim prayers specifically will destroy it ? 
  i think it can function as a church and a mosque personally . 
  the people you usually see on most threads , instead of weirdos clicking on threads that are remotely related to islam . 
  speak for yourself , i do n't act this way at all . 
  but if it makes you sleep at night , it does n't make you satan to dislike foreigners , even if it makes you dumb . 
  top comment is justifying discrimination . 
  thread is as brigaded as expected . 
  seems like there is large group of mainly americans and right wing europeans that only comment on these types of threads , while the normal users stay away . 
  name checks out, 
  hungarians are hardly in the position to decide that . 
  not sure why hungary was let in to begin with . 
  you might as well argue for racial borders then . 
  indeed , the iron curtain needs to come back . 
  western europe needs to protect itself . 
  is there a europe outside germany ?? 
  same in inner anatolia , you should move to the coast . 
  type 3 diabetes is what it gives . 
  that 's very different though . 
  both live or have lived vastly differently than their neighbours . 
  black people also have race to worry about , since even if they intermarry with white people , their children will also be considered black . 
  meanwhile an iraqi/swedish child will pass as native in sweden .
