  as for other asians , not really that much . 
  there are a few from korea and japan though , not sure why . 
  in a turkey people would be mostly curious . 
  lol , that could easily be turkey , just not any warm coast . 
  in fact , you ca n't really exclude any of those areas except for perhaps taiwan , malaysia and thailand . 
  tengri biz menen * throatsinging *, 
  we would be drinking ayran and playing tavla in our cauldron instead of escaping . 
  gon na have to build a wall even higher than trumps for that . 
  dumb as fuck . 
  he would be conviced of a much larger offense , oppositionhood . 
  a bit extreme , but you 're not wrong . 
  they are robbing the future of our species . 
  if they pull out that is . 
  heavy taxes on u.s imports . 
  honestly we should be sanctioning anybody who does this shit right now , there is really no excuse and its getting out of hand . 
  true , but we take care of his children for him . 
  what is that ? 
  nah , unless we traded izmir and balikesir for west thrace and crete before the exchange . 
  too late for that now . 
  how dare thee suggest that i were to name my firstborn after a lowly mortal name instead of our glorious eternal leader mandated by the heavens !! 1 ? 
  yeah , still waiting for that btw . 
  and why is that ? 
  i thought it was generally accepted info that you great and non-bigoted germans only rejected us because of human rights issues ? 
  you do n't need to log onto your sockpuppet because you usually get downvoted dude . 
  hoho , i do n't know where to begin . 
  if male : recep tayyip erdogan if female : recepiye tayyibie erdoganie, 
  classic south asian inferiority complex , nothing to see here . 
  i 'm not erdogan so you can continue worrying . 
  ah , the `` hope there is no non-white leaders in europe '' guy . 
  i absolutely trust your info 100 % . 
  yeah , after reforms . 
  we have the same attitude to our flag , so we understand it . 
  no plz, 
  we have n't had any coloured leaders here yet , but we have had a woman !, 
  use as much turkish as you can . 
  i would n't want actual federalism , i do n't it 's needed at all . 
  get on our level, 
  does cyprus count ? 
  hue, 
  turkey is european , so i assume you mean turks in the west ? 
  they are the descendants of really poor farmers , and very very insular , only making friends with other turks etc. 
  but not at all like most muslim immigrants . 
  is he iranian ? 
  if so then he 's very likely identifiably brown . 
  even other europeans get beat up in countries like poland for being `` arab '' . 
  sounds a bit compulsive ? 
  talk to a doctor, 
  once every two days , my showers are really long too . 
  why would you go around making statements like that unless you 're a nut bag trying to stir up trouble ? 
  if r/europe is a place you need to hide your right wing beliefs in , then honestly you 're extra far-right . 
  such as ? 
  lol , iranians are usually browner than both turks , syrians , yugos etc , so you will stick out even more than the typical immigrants . 
  but i do n't think racism is actually that much of a problem in western europe . 
  all of it , except maybe west coast . 
  i like thracian accent . 
  and the best in the world would have to be west country english . 
  uh , maybe not all of it , and it 's too late for that now . 
  we coulda kept the rest of thrace and greece could have kept izmir . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not sure how your statement applies to modern day turkey . 
  time for russian independance in estonia then . 
  yup , that 's the best a country like russia can expect . 
  clusterfuck then romans then clusterfuck then we did then clusterfuck then communism then clusterfuck, 
  turks also have massive foreign ancestry , so seeing people saying that their parents were from bulgaria/caucasus/albania is n't very rare . 
  while i am almost entirely of balkan heritage , it does n't magically make me less turkish . 
  and i do n't see myself as anything other than an anatolian . 
  as for children with a foreign parent , it really depends on which nationality the foreign parent has and whether or not the person in question is `` muslim '' . 
  i do n't have a problem with anyone identifiying as turkish , one drop rule does n't exist here either . 
  did we kill you ? 
  no , it 's just your regular friendly neighbourhood imperialism . 
  i do n't know if the nordics want to fuck/marry you ... 
  but it 's okay , kill your only nato friend . 
  that 's your problem . 
  you were never on kill bby < 3, 
  * fuck bosnia * marry azerbaijan * kill everyone else, 
  yes, 
  it 's not terrorism if they do n't target westerners . 
  dictatorship obviously . 
  it would be the famed benevolent dictator . 
  we do n't mind but we do n't know english soooo, 
  true : we hate everybody false : we are part of europe/asia/middleeast, 
  rare but not super rare . 
  they blend in well so you would n't know unless you 're in a synagogue . 
  this , it 's not how * you * treat them it 's how your countrymen would treat them . 
  empathetic to black and native americans . 
  maybe a bit racist still , though . 
  thx for latin america . 
  thanks for pizza , it 's almost as good as lahmacun . 
  austria got a cool gothic feel to it . 
  i 'm visiting soon hopefully . 
  thanks for taking care of our retards . 
  that we 're middle eastern lol, 
  balkans was considered near east before though . 
  more like christian countries became europe and muslim ones `` middle east '' , since there was no better term . 
  wow , i hope there are no turks in italy then . 
  hmm , so iran , cyprus , caucasus and turkey are all called arabia aswell ? 
  i do n't think anybody considers afghanistan or pakistan as part of the middle east outside of america . 
  orta do\u011fu `` orta dohu '' literally `` middle east '', 
  let 's ban people having kids since it will lower the total amount of deaths in the future !!, 
  ! 1 edit : oh i almost forgot , we must ban all kinds of traffic except walking , since people die because of those .
