  even if they spoke greek its still kinda ours . 
  those turks usually do n't frequent r/europe . 
  j2 is dominant in both greece and turkey . 
  no need to be ashamed . 
  didint find turkey , but i 'll assume it 's either coup related or uzung\u00f6l . 
  edit : why is this controversial ? 
  welcome to our world, 
  by the way , the guy is using sockpuppets to upvote himself . 
  this sort of shit does n't fly in r/europe normally . 
  erdogan is n't immortal, 
   not a kurd , a sympathiser . 
  sure dude . 
   have you seen recent maps of syria and iraq ? 
  pyd holds their territory in syria because syria literally is n't a country anymore . 
  when assad regains control ( or whatever ) they will be back in the country with some autonomy . 
  as for iraq , no problem there . 
  iraqi kurdistan is anti-pkk . 
   and how the world thinks about their arch-enemy turkey ? 
  :d the world prefers secular turks over anything else , and as soon as erdogan and isis is gone into the dustbin , the world will do the same as before and completely ignore kurds and their existance . 
  what will we ever do ?? 
  this is true . 
  we 're still secular . 
  he ca n't change that , yet . 
  -- u/anal-warrior 2017, 
  isis would be a more apt comparison . 
  but neo-islamism is quasi-fascist so that 's why they share the same macho militarist aesthetic . 
   kamalism oh boy , i do n't know what pit of the east you 're from but plenty of people in turkey are familiar with liberalism . 
  20 years, 
  certain political views ( known as extremophiles ) thrive in the barren and salty wasteland that is youtube comments , however . 
  meh , i 've seen worse comments . 
  more like putin is n't threatened by `` fake news '' citizens may find on wikipedia . 
  erdogan is very much threatened right now . 
  edit : thanks for my top comment ever , i 'll be awaiting the thought police . 
  i voted for it so yes, 
  yeah , send the yugos back to their countries !, 
  wait ... 
  is wikipedia even blocked in china amk, 
  riiight , so because 50 % of turks vote for erdogan does n't mean the entire country is backwards . 
  i saw a study that showed about 50 % of both the akp and hdp are `` islamist '' , using a very generous definition of islamism that is . 
  islamist kurds ( most kurds ) vote for akp , while certain islamist kurds whose sense of tribalism overwhelms their islamism votes hdp . 
   the kurds in syria for example have equality of men and women established in their constitution , 1922 turkey had secularism established in the constitution , do you think the ottoman population of turkey were even 10 % secularist back then ? 
  ypg is a left wing group terror group , and thus are feminists too . 
  there are left wing terror groups in india aswell , does n't make indians feminists . 
  all of your experience of kurds must be either from the internet or possibly a few political refugees in your own country . 
  you know nothing of how backwards they really are , for an example they are the only ethnicity in the middle east to practise female genital mutilation . 
  you want a whole country of that ? 
   all genocides are bad . 
  and if i see a russian denying the holodomor on reddit i 'll call them out on it . 
  how about the circassian and bosniak genocides ? 
  or the countless massacres and ethinc cleansing commited to turks ( genocidal according to some but generally ignored ) ? 
  edit : fixed section, 
  all of that americanized white genocide bullshit . 
  most likely why it got removed . 
  beside , what do you expect the immigrants and muslims to do ? 
  vote for a candidate that hate them ? 
  this is so surreal , is this an old guy that is jelly of young people or something ? 
  whats next ? 
  mass-suicide ? 
  this thread was dissapointing , most of the nutbags are just copy pasting eachother now . 
  democracy is for losers, 
  and there it came . 
  so so , my friend , let it all out . 
  i wo n't judge you . 
  you 're just another middle eastern leech living in western europe against the wishes of the natives , and your massive inferiority complex is causing your to be jealous ( ! ), 
  of anyone whiter than you . 
  especially us , who you want to be `` dragged down to your level '' ( in your sick mind ) . 
  science does n't matter to someone so turned from reality . 
  not that genetic science measures `` whiteness '' anyway , just that turks are kinda related to their neighbours to the northeast moreso than the south or west , and that kurds are aliens from eastern persia . 
  heyyy , that 's pretty good . 
  get on our level greece . 
  look at the rules . 
  no opinion is censored here , just tell me my friend . 
  i wonder what this truth could be , mr flairless north american . 
  lol , why . 
  anyway , welcome to our montenegrin friends . 
  wow , who knew someone called u/raped _ giraffe could be a racist shitsmear ? 
  shocking , truly . 
  that 's not a democracy then . 
   but my opinion wo n't change , what will we ever do ? 
   the armenian genocide was a genocide , and the kurds have a right to self-determination . 
  i just do n't understand how a random non-european could even give a shit about this stuff . 
  do you care as much about the circassian genocide or the holodomor as you do the armenian one ? 
  i 've yet to see anyone harassing russians online for that one . 
  as for the kurds , i agree . 
  the presence of a very large and backwards middle eastern ethnic minority in a supposedly secular and eurasian country will never work out well in the long term . 
  the idea was to assimilate them but you know how they are . 
  you misunderstood i think . 
  how is it wrong though ? 
  the muslim population of france might actually make the difference between le pen and populism and macron and democracy . 
  edit : the downvoters can think about this question , it 's fairly black and white to me . 
  maybe you are a le pen voter and you hate the fact that muslims can vote in france or are even in france to begin with , but what i 'm saying is n't passing judgement on the presence of darker ethnicities in france but rather a reality that should be observed . 
  well , that 's my point . 
  there are grades of dictaroship . 
  you 'd have to ask the syrians , oh wait . 
  do we want to ? 
  have you confused xenophobia with islamism ? 
  you 're correct , but it 's not a `` kurdish '' question , it 's a kck question . 
  we support the krg which is a non-terrorist kurdish organization , why ca n't you do the same and simply stop giving weapons to organizations that will kill our soldiers with them ? 
  `` authoritarian democracy '' does n't make much sense . 
  i understand western media disliking dictators , but the fact is that all of the surrounding `` facts '' change after strategic interests .
