  are they also european if they found their own country ? 
  eurasian is the most accurate label . 
  that said the borders of europe is more like a spectrum rather than actual borders . 
  greece or chechenya is certainly more related to armenia than to belgium . 
  i think they fit pretty well with iran , like us . 
  i 'm guessing we do n't fit in as asian either then ? 
  armenian is indo european . 
  shhh , do n't blow the cover . 
  thank you for opening my eyes , friend . 
  unlikely, 
  i would say yes if they asked me tbh . 
  you clearly do n't understand our politics then . 
  well that 's a massive lie and you know it . 
  just because we dislike islamism does n't mean you get free reign to shit on all of us . 
  this . 
  pretty much all polls published so far are ideologically stained in some way . 
  you will have an unlimited supply of kidneys . 
  we 're going apeshit, 
  i do n't think erdogan would accept a defeat here , he really wants the presidential system because otherwise he runs the risk of being thrown in jail by the opposition after he hits the max term limit as president . 
  what happened to the middle east ? 
  edit : and hatay !, 
  i think you may be schizophrenic dude . 
  okay then , i guess greeks didi n't build the parthenon because their religion and culture has changed since then . 
  absurd and ridiculous . 
  i do n't respect any of your opinions , clearly you do n't know shit about our culture or history . 
  really makes me sad that there are people like you that have such strong opinions yet ca n't bother to even wiki it . 
  not replying to you anymore . 
  learn to take a loss without blowing up please . 
  we have islamism, 
  it 's too late for that . 
  but yes , even akp co-founders and former high positions are questioning him now . 
  i would n't be suprised at this point , i 'm just terrified of what they will replace him with . 
  uh , uygurs in syria ? 
  uygurs turkish ? 
  turkish ethnic cleansing in syria ? 
  pass me some of that hewal weed , kurdish brother . 
  lol , never experienced it ? 
  we experienced the extreme version for most of our history . 
  you were n't allowed to wear headscarves in public buildings , you were n't allowed to be openly religious and run for office , you were n't allowed to have a headscarf wearing wife and hold high positions . 
  dumb american , as always . 
  huh ? 
  charming place really , though it looks like it 's been through some shit . 
  [ removed ], 
  north cyprus . 
  government is extremely hated , people not so much . 
  why would anybody hate an entire people ? 
  we have basically no foreign cuisine except for south korean/japanese people running pan-asian restaurants . 
  no idea why there are so many koreans here . 
  ewwwwwwwwww, 
  no clue what it is other than very mild climate and seems like a good place all around . 
  something like turamp . 
  nah , i would lika very high hdi democratic variant of turkey . 
  northerners are insane , southerners are crazy . 
  denver maybe ? 
  the city with the highest average wellbeing . 
  i am fine with china . 
  they seem to be pretty cool people too . 
  do something else . 
  if you 're going through tough times , even legit mental illness , ignoring it really helps . 
  kinda counts a bit, 
  iran is nice . 
  agreed . 
  eurasia is much more realistic . 
  man , of course you 're american ... 
  annoying , data is almost always also collected for turkey too so people leaving us out is usually a political statement unless it 's like an eu only thing . 
  russia , israelis , arabs . 
  used to be many germans and brits but not anymore . 
  sun , food and friendly people . 
  got a computer virus once as a kid , now i never use the internet on my pc . 
  they 're the worst . 
  exactly , but it 's not ugly at all . 
  it reminds me of turkish . 
  i can empathise so much with this , just switch gypsies with bedoiuns and vampires with isis . 
  i like hungarian , it 's like a language you would give to nazguls or evil aliens . 
  it sounds good . 
  the e meister, 
  generic turk tea, 
  no clue what it is beside it being a carribean territory if the u.s. 
  never heard in such incidents anywhere else , honestly . 
  once in turkey but that 's unsurprising . 
  well , i do like the concept of america , it 's kinda futuristic . 
  i imagine that it 's how our future colonies in space is going to end up , being a mix with one kinda dominant culture . 
  other than that , you 're going to have to be more specific . 
  so north serbs ? 
  but actually you 're northwest serbs ? 
  i 've gotten `` you do n't look turkish '' when travelling abroad , appearantly you have to be really dark to be turkish , til . 
  other than that people literally mistake me for every part of the world ever , from south america , to east europe , to iran etc. 
  czech kinda hate everyone it seems , but muslims especially . 
  do n't tell me why , probably related to czech people obessively inserting themselves into the western world and terrorism combined with regressive mentalities results in what you see . 
  many countries in western europe are waaaay less anti-semitic , and southern europe ( including us , hopefully ) are kinda racist but not threatening , while in east europe you can legit get beat up if they do n't like your race/ethnicity . 
  because of human rights issues i believe . 
  even if you pray in desperation every night that it 's about something else , something that will permanantly keep us scary turks out of your home country , it 's not . 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
   that 's more than against russia . 
  the difference in numbers make up the people who are like you . 
  i think it has more to do with a hatred of muslims rather than a love for jews . 
  you should visit other less hateful countries instead . 
  i do n't have opinions on that clusterfuck . 
   turks put women where they belong , ooookay then, 
  there are many people from other turkic countries , many of whom are asian .
