  : ddd, 
  so that 's how australia keeps the warboys off the streets !, 
  i 'm glad the south-east is n't included in this map ... 
  this is hard to read ... 
  that strawman . 
  no turkic , caucasian or armenian . 
  strange map . 
   the regular hood gang tends to be composed of second or third generation immigrants that fail at life and turn to crime . 
  just imagining yugos and kurds talking ebonic english now . 
  : ddd, 
  i do n't :(, 
  al-mualim showing us the way forward brothers, 
  what a manly man . 
  yes , anti-semitism is a form of racism . 
  we live in the darkest timeline , so i expect her to win that too . 
  populism seems unstoppable , just look at us . 
   turks were viewed as invaders here you know . 
  i probably know more greeks than you do , so do n't presume to talk for your nation . 
   there was no cultural exchange , blatantly denying reality again . 
   also marriages between muslims and greeks were prohibited . 
  most greeks in anatolia converted to islam , so that does n't make any sense . 
  as if being greek and being muslim is mutually exclusive . 
   i 've never said that . 
  we are greeks , we know who we are . 
  clearly not since you deny your similarities with your neighbours . 
  most greeks do n't do this . 
   it 's you turks who are desperate to make yourselves similar to us . 
  denying reality once again . 
  if we were desperate to look like you we would burn all our money and convert to a shitty version of christianity . 
   funny because greeks do n't view turks and other balkanites as similar to them once again , you pretend to speak for all greeks . 
  and who the fuck else are you `` similar to '' if not the balkans ? 
   some anatolian greeks are similar in appearance to you , yes . 
  but not the majority of greeks . 
  is that what they 're teaching you in turkey ? 
  yes , they are teaching us how greeks look , are you playing stupid ? 
  you can google all the relevant phenotype pseudoscience crap if you want . 
   i 'm very happy to be greek but i do n't like it when people who are not similar to greeks try to portray themselves similar to us . 
  being neighbors does n't mean much i do n't even know what to reply to someone denying reality . 
  all neighbours are similar . 
  maybe you have a different definition of similar ? 
   how do you have the courage to say all of these nonsense after all the things you turks did in cyprus ? 
  you still occupy them . 
  after all the things you did to pontics and other people ? 
  your leaders constantly threaten us . 
  how is this relevant to the issue at hand ? 
  japan hates korea and is n't the same religion as korea , and is n't the same culture as korea , but it does n't mean they have no similarities suddenly . 
  even they are much less similar than countries in the ex-ottoman empire are , including turkey and greece . 
   anyway , as i said , we do n't view ourselves similar to you you still do n't represent some kind of greek hivemind . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a diaspora greek that got bullied for being brown in school and now is on a quest to prove yourself . 
  bulgaria was part of the ottomans for longer than montenegro was , try again . 
  in fact , montenegro was basically independant for most of its history . 
  also how is this an excuse ? 
  is it europe 's fault that africans are so shit at school too ? 
  this is completely irrelevant . 
   anatolian and iranian cultures are very similar , turkey is very culturally close to iran , you are mostly a `` progressive '' version of iran we are heavily influenced by iranian culture due to the ottoman empire . 
  this does n't mean we 're literally iranians , and if you think turkish culture is literally iranian then you are ignorant , not entirely unexpected . 
   why are you turks so desperate to be connected with greece ? 
  why ? 
  were n't 400 years of oppression enough ? 
  lol . 
  tell me how two neighbours who has lived in the same empire for thousands of years ( yes , we came from anatolians it turns out ) not be connected ? 
  why are you so desperate to deny reality ? 
  do you think greeks are some kind of nordic mustard race or something ? 
  lol  please explain to me . 
  are n't you happy with what you are ? 
  we are not similar with you , maybe many refugees who came here during the population exchange were similar to turks , but now they are fully integrated . 
  stop spamming and trying to portray greeks as similar with you . 
  as i said , you are similar in appearance to us , your neighbours . 
  like every single other country in the world , this is the case . 
  why so desperate to get away from it ? 
  are you that sad that you 're not german or whatever ? 
  well if he has n't gotten sick yet then he can get a shot and survive 100 % . 
  i think the people who survive acute rabies have to get a special treatment and probably have some kind of genetic passed-on immunity or have an out-of-date vaccination . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  we are not closer to kurds than most of our neighbours , kurds are very culturally ( and ethnically ) insular and more indo-iranian than anatolian . 
  you do n't have to argue with me , you can just look up any studies done on this . 
  or are you afraid of shattering your illusion ? 
  have you removed all your mirrors too so you do n't see how much you look like us ? 
  i think this makes sense actually , if immigrants are the majority in certain areas they always suffer for it ( because of poverty ) and never integrate properly . 
  most of it is n't , as you might be aware . 
  #partiallyeuropeanproblems i feel you bro . 
  does n't matter still better than atleast one other oecd country, 
  name checks out , 
  man this would be a shitstorm of epic proportions if it happened . 
  :d it would end up with both countries under the control of very very very angry turks . 
  clearly sweden must have much more rape than all dysfunctional third world countries . 
  51 % sd when ? 
  i had i beard when i was 15 ... edit : people think that i 'm lying ? 
  it was n't the best beard but it was a beard . 
  lol , if we are n't european then we are n't middle eastern either . 
  we are n't really that close to either , but you 're just trying to make us closer to you kurds . 
  let 's hope the dog does n't have rabies then , cuz then you 're dead . 
  that 's not the answer he wanted ... 
  like portugal ? 
  http://people.eng.unimelb.edu.au/mpeel/koppen/world_koppen_map.png are moustaches common in south australia and california ? 
  dayum balkans , how can you be worse than us ? 
  neither did erdogan before he was elected . 
  do n't worry , these things will come to the netherlands if you continue down our path . 
  it was accidental . 
  even them bombing us is better than the u.s.
