  sighh , i guess you guys are killing arabs left and right then ? 
   but nooo , the real reason here is that germany hates muslim countries , they should n't judge all of turkey for what erdogan is doing ( although it would be his regime that would use the intel ) , etc. 
  whatever excuse you find next . 
  nah , just saying that if you want to get elected in a hateful country like germany , or even worse austria , you have to stay hostile towards countries like turkey . 
  yes , but even in the good old days we were disliked in the west . 
  germany didi n't even want to include us in the guest worker invitation , but was forced by the u.s to do so . 
  you guys have been nice though ( emphasis on * have * ) . 
   how , pray tell , do you conclude that europeans hate turkey because it is a muslim country ( which it is n't ) even if it were the happiest place on earth ? 
  * turkey is a muslim country . 
  * europeans do n't like the mess that is islam these days . 
  i 'm sure you ca n't deny any of the above . 
   its normal for people to equalize a government with the people living there when all you get to hear about turkey is erdogan yelling at someone . 
  i 've been to turkey a few times for holidays and i did like the people . 
  i know fully well that germans are n't at all like merkel , or i would like you guys alot more . 
   putin and trump already work hard to sabotage stability on all eu borders . 
  and random threats against - for example - greece , coming from turkey do n't help to diffuse that situation . 
  will you side with putin next week ? 
  are you going to attack greece ? 
  are you pulling out of nato ? 
  are you becoming a islamistic country ? 
  well , you do n't leave us any choice . 
  we ca n't be neutral , not with our geographic position . 
  so honestly we have to side with putin or get fucked by putin basically because europe does n't want us . 
   turkey is a element of uncertainty on eu borders . 
  together with the super-corrupt loudmouth that turns your country slowly into a dictatorship that is something many people do n't like . 
  sure , but if you were right europeans would be more positive about turkish people . 
  i already understand you guys hating our country , but our people too ? 
  sorry , but your words ring false . 
  its very hard to justify a liberal turkey when we clearly do n't have a place in the west . 
  we will have to take our place somewhere else and that unfortunately includes islamism . 
   if turkey joined the eu right now , it would be with erdogan as leader . 
  i do n't see how the dictator is magically disappearing when he gets confirmed in his power . 
  i do n't think an authoritarian leader that has such bad relations with other eu leaders would last very long in the eu . 
   turkey is currently far from being either democratic or secular . 
  wheter or not turkey is rich , is a question up for debate . 
  the survey gave the option to say `` yes , with reforms '' but people overwhelmingly picked `` probably never '' or straight up `` never '' . 
  stop trying to deflect . 
   the reason for tensions between the eu and turkey is everything else but islam . 
  the rapid transformation from an open , secular democracy/stratocracy into a criminal , dictatorial god state is the reason for the current dissociation between turkey and it 's western neighbours . 
  there are many reasons why an entry of turkey right now is absolutely unthinkable : democracy , human rights and the geneva conventions are being heavily violated on a regular and intentional basis . 
  and to top it all off turkey is also attacking western societies through hacking , propaganda , espionage and trolls while cooperating with russia , a major enemy of the eu , who engages in a similar hostile offensive against the west . 
  there is more than one reason to think turkey is incompatible with the eu . 
  islam is not one of them . 
  see above . 
   the turk has many friends , the turkish government has many foes . 
  you turned every fact upside down . 
  your comment is either the product of complete ignorance or a deliberate attempt to conceal the truth . 
  and in case you are a blind nationalist follower of erdogan , it might be both . 
  see above . 
  also cute how you think calling me an erdogan supporter would shut me down or something . 
  do you not have any better insults ? 
  that sounds like a terrible deal . 
  we will never join any side as a secound class member . 
  keep in mind that the survey gave the option `` yes , but with reforms '' . 
  so any erdogan-blaming is honestly just trying to deflect from the real issue . 
  keep in mind that the survey gave the option `` yes , but with reforms '' . 
  so any erdogan-blaming is honestly just trying to deflect from the real issue . 
  artificially make us less european is what he wants . 
  ehm , do you know what mental gymastics mean ? 
  how are those two mutually exclusive ? 
   never . . turkey was a very popular vacation destiny until recently vacation as in living in a 5-star hotel on the coast or visiting fatih district once . 
  i do n't think a very high percentage of west europeans have visited turkey . 
   and was considered first world here . 
  do n't think so , but i do n't know anything about luxembourg . 
   what we do n't like is that secularism is true on paper only secularism is pretty much the only thing that has n't changed under erdogan , even if he would love to . 
  turkey has always been a strange form of secular that was focused more on oppressing religious muslims than giving equality to minority religions . 
   and that the trend seems to reverse to pre-atat\u00fcrk times . . we used to be a caliphate back then , so not yet . 
   that and autocracy of your dear leader ( and the support of it ) the majority does n't support erdogan currently if that makes you feel better . 
  this is not erdogans propaganda , we have had several surveys asking people of their opinions on turkish * people * and romania is literally the only asked country in europe who had a positive view , and that 's barely . 
  lets not pretend that the majority of europeans are n't hateful bigots against us . 
   nobody hates you , dude . 
  we 're afraid of a dictatorship that is established on our border and the daily threats and blackmailing you seem to not get to hear about in turkish media . 
  oh sorry , we 'll just move over to the pacific instead . 
  we are the ones living in the mess right now , you are watching from a safe distance . 
  how the hell can you be afraid ? 
  erdogan is n't insane . 
  beside , we sure as hell do n't border `` franconia '' wherever that is . 
  apologies , i thought you were commenting in the r/europe survey thread . 
  yes , since all other muslim countries are so loved . 
  keep in mind erdogan the person does n't equal turkey the country . 
  yes , but i like taking people on their word . 
  maybe i 'm stupid . 
   yes ( not only in europe though ) . 
  its even worse in the rest of the world . 
   and letting turkey join the eu would increase radical thinking even more not sure i follow , i read a report once that stated that the number one reason europeans are opposed to turkish membership is ignorance . 
  as i have stated elsewhere , most europeans think turkey looks like aghraba . 
  obviously if turkey is going to join the eu there would have to be an education campaign with it , or europe 's natural hatred for arabs would collapse the union . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you have written . 
  we are seeing a massive increase in radical thinking in europe , this also applies to r/europe is what i 'm trying to say . 
  i suggest you read the survey again , this is even if turkey was the friendliest and most democratic country on earth . 
  no , but opposition to immigration and demonizing a minority is n't left wing , and that 's what you see in those threads . 
  i didi n't say that it was a problem with islam in general , but rather shows that the sub is right-leaning , or atleast the ones who engage in those discussions ( and who answered this poll ) are right-leaning . 
   do you have the impression that r/europe is especially right leaning ? 
  well , just look at any immigration/islam related threads . 
  it 's easy to say that they are brigaded but pretty much every thread has many flaired europeans taking hard-right stances on everything . 
  this survey was similar . 
   i imagine , but you see how this is not gon na happen . . you could probably apply for asylum though if situation gets any worse . . why ? 
  i would only bounce if there was a civil war and i 'm not going to europe . 
  yeah , but that 's why many turks would love to join the eu right this moment . 
  i doubt an actual survey of europeans would be this skewed though , the gender imbalance and relative right-wingness of r/europe is why so many are opposed .
