  you only need to force the muslim minorities out of their protective shells , and make sure they intermarry . 
  hard to do when the governments think ignoring them works best . 
   mooslim dessert come try our diabetes . 
  rumelia is kind of stretching the definition of balkans . 
   left wingers greatly underestimate the long term effect of immigration . 
  it 's the short term effects that are bad , not the effects in a hundred years when people have melted into society . 
   a lot of right wing trolls wut, 
  this is n't false , wonder why its downvoted . 
  liberals wet dream is a social democratic state ? 
  uhhhh ... 
  i smell an american, 
  i sorted by controversial , was n't disappointed . 
  not passing judgement on that , but you see how well unorganized islam works out . 
  why would they have a better connection with the underdeveloped balkans than constantinople or the major cities along the aegean coast ? 
  all reachable with boat . 
  `` turck oder grich '' is what i can read . 
  so we have the same stereotypes in 18th century europe . 
   their land : lovely  traits : tender  animal comparison : cat  plenty of : soft things why thank you , r/europe needs to learn from th  even more treacherous yes . 
   loves : themselves  fashion : feminine well atleast it got something right . 
  yes because we have a special obligation to keep them against their will . 
   gender fluid , non-binary , trans-sex muslim furries . 
  u/szkwarek 's personal hell , both lgbt , perverted and muslim ??? 
  so diyanet got triggered by this intrusion on their turf ? 
  what a surprise . 
  didi n't last too long did it . 
  let 's go hand out bats to the lgbts , bash the fash . 
  so turkish . 
  ignore the edgelords . 
  the trauma of growing up with backwards inbred parents is enough to seriously harm the brain of atheist adolescents , it is especially a problem in turkey . 
  atleast it will add more diversity to our mosques , i am all for this . 
  why are romanians usually the only people in this sub that actually seems warm to us ? 
  triggered lalalalala, 
  americans do n't move to unstable countries to begin with , neither is america being bombed by arab countries . 
  it 's not exactly a fair comparison . 
  there are things that trigger terrorism . 
  lol , since forever . 
  this is not normal r/europe . 
  this is flairless american invaders to our sub . 
  just ignore the downvotes , they will never accept that they ca n't tar us with the arab brush . 
  are there turkish protests ? 
  damn , such pointless deaths too ... someone needs jailtime for this shit, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  lol , that explains why nobody does it, 
  ditib decides , it seems . 
  ditib decides , it seems . 
  not if we build a wall , which we will do . 
  hungary is n't slavic or baltic , thus is central europe . 
  i knew that would trigger you . 
  it 's real though . 
  never met a slav that was n't an extremist in some way . 
  except for yugos . 
  all westerners i 've spoken to that are pro-deportation of extremism are also very anti-slav . 
  not on reddit though , but in real life . 
  this is the first anti-turkish butthurt georgian i 've seen tbh . 
  i think you 're allowed to drink water , dunno really . 
  it 's too warm . 
  too real :(, 
  o7 respect our veterans, 
  you ca n't be a sane turk without empathising with israel , we are sorta in the same mess with kurdistan and terrorism . 
  i hope we can both fight terror together and help each other more in the future . 
  qandil and then what ? 
  they ca n't get into turkey = np, 
  yes , there is no pkk !, 
  finally someone to see through all the fabricated evidence . 
  he 's definitely weaker than before , but i did pray to him . 
  did n't work, 
  it 's because our news also viewed by people in north cyprus ... you greeks and your sensitivity . 
  i take that as a compliment at this point . 
  i like that a lot actually . 
  very interesting looking . 
  i 'm sure most westerners would n't mind deporting 80 % of muslims and 99 % of slavs . 
  i 'm sure most westerners would mind deporting 80 % of muslims and 99 % of slavs . 
  i like this guy . 
  arabs are caucasoid , so i think your argument might backfire on you . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_race i would n't expect this raving lunatic to know anything remotely scientific , even something as discredited as this . 
  he 'll probably claim marxist feminists edited the wikipedia page next , would fall in line with his history . 
  what revolution ? 
  it was a power grab by ataturk and he engineered a better more modern turkey . 
   it 's not like they pose a danger . 
  they will pose a massive danger if the secular right mobilizes , chp would give the opposition a majority without even involving hdp . 
  i really doubt it , the chp parlamentarians and leader are there and everything . 
  they avoid touching protesters for the most part in turkey to avoid a second gezi park . 
  they are currently just waiting for the government to assault them in any way . 
  gezi park but bigger . 
  but erdogan would have to be retarded to do something to them now . 
  nah , only the white skin dudes are nazis , and only if they oppose his excellency . 
  come and join !, 
  not ok, 
  your diabetus causing food is modern tasteless food , our diabetus causing food is our actual culture . 
  mela, 
  as i said , i 'm not reading the text of someone who literally does n't understand basic concepts . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationality  nationality is a legal relationship between a person and a state . 
  [ 1 ] nationality affords the state jurisdiction over the person and affords the person the protection of the state . 
  what these rights and duties are vary from state to state . 
  [ 2 ] nationality is n't a nation , not the same thing .
