  basically all of france 's early modern royalty agrees with me . 
  but you are n't the judge either . 
   constantinople ? 
  the greatest city in christianity for centuries ? 
  greek colony , then capital of roman empire and after that capital of east roman empire ? 
  yes i heard of it . 
  maybe turks should build their own cities ? 
  it was literally a village hidden behind walls when turks captured it , so modern istanbul ( and ottoman constantinople ) was almost entirely built by turks ( and other minorities in the empire , especially armenians ) . 
   you making it sound like ottoman empire was greek , serbs and croats who conquered middle east and africa . 
  nope , it was greek and armenian converts to islam ( who also adopted the turkish language ) that conquered the balkans and the mena . 
  like the byzantine empire before it . 
   we know it 's not true . 
  turkic nomads from asia conquered anatolia then went to europe , they brought death , devastation , slavery and islam . 
  that 's turkish leagacy in europe . 
  yeah sure , you do n't sound biased at all . 
   show me one nation in europe occupied by ottoman empire that considers that period anything else but dark times of slavery and death ( except albania of course ) albania does n't like it either . 
  if you went back to the 1500s and spoke to random people in the balkans they would n't be particularly negative . 
  these countries had a war of independance against the ottomans , their entire modern culture is based on hatred of this enemy . 
  what makes you think the middle east liked us ? 
  they just recently realized how shit their countries became after their violent uprising and now feel that their ancestors did the wrong thing . 
  you seem to think liking or not liking the ottoman empire is some kind of christianity vs islam thing . 
  romanians are most likely the most positive toward the ottoman rule of all ex-ottoman states . 
  and they 're not muslim , incase you were n't aware . 
  show me a single country that got colonized by another , violently broke free and now is in love with that period . 
  not the current definition of europe though . 
  the one based on christianity vs islam . 
  their definition was basically mediterraneans vs everyone else . 
  what kind of idiot planned that shit anyway , kill armenians our best minority but leave arabs and kurds ? 
  this is true , i ate atleast 3 babies yesterday . 
  i worked it off by beheading some of our favorite liberal feminist secular vegan glutenfree low salt neighbours . 
  hey , atleast we did something good in syria !, 
  they 're one of the few non-muslim states that like us . 
  i do n't think the concept of `` europe '' really existed back then . 
  alexander certainly felt closer to persians than germanic tribes . 
  nothing more american than throwing people out of helicopters . 
  i agree , russia is a pillar of europe to me . 
  i do n't think 1536-1798 is a `` short period of time '' . 
  it refutes your statement . 
  also your knowledge of the ottoman empire borders on the absurd . 
  the core part of the empire was rumelia , definately in europe . 
  ever heard of constantinople ? 
  poor guy, 
  search for `` terror attacks in turkey '' on google . 
  there is no way you 're polish , how can you bother to post so much trying to justify a terrorist organisation ? 
  kurds have a tendency of poaching foreign flairs to give the illusion of international terrorism support . 
  he usually posts anti-turkish stuff in ask europe , perhaps he got banned so he needs to spread his complex here . 
  american detected . 
  `` kurds are secular '' oh god ahahaahahahaahah, 
  why do you have to root for maniacs ? 
  just root for the regular people in turkey . 
  lets start having 24/7 news after traffic accidents too, 
  yeah but i do n't think that 's the issue here . 
  i feel that it 's unlikely the terrorist was in sweden illegally . 
  hmm , that 's both cheesy and confrontational . 
  would n't be an american flair without sympathy for rojava  your media is truly magical, 
  shoulda genocided kurds and replaced them with armenians instead . 
  enver did it the wrong way around . 
  you 're trying to deny our historic heritage because we switched religion and language in the medieval era . 
  it 's none of your damn business to begin with . 
  culture = / = people, 
  yes ? 
  are you claiming that the ones killed were n't pedestrians or in need of better protection ? 
  where did you get the impression that i said it was a traffic accident ? 
  something to block vehicles from pedestrian streets would n't hurt . 
  and i 'm not sure what you mean by certain group of countries , most terrorists are born in the country . 
  well shit , that 's horrible . 
  can we protect pedestrians better please ? 
  western europe includes scandinavia . 
  a few places do compare , such as japan , south korea , anzac , canada etc. 
  arguably gulf states , usa and cone south american countries aswell . 
  why are you so desperate ? 
  why do you even care ? 
  this makes about 0 % sense because my forefathers were anatolian ... 
  so you do n't think any ethnic group really `` owns '' any monument because the people who built it are n't still alive or necessarily have the same language and religion ? 
  i simply disagree . 
  schizo above, 
  your original comment is literally claiming that we didi n't build our monuments . 
  didi n't the people of italy build the colisseum ? 
  didi n't the people of china build the great wall ? 
  instead of asking or commenting out of your ass , you could take a few minutes to google and read about it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people turkish people are mostly native anatolians . 
  we have actual genetic studies on this subject , so talking out of your ass wo n't help you buddy . 
  as a greek you should know the history of these parts better , shame on you . 
  this , there are basically no reliable pollsters in turkey . 
  they 're all biased . 
  i would look to the parties and what they are doing/saying . 
  i think gezici has shown yes ahead before . 
  but it was quite a while ago . 
  this is really odd because some that normally show yes ahead showed no now too . 
  edit : found it : http://www.birgun.net/haber-detay/gezici-arastirma-nin-son-secim-anketinde-ilginc-sonuclar-109478.html  55 % yes many other anti-government pollsters do show yes ahead occasionally . 
  not sure what is going on . 
  mhm , i think he has pissed off too many people to stay in power much longer , regardless of referandum outcome . 
  we 'll have to see what happens . 
  just know that in this part of the world , who rules is rarely up to the people without outside consent . 
  your english grammar is great . 
  are you really japanese ? 
  antalya is great . 
  too big for its own good though . 
  what will we do without the croatian trade ? 
  ecksdee he means western europe , unless you thought he thinks trakya and istanbul are rotten too .
