  and guess what , u/szkwarek probably does too . 
  there was a good vsauce video on this a while back , that we are all in fact closely related to each other . 
  but in this subreddit it would probably start raving about damn lefties trying to destroy our nations !, 
  the truth hurts . 
  eh , egypt was n't an ethnic state . 
  and the assyrian empire sure as hell was n't one either . 
  it 's a new nationalist invention that is dying already , due to the destruction and death it 's already caused . 
  lol , the `` left '' is destroying german identity by suggesting that black people can also be german ? 
  the racism in r/europe really comes out of the woodwork in threads like these . 
   turkey and russia have very few goals in common , and most of these are of `` opposing the western influence '' type . 
  lol , turkey is anti-western exactly how ? 
  whoah , did i trigger you ? 
  ataturk didi n't `` despise '' religion , he despised it being mixed with politics . 
  our quran is not different from the one in arab countries , or iran , or pakistan . 
  our culture is different . 
  i find uncle tom 's like holdin_mcgroin that try to blame the failure of their shitty countries on islam as hilarious , it 's barbaric culture , not the mallable religion . 
  also , european muslims = albanians and bosnians , not somalis with plane tickets . 
  sd originated from neonazis , does that make them neonazi ? 
  also , in your original edit you called turkey islamist , not only erdogan . 
  nationalists are the same everywhere . 
  lol , are you being serious ? 
  turks are anatolians . 
  you 're famously a greek nationalist , so i do n't know why i 'm replying to you . 
   against turkey , we do n't know who those soldiers are , they are not ours !, 
  regardless , you ca n't be turkish/european . 
  in this case it 's always , so your comment is misleading . 
  oh yes , that 's why we 're shelling them constantly . 
  they literally shot rockets at gaziantep . 
  i downvoted because of `` islamist '' . 
  i do n't vote for erdogan but he 's not an islamist . 
  turkey was at 2002 an extreme-secular state ( laicite ) and basically still is , it would be hard for erdogan to change that , if he even wants to . 
  people on reddit like making things seem worse in turkey than they really are . 
  it 's really because less tourism = less money = mehmet wakes up and stops voting for erdogan . 
   places the tourists in turkey visit are all also greece how so ? 
  modern day turks are turkified byzantines , our monuments were built by our ancestors , not yours . 
  even if they happened to speak greek . 
  unfortunately true . 
  some dumb nationalists even assaulted an uygur store owner thinking he was chinese . 
  : ddd, 
  he caved in to international pressure . 
  he should have just continued ignoring isis and we would n't have had this problem . 
  the pkk has been doing this shit since the 80ies anyways . 
  lol , not true at all . 
  [ 85 % of irish men descended from turkey ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/new-study-claims-that-irishmen-descended-from-turkish-farmers-83217437-237788351.html ) also what kind of greek looks like a typical norwegian ? 
  actually no . 
   these dictators . 
  let 's not go that far . 
  beside , if `` extreme '' economic problems happened , mehmet would be on a bus to ankara with a pitchfork real quick . 
  it 's the only reason he has half of his votes anyways , the economy . 
   sure we in west might have started rolling the ball , sweden ? 
  i think the `` west '' in this context means a few powers , not any random non-excommie european country . 
  are you defending what happened in iraq with saying that it 's bad either way so bombing people is okay ? 
  the west are n't the only ones getting this kind of treatment . 
  the ottoman empire is blamed constantly for the state of the balkans , russia is appearantly at fault for the extreme xenophobia of ee and so on . 
  i swear i saw this before as an example of `` rabid anti-islamic copypasta '' on rationalwiki . 
  more like arab culture . 
  how would anatolia be closer to europe ? 
  i 'm assuming you mean culturally . 
  * byzantium were not that much closer to europe culturally than turkey is today . 
  * the turkification of anatolian greeks started way before the ottomans ever rose to power . 
  do you seriously think east european immigrants are better behaved than say japanese or canadian immigrants ? 
  you 're also trying way too hard to make yourself a `` racist card '' victim . 
  ban all cars !, 
  - far-right solutions handbook, 
   there is nothing we can do , if people do n't vote for right wing politicians there is n't going to change anything at all . 
  what are these `` right wing '' ( far-right i assume ) politicians going to do ? 
  this is so thinly veiled , you even forgot to replace `` races '' with `` cultures '' . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  italian immigration to the u.s was mostly from south italy , and they 're pretty brown . 
  it is full on civil war . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  it is widely considered a civil war . 
  where did i say that only kurds would migrate ? 
  what the hell is wrong with your reading abilities ? 
  why are you so ashamed to admit that kurds are also `` one of them '' , one of the migrants ? 
  i 'm saying that kurds are poor , therefore they would migrate . 
  they are not some kind of superhumans that are seperate from the brown masses of the middle east ( in your mind ) , they are human too . 
  edit : here 's a map https://ipa.sanayi.gov.tr/userfiles/image/faq.png kurdish areas are pretty much africa in terms of gdp per capita . 
  although the non-pkk-infested places are rapidly improving . 
  where did i say they were all kurds ? 
  i 'm saying nowadays kurds would be mostly the ones migrating . 
  you have a reading disability . 
  10/10 mental gymnastics do tell how mechanically this would work ? 
  what kind of force makes turks move to germany because there are turks there ? 
  also there is not `` way more '' turks , probably a third of turkish citizens in germany are kurdish . 
  in fact , the net migration from turkey to germany is negative , more people from germany are moving to turkey now than the reverse . 
  of course , you ca n't be bothered to learn these things so you just say what pops in your head . 
  the only people who are destitute enough to leave turkey now are kurds from the south-east . 
   i think they put them as their own sub-section , ie arabs . 
  not really too sure . 
  i mean yeah , but they 're grouped under `` white '' in most definitions . 
  or more `` scientifically '' caucasian . 
  sometimes `` dark whites '' . 
   my original point is that there are ` white ' europeans whom hold anti-semitic views . 
  obviously , but its hidden very well . 
  depends on your definition , according to most of the racial scientists of the 19th and 20th centuries , yes they are white . 
  nowadays `` white '' is n't referring to a race but rather to christian caucasians . 
  1st world politically , newly developed country economically . 
  neither would be `` 3rd world '' . 
  but yeah , the average r/europe user probably thinks we ride camels in a desert , live in tents and eat christian babies .
