   what source do you use for this claim ? 
  i do n't know if there are any reliable sources , but i live in a muslim country . 
   but very strong ones do say this and these float all over the internet . 
  here is another one . 
  this does n't contradict anything i said . 
   yeah , but then political importance makes such a marriage acceptable ( muhammad sanctions it and makes it morally acceptable ) and it still does not mean he had to consume at age 9 . 
  even within the union that is a separate choice . 
  also , it was muhammad that pushed for this , while abu bakr was reluctant . 
  let us not forget that . 
  i do n't know why muhammad ( saw ) personally wanted to marry aisha , we do n't have records of his mind . 
  but islam sees it as mainly political . 
  which is my point . 
   the thread was started with a claim from geert wilders . 
  he called muhammad a pedophile . 
  so what is relevant to this thread is to get the label regarding muhammad right . 
  muhammad had many wives and his first wive was over a decade older than him iirc and he was with her for the longest of times . 
  later he accumulated many women . 
  he lusted for plenty of older women and younger women . 
  he was all over the place looking at age . 
  so i do n't think he was a pedophile . 
  however to modern standards he is a child raper . 
  kids can not give consent at 9 in our opinion now and so what muhammad did was child rape . 
  on top of that , he sanctioned the rape of female prisoners of war . 
  look at quran 4:24 and the hadith for context and if we study the story of saffiyya then we see how far he was willing to go with a women considering he just killed her brother , father and tortured + killed her husband . 
  there is no way a muslim will ever convince any non muslim that this was not a forced marriage and rape . 
  plus rape can also take place within marriage . 
  what can be done is attack the sources for this last story ( al-tabari ) and then denying it is true . 
  that is possible . 
  however looking at all the hadiths surrounding s 4:24 i think that is perfectly in line with a story of that of saffiyya . 
   in modern day , if we would look at such a person doing these things , then he would go to prison for a very , very long time as right now this is seen as very immoral and with especially 1 man this is relevant : muhammad . 
  as he is tied to islam via s 33:21 and what not . 
  muhammad is just huge in islam and even imitating him is a thing . 
  the beards , the way people pee , people naming their kid muhammad etc. 
  if we want to morally progress as a species , having this man as a point of reference is just extremely unhelpful . 
  cheers you do n't seem to get it all . 
  do you think admiring someone is an all-or-nothing deal ? 
  you just have a problem with muslims and thus want to find the worst thing about muhammed ( saw ) or whatever . 
  the important thing is that the vast majority of muslims do n't think marrying 9 year olds is appropriate , and they do so while admiring muhammed ( saw ) . 
  how about you focus on real issues , like the rise of the alt-right and wahhabism among european youths ? 
  cheers . 
  thanks bro, 
  should other countries not celebrate their past ? 
  we 're more like a rainy downland right now , even for the alt-right . 
  also wtf , fall of constantinople = / = conquest of anatolia, 
  i doubt belarus is communist . 
  this made my day . 
  i 'll humour you with another . 
  turkey does n't want to start a holy war , turkish government said that european leaders will lead their countries into holy war within their own countries . 
  nothing to do with turkey . 
  of course , i do n't expect an american hijacking the scottish flag to actually read anything beyond the title . 
   but you celebrate the conquest of anatolia by the turks . 
  so maybe you liked it ? 
  xd okay ? 
  i was n't aware that i held celebrations for the conquest of anatolia by turks , which was like a thousand years ago and no one but your kind seems to care . 
  kek , same old bullshit i 've heard from all of you . 
  in fact , i would be surprised if most people are n't superior to you , considering what we know about the demographics of t_d . 
  this is my final reply , i came here to argue with equals . 
  bet you 're not even scottish . 
  edit : lighter words , i would n't want to cause a suicide . 
  well , that does n't make any sense , considering there are more turks in istanbul than greeks in greece . 
  but sure , hand the power in greece to us . 
  regardless , what your trumpist brain might not understand is that such a forceful annexation would be * undemocratic * . 
  we do n't want to be part of greece , sorry . 
  well , not if we literally vote ( as the majority in this new greece ) to annex the country back to turkey . 
  : ddd beside , surely you do n't condone the kind of behaviour greek and turkic overlords imposed on anatolians ? 
  you made a series of points which i refuted and now you 're throwing a tantrum . 
  i do n't have to explain to you what is what , i do n't think you 're retarded . 
  oh god why did i look at your post history ... 
  austria broke the winning streak tbh . 
  tulips are turkish you twat !!!, 
  ! 11111 that 's a lie , they 're actually persian . 
  yeah , scary though . 
  do n't accidently cross into their turf . 
  you 're not even reading my posts or replying to my points . 
  you ignore studies and just repeat what you puked out 5 comments ago . 
  what 's the point of arguing with you ? 
  cringe , you think i know your american shit facts ? 
   learn to deal with it , do n't give a fuck . 
  there are lots of turks saying the exact same thing to europe on twitter and such . 
  `` we will take back balkans hurr durr otttomans reborn ! 1 '' very different , those are dumb turks talking about ex-ottoman territory . 
  like how greeks shittalk about constantinople , it 's normal . 
  this is a random fucking scot that has nothing to do with this shit calling for ethnic cleansing of me and my family . 
  i 'm not mad that it happens , there are retards on the internet , who knew . 
  i 'm mad it 's tolerated by the mods . 
  well , thrace and istanbul has a larger population than greece . 
  so that will backfire quickly . 
   is the annexation of crimea genocide ? 
  nope as far as i 'm aware , the original inhabitants have n't been killed of or deported yet . 
  so not the same . 
   i do n't think he claimed that muslims consider pedophilia specifically virtuous ( btw , muhammad was no pedophile , but a child raper to modern standards , there is a difference ) , but that muhammad is the examples for muslims to follow for all time . 
  as a result of that , his conduct with a girl 6 years old and consummation at 9 becomes relevant alright , first of all , most modern muslims believe her to have been older at consummation , not all sources agree on her age . 
  many believe her age to be on purpose claimed as very low in order to ensure her virginity and thus appropriateness . 
  secoundly , almost no muslim think that you should necessarily emulate him in this regard . 
  the marriage to aisha was n't a `` moral thing '' , it was just a political marriage . 
  and third , islam thus does n't cause pedophilia , so the topic is entirely irrelevant except for regressive dumpster redditors who feel the need to attack everything even remotely related to islam , good or bad . 
  edit : literally forgot to press save on my immidiately afterwards edit . 
   lol you are crazy , the upper part says edit , that is the part i added after reading again what you wrote and asking myself what your point was , the thing in breckets too , that was an add , i do not see how that looks better , it was my personal opinion . 
  you pretty much edited out your entire comment . 
   i accidentaly klicked on comment before i was done writing , which is why the first edit ended in the middle of a sentence ( i am writing from my phone , sorry for my fat fingers , mistakes happen ) . 
  err , it was that way for quite some time , and the structure was changed completely .
