  source ? 
  edit : why the downvote ? 
  i 'm tired after following this shit all night . 
  do you enjoy your armchair ? 
  yeah , let 's joke about the destruction of turkey while it is literally going on . 
  also , the joke is not a joke if most people on r/europe actually agree with it , which they do . 
  it means erdogan clearly controls istanbul , we still do n't know any more . 
  who is reporting that the military is backing down though ? 
  there are no pro-coup news sources , only anti-coup . 
  we simply can not know what is what yet . 
  good night all , too tired to continue following this . 
  we will know the results by tomorrow . 
  hopefully the body count is low either way . 
  we do n't know how much of the military is backing this or who is winning . 
  the only thing we know is that erdogan is alive and istanbul is safe for him . 
  the tsk literally changed their website . 
  coupers must have hacked the website then ? 
  pretty unlikely . 
  ankara still being bombed . 
  the fog of war prevents us from knowing anything of what is happening . 
  why would the turkish military release official pro-coup statements on their website then ? 
  even when we are struck by tragedy , people like you circlejerk hateful memes . 
  military just seized cnn turk . 
  yeah but it seems the military is actually on the governments side . 
  i would like a link to the reports , i ca n't make heads or tails of this . 
  yeah but does that really mean anything ? 
  it 's the guns that decide after all . 
  clearly there is some leader behind this . 
  didi n't the grand marshal get captured ? 
  i saw pictures but a dude here was saying that they were old . 
  people are saying that the government is winning here on reddit . 
  do we even know where erdogan is or what the majority of the army supports ? 
   therefore , you are okay with killing gay people . 
   wtf , reported . 
   but erdo\u011fan is paying a dangerous game with isis by focusing first and foremost on stopping the rise of an autonomous kurdish entity . 
  up until now they were the greatest threat . 
  why would we focus more on isis than ypg/pkk ? 
  we should have continued to be neutral , who gives a shit about international public opinion . 
  we are uniquely in a bad position vs isis , others can fight them . 
  so logically , to be better than isis , you have to do things differently than them . 
  erdogan = does not execute gays isis = executes gays you = erdogan does n't kill gays , but he 's just as bad as isis . 
  therefore , killing gays does not make a difference as to how bad or good someone is according to you . 
  therefore , you are okay with killing gay people . 
  wtf , reported . 
  you 're insulting him then . 
  why should this lead to jail time ? 
  facebook might ban you , that 's all that should be done . 
  fun to see a german assigning traits to ethnic groups again . 
  fun times in europe indeed . 
  no one except far-right and masocists like me visit this sub anymore . 
  username checks out, 
  lol at the downvoters obviously terrorists are only terrorists if they attack the west . 
  you have a hard time understanding irony it seems . 
  `` europe according to turkey '' does n't really fit with a middle eastern map . 
  source ? 
  downvote this immidiately !, 
  it is counter to my personal opinion . 
  turkey is n't gassing civilians as far as i 'm aware . 
  lol , people got butthurt over this . 
  55 % upvoted . 
  edit : getting more downvotes as i write . 
  what u/tat3179 was implying is that non-muslims would be going to islamic courts and being judged by islamic laws , which is bullshit . 
  sounds like a typical `` shakira law '' scaremonger . 
  not that i favour it , but atleast stop lying people . 
  source ? 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  sharia law ca n't be applied to non-muslims . 
  that is called culture and varies both between and within so called `` civilization '' , and * gasp * even within nations a-a-and * individuals * . 
  its race all over again . 
  thus excusing genocide by saying that those who were genocided are genociders themselves . 
  you are using the fact that other people lived in crimea before tatars as a retort . 
  i 'm not going to grace you with a serious reply . 
  you can take a look what other scholars think about his `` clash of civilizations '' . 
  why is every turkey related topic that is n't bashing so downvoted ? 
  you are getting downvoted because you literally made everything you wrote up . 
  turks are mostly descended from anatolians , who were in medieval times the people you call `` greeks '' . 
  [ the same people are still living in turkey as did a thousand years ago , with a minority of asians added . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people ) i find it ** absolutely absurd ** that you could n't even take the time to look up the actual research that has been done in the field . 
  maybe you just didi n't realize dna exists ? 
  let 's send the cypriots to greece then . 
  cyprus can finally be british . 
  why is everyone but people with turkish flairs upvoted ? 
  before anyone reading goes down this comment chain . 
  i need to tell you two things . 
  1 . u/electro-n is a greek nationalist who has a particular distaste for turks . 
  we already have dna evidence for what the genetic history of turks are , u/electro-n seems to not realize that he is actually making up his own facts . 
  how does that excuse genocide ? 
  where does this mentality originate from ? 
  and why are you generalizing ? 
  also , lol at you using the clash of civilizations as some kind of actual source . 
  hide your flair mate , maybe you 'd look unbiased . 
  tell me where turkish culture is from . 
  all kurds ? 
  what does allahu akbar mean ? 
  you clearly have no clue . 
  what do you mean ? 
  to cypriots maybe . 
  what has this got to do with say , poland ? 
  why not both ? 
  otherwise i agree , we are ridiculously mixed .
