  didi n't ask you . 
  nope , we didi n't sign the updated refugee convention , so we do n't have to take syrian refugees . 
   you being neighbours are responsible and beholden by refugee law to provide them safety . 
  are you serious ? 
  we didi n't sign the ( updated ) refugee convention so no , we 're not responsible for shit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_muslim also 12 % support sharia law . 
  that does n't seem like `` mostly islamist '' to me . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  this is really awkward coming from a pole . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_muslim  countries with the highest proportion of irreligious muslims are turkey ( 73 % ) , kosovo ( 60 % ) , azerbaijan ( 51 % ) and lebanon ( 33 % ) . 
  army does n't protect secularism anymore , the people does . 
  a majority of turks are in favour of secularism . 
  jeez , take a joke mr. serious . 
  beside , you do n't want to see the genetic research , you 'd hang yourself . 
  embrace it , neighbour . 
  the worst is soon over . 
  edit : man , the stormies were triggered hard by my joke . 
  they will choose greece over turkey . 
  greece is even more fucked now thanks to germany . 
  eventually they will convince other eu states to take some of their burden , or crash and burn , which will be the end of the eu . 
  turkey wo n't be getting any more syrians now either , since turkey is literally building a fucking wall . 
  didi n't you know ? 
  all brown people ( turks brown cuz muslim ) wants to move to his country !, 
  that he built !, 
  okay ffs you had to make me say it . 
  i do n't believe all muslim syrians are islamists , i know first hand that they 're not . 
  but can you see why i would say so ? 
  no , that 's the amount of syrian refugees in turkey . 
  okay then , 2.7 million islamists . 
  so you 'll happily accept 3 million islamists ? 
  i 'm going to enjoy watching your country burn . 
  yeah , have fun with 3 million syrians instead . 
  :d edit : downvoting me does n't silence me or change the truth . 
  minorities moreso . 
  when did we try to eradicate kurds ? 
  and the assyrians were eradicated by kurds . 
  beside , those guys combined is like 5 % of turkish military power , so your fantasies wo n't ever come true . 
  and greeks are in nato ( with turkey ) . 
  are you like 12 years old ? 
  who else could think this way ? 
  read my other comment to see why you are completely oblivious to reality . 
   well let 's take two examples ( and an extra one ) during the paris attacks there were 2 unidentified irakis ... very successful ... the below themselves up without any casualties ... retards because they did n't know the area , they did n't know french . 
  remember the german attack that was foiled ? 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/germany-arrests-3-suspected-syrian-terrorists-foils-alleged-islamic-state-plot/2016/06/02/31e29767-6df7-496b-aa47-5b8911459f13_story.html here 's the link . 
  you know how they were caught ? 
  a syrian was sent in france , he did n't know shit about the country , panicked and turned himself in . 
  you know how the bruxelles jewish museum shooter ( killed 4 ) was caught ? 
  his identity was unknown at the time . 
  he was caught in marseille by border police while he was in a bus because he was acting suspiciously , a bit nervous , and was avoiding eye contact . 
  they controlled his bags , found aks and connected the dots . 
  irrelevant , all i 'm saying is that the terrorists that isis uses are currently mostly middle eastern looking . 
  if we racially profile middle easterners , that will just cause social unrest and accomplish nothing , since isis will use its non-middle eastern members . 
   your not too long ago a japanese guy tried to join isis but was caught in turkey . 
  is a dream . 
  you watched too much james bond/bourne movies . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/isis-aspirant-japan-arrested-turkey-trying-cross-over-syria-2342462 fool  terrorists are n't all knowing beings . 
  a terrorist attack , to be successful , needs a ton of preparation ( information , safe houses , people on the ground with supplies , training , how to avoid police , etc ) . 
  it 's not friggin amateur hour here . 
  you do n't go on google and plan it . 
  you do n't check google maps and call it a day . 
  it takes a ton of know-how ( for example the now infamous omar mateen , how did he block so many people ? 
  http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/06/12/omar-mateen-id-d-as-orlando-killer.html he was a security agent ) it 's time that you return to reality and understand the complexities of a terrorist attack . 
  it 's not a point and shoot . 
  you do n't bring in a japanese and an indonesia and call it a day . 
  it simply does n't work like that , unless you want them to blow up themselves in an alley like it happened already . 
  edit : formatting what are you even talking about ? 
  have you given up defending racial profiling ? 
  we european now or something ? 
  or maybe brits are non-european . 
   the ones committing terrorist attacks in europe and israel seem to be in that group . 
  sorry but that 's a fact . 
  yes ? 
  there are plenty of other isis members they can send if europe starts to racially profile arabs . 
  not too long ago a japanese guy tried to join isis but was caught in turkey . 
   racial profiling implies racialism  i hope that 's not a breakthrough for you . 
  you 're admitting to being racist ? 
  refreshing . 
   it raises a flag . 
  a colleague of mine was stopped for interrogation while at the israeli airport . 
  he 's a blue eyed french man with the most french name you 've ever heard but he had in his passport a stamp from tunisia . 
  he was asked questions to prove that his reasons for travel were honest . 
  and in your mind this sounds okay ? 
  ridiculous . 
  this is adorable , realize my comment completely crushed your attempt at racial profiling and you 're now trying to duck for life . 
  here 's the comments if you 're seriously incapable of scrolling up . 
  you :  simple : racial profiling for busting small time drug dealers , pickpotters , hooligans is pointess . 
  racial profiling at an airport where you got ta pass people through quickly ( if you have long queues , they become a security risk ... see bxl airport ) and it is vital to have the best security people : racial profiling okay . 
  me :  okay , so isis will just use indonesian jihadists instead and completely pass your system . 
  all the while the greeks and armenians get stuck in airports because of their appearance . 
  agreed . 
  why are you trying to derail the actual argument ? 
  answer my points , or else i 'll take it as you conceding them . 
  nice ad hominem , are you going to try to answer my argument ? 
  i do n't view a country that violently boards ships on international waters as the epitome of glorious civilization like you do . 
  and a normal dutchman would n't be suspicious if he had been to syria for unknown reasons ? 
  i thought this was about crime but your racialism is clearly slipping through , islam is n't confined to arab/berbers . 
  :p it is racist though . 
  brave to admit that on r/europe . 
  okay , so isis will just use indonesian jihadists instead and completely pass your system . 
  all the while the greeks and armenians get stuck in airports because of their appearance .
