  i do n't think genocide is the erasing of a culture . 
  there are plenty of words we can use for that . 
  i 'd much rather start speaking russian than have my family killed , it 's not even comperable in seriousness . 
  no , probably not fair, 
  it 's been like this for months now , he has n't cut the internet yet, 
  yes davarishch we kill no need for cell, 
  i was more surprised by the fact that this was the only one for quite a while . 
  we 're doing good it seems . 
  i think they 're having problems carrying out more attacks . 
  meh , i 'm just sick of seeing east european flairs over every stupid anti-turkish comment . 
  atleast mix it up a bit . 
  neanderthals are a different species ... 
  very different from valuing them enough to go to war over them , nowadays you probably ca n't trust the u.s to actually help . 
  i 'm just pointing out hte massive irony in a bulgarian claiming that the west does n't need turkey . 
  uh , are you even aware of what we 're discussing ? 
  yeah but there are plenty of shit governments to go around . 
  i 've never felt any dislike of russians or chinese people or whatever . 
  hmm , can you elaborate ? 
  i am aware of the whole anti-islam thing but as far as i 'm aware there is not that much of a widening rift between secular turks and the rest of europe . 
  there is a rift , but its always been there . 
  well yes , but it 's not actual genocide . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide `` destruction '' is probably something more violent than simply assimilation . 
  but yes , sterilising everybody of a certain group would be genocide . 
  i mean , we have plenty of examples of ethnic groups in europe being assimilated into a bigger one , and sometimes a smaller one ( like byzantines  turkic tribes ) . 
  it does n't sit right with me to call this genocide , almost like you 're removing the more serious implications of the word . 
  what a stupid `` prank '' , if that was here he would have been shot 153 times . 
  lucky you guys have such calm police . 
  in my view it didi n't really help the right-wing populists in europe that erdogan did this . 
  i think people are smarter than we give them credit for , they can probably see the similarities . 
  perhaps there is a feeling of betrayal amongst our allies due to erdogans behaviour , but i do n't think it would continue if he loses an election . 
  well , you simply changed the goalposts completely now . 
  i do n't see how you could possibly * not * disapprove of the current developments . 
  i simply think that a reform to our election system and a few years of a sane government would fix most things up pretty quickly . 
  i do n't think anti-turkism has increased that much lately , it 's always been relatively high within a certain subset of people ( you know what i mean ) . 
  hmm , but why would you be that uncomfortable with it ? 
  i guess i just do n't like children being able to take these kinds of drugs . 
  the bigger issue is certain countries allowing full transition even before 18 . 
  god you are a lost soul are n't you ? 
  islamism is part of the same type of cancer `` hardcore european nationalism '' is . 
  in fact , these movements have fused here in turkey , they are basically one and the same here . 
  what we need is to destroy these ideologies by any means possible , and more and more people are realizing this . 
  right-wing populists are losing votes when people see how incompetent they really are . 
  what , and there is no negative side effects from doing this ? 
  are there even any gains ? 
  i thought we were discussing kobani ... 
  i do n't post that much to that subreddit , it 's filled with mankurts like yourself . 
  self-hating while at the same time denying armenian genocide and having dumb racist opinions . 
  ca n't be bothered . 
  i 'd rather have none of them tbh , and we can certainly have such a world . 
  by education or by bullets , if nothing else helps . 
  he has no interest in protecting the pyd is what you mean . 
  do you seriously think isis are trying to murder all kurds or something ? 
  kurds are sunni muslims for the most part . 
  i support him staying out of kobani , but unfortunately he get involved anyway , in the wrong way . 
   he shown no interest in protecting these citizens and thats a sign of a oppression by most standards . 
  and why the fuck does turkey have an obligation to protect syrian citizens ? 
  yeah and we can do that work , we ca n't fix an 19 year old who changed his sex when he was 14 and regrets it . 
   voting him out still would n't negate the fact that he 's been in power by popular vote/majority of the turkish population . 
  49 % most of which were too scared of terrorism to vote otherwise . 
  i do n't think he has a majority behind his words in the recent statements . 
   recent developments will cause a lasting backlash . 
  i do n't think so , not from what i 've seen on here and in real life . 
  certainly not from western governments . 
  where have you seen anti-turk backlash outside / pol / ? 
  hmm , which bone structures are irreversibly changed ? 
  only i can think of is hand , feet and shoulders . 
  and those are really not a big deal at all . 
  face can always be operated on , and tends to change pretty well with hrt . 
  hmm , the only solution to repair our relations with the west is voting out erdogan . 
  if he gets a no in the referandum he will probably lose the next election . 
  well , your point of view is the same as isis , hateful clash of civlization type view held by broken people . 
  we would just have a world of nazis and isis and god knows what else . 
  most of these terrorists were born in the west , so that makes about 0 sense . 
  quote the part where i claim that bulgarians are inferior due to race or genes . 
   whatever man i 'm done here . 
  you have n't done anything to begin with . 
  any actual arguments ? 
  or are you literally stuck in the early 90ies ? 
  do n't play dumb . 
  what is my opinion ? 
  this does n't change the fact that it 's not genocidal . 
  and i do n't think turks or jews can walk completely safely in the streets either . 
  nah , i 'm not talking about bulgarian people or `` genes '' or whatever , i 'm talking about the strategic location . 
  if we switched positions and population , bulgaria would be the valueble one . 
  he is the racist one in that case , since this whole thing started with two people from two completely irrelevant and pointless countries wanting the west to not `` save '' turkey , because they personally do n't want it . 
  and what is that ? 
   how is this topic relevant to what west/russia is valuing in bulgaria at all ? 
  it is very relevant , since you imply that turkey holds no value and is n't worth `` rescuing '' . 
   your sentence makes no sence , sorry . 
  maybe for one who struggles with english education . 
   my second paragraph was for you to notice how rediculous you sound but i guess it did n't help in that matter . 
  we have n't actually been assfucked by russians , so it does n't quite work like that . 
  you clearly have a short memory if you 're not worried about being occupied . 
  turkey is too big and mountainous , so we 're safe . 
   last time i ever reply to you . 
  yeah , since you ca n't even answer any of my arguments but prefer to kick and scream when reality knocks on the door . 
  britain literally left the eu because of you people . 
  how so ? 
  your comment history is literally just a rampage against muslims , with plenty of racial undertones . 
  i assume you include turks in that , so that explains very well why you would consider us non-european , and why i do n't take you seriously .
