  no , the eu is literally responsible for the high court not banning him from politics . 
  nothing you reply will ever change this fact . 
  is that why all non-trumptards are banned from t_d ? 
  freedom of speech ? 
  you do n't seem to get it , the eu is literally responsible for erdogan still ruling . 
  if the eu hates erdogan so much then why did they protect him so much ? 
  nationalism was awful in the ottoman empire , so many people killed ... 
  no , by russians intervening . 
   and if you bother to actually read about his rule , you will see that the only reason the akp was n't literally banned and erdogan thrown in jail is because the eu didi n't like it . 
  not real removal since ottomans were basically removed already . 
   they chose to continue that alliance rather than break away by seeking soviet support . 
  i 'm positively sure that america would absolutely have let them switch sides . 
  beside what kind of alternative is that ? 
   which supports their economy how ? 
  i mean , south korea was dirt poo until it started developing in the 60s . 
  liberalism enforcement ? 
   you 're free to google it . 
  do n't care enough tbh , seeing as you 're not interested in providing me with those facts they ca n't be important . 
   not at all . 
  at the same time i 'm pointing out that poland 's largest periods of growth ( in relative numbers , not absolute - ie , percentage gdp gains ) were before joining the eu . 
  turkey had the benefit of western trade and political independence much longer than poland . 
  there 's no conspiracy that 's held turkey back . 
  there 's no secret handshake agreement that the americans give only europeans , and asians , and kuwaitis , and singaporeans , and hong kongers , but not turks . 
  you want to see what hold turkey back ? 
  look to the interior . 
  look west . 
  you want to know what keeps turkey out of europe ? 
  the fact that multiple times in the decades since ww2 , the military had to step in to prevent islamist governments from taking control . 
  and that the one time the military hesitated , you end up with erdogan . 
  you think the eu would let hungary in if it thought orban would be in the cards ? 
  turkey tried to join the eu way before erdogan was in power . 
  and if you bother to actually read about his rule , you will see that the only reason the akp was n't literally banned and erdogan thrown in jail is because the eu didi n't like it . 
   the combined armies of the balkan states overcame the numerically inferior and strategically disadvantaged ottoman armies and achieved rapid success . 
  so you ganged up on our shitty empire at one point ? 
  after russia kicked our ass . 
  good job serbia , your existance is validated . 
  we removed ourselves with the help of russia . 
  okay ? 
  you can have your opinions and i can have mine . 
  i merely said that banning people from certain countries is by all definitions xenophobic , and its time that xenophobes embrace it . 
   it 's bit early right now , but if debate requires it , i do n't mind linking sources for my claim later . 
  what makes you think i want to stick around and `` debate '' you ? 
  lol, 
  snap elections were called because they could n't sort out their shit in parliament . 
  chp+hdp+mhp does n't really work , and neither did akp+mhp ( back then ) . 
  doubt hungary is particularly pro-russian after what happened there ... 
  russia removed us , not serbia . 
  only thing serbs have done is gotten gassed/shot . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/34/clash_of_civilizations_mapn2.png serbia is not western civilization . 
  you who seems to be obsessed with the clash of civilizations should know this . 
  what about it ? 
  it 's xenophobic and anti-semitic and absolutely retarded , just like europeans are apparantly . 
  not sure what your comment means . 
  the ottoman empire sure as hell is n't comming back , and i 'm glad for it . 
  i 'm sorry but your comment reads like a propaganda piece . 
  how exactly did the japanese choose to be allies to the u.s ? 
  america occupied these areas by force and south korea was even under a dictatorship loyal to the u.s until fairly recently . 
   the occupation lasted less than 10 years . 
  american troops in south korea and japan are there by invitation . 
  yeah , because incirlik makes turkey love the u.s ? 
  and the okinawans really like the american occupation of their island . 
   not trillions . 
  not even close . 
  you 're so far off base there it 's rather painful . 
  all of europe received the equivalent of $ 120b in today 's currency . 
  japan received almost nothing . 
  other than the benefits of being the american staging area for the korean war , and a beneficial trade agreement ( japan could export on friendly terms to the us while acting protectionist towards its own industries ) , there was no help . 
  i do n't know anything about this , you might be right . 
   look at poland , even . 
  communist 25 years ago , desperately poor , and now leapfrogging turkey . 
  where was the help there ? 
  the biggest increases in gdp per capita happened before joining the eu . 
  are you denying that there are massive economic incentives to joining the eu ? 
  mind explaining where i 'm wrong ? 
  i may have exaggerated a bit but the point stands . 
   however , even if you are fully right , and we can not be friends , does that really mean turkey has to turn into a authoritarian state with no freedom of press , speech or any form of democratic government and justice ? 
  no , but it gives endless ammo to the ones who rightfully believes we should adopt the same ideology as our friends . 
   because many people ca n't conceive that turkey can ever become a muslim european-like country if someone like erdogan keeps being democratically elected . 
  how about pis , trump or orban ? 
   i 'm sure that nobody would have a problem about turkey joining the eu if a clear majority of the society was liberal and secular . 
  a clear majority is secular , but not liberal . 
   and you should also take into account that this subreddit is a bit centre-right aligned , so it is n't really representative of the opinions of all the europeans . 
  except a majority of europeans support a full ban on all muslims . 
  if anything this subreddit is too left wing for the kind of hatred europeans really carry within them . 
  education would probably provide the extra 10 % of vote needed against erdogan , so if you want him gone , you would want turkey in the eu . 
  also it would rob him of much of his rhetoric , which revolves around how hated turks/muslims are in europe . 
  right now the west is just proving him right . 
  i can promise you the recent poll where the majority of europeans support a permanent ban on all muslims will be used to great effectiveness here . 
  if that 's the image you have of the turkish population then you 're a dumbass . 
  not even akp voters are as conservative as turks in germany . 
  i do n't care about the eu right now , i 'm just saying part of the reason why my country is going the way that it is . 
  i 've been told that europeans appearantly dislike us because they are `` worried '' for us , just fuck off then instead . 
  would you mind telling me where i 'm wrong ? 
  we are dropping it , if you didi n't notice . 
  similarly , stop complaining if turkey distances itself from western values . 
  are you literally going through my profile and replying to everything i 've said ? 
  i 'm not very interested in what an east european thinks , so leave me alone . 
  sorry but we are talking about the west , not eastern europe . 
  we were western-aligned because nato protected us from the ussr . 
  ataturk reformed us with the image of joining europe .
