   yeah ... ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  do n't mix iq with political tact ... 
  hmm , i ca n't figure you out . 
  have a good evening though !, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  is putting minarets on the hagia sophia automatically a bad thing now ? 
  americans are known for having borderline retarded knowledge of our history so excuse me if i do n't take you seriously . 
   usa does n't seem to be influenced by mexico . 
  new world is hardly comperable , and the u.s is n't influenced by mexico ? 
  what ? 
   care to elaborate ? 
  especially for the `` ancestry '' part . 
  take a look at the studies . 
   greece has influenced the balkans in a way , for example the cyrillic alphabet that serbs , bulgarians and slavo-macedonians use . 
  also the byzantines spread their religion in some places of the balkans . 
  therefore , it 's safe to say that it 's not greece that got influenced by the balkans , but kinda the opposite , although not exclusively of course i 'm tired of this jingoism . 
  you were controlled by us for 500 years , arguably the byzantines were partially anatolian aswell , so longer than that . 
  serbian empire controlled most of greece , bulgarians also controlled chunks of it . 
  how can you so adamantly believe that greeks are westerners when all the facts are layed before you ? 
   i did n't say that you 're exclusively iranian or slavic . 
  but you have influences from those people . 
  you have little slavic influences but there are around 2 million bosniak descendants in turkey for example . 
  everybody is influenced by their neighbours , i worded it poorly . 
   it 's not wrong . 
  the ottomans used to write with arabic-iranian characters , how were you not influenced by them ? 
  and seriously , your comparison with the romans is completely ridiculous . 
  tell me what the hell did you kept from the romans ? 
  plenty of things , such as much of our food , music , court traditions etc , most importantly our ancestry . 
  by romans i mean byzantines , of course . 
   i know that i 'm not italian . 
  but it 's the italians and the rest of the southern europeans that i feel culturally connected with . 
  and i never said anything like `` shit europe '' , you 're just making assumptions again okay , greece is culturally connected with south europe true , but moreso with the balkans . 
   so if someone says that turkey is not european is a far-righter ? 
  many normal people consider turkey a non european country . 
  but that could also mean that you 're influenced from europe as well individual positions can be right-wing without making the holder completely right-wing . 
  most people who think we 're completely uneuropean are ignorant about what we are , which is why this discussion started in the first place . 
  remove latin remove latin, 
   i 'm gon na read the links later , i think that turks have a lot of anatolian dna in them but you also have iranian , slavic , albanian etc what 's wrong with that ? 
  the ottomans assimilated many bosnians , bulgarians etc of course , since it proves you wrong you will read it `` later '' . 
  no we 're not iranian or slavic . 
  we are anatolians , and we are related to all our neighbours , the caucasus especially . 
  you 're claiming that we 're related mainly to kurds and iranians , and i 've disproven that . 
   i never said that you 're middle eastern . 
  if i had to describe turkish culture , i would say it 's anatolian with iranian and arabic influences . 
  and how is this not the definition of middle eastern ? 
  we * are * middle eastern , but get it in your head that you can be european at the same time . 
  you 're right on iranian , but arabic is wrong once again . 
  how are we more influenced by arabs than for an example the roman empire ? 
   i 'm neither balkan , i come from an island , also i 'm not west asian since i do n't have anatolian or pontian ancestry like many greeks have . 
  if i was , i would n't be ashamed though . 
  unlike you , i 'm not a wannabe and i know who i am you think islands do n't have continents ? 
  greek islands are part of the balkans or west asia ( depends on if you use plates as a measure ) . 
   the whole world considers greece a southern european country . 
  geographically . 
  turkish thrace is also considered south europe . 
  does n't make us south europeans culturally or ethnically . 
   why are you so desperate to prove that greece is more similar to your dictatorship neo-ottomanist country than the rest of europe ? 
  you seem obsessed , focus on you own life and learn to speak for yourself . \u00a8 you are the one obsessed with denying greek ties to `` shit europe '' . 
  you 're not an italian , wake up . 
   i agree that you 're kinda eurasian but 80 % of your country is in asia . 
  therefore eurasian , geography is very different from culture and ethnicity , and those two are more important when differing between europe and asia . 
   i 'm not even remotely a far-righter , i dislike these guys , calling me a far-righter just because i disagree with you is fucking immature i did not call you a far-righter , just that most people who hold your position are far-right , and its a far-right position . 
  although you 're so fluid with what your opinions are that i do n't even know . 
   and who are you to say that ? 
  people in greece do n't consider bulgaria or any balkan country similar to us . 
  the southern european countries is where greece belongs culturally you guys can consider all you want , i 'm talking about reality here . 
   then do it , send me a source http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/2010/12/are-turks-acculturated-armenians/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people  where did you got that from ? 
  your ass ? 
  i 'm a very liberal and open minded person my self , who are you to tell me that i do n't know my people you dumbass ? 
   you claimed that we are culturally close countries we do n't even consider ourselves close to , i 'm pretty sure you 're one of those turks who is desperate to prove his `` europeannes '' and looks down on arabs and kurds . 
  just accept who you are for fucks sake and you 're one of those greeks desperate to prove our middle easternness out of lack of education and a third world mentality . 
  we are eurasian , no matter the barrage of far-right europeans assuring us that we have no relation to them . 
  this is a fact established by anthropology and i ca n't figure out why some idiots deny it . 
  funny that you are so ashamed of your balkan/west asian heritage that you desperately deny reality . 
  you 're not anymore south european than albania is . 
  best back-up phone . 
  10/10 argument now back up your facts with proof or go back to r/north _ america, 
  you 're asking me to prove that most greeks do n't believe they are sent from heaven and landed on earth and have no relation with their neighbours unlike literally every single nation on earth ? 
  the burden of proof is on you . 
   portugal , spain , italy ( mostly south italy ) lolno . 
  south italy maybe but you 're not closer to portugal then you are to bulgaria . 
   you are genetically similar to kurds , iranians etc but you also have a lot of balkan dna ( bosniak/slavic , albanian etc ) bullshit again , you have no sources for anything you say and i have science on my side . 
  i can link you the studies if you want to be proven wrong , again . 
   poor troll attempt . 
  i was talking about the ottoman times but still , how do you know more greeks than someone born and raised in greece ? 
  well , maybe you only hang around delusional fascists , but you clearly do n't know anything about your own people . 
  wow you were serious ? 
  i do n't understand how i can argue with you . 
  you literally do n't have any foothold in reality . 
  i 'm not wasting any more time . 
  he downvoted us :d there are idiots everywhere , most greeks are n't like this at all . 
  pff , we are more roman than you bastards . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost 50 % of all latvians were planned to be `` removed '' to make room for germans . 
  you underestimate the visciousness of the nazis . 
  til thrace and northern caucasus is n't in europe . 
  same, 
  err ... 
  not what i meant , it 's hard to read as a secular . 
  did you pick the wrong flair ? 
  yeah , the south-east are mostly in istanbul or the west these days anyway .
