  he would 100 % lose voters if he did that . 
  lol , they could n't even use a proper ataturk quote, 
  ahahahahaha , what is it with juncker recently ? 
  the man is a savage . 
  no medicine i am give life for erdugun . 
  right , but that is easily fixed by running ads showing how our country actually looks like . 
  after erdogan , of course . 
  it 's just regular ignorance . 
   you misunderstood completely . 
  the netherlands used to be something of a colonial empire , and yeah , indonesians tend to be kinda hostile , though i suppose you would n't know about that . 
  never seen anything like what we recieve online . 
   i do n't let it get to me though , i think it is rather immature and vile to call the people my country has surpressed for hundreds of years with lingering effects ` neanderthals ' for example . 
  that would be classless behaviour . 
  these countries were surpressed by everyone , but they latch onto us because they recieve support from you guys if they bash muslims . 
  why do n't they hate austrians ? 
   btw , newsflash for you probably , but from where i am sitting and what i have seen of turks doing last couple of weeks ( and before that too honestly ) the turks seem much more deserving of the descriptor ` neanderthal ' or ` broken people . ', 
  except that 50 % of us are normal , unlike your precious easterners . 
   not that i would engage in that kind of racism , since i am not a turk . 
  lol . 
  i think you should switch accounts occasionally . 
  it gets boring when it 's always the same username leaving anti-turk and anti-muslim comments . 
  pomaks are bulgarians . 
  christian bulgarians are n't poor enough to move to a country they hate , unlike armenians . 
  dunno , we spoke greek back then . 
  akp voters do believe in democracy , just that they think 49 % of the vote equals 100 % of the power and the right to do whatever you want . 
  oh you changed your flair now . 
  okay . 
  this is definitely a flairless american who bases his entire worldview on / pol / , 
  tbh one georgian is enough , 
  we do n't live in the past like neckbeard westerners do . 
  good luck finding a turk that claims the achievments of western countries , like sad polish people do . 
  you 're really so butthurt that you 'd try to brigade my comment in a fairly anti-turkish thread ? 
  no clue , it 's technically true . 
  this is not true at all , what source do you have ? 
  american lurkers most likely, 
  hdi of istanbul is very high, 
   do n't listen to the turks , they 're still angry about vienna . 
  flair checks out . 
  edit : he removed his american flair xd, 
  lol, 
  sorry dutch people are n't allowed in a batman hotels . 
  why the fuck are we grouped with greece . 
  edit : east med ? 
  i do n't agree with the racist hotel owner . 
  but i honestly do n't think we use any polish cars or tech . 
  edit : the witcher 3 is software , people . 
  akp voter = / = street violence, 
  hmm , that 's not my experience . 
  riight , not normal turks or kurds though . 
  i think it was in belarus actually , or lithuania . 
  europe does n't have a solid definition , but it 's probably around there somewhere . 
  of course what the fuck dude how could you not do this you disgusting pigs . 
  hope i never touch anything you have touched , i would have to amputate my hands after that shit dude . 
  hence why you wash your hands again in the kitchen sink . 
  this is me too . 
  it 's not that bad unless it 's winter . 
  south asia is kind of an exception though . 
  probably more common in turkey than in the west . 
  we just have very rough hairs . 
  you 're missing out, 
  we 're not russia or belarus * yet *, 
  is ok komrade you can move rectangle here we trade for kurdistran, 
  yes , if there is no bidet i use wet wipes . 
  i 'm not a filthy animal . 
  ikr , why would you waste precious soup pee on health . 
  that 's right gavur , order like 10 rakis : dddd, 
  pomaks do n't identify as turks . 
  as i said , that number does not include `` turks '' from bulgaria . 
  greeks were obviously a heavenly aryan people who descended from thule 100.000.000 years ago and have no relation to their neighbours . 
  oh god it 's you again . 
  the greek who desperately tries to portray himself as non-balkans . 
  maybe it 's something in the greek water ? 
  have you looked in the mirror recently ? 
  what do you look like ? 
  yeah , if you can find money that is, 
  what a dumb post , as if territory in continents are handed out politically, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarians_in_turkey 300.000-600 .000 bulgarian muslims , and this number does not include the assimilated ones or turks from bulgaria . 
  it 's a shitton compared to the usual sizes of minorities elsewhere , but it 's actually dwarfed by the amount of other immigrants in turkey . 
  a shitton, 
  the downvotes , this thread drew the expected redditors . 
  if you want to destroy our country this much it 's never too late, 
  you will never find the turk horses , i will not afraid, 
  how is babby made, 
  more like `` honour '', 
  well , do i have bad news for you . 
  did he say this ? 
  pff , raki is greater drunkness for your money . 
   legacy of being an empire does that . 
  i understand that perfectly fine . 
  that 's why you see so many dutch people whining about spaniards and being extremely hostile in general ? 
  oh please . 
   if you hate it so much , be the bigger person , or are you suggesting that they should do the pandering and bridge-building all alone ? 
  you ca n't build bridges with neanderthals , east europeans are broken people and we turks ca n't fix that . 
  consider the fact that there is a huge rift between muslims and the christian world in addition . 
  never trust opinion polls , i do n't think there is a single one in turkey that has n't got some kind of bias . 
  is n't raki technically wine ? 
  oh , i thought they were kicking out german citizens , phew, 
  no need for shovel davarishch what are you western pigdog ? 
  gulenist get no burial, 
  kurds are split 50-50 akp-opposition,
