  but i do n't see how you can read nations , especially your own , into a fantasy book that much , sounds like the first stage of rightwingism . 
  `` the turks '' sounds like we 're lead by sauron . 
  a wild random armenian genocide mention appears !, 
  well , i do n't mind it being used by people who are obviously joking . 
  but in my experience , most of the people using that joke has suitable accompanying political views . 
  rip armenia and georgia, 
  what did he say ? 
  have they finally started to crack down on genocidal pseudo-jokes ? 
  dayum what did he say ? 
  first time i see anything removed for hate speech here . 
  not having central asian dna does n't exclude being an ethnic group . 
  ^ this no way all of this in europe will end well as long as europeans have a blood and soil racial view of belonging . 
  not that turkey does n't . 
  i would try and be a part of the change , just like the youth are trying in egypt . 
  agreed . 
  it does make it better . 
  yes to all three . 
  watch us fall, 
  this one is american too . 
  murican ? 
  welcome when all of this is over, 
  you say that , but there actually are a bunch of anzacs in gallipoli most of the time . 
  you fucking killed me, 
  i understood it just fine , turkey meaning anatolians . 
  serious domestic violence . 
  the women in the west has it better , but there are still problems obviously . 
  erdogan would love that . 
  no please . 
  lol at you getting downvoted . 
  well , i have no problem with sending back troglodytes . 
   should probably do the same to all these backwards bigots in your own countries too . 
  yes , a pissing contest , just what we need . 
  ^ this , chp is playing this very smartly . 
  i would guess it 's because not all migrants are troglodytes ? 
  also they are n't really an existential threat to free europe like the right-wing populism is . 
  yeah i 'm not replying to that nutcase anymore . 
  was n't even fun to begin with . 
  wow , you guys managed to make this about muslims too . 
  edit : the holocaust was n't really related to islam last i checked , but of course you would deflect atleast some of it by upvoting anti-muslim comments on a thread about the nazi war crimes . 
  well shit fuck me for entering this argument then . 
  you want to argue just to argue . 
  lemon mountain turks *, 
  hmm , i was unaware that i was president erdogan . 
   those-who-must-not-be-named now i 'm curious . 
  why is that irony ? 
  do you have to be from the west to point out that czechs are non-western now ? 
  you yugos would n't be spared either in that case . 
  europe would be the secound place after saudi arabia that deports people who do n't fit into mainstream ideology and culture . 
  also are n't you the far-right guy from r/askeurope or is that some other slav ? 
  lol , controversial xd, 
  same same, 
  he 's not from a western country , so he does n't have western values , not that surprising . 
  he 's feeding erdogan with even more ammunition , but i can understand not wanting foreign campaigning in your country . 
  i 'm going to order a scalpel to represent my albanian heritage . 
  ^ eu is the actual kandirildik.jpg , or maybe they 're doing all this shit on purpose ? 
  if `` no '' side wins , we will see pretty big changes i believe . 
  i have n't met a single person that were dumb enough to fall for the `` no side are terrorist '' crap , the government even retracted that pretty quickly . 
  the polls speak for themselves . 
  people do n't want a dictatorship , that includes yes voters . 
  acting like a dictatorship has always decreased the popularity of any government in turkey . 
  looking at his comment history , probably mass deportations . 
  guys really this is n't helping the no side at all . 
  they can just play the victim card even more and the opposition is also critical of the bannings . 
  :p turkish nationalists would probably support hungarians anyway . 
  people do n't want more negativity . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a diaspora turk yourself if you have such a twisted view on our country . 
  their votes only go down if they campaign and threaten the opposition etc , they almost always back off and adopt a softer tone when they realise this , like they are doing now . 
  i would n't think so , what is going on between you guys and the romanians are none of our business . 
   ok , if that 's what you believe , are spain and morocco similar ? 
  * not actual neighbours , spain has colonial cities in morocco , not an actual land border . 
  * have n't shared the same empire since roman times . 
  in fact has never shared countries really . 
   how has mexico influenced the us ? 
  food , music , history , massive amounts of mexican-americans ? 
   ` jingoist ' is a term that applies to millions of turks . 
  not to me . 
  okay , i disagree . 
  in greece those 400 ( not 500 ) years are considered the dark ages of our history . 
  also just because you occupied us it does n't mean that we were influenced by you , the greeks managed to preserve their culture sure , but if you actually look at our shared culture instead of hiding under your bed , you would notice that you 're very wrong . 
   in what sense ? 
  most of them lived in anatolia ? 
   are you even trying ? 
  serbian rule in greece lasted for 25 years . 
  anyway , it was the byzantines who kinda influenced the serbs , see cyrillic alphabet 25 years is enough during those times , slavic influence lasted much longer . 
   what chunks ? 
  and for how long ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_bulgarian_empire pretty long  no matter how much you hate it for some reason , greeks are westerners . 
  the western civilization was born in greece , what else do you need ? 
  false , ideas were created in ancient greece ( very different from modern greece arguably ) that led to western culture being born during the early modern era . 
  by that logic poland would also be west europe . 
   what facts for fucks sake ? 
  you seem to have inferiority complexes , i can not explain it otherwise , you seem to be obsessed with trying to prove that greeks are something they are not , is it because your own country is becoming a dictatorship and thus you feel the need to bring others on your own level ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  do you see greeks on reddit trying to pull the same shit like you ? 
  you 're the one with the inferiority complex , you squeal like a pig when i mention how greece actually looks to everyone . 
  i 'm not saying greece is bad or anything . 
  beside , this argument started when your complex forced you to jump in and screech that we are in fact more kurdish than balkan/caucasian , something you 've shut up about after i dropped proof to the countrary . 
   g\u00f6k\u00e7ek has continued to reject the criticisms and claimed that `` leftist companies '' are behind the allegations . 
  observe your future , america and anyone who follows them . 
  you 'll have to make sarma with only the wrapping if we take over again .
