  if someone accurately described one of the ancestors of western civilization as being jesus , does that make him western ??? 
  ancient greece and israel laid the cultural groundwork for what would later be adopted by western countries , there are many other contributors aswell . 
   '' western culture is characterized by a host of artistic , philosophic , literary , and legal themes and traditions ; the heritage of greek , roman , jewish , [ 1 ] celtic , slavic , and other ethnic and linguistic right next to jewish , i.e influential cultures . 
   `` a cornerstone of western thought , beginning in ancient greece and continuing through the middle ages and renaissance and into modern times , is a tradition of rationalism in various spheres of life , developed by hellenistic philosophy , scholasticism , humanism , the scientific revolution and the enlightenment . 
  values of western culture have , throughout history , been derived from political thought , widespread employment of rational argument favouring freethought , assimilation of human rights , the need for equality , and democracy . 
  same as above . 
   ancient greece is considered the birthplace of western culture , with the world 's first democratic system of government and major advances in philosophy , science , and mathematics . 
  greece was followed by rome , which made key contributions in law , government , engineering and political organization . 
  [ 16 ] western culture continued to develop with the christianisation of europe during the middle ages , the reform and modernization triggered by the renaissance , and with globalization by successive european empires , that spread european ways of life and european educational methods around the world between the 16th and 20th centuries . 
  [ citation needed ] european culture developed with a complex range of philosophy , medieval scholasticism , and mysticism , and christian and secular humanism . 
  [ 17 ] [ page needed ] rational thinking developed through a long age of change and formation , with the experiments of the enlightenment , and breakthroughs in the sciences . '', 
  same as above . 
  it 's like saying mecca being a cornerstone of indonesian culture makes arabia indonesian . 
   idiot !, 
  no need to lose your cool , i realize your entire self worth may be relying on being considered western , but you do n't have to care about what i say anyway . 
  do n't worry . 
  looks good actually move along , my heritage seems to be safe in your nazi hands, 
  tbh they barely do, 
  still accurate, 
  wait surely you do n't eat cheese with kebab ? 
  philadelphia is the old name of ala\u015fehir, 
  nazi * fascist is what kurds call * us *, 
   turkey is just budget greece the irony, 
  he was actually named nikola teslao\u011flu , western pigdogs have corrupted our history . 
  do n't play stupid with me, 
  uh , the definition of west developed because of islam and eastern orthodoxy . 
  catholic christianity was west while the others were `` east '' . 
  it 's only recently someone would describe greece as the west , because everything is now being against islam . 
  100 years ago , greece was 100 % considered part of the near east . 
   think of it in comparison to the rest of the world . 
  lol , we are chinese compared to south africans . 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  just because greece is closer to france than to native americans does n't make greece western . 
   actually renaissance by far owes its existance to byzantines that found refuge in italy after the fall of constantinople . 
  renaissance science was also fueled by the work of arab and persian scientists , does that make the middle east european ? 
   edit : also you forget that the empire ( the east part ) had always problems with the arabs and persians even before islam . 
  there are many wars to prove it . 
  surely after islam was introduced the antithesis with those people ( arabs , persians ) got even stronger as another element came to make their differences even bigger . 
  lol , ottomans fought arabs and persians for a long time too . 
  ottomans are western !, 
  ! 111 you literally made the same fallacy three times . 
  how is the climate in brittany ? 
  i might have found a place to escape to . 
  lol , germany and japan wanted to be occupied and westernized and forced into liberal democracy ? 
  i think ww2 showed all we need to know about messing with russia . 
  ww1 russia was defeated by angry russians , not anybody else . 
  do n't mind him , he 's mental . 
  riiiight , you know nothing . 
  both , it was started before alexander when greeks colonized the coast and finished by the romans . 
  the ottomans did these things . 
  the point is that it 's never worth being colonized . 
  uh , we do n't have oil , and much larger opposition . 
  so neither . 
  yeah because it ended so badly in japan , germany etc edit ; for clarification , do n't fucking invade us jesus christ i do n't want to be bombed, 
  rounder head, 
  depends on what minority really , non-caucasians i 'd agree . 
  try again, 
  what has this to do with free press ? 
  the fact that a * left-wing * newspaper are okay with using this sort of language when referring to a big part of the danish population should tell you enough . 
  we are getting downvoted . 
  that 's why i 'm worried . 
  i hope there are n't that many turks there . 
  can you imagine the outrage an american major newspaper would generate if they had an article like that ? 
  even trump is left wing compared to denmark smh . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no one serious actually denies any genocides on christians , i sure hope u/t129 does n't either . 
  but europeans constantly deny or ignore that any turks or muslims died during this time period too . 
  just look at how little attention something like the circassian genocide gets . 
  armenian genocide will never be recognized as long as its politicized and used as a weapon against the turkish people . 
  so you deny that muslims were massacred ? 
  genocide denying is illegal in france bro . 
  feck off murican, 
  such is life, 
  manchester gave us the greatest man to have ever lived . 
  is the title legit ? 
  what the shit ? 
  u jelly bro, 
  those ethnicities had a conscious effort to westernize themselves , due to islam being threatening . 
  if the middle east was still christian it would have been the same as them being muslim , i.e crusades against heretics . 
  there would be no external enemy for christianity . 
  you do n't . 
  he 's american , this is usually how they are when they pop in to drop their `` wisdom '' . 
  well ... gulenists and isis are islamists who are against erdogan . 
  i mean , it 's not like the rest of turkey locks women up in cages either . 
   which itself is one of few such places in the muslim world as a whole . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  yeah because the 50 % of turkey that is anti-erdogan is clearly christian am i right ? 
  like all those muslims killed during the same time period . 
  muslims do n't count dude . 
  that is incredibly disrespectful to all of those turkish journalists and opposition supporters who are in jail or even dead . 
  objectively wrong, 
  not here it has n't . 
  that does n't sound too different from western turkey . 
  just because certain parts are liberal does n't mean the society is . 
  too far , slavic turkey, 
  i 'm not sure who else could possibly be ludicrous enough to suggest social democrats are far-right . 
  the quran does not explicitly mention any worldly punishment for blasphemy ( sabb allah or sabb al-rasul ) . 
  it 's a case of the corruption of hadiths again . 
  basically the source of all the shit in islam . 
  if only he had that level of insight . 
  do you hang around anarchists much ?
