  is greece and djibouti similar politically ? 
  lol , sorry to disappoint you . 
  jobbik are the only far-right party in europe that are self-aware enough to be huge fans of islamism . 
  which groups are you referring to ? 
  we will resist while you go lie down under your bed . 
  in what world do you live where erdogan wins 51 % fairly ? 
  someone called him an armenian as an insult , of course he thinks its an insult . 
  context is everything . 
  would calling your president a turk not be an insult in your country ? 
  there is no way armenians would get 5 % of votes , they 're like a million people at absolute max . 
  why, 
  mr. armchair politician strikes again . 
  should n't even have to explain why you 're wrong at this point . 
  yes, 
  deserts are n't magically warmer . 
  antalya is hardly a desert but is warmer than the arid highlands . 
  was in antalya , at a friends house . 
  let 's not forget cheetsy doodling . 
  i have personally experienced 40 + , ca n't remember perfectly but i think it was close or higher than 45 . 
  the asphalt was soft like one of those childrens playground mat things and for some reason i thought it would be a good idea to walk to the beach . 
  i believe the experience may have damaged me permanently . 
  no u, 
  would you consider the byzantine empire or the greeks to be european ? 
  how about the balkans ? 
  the caucasus ? 
  almost all turkish ancestors in reality fall into one of those cathegories , even if we like pretending that we 're mongol . 
  this is our land , we didi n't take it from anybody . 
  our origin is ancient anatolia and the romans . 
  google translate :  chp leader kemal k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu ` nun justice march for the akp two separate surveys said that the surveys . 
  on the third day of the walk , chp istanbul deputy bar\u0131\u015f yarkada\u015f stated that the first questionnaire surveyed how the society looked at the march . 
  yarkada\u015f stated that the questionnaire about how the society looked at the march was completed in a short time and that the results were presented to the authorized boards of the akp . 
  `` it was seen that the society looked favorably on the march and the majority supported it . 
  the akp has set a policy for the outcome of this survey , `` he said . 
   according to the report of the republic of mahmut lycali ; the chp 's yarkada\u015f said that the akp 's second survey was aimed at perceptions of justice in turkey . 
   evaluation in akp  yarkada\u015f stated that the question is that 76 percent of the population in the survey stated that `` there is no justice in turkey '' , the result of this survey is taken seriously by akp . 
  yarkada\u015f , said : `` the reason for this outcome in the survey are : especially the victim of a hundred people close to the thrown out of the khk . 
  there is no solution to the problems of these people . 
  they are to be declared guilty even if they have been overtaken for months and their rights have not yet been investigated . 
  they should not even know what they are accused of . 
  journalists arrested all over the place . 
  thousands of people arrested or detained after the july 15 coup attempt are still not prepared for indictment . 
  arbitrary arbitrary decisions by criminal judges . 
  initiating an investigation into any opposing thinkers drawn in the social media . '', 
   community thirsts for justice  chp yarkada\u015f , the society is right reasons to think such a reason , said : `` because more than half of the society is burned by judicial authorities . 
  at the moment , an investigation has been launched about whether a close family , son , bride , cousin , or khk is involved in almost every family in turkey . 
  these investigations do not end in judicial processes , it does not end . 
  hundreds of thousands are victims of this injustice . 
  as seen from our march and survey results , the community is thirsty . 
  the society now wants justice and it shows that it is tired of the injustices made by the government itself , `` he spoke . 
  if anybody has a better translation tool , i 'd love to use it . 
  none of that is true at all . 
   would the arabs be european too if they stayed in europe ? 
  if they are mainly of `` european '' descent and have been here for a 1000 years , then i sure hope so . 
   the ottoman empire 's land was not centered in turkey , it ended in turkey . 
  actually it ended in slovakia . 
  okay , good job . 
  just saying in general , mods wo n't change anything if you post random whining in the normal subreddit . 
  r/europe is n't turkophobic , that 's bullshit . 
  certain threads are . 
  til anatolia is in greece . 
  these people 's forefathers were farmers . 
  i wish i could tell them to come here , but not anymore . 
  you should be more positive , russia is an attractive country . 
  that 's our thing goddamn russian theives . 
  hey , it could be worse !, 
  knowing something like that requires a frontal cortex , it 's much easier for simple brains to think of groups as single individuals . 
  ah , many were hidden under a removed comment . 
  anyway , if you have complaints about the subreddit rules post in r/europemeta instead of spamming threads . 
  stoped venice we war you !, 
  we 're realist , unlike your westernfed pessimism . 
  erect, 
  where is this ? 
  i do n't see most of these . 
  i do n't see it . 
  man , you 're always so negative . 
  dope old days would be alternative universe where the ottomans took vienna . 
  : ddd, 
  a for effort . 
  we wuz khanz n shit, 
  why is it almost exclusively either americans or danes too ? 
  we have money . 
  it 's already built so it 's a bit too late . 
  we also need wall to stop terrorist groups bringing heavy weapons in . 
  big wall, 
  yes , we do the same . 
  are you ? 
  you are my favorite user . 
  what is going on, 
  it sure is edit : hey assholes , why you downvote this guy ? 
  exactly what i expected . 
  it adds to the turkishness . 
  no country can invade another properly armed one without massive casualties . 
  good deterrent for war methinks . 
  go back to pol , shoo, 
  i think lessening gun control and seeing its ill effects should be considered . 
  if it does n't increase it by much then we should be able to buy guns , why not ? 
  that seems terribly dangerous . 
  who is defending the government ? 
  you 're spewing anti-turkish shit in every single thread and when people call you out you scream `` stop defending islamists '' . 
  you : -9  why are you defending this nation of islamists ?
