they played it smart and voted no . 
  it was n't about independence at all , it was just to get more from the uk under the current system . 
  i like the bullet hole in putin 's head . 
  personal ? 
  why would they do that when they can supply the actual ukrainian army fighting the separatists ? 
  if only the rebels were using wmds or there were rumors floating around that they had wmds and were willing to sell them on the black market . . we 'd invade in a heartbeat and bring freedom and democracy there . 
  also , oil . 
  why stop at los angeles when you can go full circle to moscow . 
  nobody cares about kazakhstan tho . 
  maybe if he went for like poland or lithuania . . 
  that 's cute . . 
  american empire advances its frontier yet again ~, 
  that 's not the same as directly experiencing those conflicts . 
  a ton of people in the us also has grandparents that have been involved in many conflicts like wwii , korea , vietnam , and more recently fresh veterans out of iraq and afghanistan . 
  in fact more americans probably know or are themseleves people who have experienced war directly than europeans today . 
  that still does n't change the fact that young europeans and americans living today who would have to bear the brunt of a war ( conscription , economic hardship , displacement etc. ), 
  have never experienced war firsthand . 
  so they would n't know what a ` real ' price of war truly is . 
  do n't bluff with america because we will prevail . 
  they already believe in it since they are a part of nato . 
  the best way to stop nato is probably to join it and undermine/take it over from the inside . 
  it 's the same for a majority of europeans living today . 
  wwii is a long time ago for both america and europe and most veterans are either gone or near gone and a majority of the population have been born in a peaceful and wealthy world . 
  breaking news : putin hit by airstrike . 
  what happened to you sweden . . you used to be cool . 
  because nato is an alliance , not a us protectorate . 
  every member nation must contribute its fair share . 
  i think its the exact opposite . 
  the us military spending dwarfs that of other nations by such a wide margin that other nations dont bother to increase spending in order to counter the us - they simply cant - but allies feel safe , adversaries dont start trouble and all other nations gain confidence in the current world order and its preservation by american might . 
  you ca n't tell hitler to not raise his military budget . 
  you ca n't tell putin to not pursue a greater russia . 
  you ca n't tell mussolini to give up his dreams for a new rome . 
  you ca n't tell dictators and madmen to give up their ambitions and agendas , nor can you not raise your own military budget and somehow hope that your pacifism will prevent a war or an invasion . 
  that is just naive thinking . 
  you must always be ready to defend your country , and you can even argue that not raising your military budget starts more wars by showing your weakness and unwillingness to confront aggression . 
  yea , i hope they were increasing their military budget in the face of hitler 's fascism , or the threat of a communist take over by the soviet union . 
  good thing they were preparing to defend their country , not just sit there and do nothing like what happened in crimea . 
  if europe has learned anything from its history its that they must always be ready to prevent wars . 
  wwii , cold war , and the balkan war is not a distant memory , and neither is crimea . 
  do n't become soft just because of a few decades of peace . 
  thank you esti you rock ( unlike some of our nato allies ), 
  im sure that is an exception to the rule even in macedonia . 
  every country has its crappy and nice places . 
  should be interesting to see . 
  when can we expect to see the civil war , or a.k.a worldwar 3 or east vs west ? 
  / grabs popcorn, 
  not really . 
  miltary drills are routine exercises to keep your forces capable . 
  many other nations do routine exercises , for example rimpac the world 's largest maritime exercise held biennially hosted by the us at honolulu hawaii . 
  he meant not a valid argument as in winning the war . 
  if you lost 20 million people then its not really winning at all . 
  the usa has been alive since 1776 . 
  it was a great team effort . 
  we would n't have won without gb or ussr that 's for sure . 
  we can still take majority credit for the pacific campaign tho , so i think our ego is safe . 
  thank you obama for the much needed help in europe . 
  wow that sucks . 
  i really do n't care what you say . 
  you 're from finland , you insignificant insect . 
  please come back when you 've become at least a bit more civilized and relevant to talk to us in a respectful manner . 
  russia wins at all the drungs !, 
  germoney . 
  do n't you mean a full trillion less ? 
  and while the eu has 200 million more people producing only 1 trillion dollars more than the u.s. 
  i was just pointing out that i did n't expect the u.s. to be wildly more wealthy than the eu . . 
  i 'm quite surprised myself . 
  yea , so with 200 million less inhabitants , higher gdp per capita , and equal gdp the united states is wealthier than the eu . 
  are n't you the stupid one ? 
  so the united states is more wealthy than the eu ? 
  why does it make you sad ? 
  the u.s. is a strong friend of europe , and of poland . 
  that , ladies and gentlemen , is called the vodka line . 
  erm , if you could be a little less irrelevant that would be great, 
  these small countries like poland and czech republic acting tough is just so adorable . 
  thank you albania you save the day once again !, 
  london and berlin do n't have the balls . 
  turkey just does n't want to be the next ukraine . 
  they also have a break away region to worry about as well , and they do n't want to encourage russia in helping more break away regions separate now do they . 
  and it 's still happening !, 
  latest addition to the russian federation : crimea . 
  wwi anyone ? 
  looks like we got ourselves a network of military alliances again, 
  humanity is continuously in flux , and even democracy and civil liberties will be washed away just like our old ancestors . 
  can we expect poop geysers to erupt during the olympics ? 
  omg there 's actual snow there ? 
  or did they have to make it ? 
  me neither . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  the police were n't the ones lighting tires on fire and throwing molotovs and shooting fireworks in the first place violently protesting . 
  the police are citizens too and they do n't have time for this arab-spring shit . 
  the protesters are using them , so why not the police ? 
  hmm ok . good thing to know russian ukrainians love their country , 
  are you sure eastern ukrainians also have that same opinion ? 
  i heard they are ethnically culturally and economically practically russian than ukrainian . . 
  would n't admitting another large , non - ` european ' power be more beneficial to smaller eu nations ? 
  it would certainly balance out the france-germany dominance of the union . . 
  dude you just got destroyed . . 
  it 's better to leave ukraine under russia 's influence instead of eu absorbing it right now . 
  too much problems in eu currently and it ca n't take more more problems that ukraine will bring . 
  if it wants to join the eu , then it 's got ta clean up its house and join when it meets the proper politico-economic requirements .
