if you 're talking about [ christine maggiore ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christine_maggiore ) , the man who invented pcr ( as mentioned in the parent thread ) [ kary mullis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kary_mullis ) wrote the foreword to her hiv-aids denial book . 
  when the vehicles stick together they have a new combined mass so they 're treated as one particle . 
  momentum is a vector so you 'll have to add the vector momentum of a to the momentum vector of b to find the momentum of the system ( hint : they 're moving perpendicular to each other ) . 
  use this momentum to find the final velocity for part b. 
  [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carbon_monoxide#uses ) i do n't know if that 's any help . 
  i was actually interested to see medical uses for it considering the name it made for it self with suffocation . 
  [ you say that now ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ztj6tauy1ju#t=160s ), 
  [ seemed appropriate . 
  source for the curious ? 
  usually i reserve it for moments where i know i 'm about to die ( usually with a charging pyro ) so i switch to the ullapool caber and take us both out by hitting the floor . 
  i 'm currently studying a-level maths and from what i gather the khan academy videos are geared more to the american style courses where courses are split into algebra , calculus and trigonometry ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  in terms of deviation , the example i 'd say would be calculus , where videos start with an introduction to limits but limits are not really encountered in the normal a-level course ( i ca n't speak for the further maths course ) except for when mentioned in derivatives of formulae in the textbook . 
  really i think you should find what board you want to do , get a textbook for the board and the modules you want to do . 
  edexcel 's books which are published by pearson have a `` livecd '' with each copy , they contain worked solutions to any problems you may have with the plentiful exercises available . 
  for a taster of the edexcel live cds i 'd visit [ here ] ( http://sci2.co.uk/maths.html ) . 
  standard a-level maths modules are usually c1 , c2 , c3 and c4 ( pure maths ) , m1 ( mechanics ) and s1 ( statistics ) . 
  there 's also the advantage that you study four as modules and two a2 modules so if you find c3 and c4 difficult you can still bank on c1 , c2 , m1 and s1 if you seek a specific grade . 
  i 'm taking further maths as an as ( fp1 , m2 and m3 instead of d1 ) , supposedly d1 is easier but it can fluctuate from year to year ( from an exam-centric point of view ) . 
  apparently it can be a pain in the ass too because of all the drawing in the exam . 
  it 's derived from codeine i believe which is pretty similar in terms of chemistry to morphine ( i think it 's the methyl ester of morphine but i 'm no expert ) . 
  part of the problem is that the people synthesizing the drug have to use chemicals such as iodine which is n't filtered out from the mixture so they 're really injecting incredibly impure stuff into themselves . 
  the addictive qualities of krokodil turn it into a repeat process . 
  edit : wiki 'd , codeine is 3-methylmorphine so it 's just methylated morphine and not an ester of morphine . 
  `` you think you kill me with bullets ? 
  i take your fuckin ' bullets !, 
  - tony montana, 
  i think you 're correct , i 'm no expert but i think the reason ac current is useful as it can be used in transformers to scale up the voltage for the grid which is supplied directly from the generator ( which should also do that ) . 
  then i 'd reason that arguing for ac you 'd just have to calculate changes in efficiency after . 
  may i ask what college you 've applied for ? 
  i see , applicant for christ 's here , exams permitting . 
  i agree with this , i also felt that they added in certain moments in to compensate for the fact that the movie was n't in the book 's first person narrative , so it gives a general feel for the atmosphere around panem watching katniss ' in the hunger games . 
  i do n't know if any of you study a-level chemistry with ccea , because it feels like this all the time ( although that may not be the case ) . 
  any source for these figures in comparison with the rest of the uk ? 
  ( would n't mind comparing ) and is there any specific reason why they 're lower ? 
  b-b-b-but [ chemistry ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b018b8cw ) makes brian cox 's hair products !, 
  i find chemistry interesting enough , in my current experience ( in relation to the initial post ) it 's more exam-centric as to why students do n't perform so well . 
  i 'm pointing the finger a bit there , but to me ccea 's published mark schemes can sometimes be inconsistent , pedantic and the exams themselves can range from challenging to mind-boggling on first approach . 
  i skip this problem anyhow for the most part ( i 'm sure there 'll be lovely suprises ) , physics applicants ab\u00fa . 
  which does tie in advantageously to physical chemistry at least . 
  last year for us it was , `` now if you 'll just smell compound y. . . '' , acetic acid was a nice start . 
  tl ; dr i do n't like ccea . 
  so yes , we would probably be better off moving to aqa/ocr/edexcel . 
  i 'm just gon na through in my two cents in a little depth on it ( to a fellow sufferer ) although i will say that i am blaming them a lot and i do n't really know all the facts about it :, 
  there are a lot of angles i 've heard for and against . 
  i know a few teachers have taught aqa at a-level ( although i 'm quoting from a biology teacher , not a chemistry teacher ) and they praised the structure of the exam . 
  they said aqa started off with the ` simpler ' topics and worked its way into the more complex topics ( i figured a progression of ecology to biochemistry ) . 
  i 've noticed this with edexcel in maths , for example , initiating an exam with a binomial expansion progressing to a question on first order differential equations , which people tend to find harder . 
  ccea on the other hand just wings it at you and lets you get on with it . 
  i 've heard this as a complaint about ccea maths as well . 
  chemistry on ccea is also unique for the board in the sense that it has multiple choice at the start of the exam . 
  i see this somewhat as good and bad . 
  good thing is , two easy marks for good questions and of course the opposite , two measly marks for a difficult question . 
  i dislike this because it 's not proportional to the difficulty of the question ( then again , are they ever really proportional at a-level ? ) . 
  scaling is a large factor too , apparently . 
  ccea chemistry scaling has been described to me as a system where `` the rich get richer and the poor get poorer '' . 
  they really are atrocious for this , i do n't know how scaling works on a mathematical level , but people drop down grades because of the scaling ( say from 50 % to 40 % , while some people go from 80 % to 90 % ) . 
  i admit they ca n't let everyone have all the high grades because of grade inflation although i do n't know enough to really critique how the system works . 
  and just in a little addition to scaling , on an english board , students compete against english students so there 's a much larger pool of students to compete with . 
  however , the results may work out the same in the end . 
  the new specification is a pain . 
  the first two exams for each module are pretty much the same , roughly the same format , topics and difficulty . 
  then when they reach the third or fourth exam they just flip that around . 
  of course , this should n't really matter , because after all everyone should be learning a specification and not an exam . 
  but for those who learn through practice , it is a bit of a spanner in the works . 
  as for the ccea specification , if i recall correctly e-z isomerism was introduced pretty quietly ( or not at all ) and it appeared on a paper . 
  our school did n't have comprehensive notes on polyunsaturated fats in the diet . 
  so when linoleic and linolic acid appeared , a lot of us were oblivious to the fact that they were the essential omega 3 & 6 fatty acids . 
  in the end i say all this , and i 've never taken a series of english board chemistry exams , so for all i know it could be very similar . 
  but to be honest , being told to draw archadionic acid on the exam was some kind of joke . 
  methody in belfast use ocr for chemistry but because of ccea i 'm not sure . 
  ccea may also be cheaper for schools in northern ireland ( i 'm basing this off the cost of resits and remarks in comparison for that of ocr/aqa/edexcel ) . 
  a few schools usually do complain to ccea over the chemistry a-level exams . 
  if five snipers is becoming a painful problem i usually just jump in front of their scopes to stop them taking a shot . 
  does this work ? 
  from what i interpret , the v ( t ) expression here only works if acceleration is assumed to be constant . 
  obtaining an expression for velocity here would require the use of a = v * ( dv/dx ) . 
  i figure from then on one could obtain the square root of the resulting v ^ 2 equation and then obtain the displacement with respect to time with v = dx/dt . 
  i 'm quite new to this so i 'm not sure if i 've reasoned it out wrong but that 's what i think may be the alternative approach using velocity . 
  * i do n't know even if this would work seeing as it 's similar to finding the velocity from the equation, 
  that 's not what the post is arguing , although i agree that it 's probably just for the format on which the alpha was purchased on . 
  i 'm sure there 's more of a reason as to why it 's not available for alpha purchasers . 
  20th april, 
  the grade boundaries for the edexcel a2 papers were really high . 
  i think it was in the ballpark of 65/75 for 80 %, 
  maybe prior to upper school in the uk , i hardly remember the maths course pre-a-level so i ca n't clarify on that specifically but polynominal long division is a core aspect to the a-level maths syllabus . 
  this idea reminds me a little of spacebuild in garry 's mod . 
  i imagine would be fun but i 'm sure people would disagree . 
  would n't mind building a remote moon base though . 
  if i recall correctly , the episode also ends with walt lying in the same position in the operating theatre . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's been a while , i thought it was clever how they managed to use even such a simple position for dramatic effect . 
  christ 's for phys natsci here, 
  thanks !, 
  how 'd you find your first year there ? 
  [ hit it , kim !, 
  [ what 're you doing up there , mr. 
  [ he 's the only one who can save us now . 
  [ get offa my land !, 
  i suck with content aware fill and the like .
