  we are leaving your empire ... and while i was always on the fence ... i 'm so glad we are leaving now having seen my fellow euros on here wish nothing but the worst for us . 
  why would i want to be in a union with these people ? 
  the best countries will be . 
  most people were shown to be ignorant on facts by whom ? 
  ... well it was for most people ... thats why we are leaving . 
  most of which the uk had before joining the eu . 
  brexit is opening their own store ? 
  what they selling ? 
  bottled eu tears ? 
  they lied continually . 
  they kept claiming they would get migration down ... when asked how they would make up fantasy scenarios about how they could achieve it ... with an open border . 
  they knew they were lying through their teeth . 
  both sides told lies . 
  papers from both sides did the same ... are you telling me the guardian was n't peddling leftie lies ? 
  what lies ? 
  and some papers were pro eu ... like the guardian , so what 's your point ? 
  what about the lies the eu has told ? 
  what have they said and claimed ? 
  when did i say their were no allied forces during the battle of britain ? 
  why ca n't you have one without the other ? 
  because of some rules on paper ? 
  even if they make the eu suffer ? 
  no it 'd not , mandarin is . 
  my ww2 historical knowledge is top notch actually . 
  so when the southern states of the eu wanted to close their borders ... you stopped them . 
  saved her ? 
  like we did europe against the germans ... i saw people killing themselves in greece the other year because of the eu . 
  do n't play dumb, 
  immigration was the cause of the referendum , that 's a fact . 
  if david cameron had been given a single morsel from the eu pre-referendumn it would have all been forgotten about by now . 
  instead we find ourselves here , the break up . 
  you said we would trade with a poor market ... what poor market ? 
  the rest of the world is n't poor . 
  not really ... your shit comparison had the woman with nothing to offer ... that ca n't be said of the uk ... who currently give 10 billion a year to the eu . 
  they do cooperate on a lot of things from green energy to secret service etc. 
  they simply want controls on immigration . 
  but that 's not going to happen . 
  letting them off the hook for what ? 
  leaving something they did n't find great ? 
  what makes you think it wo n't ? 
  because euro politicians lining their pockets say so ? 
  we can make deals with who we want now . 
  you stay in the shrinking euro all you like ... i notice you did n't address that issue ... the fact that the eu is shrinking while other markets are expanding . 
  we could have stood together if you had given david cameron something , anything . 
  but you did n't ... as you didnt believe we would vote to leave ... and now it has backfired . 
  believe it or not their is a big wide world outside europe , you keep listening to your politicians who are lining their pockets while telling you remaining in a shrinking eu with less growth than asia , north or south america etc is the best option . 
  you see , you know what im saying is true . 
  which is why all ypu can reply with is some half-baked comment with nothing to back it up . 
  silly german . 
  funny you should mention empire when you are part of the german one . 
  what she is saying is we are leaving , end of story . 
  but if you want to give us access to the single market so it does n't hurt the eu as well as the uk the that 's up to you . 
  it would be the sensible thing to do ... but their is a lot of uk and `` they must be punished '' going around so who knows . 
  if the eu was so great , why would they need to.destroy the uk in negotiations , surely people would stay because it was great ? 
  your ideology reeks of `` the eu is pretty shit , but we do n't know what else their is '', 
  haha you 're in denial . 
  last summer when a dozen southern eu nations begged merkel to not open the border to refugees ( and later close it ) , what happened ? 
  merkel told you to do as she said . 
  so yes ... you do listen to merkel , it 's a german empire under the disguise of being a european union . 
  little countries like many of the eu do n't mind being part of the german union , it makes them feel powerful ... they feel as if they have a voice on the world stage , they just do n't say what everyone knows is true ... they are german vessel states ... part of the german 4th reich . 
  when germany says jump ... the other nations say how high . 
  or stay under germany 's empire and have merkel.dictate to you ... no thanks . 
  the trump hate is boring . 
  merkel opened up germany to extremism ... i would say that was worse . 
  `` may '', 
  when you see the comments i here you can.see why some remainers are now happy we are leaving . 
  so called `` friends '' hoping the worst for us rather than wishing us well , why the fuck would you want to be in a union with these horrible people . 
  so insignificant your using their language and the english invented world wide web . 
  the eu tried their best to make britain stay in it did n't they . 
  opposite actually , global britain ... not ... do only as the eu allow britain . 
  wales is part of britain ... do you mean england and wales . 
  why would trump fuck us over ... he 's british american . 
  how can someone hav3 nostalgia about something they were n't alive for ? 
  i never hear people say italians have empire nostalgia , or the dutch . 
  this is just another leftie statement . . like little england . 
  open . 
  they ca n't hold a referendum without the uks say so . 
  at least you admit that the eu is nothing but a german vessel.and the real leader is merkel . 
  no more eu money for ... you mean british money as we are net contributors to the tune of 10 billion a year . 
  giving the eu british money then getting less back as `` eu money '' ... does n't really se3m like the great deal you make it out to.be . 
  why not ... that coin with the hole in was epic . 
  like a polo, 
  portugal ... always our greatest ally . 
  will that fill the 10 billion black hole ? 
  what happens when we go tit for tat and do the same ? 
  yes ... as scotland has no more right to declare a referendum than wales , london city or any other part of the uk . 
  they had the last one as the uk decided as a whole to allow it . 
  what 's france got to.do with anything ? 
  they are not your eu overlords ... germany are . 
  they ca n't bail . 
  they ca n't have a referendum without the uks say so . 
  they ca n't just call one , thru do n't have the power to . 
  nobody said we would . 
  but considering may has said all payments to the eu will stop , and we are 3rd largest contributors ... i believe deals will be made , rather than see tax increases placed across europe . 
  uncertainty ... goes down . 
  with certainty ... goes up . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  a couple of trade deals and you 'll see the pound fly up while europe looks on with tears in its eyes . 
  pound has gone up through the day . 
  not down .
