  you are also 25 % larger ... and with germans all over the continent . 
  ever though that ex colonies mean nothing to us seeing as none of us were alive for that time ? 
  how does every european nation feel.as a vassal state of germany ? 
  did n't over a third vote out ? 
  do we ? 
  what 's our choice ? 
  french becoming german vassel state ... 
  but she does n't use any slogan according to that article . 
  it 's another anti brexit piece . 
  nothing more, 
  where is the quote of her refusing to rule it out ? 
  nope . 
  she was born here, 
  you act as if i am being ridiculous . 
  we did n't sign up for brussels to make our laws and eradicate british laws which has happened ... through various treaties . 
  now i know you may think i 'm being stupid calling it a german empire ... but what else do you want it to be called . 
  everyone knows that 's what it is . . nobodys willing to say it out loud though . 
  what germany wants germany gets . 
  did we sign up for a german empire and the eradication of our laws ? 
  why would we want to be merkels dog when we can be the more powerful and rich , trumps dog . 
  we never had a referendum on joining the 4th reich ... we had one on leaving though . 
  rather be trumps dog than merkels, 
  if you were a real country rather than a berlin pawn you could . 
  unfortunately you are just an eu ` state ' with no power since you gave it all to your merkel overlord . 
  better than berlin via brussels, 
  that 's the british flag . 
  unless your saying that 's the norn ireland flag ... which it isnt, 
  jokes on you ... uk does n't have a flag . 
  not for long . 
  he did n't call the french nazis ... but if you want to.go down that road you couldn bring up the french vichy . 
  the uk has no hatred to mainland europe . 
  it just does n't want to be ran by berlin ... via brussels, 
  if people think that is an issue why should n't they campaign on it ? 
  no chance . 
  if anything it will be more towards leave . 
  the remainers doomsday predictions never happened on june 24th and if anything those who were on the fence like myself ... will now be fully out as i 've seen the hate the rest of europe has towards us . 
  coming from a german that 's hilarious . 
  if you need to destroy the uk to stop others leaving then you have to ask yourself ... why are we in the eu at all ? 
  surely you should be able to give the uk a great deal and still say `` yeah but they are not part of this glorious union '' ... but you ca n't ... because the eu is shit , and you know it . 
  the uk doesnt elect people , it elects parties . 
  the fact that your tourism is down shoes many agree with me . 
  go to hamburg ... there is a huge statue of a guy with a sword . 
  you know where i mean ? 
  the bridge next to that ... dozens of them . 
  + your capital city is shit and full of homeless people . 
  most overrated city in the world . 
  greatest part of france is the spanish border . 
  would n't live there anymore anyway ... too dangerous . 
  you 're french ... you are the arseholes and laughing stock of the world ... and yes ... i lived there for a year ... castellane ... what a dive . 
  it is powerless , it 's no longer a real country . 
  patriots hahaha . 
  they probably take the piss out of their own national team in the pub with the english lads . 
  ... and now you claim them as irish . 
  if i have a guinness for.lunch i qualify for the ireland team . 
  how does it feel being an england f team ... taking on all our rejects ? 
  germany did n't get what it wanted ? 
  their wernt streams of refugees making their way across europe ? 
  have you been to germany in the past 12 months ? 
  i have ... refugees living under bridges in hamburg and dortmund . 
  it 's already a german dictatorship . 
  look at the refugee crisis . 
  not for bankers it isnt , its a boring city that nobody wants to love in . 
  there is another thread knocking about with a london based goldman sachs banker saying how he and all his colleagues would never move to frankfurt as its shit . 
  paris a possibility , but their are tax issues there . 
  so as he is inside i assume he knows what the general feeling is ... and that is frankfurt is a no go . 
  well the world wide web is british so ... 
  decent music , movies and books ? 
  i mean outside of cars ... what does germany make ? 
  i cant think of anything german made inside my house . 
  guess what , sovereign nations can make their own laws . 
  how is it any different to having security staff checking passports at airports anyway , its the same thing . 
  when i got the ferry to france in 2011 i needed my passport out . 
  well i blew you out of the water with facts , so ... you know ... 
  the eu cant just kick us out , we could even turn around and say we are staying , that would cause even more issues . 
  yes , and ? 
  that is the agreement we are hoping to come to . 
  that your best rebuttle ? 
  funny coming from a fucking irish man ... clinton morrison , tony cascarino , andy townsend , phil babb . 
  this is an ongoing joke ... i know it was at one time funny . 
  however someone did a study of this using newspapers/news to se if this was true ... and the results showed it was complete bollox . 
  did n't we have to bail you out a few years ago ? 
  peasants . 
  does n't mean a lot does it ... the usa is the richest country on earth and is n't in the top 10 for life expectancy . 
  brexit does n't mean a border at all . 
  neither side even wants a border . 
  the border remains open but the uk puts immigration staff at airports and ferry crossings going from ireland/ni to the uk . 
  it 's not.difficult . 
  and this is why europe is a failure . 
  you can never get shit done . 
  the problem is you ca n't kick us out . 
  so it 's ok to keep claiming that the uk dreams of a return to empire days ... but say it about germany and you lose your shit . 
  i didnt say globalisation was bad , i said the eu 's imperial fantasies are . 
  a leopard never changes its spots ... and when you have germany as your commander ... 
  global trading . 
  opening up to the world rather than being stuck ing in a shrinking euro zone, 
  when did i say the uk would be a superpower ? 
  it 's impossible ... you would need a population of 300 million at least in today 's world . 
  i ca n't do links on my phone ... just type in `` uk must be punished '' going to news ... and you 'll see dozens of eu ministers , leaders etc saying it ... including hollande back in october . 
  boo and may are a problem ... but eu leaders saying we must be punished are not ? 
  yes ... because the end goal is federalisation and a ` one nation ' to try and join the chinese v usa battle .
