  idiot . 
  well thats a load of shit . 
  wont happen ... seeing as the latest polls show.most scots choose uk over eu . 
  yeah germany has no special treatment at all . 
  keep believing the eu propoganda, 
  wont fall apart over the money . 
  will fall apart when people see they dont need to take brussells ... sorry , berlins bullshit to be successful . 
  strings attached ? 
  we were third largest net contributors ... enjoy making that money up with tax increases or cuts to services . 
  the fact that this has got nasty right away shows just how butt-hurt eu fans are over us leaving . 
  the fact that we need punishing also shows that those in the eu know that the eu isnt all that , and that they have to put off any other nation leaving as it will all start to crumble . 
  if the eu was so great they wouldnt care about the success of the british or anyone else leaving . 
  yeah but the sad eu just lost their 3rd largest contributor and now the eu is poorer than ever . 
  but we are net contributors ... so why should we pay out in the divorce . 
  if anything ... we should get money back ... plus a percentage of everything we funded . 
  if the eu was as great as its fans claim it is they shouldnt have to give a shit about the success of brexit , people should want to remain because of the success of the eu itself . 
  the fact that the eu is so scared tells you it called fall apart if actions arnt taken . 
  the eu is fantasising if they think they are getting 100 billion . 
  so basically the eu is so scared of other nations leaving they almost want to make it impossible . 
  surely if the eu was all its cracked up to be people wouldnt want to leave . 
  sounds like shit to me ... the last times didnt work out so well, 
  says the german 4th reich supporter . 
  tomorrow half the nation is in the uk . 
  ... i joke . 
  i joke . 
  germany ... always the ones looking out for themselves . 
  uk blocked only 2 % of all laws and ideas brought forward by the eu , 2 % . 
  official eu voting records * show that the british government has voted ` no ' to laws passed at eu level on 56 occasions , abstained 70 times , and voted ` yes ' 2,466 times since 1999 . 
  in other words , uk ministers were on the `` winning side '' 95 % of the time , abstained 3 % of the time , and were on the losing side 2 % . 
  but please , continue with your anti-uk propaganda . 
  the eu wont match anything when its nothing but a satellite state of the usa , the eu cant even defend itself . 
  well it is a fact , if not who is ? 
  go on ... tell me everyone from malta to france , andorra to germany are all '' equal '' . 
  so youre saying ireland mourns the loss of hitler ? 
  how am i adding fuel to the fire by pointing out facts ? 
  ... to hitler . 
  no other nations did it . 
  are you saying ireland was sorry for the loss of hitler ? 
  right wing ? 
  and yet britain has the 3rd most michelin stars in europe ... and we arnt a broke ass nation like italy . 
  seria a basically mimics italy in the world stage , a decling nation no one gives a shit about anymore . 
  the same ireland that had a visit of condolence for hitler when he died ? 
  such as ? 
  when germany starts closing those loopholes that allow companies to operate in ireland paying baiscally no tax you 'll soon wish you had `` muh soverignty '', 
  how is any if that even comparable . 
  bame one issue in liverpool that effects them differently to southampton, 
  except thats 200 miles difference and the same country ... not 1000 miles or more like greece to england for.instance with a completely different set of circumstances . 
  blairs fault we voted to leave anyway . 
  if he hadnt allowed hundreds of thousands of eastern euorpeans to come literally overnight and change the landscape of many towns and cities back in 2004 , i highly doubt that immigration would have been an issue . 
  domt read newspapers , all scum with an agenda . 
  how is it not even remotely true ? 
  ireland is basically a german state under the guise of ` eu ' as the former isnt quite as easy to live with for most eu nations . 
  i mean i know ireland doesnt mind ... i mean ireland was even a friend of the nazi 3rd reich according to your pm at the time ... let alone this 4th version . 
  no regulations dont effect single countries ... but they effect some far more than others . 
  im saying they are the eu , the rest of you are just satalitte states like south korea to the usa . 
  nothing edgy about it . 
  everyonr knows germany are thr boss of the eu empire , thry just dont say it ... and pretend everyone is equal . 
  how is it democratic when people in sweden can vote on something that doesnt effect them in poland ... even if the polish vote 100 % in a different direction . 
  germany needs to move on from empire ... this is their 4th attempt . 
  why does soverignty derserve mocking , do you not believe in democracy ? 
  of course you dont ... youre an europhile . 
  according to who ? 
  being rid.off those cash drains would be great for the economy . 
  why do bitter eu fanatics always say `` muh soverignty '' like its a bad thing or it doesnt matter ? 
  when germany was steam rolling europe and begging the uk to save them just 70 years ago they sure cares about soverignty . 
  basiscally the german 4th reich . 
  my sex is on fire ? 
  issued by whom ? 
  so the draft guidelines were '' the most ridiculous one-sided stance with a negotiation starting point so unrealistic that it makes north korea look rational '' ... that it took less time than an episode of friends to agree with everything that was originally drafted ? 
  barely even enough time for one objection , which tells me this is going to be so unrealistic that we will be heading for the wto sooner than 2 years . 
  the fact that this took 15 minutes tells you that its going to be the most ridiculous one-sided stance with a negotiation starting point so unrealistic that it makes north korea look rational . 
  religious parents ? 
  we 're not irish mate . 
  you cant see the woods for the trees . 
  its ok we will come and save your arses from germany again when they go full 4th reich on you . 
  why should we ? 
  ... which they are . 
  how is that a nazi joke ? 
  two of the previous three reichs have not been nazis . 
  than an eu led by the 4th reich ? 
  yes , lots . 
  when did merkel become leader of the eu ? 
  or because we thought it was in our best interest as the only nation in europe that actually gets shit done . 
  we pulled out of afghanistan aginst their wishes as they wanted us to stay so they didnt have to fill the void . 
  the ` we do as they say ' simply isnt true . 
  apart from when we say no ... like syria ... and vietnam, 
  nope, 
  `` hello mate , got any spare rooms for tonight ? '', 
  hshhdjeke skkejjdje gagayya ahggffa jxuhhshjjs sorry mate , do n't speak welsh . 
  sjjsuuue iugshhjs lshgggggff skshhhshh is that a yes or no ? 
  not a professional ... wouldnt need a job if i was . 
  i do n't drink . 
  doesnt help my ultra-marathon training mate . 
  christmas and new years only for me . 
  yeah ... refusing to speak english makes me the arsehole . 
  whats that then ? 
  irland are happy veing controlled by germany , we are not . 
  i mean the itish couldnt wait 2 minutes before they started mourning the loss of hitler , hardly on the right side of.history . 
  no ... i experienced the welsh hospitality 2 weeks ago at snowdon/zipworld , a nations of backwards folks . 
  wales is a racist backwards hell hole ... anyone whos been to the north of wales knows that .
