  is scotland not part of britain ? 
  another great british invention . 
  not really . 
  completely different set of circumstances . 
  uk shpuld start calling for the return of argentianan land to the seven tribes . 
  we will never give up rockall . 
  you backstabbing euros !, 
  this is why we are leaving !, 
  who needs enemies when you have the europeans . 
  on a serious note though the chagos islanders got royally fucked and they should be given their land back . 
  i know its well placed and the reason it was wanted to begin with ... but its hardly essential . 
  somebodys got to save the world from baddies ... and we all know the eu isnt going to.do it ... wont even hit their 2 % nato target spend . 
  but they 've just bought them ... when london prices have jumped 2.1 % over the past few months . 
  having previously dropped in the months before . 
  i thinking overall prices are down like 0.6 % since the vote ... hardly massive savings . 
  it will never happen , and if it does it will fall apart spectacularly . 
  i mean who is the top dog ? 
  is command changed yearly , voted on or is it a permanent french/german position . 
  who funds what ? 
  i mean most eu nations dont even meet the 2 % nato spend . 
  what makes you think some poor nations want to fund it ? 
  this would be great ... if europe was a federal state ... but its not , it cant even get the whole continent to use the same currency . 
  ... from a nation that eats frogs, 
  you know fuck all about cakes if you dont know lemon drizzle , victoria sponge , eccles cakes , bakewell tart , battenberg etc, 
  it means defeat . 
  we defeated the eu empire . 
  its the other way round to a victory sign . 
  most people who voted brexit wanted immigration controls , a soft brexit means no immigration controls ... in which case it may as well not happen . 
  its hard ( limit immigration ) brexit or no brexit . 
  eta dignified to ? 
  boris was nowhere to be seen during the election campaign , he had been put back in his box . 
  sea, 
  if you have a cake ... why wouldnt you eat it ? 
  god punished us when he put germany so close . 
  maths *, 
  why do people hate the will of the people . 
  if they want independence then let them . 
  mate , its london . 
  that pint cost him 6 quid , half a pint left there . 
  you dont go throwing away 3 quids worth just because some nutjob is running around with a 12 inch blade . 
  uk is still part of the eu ... fuck all has changed . 
  this will be another case of multicultural experiment gone wrong . 
  china make more solar panels than anywhere else on eartb . 
  of course this benefits them . 
  climate deal, 
  you forgot miserable , arrogant and ignorant . 
  as someone who has spent a lot of time in france , holidays and work ( worked in castellane and south coast area a few years back ) i would say only two of these three stereotypes are true . 
  cheers gordon brown, 
  terrorism is a serious business, 
  what annoys me most about euroepans is how american they are . 
  i mean the teeth and food sterortypes are american ones from ww2 . 
  we have the best teeth in europe according to the oecd , 3rd most michelin stars in europe . 
  but thats euros for you ... always following in americn footsteps . 
  get your own up to date jokes ... your jokes are like most of europe ... still living in the 15th century . 
  yes all that drunk singing is far worse than bombs . 
  because its still a member and had a veto . 
  either, 
  not going to happen . 
  why shouldnt they when the eu is bullying the uk ? 
  they are the most read that is why . 
  look at this sub , how many british papers get linked to compared to france or germany , they are in english which means they face far more exposure than non-english written papers . 
  i can only name one german paper , zero french papers , cant even name an irish one . 
  allan carr 's easyway - you 're welcome, 
  52 % of the voters were for leave ... do you blame all them as well ? 
  ... but nothing to do with farage and brexit, 
  but jo cox being shot had nothing to do with him winning ... so a bullet wasnt fires . 
  jo cox was killed by some nuthouse prick ... nothing to do.with farage or brexit . 
  i love how its always germany ... all the eu lovers will claim `` we are all equal '' yet we know deep down exactly what this is ... the 4th german empire, 
  being held to ransom by the butt hurt eu, 
  the 4th reich is just beginning . 
  looks like a movie poster for a star wars spin-off ... merkel the evil overlord . 
  the butt hurt in this thread because the scottish are not as pro-eu as you all seemed to think ( i mean polls showed this anyway , they wanted to stay as britain in the eu , not as scotland alone ) is laughable . 
  all these snowflakes crying that the eu isnt the vision many europeans wish for . 
  uk blocked only 2 % of all laws brought forward in the past 12 years . 
  south of the wall ? 
  the wall is very much inside england these days , has been for centuries . 
  i mean you cant be independent and in the eu . 
  youre literally moving power from london to brussells , nothing more . 
  you cant be both . 
  lonely ? 
  why shouldnt it be brought up , it was the grandparents of todays german youth . 
  not british . 
  4th reich is well underway, 
  well thats possibly the dumbest shit ive read on reddit this month . 
  nortons practically an englisman . 
  mainlanders not war mongers ? 
  wernt the nazis from the heart of the current eu ? 
  so the us taxpayers should pay for eu defence ? 
  what dangers did we bring first time ? 
  i mean apart from being the second largest net contributors and all ... 
  yeah because im the only one whos not going to buy german again . 
  you cant deny german cars will take a huge hit . 
  i have an audi q3 ... was getting a q5 in august ... now cancelled it and im going japanese ( pathfinder ) . 
  my only reason for changing has been because of the anti-uk rhetoric coming out of the eu . 
  500 downvotes incoming, 
  its the germany/france show . 
  nobody else matters, 
  wont be long before ireland starts taking the shit the uk used to take for `` stopping progress '', 
  with ever closer union comes federalisation ... with federalisation comes tax harmonisation . 
  ireland is fucked as yhe tax haven it is .
