  the boss of barclays has just been on sky news and said this isnt true . 
  believes london will be finance capital of europe even after brexit . 
  thats right . 
  you gave your soverignty to the eu and now have the worlds most boring notes . 
  ah yes , blame the uk 100 + years ago for being broke as fuck this decade and begging like paupers for pennies . 
  maybe if we didnt have to bail ireland out we could fund our education system . 
  then why are euros so joyous when things are going bad ... and play anything down that is good regarding brexit . 
  if you were happy , why would you give a shit either way , every brexit tread makes the first page !, 
  yes ... registered , not moved . 
  you dont seem to understand what it means do you . 
  i can register a company , stick a po box address on it , and keep it in a different place/country . 
  its not like 100,000 companies have actually moved . 
  no it hasnt . 
  and 100,000 companies havent left the uk . 
  they have simply registered in ireland with a po box address to get around the eu issue . 
  im sure the eu will try and clamp down on it soon ... as they will ireland , a nation who doesnt tax big corporations like google . 
  a sign on a door isnt relocating a business . 
  its like a po box address . 
  zzzz . 
  boring butt hurt euros still crying that we are leaving your shit german club . 
  uk should have disappeared in 2019 . 
  guess i did, 
  did i stutter ? 
  no , stopping mass immigration and putting an immigration system in place was , not kicking out eu workers already living here . 
  lucky we arnt kicking eu workers out then . 
  as long as we get our percentage of everything we have ever paid for i dont mind . 
  agreed to pay into when we were part of the eu . 
  which we will be leaving . 
  i suggest youngo and read up on thr conflict . 
  the eu were a flaccid penis unable to do anything . 
  basically had to get the us/nato to come and save the day . 
  no the eu has nothing to do with nato ... but they still had to call on it to sort out the kosovo conflict on their own turf . 
  if you cant fix something in your own continent and you need nato to do it , then you should probably spend the minimum 2 %, 
  merkel didnt respect the people of southern europe when she forced the migrant floodgates open ... rightly or wrongly . 
  not long before the 4th reich takes shape . 
  yeah good luck with military cohesion . 
  well russia for starters . 
  how did rhe eu fix the kosovo conflict in the 90s ? 
  oh that 's right they didnt ... the eu had to call on nato and the usa as they couldnt do fuck all . 
  like a flacid penis ... and this is on europes own turf . 
  yeah ... yell us again how amazing theneu military is . . france and ... oh yeah . 
  wont even make your 2 % nato target . 
  last time i checked nato.is what kept europe safe . 
  why are we pulling our weight while the rest of europe isnt . 
  what does germany pay for when it comes to military ... it doesnt even reach its 2 percent minimum nato spend, 
  meagre ... arnt we like the 3rd largest contributors ? 
  ... wales is part of britain ... a net contributor . 
  haha . 
  what did the eu pay for in britain ? 
  we are net contributors . 
  the eu paid for rhings in the uk ... with our money . 
  im happybto pay the bill , as long ss we get bqck everything we have paid for . 
  our share of eu buildings , eu projects etc. 
  all the stuff we paid for . 
  as long as we take our percentage of everything the eu owns i am happy to pay the bill . 
  eu buildings etc are all owed to us in part . 
  whys that ? 
  is it not true ? 
  opening yourself up to the world isnt isolationist , thats a myth the eu keeps repeating . 
  it may be growing , but isnt not growing as fast as other nations or areas and right now is shrinking every year in terms of world gdp share . 
  tell me again how being stuck.in a shrinking eu marketbis the best plan for the future of any european country . 
  heres a simple question . 
  what would happen to the eu if germany also decided to leave like the uk ? 
  how long do you think the eu would last ? 
  larger states have more votes than smaller ones in some areas , smaller states have disproportional representation compared to their population . 
  ... so not equal . 
  what was wrong about what i said ? 
  are you telling me portugal and estonia are on equal standing to germany within the eu ? 
  the fact that pro-eu folks cant see the problems within the eu without getting all defrnsive shows why its going to fail . 
  no we are not . 
  we are leaving the german ran european wide empire . 
  wanting to open up to the world and not be stuck with a shrinking eu economy is wanting the world to burn ? 
  most stylish buses on earth . 
  ... you do everything germany tells you . 
  nobody acts like it was unanimous ... but there can only be one winner ... and it was leave . 
  the eu is to rigid in its ways to allow for reform and so the mexican stand off has to end ... with the uk leaving . 
  kick them for what ? 
  using their vero power which they have ? 
  yes the majority ... but the way people go on you would think it was 90 % or more voting to stay ... when in fact more than 1 in 3 voted to leave . 
  why ... 38 % of scots wanted to leave . 
  and they could continue to veto ... everything . 
  every single thing . 
  be funnier to stay and do that . 
  or it can use its veto on everything . 
  what about wales ... they voted to leave as well . 
  i disagree , i believe that mass influx in 2004 which saw estates and areas change literally overnight , was the beginning of the end for uk in the eu . 
  people felt as if they had been invaded , and whats worse is our government allowes it to happen ... its never going to effect them rich guys , which is why they dont seem to think it changed anything , when it most definitely did . 
  no , just put a third whooping on you . 
  i hear `` the 4th reich '' is a favoured name . 
  except google ... who only get charged 3 % ... and im sure their are many others . 
  eddie izzard is probably pwrsonally responsible for swathes of leave votes after the prick he made of himself time and time again in the run up to the referendum . 
  . . he was born in india actually , so british , not an englishman . 
  why not ? 
  trump is half-british . 
  basically one of us . 
  no this makes you more dangerous , swollowing up nations so they become reliant on you like you have done with the eu . 
  what merkel wants merkel gets . 
  better than kissing merkels like the rest of europe, 
  and welsh ... and 38 % of scotland, 
  trumps half british .
