  now you may say they are foreign owned ... which is true . 
  but they are still british made ... i mean man utd are foriegn owned ... doesnt make them an american team , or chelsea a russian team , etc etc, 
  youre happy as you are not affected in finland . 
  tell us again how many immigrants you take each year . 
  even though it affects some nations far more than others ? 
  how is it fair on those countries when they huge amounts of immigration . 
  and this is why the eu is doomed to fail , it tries to be a ` one size fits all ' ... but as we have seen in ireland , greece , spain and italy ... it doesnt work . 
  one boot wont fit every size foot . 
  the lack of flexibility is what will cause the break up ... already has with the uk leaving . 
  opening ourselves upto the world rather than being stuck inside a shrinking global market that we are doing less and less trade with overall would be dark . 
  murdoch will be lucky to still be alive by the time brexit happenes . 
  hes about 90 aint he ? 
  but the bus didnt promise # 350 million to the nhs ... it said ` lets fund the nhs instead ' . 
  i dont understand why people keep saying the bus said lets give the nhs 350 million per week . 
  you mean 48 % . 
  ive said many times i would be happy to stay , if some changes were made ... but the eu is a dinosaur filled with rich guys making bank who dont want to lose their cash cow, 
  it 's the euros who are full of hate , so bitter that people decided to leave their club that they wish the worst for people just wanting to get on with their lives , as you have above . 
  you sound like a really nice person , who needs enemies when they have friends like you ? 
  they never promised that . 
  quite ironic when it was the eu 's failure to compromise on immigration which meant the referndum happened in the first place . 
  well ots not like france makes a single good car is it . 
  the cess pit of cheap cars . 
  and this twatish euro attitude is why so many remainers are now happy we are leaving . 
  no the guardian just chooses to fear-monger . 
  yes . 
  not because i dont like it ... because it holds no more substance than daily fail articles . 
  and what about the negatives you conveniantly forgot ? 
  not really . 
  we could do just as much damage . 
  turn into a tax haven . 
  cautious ? 
  the guardian only ever posts worst case scenario articles . 
  hiw is the guardian anything but pro-eu propaganda ? 
  what stat shows leaving is stupid ? 
  how is the eu a success ... germany gets rich while med countries have massive unemployment and poverty ... requiring bailouts . 
  is this success ? 
  why dont you explain why these ` could ' articles should be allowed . 
  i ` could ' have a threesome with rita ora and michelle keegan this afternoon ... that is a no less true statement than what the guardian is putting out on a daily basis . 
  no , because it spouts as much bollox as the daily mail , just the other end of the spectrum . 
  non stop ` could ' articles . 
  x could leave , x could stop us getting something , x could go up in price . 
  now read the daily mail x could come , x could stop us . 
  could could could . 
  both as bad as each other . 
  both fear-mongering , just different views . 
  europe failed when the uk voted leave . 
  if the eu isnt worth staying in , and you have to punish those who leave to stop others leaving , thrn you cant really say the eu is a success can you ? 
  we all know the french are cocks . 
  french people always have a very hard accent when speaking english , unlike the dutch or belgians who speak it so well its often hard to tell if they are english or not . 
  can we not ban guardian brexit articles from this sub ? 
  its nothing but bollox . 
  i meant the euro . 
  how the fuck can england be called boring . 
  most boring money on earth, 
  weather sucks ... coming from a german , really ? 
  should be an english flag not british flag . 
  x million eastern euros live in england . 
  hasnt stopped people saying england is xenophobic . 
  labour has been run by scots recently . 
  if you vote to leave ... will remainers get to vote over and over again to rejoin ? 
  which statement . 
  mate . . ive been abused in edinburgh on new years eve . 
  ive also heard other people being abused for being english . 
  lets stop pretending anti-english isnt a thing up there . 
  yes they do . 
  i live about 10 miles south of the border for a good few months of the year ... i cross regularly ... i mean my local ( large ) spermarket is in scotland ... i hear anti-english sentiment from scots all the time . 
  and again, 
  and again, 
  and again, 
  deomonise foreigners in the same way the scots demonise the english ? 
  romanians : they have bad image as pickpocketers . 
  there has been a documentary or two on oickpocketers in thr uk ... always seem to be romanians . 
  polish ... come and work hard ... but came in too many numbers . 
  people saw their estates change overnight . 
  they also take the low paid jobs ... so if people are out of work ... they are easy to blame as they could have had a job if they wernt filled by polish . 
  why would businesses want to pay more ? 
  you would have to get the government to do this ... which it wont as it will increase prices for products . 
  the little man gets fucked either way and the eastern immigrant has no issue as its better than at home . 
  so the only losers are the british have nots . 
  the demographics show the rich and uni students voted stay . 
  the people it doesnt effect much . 
  those that voted leave were the working poor or those who had huge demographic changes to their area over the past 10 years, 
  thats right ... tesco etc went abroad and recruited people on lower wages to save them money . 
  they then forced down wages of new british applicants for jobs . 
  i witnessed this myself , so lets stop pretending its one of the only two options you gave . 
  island monkeys . 
  probably because of the high immigration rates to the country and the fact that last year it was higher than ever . 
  racist, 
  when i drove round europe camping in my car a few years back i had the same experience when going from czech republic to poland . 
  polish roads were a mess . 
  not all , but the difference was very noticeable . 
  but london isnt hostile to foreigners . 
  other areas of the uk are not hostile to foreigners . 
  just mass immigration . 
  talk about non-issue . 
  people dont have issues getting a visa for canada or the usa . 
  ... but london voted remain . 
  dont tell them that . 
  they will start calling themselves mayflower-americans . 
  think we should go take it back .
