... so the same as the uk then, 
  why would i be bitter ? 
  im celebrating independence day !, 
  can we block up the chunnel to ? 
  ... for now . 
  ... but germany does to the eu what england does to the uk . 
  should have just said `` we out of the 4th reich '' ... mic drop . 
  the supreme leader of the 4th reich derails pm mays plans hey ? 
  the uk blocked 2 % of all laws that were ever put infront of them . 
  why ? 
  she voted remain . 
  shes avting out the will of the people . 
  we dont blame the french , weve never had such a good relationship with france as we do now . 
  we blame the ever encroaching eu that itself doesnt even know what it is . 
  im not really a brexiter , i would happily stay if some thing could be changed but the eu is too rigid , so it will.never happen . 
  its independence day !, 
  lets all have a party !, 
  finally rid of the 4th reich . 
  charles de gaulle was probably the reason we were always so eurosceptic . 
  protests because we invoke article 50 on wednesday ... today . 
  no ... celebrating the end of the 4th reich, 
  we are a german province now . 
  part of the 4th reich ... as is ireland, 
  it was called ww2 . 
  independence day is nigh, 
  its london, 
  independence day celebrwtions tomorrow !, 
  yes . 
  anything to get away from the bitter r/europe posters . 
  how can you not associate tesco , the uk biggest supermarket chain started by a man with a market stall in barnet in the 1930 's as british ? 
  ... what is british to you if man united , tesco and jaguar are not ? 
  so does that mean tesco are foreign ? 
  since they are english owned but have more non-english workers than britons ? 
  man united are not owned by a british guy , are they no longer british ? 
  if i buy the new york knicks does that make them an english baseball team ? 
  huh ... wasnt a labour plant found in their a year ago or so ? 
  the same bbc that often puts 4 lefties up againt 1 centre-right at question time ? 
  ... pretty sure the refugees didnt cost 300 billion . 
  ... pretty sure the refugees didnt cost 300 billion . 
  and in response to that trump should hand her a bill for ww2 . 
  if one side is making shit up ? 
  what about the lies the remainc camp told ? 
  we should have a currency worth nothing by now according to the remainers . 
  i know you 'll probably say you havent triggered article 50 yet ... so in mid april , 2 weeks after art50 is troggered ... we can bring up some remianer quotes . 
  if you cant see thay its a biased anti-brexit mouth piece then you are deluded . 
  ... the guardian, 
  ... but free trade means free movement ... so they are not different questions, 
  as a reluctant leave voter i sometimes wish we could have a second referndum just to see what the results are like this time . 
  i often think i would vote remain next time around ... then i come on r/europe and im soon reminded why i voted leave in the first place . 
  so all those presidents were racist pricks ... or a product of their time ? 
  your grandparents were also likely racist pricks . 
  so why arnt you on here calling all american presidents during the 19th and 20th century up until 1970 racists pricks ? 
  you know ... the guys who segregated black soldiers fighting for the usa . 
  the fact is racism was normal up until the 80s . 
  the same way homophobis was until the late 90s early 00s . 
  today we are seeing transgender normalised . 
  could you imagine a transgender in the 1930s ? 
  time changes , you cant hold people to todays standards . 
  i never said that ? 
  how about the fact the british empire turned some places from backwards tribes into thriving first world nations . 
  i mean take south africa , i know the dutch were thetr too ... but its no coinciden that sa thrives while nations around it struggle . 
  you call him a racist prick ... but you judge him by todays standards . 
  who wasnt racist then ? 
  it was normal , not the exception . 
  my grandmother wouldnt eat foreign food , it was ` foreign muck ' ( she was a nurse during ww2 ) , i would bet every penny that so were yours . 
  the usa military still segregated black and white soldiers during ww2 , they had seperate camps . 
  so lets stop holding up people from 70-100 years ago against todays standards , because it doesnt hold any weight . 
  right place ... right time ... twice . 
  twice in a life time ? 
  no but right place and right time tends tk mean the stars were aligned ... it.cant be right place and right time at both war and peace time . 
  so 6 years after ww2 was the right place and right time as well ? 
  ... becausw it did have positive aspects . 
  the same as the american empire and roman empire ... which both also killed millions of people . 
  ... he was re-elected for a second time in 1951 , 6 years after ww2 . 
  so your statement is pretty much bullshit . 
  you know most people in the jewish camps died of starvation and not gassing right ? 
  when you leave half way through a meal you can still take the food home with you . 
  so no , it isnt . 
  hardly a sound analogy is it . 
  so europe wants to have its cake and eat it ? 
  plenty of eu leaders have said bullying things . 
  the guardian isnt worth the time reading when its about brexit . 
  its the most biased news outlet around . 
  dont read right wing shit like the mail ... or left wing extremist shit like the guardian to be fair . 
  im more central . 
  i forgot.in r/europe you cant say any negative stuff about germany . 
  the 4th reich eu overlords . 
  pariah nation or 4th reich nation ? 
  hmmm, 
  well if the germans , i say germans and not eu because we all know theyb are your overlords , owe us so they can write it off . 
  when we leave we should refuse to pay any money to the eu . 
  none of that 60 billion . 
  we wrote off germanys ww2 debt , they can use that . 
  reich means realm in english . 
  how is this not germanys realm ... they run the entire thing . 
  how is it shite ? 
  never done hair in my life . 
  i just saw a gap in the market in my area and opened one . 
  ... if you want to remain a member of the 4th reich ... 
  no ... eu law says you cant,
