  youre a tax haven ... what happens when macron pushes to end it . 
  wales voted to leave 52.5 %, 
  ireland has an unfair advantage . 
  this is where the eu fucks itself , it becomes every nation for themselves.why should france lose out on money because iteland is a tax haven . 
  again ... could we restrict free movement . ? 
  50 % in 2015would still be hundreds of thousands, 
  so we didnt have to accept free movement of people ? 
  idiot, 
  ... for now, 
  ... now macron will fuck it up . 
  so youre saying the eu isnt worth being part of on merit alone ? 
  you have to make it almost impossible to leave to make people stay ? 
  shows how shit the eu truly is then . 
  ... and youll be getting fuck by macron and the eu when they force you to hike your tax rates and stop acting like an offshore tax haven, 
  no they couldnt . 
  dont lie . 
  how was the uk the biggest factor against reform ? 
  i keep hearing this myth ... yet we only voted against 2 % of all reforms in the past 10 years or more . 
  which is why it will never change . 
  its in limbo all the time . 
  it needs to say we are federalising and do it hard ... or just fucking give up veing something and nothing . 
  i know politicians might not like the result they get when they ask about full federalisation ... but tough shit , in that case it isnt meant to be . 
  why would i be salty . 
  i wanted to remain , it was only when cameron came back with fuck all before the brexit vote that i came to the conclusion that the eu will never change . 
  it will always be a sloth in race with cheetahs . 
  i mean look how weak and pathetic it is as a block , it needs american forces on its borders to deal with russia , its a limp penis at an orgy . 
  an orgy i wanted to be involved in . 
  i dont think any uk leaver gives a shit about france leaving or not . 
  france is so far up germanys arse they cant see daylight . 
  if it reformed i would like another vote on leaving in the uk . 
  even as someone who voted to leave . 
  the reason i voted leave was because of the eu in its current fucked up form and the fact its impossible to change anything and its always at a snails pace . 
  of course it wont . 
  but its not like it was a landslide victory , if you walk past 3 people ... 1 of them voted for le pen . 
  its no small number . 
  if you think over 1/3 of the voters isnt a huge chunk of the popukation then i dont know what is . 
  glad you have a crystal ball . 
  name one single thing . 
  show me some evidence rather than just stating something and nothing . 
  good for europe , good for france ... but more than 1 in 3 voted le pen ... thats not a small minority thats going to dissapear . 
  what have the eu been blamed for falsly ? 
  thats right ... vote for the elite !, 
  until macron starts calling for irish tax rates to fall in line with france and germanys like he had before the election . 
  another bash a brit thread . 
  ww2 was pretty foolery, 
  your comment, 
  so little englander is fine but not little europeans ? 
  the man who represents europe in talks over brexit ... doesnt represnt europeans ? 
  another dumb as shit guardian headline, 
  little europeans making fools of themselves again . 
  yeah because thats the same thing . 
  no , because im not wrong . 
  the enigma in its earliest form was nothing like the enigma at a later date . 
  to say they are ... when it took hundreds of people thousands of hours to crack is just bullshit . 
  ... and the wright brothers invented the boeing 747, 
  you know the enigma machines chnaged right ? 
  the polish had originally cracked it ... before it changed ... and then changed again in 1944 . 
  the uk cracked it twice , poland cracked it before the war broke out . 
  but im sure you know all this . 
  watson-watt was the godfather of radar ... the wright brothers are said to have flown first ... using steam ... we dont use steam to fly now ... do you credit them with the jet airplane ? 
  yes we did ... more than once since it changed again in 44 ... hence the spike in american submarine deaths towards the end of the war . 
  ive got a toddler ... hes never written a book or gave a speech . 
  edgy . 
  6000 speecehes , 22,000 engements , 14 books written , 8 years in the navy ... etc etc. 
  hardly never worked a day in his life . 
  danish bacon to china currently being shipped . 
  why would it bother her what an 88 year old eats ? 
  mrs. ... not wife ... is half portugese half moroccon . 
  why would i ? 
  could i tell you her name is claire and you would have guessed ? 
  i justified it ... and have a non white mrs. ... go figure, 
  always makes me laugh when people , like yourself , hold people of a different era to todays standard . 
  i mean ive got an 88 year old grandma who wont eat foreign food ... if youre brought up in an era when racism is normal ... then what do you expect . 
  10 years ago all this gender fluid bollox didnt exist ... if you dont agree with it today youre classed as sexist/homophobic/intollerant . 
  when did he emigrate ? 
  oh thats right ... he didnt . 
  did he emigrate to brussels when he did work there ? 
  irelands ok though yeah ? 
  of course it didnt only held.of germany on its own while the rest of.europe caved in ( while germany was still allies with the ussr ) , only destroyed the luftwaffwe in the battle of britain , invented radar , destroyed the bismarck , cracked the enigma which allwed us boats across the atlantic later on , whooped rommel all over north africa ... all while every other ( now eu ) nation bent over and.did fuck all . 
  so we should pay whatevver figure the eu decides , even if we are not legally required to before discussing exit terms ? 
  if we arnt legally obliged to pay something , why should we ? 
  why are the eu members so insecure that they need to make leaving so difficult in order to put off any others thinking about leaving ? 
  surely the eu would stay together on merit.if its that great and nobody would want to leave . 
  no , greece was a participant , holland were a participant ... the british saved europe . 
  whether you believe it couldnt be done with the americans or not ... without the british the american front would have never been possible . 
  why shouldnt we be paid back ? 
  the timings of the referndums were controlled by her ? 
  i thought cameron was pm ... and she voted remian anyway . 
  yes she said we wouldnt have an election ... she was forced to call it to cement her place as pm and stop the eu/remainers saying she didnt have a mandate . 
  shes not wrong, 
  what are you talking about . 
  the eu should pay the uk for saving europes arse in ww2 . 
  lot of good that did ... since you joined the 4th reich voluntarily half a century later, 
  were . 
  thats not going to be the case after the next election though is it . 
  and who the fuck are `` labor '' ... do you mean labour ? 
  how was the uk going to get its forces ... which hadnt had the war machine years previous that germany had ... to the west of germany ? 
  ... the same tories who look to gain more seats in scotland at the next election . 
  well thats a bit of a bullshit stat ... i would prefer eu over the green party or ukip ... im still a leaver though . 
  yeah the uk gives nothing but money .
