  reported ... you and i know that mermaid wont stay post brexit . 
  it has 27 eu countries to try out . 
  the euro leaders have proven they are no friends of the uk/usa . 
  fails politically ? 
  he isnt a politician anymore ( apart from mep ) , he left ukip after his mission was completed in june . 
  and german bashing is normal , its called banter . 
  time for the uk , usa and russia to unite again . 
  put these euros back in their box . 
  as long as we take out percentage of everything we have paid into then yes , im happy to pay a cancelling fee . 
  you dont give your phone back do you . 
  you cant have a thread in r/europe regarding britian which isnt made into a brexit debate . 
  fuck off wont exist after brexit ... amirite leftie ? 
  so ` sources ' say they may leave ... but the boss himself says they wont . 
  who.do i believe ? 
  infact it was probably this article he was commenting on ... which he said was false . 
  thats a month old . 
  yesterday ... the head of barclays ... went on tv ... and said they would stay in london ... he also said they already had operations in dublin , paris and amsterdam ... so there is no change there . 
  he then went on to say he believed london would remain finacial capital of europe even after brexit . . so i dont know why you are linking an ancient article ... when it came from the horses mouth ... yesterday, 
  ... i thought the figures yesterday showed a tiny decrease in immigration ? 
  whats the problem ... he was having banter . 
  nope ... the head of barclays went on tv yesterday and said that was a lie . 
  the road wont exist after brexit will it r/europe ... amirite ? 
  no im not wrong . 
  people who keep clilaimung the leave campaign said lets fund the nhs 350m per week are wrong , read the slogan , nowhere is that said . 
  all the slogan does is say we give europe millions ... we could spend it elsewhere ... thats all . 
  thats why they had a referndum ... and chose to stay . 
  personally i hope they go , and i say that with ancestory both sides if the border . 
  listening to them moan and moan is depressing . 
  yes lets fund the nhs instead . 
  not 350 million . 
  thatbcoukd mean lets fund it # 5 quid . 
  i had a baby by ceserean ( well mrs did ) last wednesday ... 6 hour wait for bed , 9 hour wait to get onto labour ward after giving birth . 
  abolsolute joke ... nobody wants to fund the nhs more than i do . 
  but what you say is disingenuous . 
  you talk about lies ... how about the no eu army lie labour and remain told over and over . 
  how is macaroni and cheese american ? 
  we invented it in the 14th century . 
  mozart isnt the most popular ... guiness book.of records shows its the beatles . 
  being popular just one year because all your music gets put in a complete collection and sold means nothing . 
  hes hasnt been most popular in any if the 50 previous years . 
  click your own link to baltistan ... click balti ( food ) ... then tell me what it says . 
  idiot . 
  yes . . lets fund the nhs instead . 
  not `` we will give the nhs 350 million per week '' . 
  you 're the one who seems to have issues comprehending a statement . 
  with sturgeon it 'll be first to 100 . 
  if they lose this one , they 'll thrn want a third one when x law is not what we want . 
  i know . 
  why are so many euros bitter at the uk leaving the eu . 
  i hope they go . 
  bored of hearing them moan ... and i only live 12 miles from the border . 
  ... the balti was invented in birmingham . 
  why is the sandwich hilarious , it was invented by the earl of sandwich ... hence the name . 
  whats wrong with macaroni and cheese ? 
  best selling cd of one year ... vs beatles best selling of all time ? 
  whats your angle here ? 
  the mozart thing wasnt even an album , it was his complete works for sale one go . 
  hardly the same as a single album . 
  yeah thats right . 
  you see all these classic artists selling more albums than anyone . 
  the guiness book of records claims its the beatles by the way ... but im sure you know best . 
  we have great foods , apple pie , fish and chips , balti curry , macaroni and cheese , the sandwich . 
  music ... the best selling band ever is ? 
  the biggest selling artist on the planet today is ? 
  food ? 
  nobody likes german food . 
  its shit . 
  and yes.ive been germany ... 4 times . 
  did the danish have an issue with the usa joining ww2 while still segregating black and white soldiers ? 
  french bloke saying we eat wierd stuff in hilarious . 
  never understand the whole `` britain is rainy '' argument ... we get less than norway or switzerland per year . 
  true but martin said himself the books inspiration are based on the english/british medieval period , hence the filming locations and mainly british actors . 
  1 ) nobody believed the nhs would get 350 million . 
  even the slogan didnt say it would fund the nhs 350 million . 
  2 ) we wouldnt be stopping immigration , a points based immigration policy was the discussion . 
  do you think a qualified nurse or doctor wouldnt get enough points to move here ? 
  of course they would . 
  this is a typical remoaner response ... lying . 
  shit socialist healthcare ... which keeps british folks alive longer than germans . 
  ... our last five prime ministers all went to different universities . 
  you mention cricket ... outside of football are germany better than england at any sports ? 
  i mean we dominate them at the olympics over the past two decades , boxing , tennis ( currently ) , rugby . 
  the germans under-perform at every sport outside football ... and they have an extra 20 million people to us . 
  ireland couldnt afford a trip to iceland , broke as fuck . 
  for everything you claim germany is better at , i can name 10 things the uk is better at . 
  germany has a higher quality of life ... but they do n't live as long . 
  germany is the heart and brain of europe ... yet germany has zero universities in the top 50 in the world ... the uk has 9 . 
  i did n't realise islands were not random , i mean as far as i am aware islands ( as well as entire continents ) were not strategically placed by some sort of higher being . 
  but you cant name one thing we are inferior to germany to its like me being a man utd supporter and saying i have an inferiority complex to yeovil town, 
  like the irish over thierry henry, 
  yeah thought that 's all you had . 
  inferior to germany ? 
  hahahaha , what are they superior to the uk at ? 
  best response you have ? 
  mommy , soccer ... you a yank ? 
  '' oi germany let me close our borders to refugees , we are over-run . '', 
  '' no you peasant southern nation , leave the borders open , do as we say '' ... sound familiar ? 
  are you going to actually lie and say that the eu doesnt have the most dull bank notes on earth ? 
  nope, 
  no nations in the eu have an equal ones either ( with other eu nations ),
