  irish sea ? 
  london times ? 
  and then cut services to the bone as they try to lower their massive debt . 
  you would have thought they never had a referendum just 2 years ago . 
  i mean why would they want to join the german eu empire ? 
  an extra 350m per week for the nhs is a good thing , is it not ? 
  reaward with massuve cuts ? 
  why is it good ? 
  til the finns dress like uk chavs in the 1990s . 
  the irish breakfast is just an english breakfast rip-off . 
  it should be banned for being a knock-off . 
  thank the gods it sank and we are free from those backwards mainlanders . 
  was on a plane with ian hislop last year ... the med heat is too much for him ... sweaty as fuck . 
  quick question ... i know very little about the famine ... but why didnt people fish , ireland is a small nation surrounded by sea and ocean ... why not just do a lot of fishing ? 
  well as long as when we leave we get a percentage of everything we have ever paid for i dont care . 
  ... your just a shit czech republic, 
  you dont pay deposit 3 years in advance . 
  does these mean we get refunded all money we have put into it ? 
  85 pages . 
  its not exactly lord of the rings in length is it . 
  if i wanted to move to australia and theybwanted me to fill out 300 pages ... i would do it . 
  its a few hours work . 
  so you would have prefered the british didnt get involved in ww2 and we were all now under nazi control ? 
  i dont even know what irish food is . 
  most do . 
  look at the top restauraunts , top 10 , i think 7 or 8 are english . 
  i doubt german michelin star restauraunts serve much german food . 
  adidas is german, 
  england : football rugby boxing tennis cricket world wide web lightbulb jet engine catseyes fire extinguishers the usa syringe telescope hip replacents wind up radio cement stainless steel glider toothbrush sewage system atm hydraulic press too many to list basically ... but the sandwich has to be right up there, 
  as long as the uk has more michelin star restauraunts than germany ... youre hardly in a place to say anything . 
  if we had we would hear you still crying about it today . 
  also a loser, 
  doesnt make us anyi europe to want to be a soverign nation and not be ruled by brusssels, 
  what am i uninformed about ? 
  40 million plastics ? 
  40 million plastic paddies . 
  25 % of the usa has british lineage ... including trump . 
  you didnt beat shit . 
  just like the us swore to protect georgia from russia yeah ? 
  '' if russia go into georgia they have crossed our line '' ... russia goes into georgia ... . . uh , eh , uh , eh ... . we will put sanctions on you if you dont leave ... . 
  so your saying a full blown uk invasion , tanks , planes carpet bombing etc would lose to irish civilans using gorilla warfare ? 
  we hardly went all out last time did we , did you se3 any airplane bombs landing across ireland ? 
  mom ? 
  im not from birmingham or the usa . 
  the vote germoney pretens you have . 
  if you dont vote how they want ... vote again until you do, 
  because the last time germany controlled europe we had to sort it out . 
  how is the uk anti-europe ? 
  wales voted to leave, 
  de gaulle wasnt anti british ? 
  so you admit europe is anti-british then wonder why we want to leave ? 
  yeah lets leave europe to deal with infighting like kosovo ... where they then had to go and beg nato/usa to fix the problem as the eu is a limp dick . 
  oh really ? 
  ok ... find me how many positive brexit threads have been posted ( by non brits ) in the past month ... and then we 'll check the anti-british brit-bashing threads . 
  what do you think the ratio will be ? 
  i never once said you would invade . 
  i said we would have an anti-british block/military on our doorstep ... which we will . 
  that is never a good thing , maybe trump is right in having closer ties with russia . 
  stop this german 4th reich spreading any further . 
  til 62 % is closer to 70 than 60 . 
  but europe is anti-british , so we have a huge anti-british block on our doorstep . 
  time for closer relations with russia i think . 
  yeah but we could.have squashed you on a monday morning and been home in time for lunch . 
  why do i care that an anti-british block of countries may become one federal state on our doorstep ? 
  i hioe we stay now just to veto this 4th reich . 
  looks like we are about to have an anti-british military force right on our doorstep . 
  its.not inevitable at all . 
  dont know why you are being down voted for pointing out facts . 
  the eu doesnt meet minimum spend ... and expects other nations to pay for them . 
  but isnt the usa like half the size and population ... so surely that is their fair share ? 
  the fact is ... europe doesnt meet its nato minimum spend . 
  not one single person ever said that they should be used as a bargaining chip ... ever . 
  it seems that the pro eu crowd keep brininging it up in the uk ... but have no one to argue with as nobody is suggedting it . 
  fuxk me ... so because of what people in this country did 100 + years ago ... we should take it on the chin now ? 
  so why do n't we vilify germany for being nazis ... that was more recent ? 
  thats was in no particular order . 
  argentina first , scotland last ... scotland isnt really isnt a proper rivalry as we come together for a lot of stuff like sport . 
  to be honest i think france is just a proximity thing these days , closest major country . 
  not a historic hatred like it was in the past . 
  no were about it . 
  are . 
  that made zero sense, 
  centuries ago , its definitely not a rivalry now though at all . 
  england and netherlands ? 
  first ive heard of it, 
  england v argentina , scotland , ireland , france , germany . 
  then england south v england north . 
  when you 're the greatest country on earth , you have a lot of rivalries . 
  if the club was good people wouldnt want to leave anyway . 
  music , movies , cars , video games . 
  start again, 
  or ... . https://youtu.be/vmcmqtau6b8, 
  and how am i arrogant you xenophobe, 
  sports cars like mclaren ? 
  5.8 percent of the finnish population were born outside finland ( eu countries ) . 
  13.4 percent of uk population was born in other eu countries ... when you more than double your eu immigration ... then you can tell us how you welcome more . 
  you sound like the scottish ... they welcome more ... but thats because nobody in the eu moves there ... they all stay in england . 
  you hate being english because of one variation of breakfast ? 
  you really are a tit . 
  bentley rolls and jag are all doing well thanks .
