  im no fan of them , i live between three wind farms now , but they are necessary i guess . 
  my point is , ns like to pretend it was a landslide victory ... which it obviously wasnt . 
  it was 62/38 ... notice she never says the numbers ... just calls it ` overwhelmingly ' all the time ... if she says the numbers ... they dont sound impressive at all . 
  i guess they could . 
  if the eu wants to . 
  but at the minute england funds a huge percentage of it , and obviously wont if they leave . 
  yes i can understand that . 
  what i cant understand is how an ` independence referendum ' is taking powers from london and giving them to brussels , even further away . 
  britain having a vote on independence bad ? 
  scotland having a vote on independece good ? 
  hold on ... the eu is made up of equals ? 
  have a word with yourself . 
  if you think germany and ireland are equal you are either drinking too much or smoking some good shit . 
  scotland rrades mostly with england ... how isnthat going to benefit scotland if a deal isnt made ? 
  they will be fucked . 
  not to mention the near 10 % defecit that they already run which is 7 % over eu rules . 
  and who funds scotlands renewable energy ? 
  what about their defecit ? 
  i know . 
  but ns wants to.remain in the eu , which is also.uneven and not independence . 
  showing her true colours which isnt independence ... just anti-english . 
  if i was scottish i would vote to leave . 
  but i would also vote scotland out if we english had a choice . 
  bored of paying for them . 
  38 % voted to leave . 
  so hardly the landslide that the snp paint it as . 
  hardly a falklands 99.8 % type vote . 
  ... how is the eu even ? 
  ... todaloo . 
  as long as we the people get to veto handouts to the scots from england . 
  wonder how long all their free stuff will last when they have to start making 10 % cuts in public services . 
  just an excuse . 
  more than 4 in 10 voted to leave the eu, 
  the wank fest in here by euros because the scottish have a right to an independece vote ... while hating on england/wales for exerxising that same right with the eu is fucking laughable . 
  finally we can unshackle ourselves from the scottish leeches ... if they have the minerals to vote leave ... please do . 
  trump is in the right . 
  why should american citizens pay for the eu defence . 
  2 % was agreed over 10 years ago ... and a measley 3 eu countries hit that target . 
  what does that have to do with the english language ... last time i checked the welsh had their own language and the scottish had theirs too , all part of the british isles . 
  uk should be centre, 
  so should wales and scotland then . 
  sour paddy, 
  and even if that hadnt happened ... ot would have died out anyway . 
  too close to a powerhouse for it to.survive . 
  you wouldnt be speaking irish today either way . 
  the great always dominate the small . 
  i mean go to france ... next door to.england in the same way ireland is ... the road signs are in english ... and they have a similar population to the whole uk . 
  the irish language would have died out faster than latin . 
  til euros call notes ` bills ' . 
  they are also a citizen of the country they came from . 
  we strip them of our citizenship , they still have their original one . 
  well there is ... according to the immigration , asylum and nationality act ( 2006 ) . 
  it 's in our laws ... we deport people who dont abide by them , go and have a read . 
  i dont know what world you live in ... obviously one without the laws of the land . 
  why does it have to be either or ? 
  we do want to deal with these people ... if they abide by our laws . 
  are you saying these terror suspects should be able to stay ? 
  what happens if they cause an terror attack after the leftie snowflakes have begged them to be allowed to stay ? 
  they going to take responsibility for that ? 
  we gave a guantanamo bay detainee a million quid ... went off and blew himself up . 
  more a case of i do n't wish to converse in ` retard ' . 
  do n't speak ` text ' . 
  no ... when you arrive here as an immigrant you are expected to abide by the immigration , asylum and nationality act ( 2006 ) . 
  which states that if you do n't you can be stripped of citizenship . 
  this happens almost in every nation ... so whats the problem ? 
  i know the leftie snowflakes on here think we should all hold hands and be best friends with everyone including terrorists , but last time i checked the government was supposed to keep the country safe . 
  removing terrorists makes us safer , so what 's the problem . 
  no , because i was born here . 
  being an immigrant means you abide by the laws of the country you move to . 
  if i move to canada and act a dick , i would expect to be kicked out . 
  no i dont . 
  but you do merkel . 
  if you break the law ... you lose your citizenship . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  with leanne wood leading the way youre onto a winner . 
  born in sudan ... lived here 16 years . 
  how is he one of our arseholes ? 
  you take advice from merkel, 
  wales which has 5 % in favour of independence . 
  queue, 
  how does that help if i was earning 13 an hour , and im undercut to 9 an hour ... which is still 1.50 above minimum wage ? 
  so if i have been to college for 3 years and got a job as a bricklayer and live at home with a wife and two kids . 
  then a foreigner from eastern europe moves in next door with 12 other men , and have barely and rent to pay as so many live there . 
  that guy then undercuts me by # 4 an hour ... its because im lazy ? 
  it amazes me that germans and europhiles cant admit the eu has problems, 
  i was talking about ` cheating ' and how ireland is practically a tax haven . 
  gon na kick ireland out then ? 
  and a united czechslovakia, 
  well if scotland hadnt being playing imperialists in the americas , then they wouldnt have been broke as fuck and needing a union with england . 
  wind power ... subsidised by england . 
  do a litle research before you type something so preposterous . 
  england pays for the majority of those wind farms , not scotland . 
  if scotland left , and therefore was an independent nation ... england/wales would still have their own green energy targets ... do you honestly think england will continue to pay for scotlands green energy ? 
  so you think oil will increase ... in a time when more and more hybrid and green cars are hitting the market ? 
  even with the oil , scotland has a devastating deficit , or do we just pretend that doesnt exist ? 
  '' germany gets proportional representation '' ... so runs europe then . 
  well scottish nationalism has been rampant for years . 
  maybe we can have a referendum now to get rid of scotland, 
  oil is 40 a barrel ... and doesnt last forever . 
  are you deny germany runs the eu ?
