  are you using the world wide web to show me these stats ? 
  yes of course it is . 
  the greatest country in the history of the world is shit ... you say ... in english ... using the english invented world wide web . 
  i 'm `` well off '' . 
  at least we wo n't be ruled by germany as i tuck into my apple pie, 
  so that the best response to your retard comment above . 
  you do n't even know what an english dish is . . you thought ours were american and that we ate shit . 
  congratulations on your ignorance . 
  apple pie was invented in england in the 13th century . 
  chocolate as a stand alone food in 1850s and macaroni and cheese in the 14th century ... you been watching a bit too much american tv pal ? 
  the usa did n't even exist when apple pie and macaroni and cheese were invented . 
  run along now , i bet you think star wars is real too ? 
  congratulations on your a grade ignorance . 
  apple pie , chocolate and macaroni and cheese ? 
  i very much doubt your sensationalist dream will come true . 
  i mean chicken is n't even cheap ... so why would we jelly chicken when you can jelly eels or other far cheaper livestock . 
  if this happened i would actually vote ukip next time . 
  not because i agree with their policies ... but for the sake of democracy . 
  we want to live like monkeys by opening ourselves up to the world rather than being told by merkel what we can and ca n't do, 
  cameron spouted all sorts of shit knowing the referendum would never see a leave vote happen ... the n when it did he had nowhere to hide, 
  huh ? 
  never heard of this in my life, 
  more guardian brexit clickbait, 
  you should have a full stop at the end , if you ca n't use the english language properly ... 
  yeah ... and you wo n't have that anymore . 
  i dont think there is much chance of a '' racist '' attack happening in a hospital . 
  when a , there is security everywhere , and b , those foreigners are there helping you . 
  we 'll start with the the world wide web you are using ... and our language . 
  you would if we take all the shit we invented with us . 
  captain obvious to the rescue, 
  apart from in vietnam and hundreds of other examples ... like pulling out of afghanistan against their wishes, 
  rather be friendly with the us than the limp dick eu . 
  hmmmmm ... how can r/europe blame this on brexit . 
  i 'm sure a way will be found . 
  ... brexit has n't happened . 
  yeah ... but brexit has n't happened yet . 
  bavaria should join with austria and stick a finger up to the berlin elite . 
  ... but are rising now . 
  are they not ? 
  2k less ? 
  but wages are rising . 
  the same americans that helped save europe when germany steam rolled it ? 
  its not irrelevant if one couldnt exist without what happened previously, 
  its irrelevant ? 
  without the uk their would be no german eu , just a german 3rd reich, 
  no actually its everything we paid for according to the law . 
  but ill believe you instead . 
  you dont want our money ... but keep talking about an exit bill . 
  which we dont have to pay by law . 
  we will . 
  when you give us what is legally ours . 
  an exit bill that you cant enforce by law . 
  youre basically just begging for money as the eu is broke, 
  were we english scum when we saved you from being german . 
  i know now euorpe wants to be under german control ... but tback then not so mucj . 
  you dont have a legal right to anything from the uk if they leave . 
  the uk does have a legal right to things it has paid for though . 
  im sorry if you dont like laws . 
  but they do exist . 
  the fact that this vote is split down the middle near enough shiws thebexact same issues the uk has . 
  its too close , no major majority . 
  and so it will piss a lot of people off it it happens ... like brexit . 
  we could , but the eu keeps.crying about eu citizens , claims thry want money but doesnt want to say how much and if we are leaving without a deal and we have no legal basis to be paying anything , we should be getting money back for the projects and buildings we have paid for but no longer have access to . 
  if we paid liets say x % of everything , we have every right to get that back . 
  the eu wont tell us how much they want in the divoce settlement . 
  wouldnt put it past the butthurt eu . 
  like a violent husband when the wife finally leaves . 
  just one bonus of not being in the eu . 
  higher wages , own loaws ... bot controlled by berlin through brussells . 
  etc, 
  except the finance businesses are not moving are they . 
  the people dont want to move . 
  the businesses dont want to move . 
  we were told their will be a mass exodus ... instead all we are seeing is ` company x to move x jobs to new eu hub ' ... which basically means brass plate on door , a few members of staff and that 's it . 
  no exodus , no leaving ... infact deutche bank just singed last week for a new [ london hq ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39378521 ) . 
  ... and higher wages . 
  well ... with # 156 million ( net ) less coming from the uk , and # 200 million a week going to northern ireland , that 's # 356 million a week worse off the eu is , could work , but cuts will be required across the eu . 
  the uk . 
  the greatest nation on earth, 
  let ireland give them the 200 million a week we give ni . 
  money pit we can do without , infact ... their is little upside to keeping ni as part of the uk . 
  that or let them be an independent country in the eu since they voted to stay . 
  eu can give them 200m a week . 
  the first positive effects of brexit beginning to take place as wages rise . 
  something remainers said would never happen funnily enough , as wages allegedly were not kept down by mass immigration . 
  well he 's not an immigrant if his mother is english . 
  was , by that way of thinking their is no such thing as an american , canadian , australian , new zealander ( not white anyway ) , they are all ... british or some other european country . 
  we 're not americans !, 
  phillip had an english mother . 
  hobnob obviously , the sas of biscuits . 
  it was a statement clarifying the ` bus ' lie . 
  problem is it still reads badly for the eu so it will get downvoted ... as you can see . 
  how is it trolling when you produce facts ? 
  ... net of course . 
  never know anyone to go paris on a stag to be honest . 
  expensive and not a padty city . 
  dont know why anyone would go there for one . 
  still desperate for the english money though, 
  ... but its generally not chavs or afeo carribeans ... its muslims . 
  but also get a trade deal .
