  probably my 4th favourite british bridge . 
  where the fuck do euros go on holiday ? 
  france and germany have more people than the uk , yet you dont see them go overseas/across europe en masse every summer . 
   ah yes , the standard nationalist deflection . 
  accuse anyone who criticises you or is not wholly committed to the national ideal of being a traitor . 
  this is standard practise in numerous nationalistic hard right nations . 
  didnt deny it though did you . 
   you say this as if a european federation , that is democratic , is some great evil . 
  probably because you still accuse the germans of being nazis and think ireland all support the ira . 
  immature , ill informed , prejudiced , presumptuous , and pathetic . 
  nope , go to germany a lot , my uncle was stationed there in the navy in the late 80s , moved to bavaria about 10 years ago . 
  spent many weeks there in total , dresden is my favourite none capital city in europe . 
  all you are doing is throwing buzzwords around , leftie buzzwords , prejudice , ill informed , etc etc zzzzzzz . 
  is this leftie buzzword bingo or something ? 
  the eu is nothing but an empire that allows very few at the top to roll around in cash , nothing more . 
  it doesnt care for the little man , your neighbour , your friends , its a project that will hopefully finish , soon . 
   that in itself demonstrates how little you know of history . 
  it is very easy to visit different countries and know practically nothing of them . 
  i 'll remind you why the eu is proposing a military , that it is defensive in nature , and that unlike many empires , notably the british , the eu has not oppressed people , or murdered them for simply existing . 
  i 'm sorry , but this level of ignorance and bigotry is astonishing . 
  but also unsurprising , given the education system of the uk . 
  why does the eu need a defensive military ? 
  it has one in nato . 
  the eu has imperial wishes , that is why they won meet the '' % nato spending but are happy to spend more on weaponary . 
  was educated in singapore for my high school years ... but ok .  and yet you think the eu is just like nazi germany . 
  that disproves you claim that you know anything about the eu . 
  the eu is not advocating genocide . 
  the eu is not advocating fascism . 
  the eu , it may shock you to learn , is actually advocating a very democratic system . 
  in fact , when you compare it to the british system , the eu is more accountable !, 
  but you will never accept this , as it does not agree with your prejudice . 
  tell me how the eu is accountable to the town of boston or skegness ? 
  oh that 's right , it isnt , its a huge rich mans club that means the little man has no say on anything . 
  at a time when people want powers devolved to areas/nations ... like wales/scotland ... why would people be happy going the opposite way with the eu ? 
   you have that mentality , regardless of where your ancestors are from . 
  you ca n't seem to differentiate between 1945 and 2017 . 
  you think that the progress made in the eu to ensure fascism and war and genocide ca n't happen again , are identical to the epitome of fascism and genocide itself . 
  i dont know what little englander mentality is , its a leftie buzzword which means nothing . 
  its the mentality of the far left , claiming we cant do anything because we are to small , if the far left with this mentality were always in charge nothing would ever get done . 
   all you are doing is demonstrating your own prejudice and ignorance further . 
  and your final remark is childish . 
  childish , but true . 
  i do n't know you , i havent been through your post history , but you can tell from your langauge/wording you are a tim farron loving extreme leftie who hates his own country and wishes it didnt exist , unless its just a region of the new eu . 
  i bet you would love federalisation too . 
  a religion nobody follows under the age of 70 . 
  take away irish and other foreigners living here and the uk has one of , if not the lowest religious believers in europe . 
  so de velera didnt visit the german embassy after hitlers death to offer his condolences ... condolences for hitler ... or did i make that up ? 
  endeavour of peace ... yet wants its own military rather than pay 2 % nato membership . 
  the eu is like every empire that came before it , simply waiting for the right time to show its true intentions . 
  i know nothing of europe ... but have travelled over 20 eu nations . 
  i know nothing of ww2 ... yet i read about it a lot . 
  anthony beever ... podcasts etc. ... been to aushwitz , got the photos to prove it . 
  yes i must be a little englander ... with turkish grandparents and indian mother ... your standard little englander . 
  ... and wales , dont forget them . 
  typical leftie throwing around slurs . 
  is that you tim farron ? 
  dont call it anything . 
  all religion is backwards shit . 
  do they ? 
  ww2 started because theybdidnt want to admit they were at fault for ww1 . 
  germany didnt half europes population ? 
  they tried their best ... but then again ireland were fans of germany during ww2 wernt they so its no change really . 
  ... well it is uk land so you can see why people think that . 
  more and more people also want referendums though , so its not all roses inside the german 4th reich, 
  opening yourself up isnt isolation ... and it was less than half . 
  todays intelligence members should be hanging for what people 30 + years before them did ? 
  the eu were selfish not giving david cameron something to go back to the british people with before brexit . 
  if they had then the referendum would have been a distant memory . 
  taking our jobs ... source : daily mail, 
  us butthole or german 4th reich ... hmmmm, 
  other parties get eu funding , and they pay their taxes like other eu parties ... so why shouldnt they get the same as other parties ? 
  may has already said it does n't matter how many signatures it gets . 
  it 's not happening . 
  how about we just start again . 
  with a tiered system . . top nations , tier 1s like the uk , germany , france , holland and belgium . 
  tier 2s like portugal , spain , ireland , poland . 
  tier 3s ... new nations and the other eastern european nations . 
  people who are from tier 1 can can move anywhere . 
  tier 2s can only move to t2 and t3 nations while t3s can only stay in t3s . 
  we then use trickle down economics ... we all know that works . . i kid . 
  we then throw money at t2s , so they can become t1s ... rather than draining their talent pools and seeing mass migration from that nation to.the big nations like germany and the uk . 
  do the same with 3s so they become 2s etc. ... creating a more equal eu . 
  to think the whole brexit and federalisation could have been different if we did n't have retards running the eu . 
  why are the irish such ***** when it comes to brexit ? 
  why do you care ... we bailed your arses out when the euro bottomed you out yet you still pretend it 's amazing . 
  i 've been back once since ( on way to ben nevis ) and not experienced it , it was during the hegemony ( ? ), 
  on new years eve 2014 i overheard it and then had it directed at me on another separate occasion . 
  yes , twice . 
  once in the day i overheard it ( not about me ) and then at night waiting for the fireworks it was directed at me . 
  shame about all the anti-english scum up there , as i witnessed on new years eve a few years back . 
  where as the truth is ... both of them . 
  different ends of the spectrum the chav vs the upper class . 
  you do n't see many chavs travelling to the usa , costs too much . 
  the chavs take ryanair around europe . 
  having been to ibiza myself i was pleasantly surprised ... 10 days ... didnt see one fight or one arrest . 
  i did see sex on the beach ... nearly tripped over a couple doing it at 6.30 in the morning when i was walking around a hedge next to the road . 
  front row seats ... and yet their were dozens of african prossies by the beaches offering sex and bjs yet the police did nothing about them ... even though they were obvious . 
  really , having been to egypt a few times i 've found egyptians seem to think of russians the same way europeans think of british holiday makers . 
  we do n't go on vacation . 
  we ai n't americans .
