  ... they wernt involved until years later, 
  you been watching american movies ? 
  which single nation fought the nazi in europe while russia and germany were allies ? 
  im not a hairdresser . 
  i just own one, 
  how was the uk about to collapse ? 
  we couldnt be invaded , we won the battle of britain and hitler had given up taking the uk , instead moving his best forces east to.fight in russia ... at the time the usa joined ww2 , we had.never been so comfortable since the start of the war ... we had just whooped rommel all over north africa ... but if you get your history from american movies i really cant help you . 
  by the way he did the usa get to the uk without being sunk in the atlantic ? 
  surely you know the answer to this ? 
  you seem to have a great grasp on ww2 history . 
  one final point ... if any nation defeated germany ... it was the russians . 
  but then i suppose you didnt see that in saving private ryan . 
  you know . 
  like when we sank the bismark , defeated the luftwaffer and invented radar as well as broke the enigma ... that sort of shit . 
  you know ... when russia and germany were teamed up and the uk was the only nation in europe fighting back . 
  like when we saved europe from the nazis ? 
  o you take paracetamol ... but the eu told us we were not allowed . 
  but remaining was a one way street as david cameron prived when he went befging to europe and came back with nothing . 
  its one or the other ... and 52 % said other . 
  im not even anti-eu , part of me wants to stay as i think its a good thing ... but it over-reached itself . 
  beauty salon , hair salon and web business . 
  well educated business owners ? 
  at least their was a vote ... before then we had no choice and it was in the hands of people like you . 
  more than happy to do this . 
  we should be a satalite member of the eu . 
  getting involved and paying for things that benefit us and the whole of europe . 
  but not being run by europe !, 
  its coming home , its.coming home , its coming , independence is coming home . 
  march 29th . 
  national holiday . 
  ` lion and dragon day ', 
  scum french , fuck their empire ... amirite ? 
  or do we only ` fuck ' the brotish empire on here ? 
  i was born here . 
  both my parents are . 
  if younaee going to gondown your family line ... then anyone outside africa is an immigrant ... and you as an irishman ... are spanish ... and african . 
  and when did i say i hate immigration ? 
  not really . 
  they didnt have record high immigration then . 
  no i was born here . 
  my father is half indian , my mother white . 
  my grandfather moved after ww2 , married a white geordie woman . 
  most people dont even realise im part indian ... think michael chopra . 
  why cant i give immigration advice ? 
  my home has changed in the past decade because of unfiltered mass immigration . 
  ... i have an issue with indians ? 
  why would i have issue with half of myself ? 
  when didnwe colonise poland ? 
  when you have the second highest migration in europe and your country changes before your eyes overnight ill let you lecture me ... but you cant ... because nobody has ever wanted to move to ireland apart from mega-corps looking for tax breaks . 
  ... well they have a huge defecit ... 10 % ... 7 % above what is alllowed so that needs to be dealt with first . 
  no it didnt contain reference to migration . 
  yet migration came first or second in every poll asking why you wanted brexit to happen . 
  so it was obviously a major factor . 
  fuck all wrong with skeggy . 
  thriving, 
  of course it is . 
  a bunch of rich blokes making bank . 
  she has been forced into that position though . 
  people wanted to end mass immigration ... a soft brexit doesnt do that . 
  theresa may never went to eton . 
  not the same though is it . 
  the uk isn a country , the eu is a corporation of rich men doing whats best for their pockets . 
  some scottish folks also claim to want to be an independence country ... rejoining the eu isnthe opposite of that . 
  ... the scottish were part of the empire . 
  she was in the remain camp . 
  shes doing what the people voted for . 
  ... huh, 
  if we had a eu referendum in 2014 ... i wouldnt expect a second within a few years . 
  what circumstances have changed ? 
  we dont know what they are yet ... which is why it should wait until the dust settles . 
  well since westminster governs the whole uk , surely the westminster government should do whats best for the whole uk ? 
  its not like the eu referendum where nobody has had a vote in 40 odd years ... it was done in 2014 . 
  once in a lifetime vote ... im more than happy for scotland to have one ( hope they leave to be honest ) ... but surely they need to.know what they are voting on ? 
  its a fair deal . 
  have a referndum ... 2 years after brexit when the dust has settled . 
  i know . 
  we could have just left europe to be steam rolled and not been involved . 
  can we stop calling it an independece referendum when sturgeon wants to rejoin/remain in the eu . 
  thats not independence . 
  thats being.ruled by brussels . 
  apart from defeat the german airforce , break the enigma which meant american boats could cross the atlantic . 
  invent radar . 
  and fight alone for months while ussr were on germanys side . 
  could have rolled over like the rest of europe and all been nazis now, 
  no ... it will become england . 
  which i am more than happy with since we subsidise every other fucking part of the union . 
  ill be happy if i see an england flag rather than a british flag flying all over the country . 
  so how did the usa get across the atlantic . 
  how did they have a staging area in the uk ? 
  you know fuck all about ww2 if you actually believe that . 
  european union ... mor3 like european mess, 
  i know ireland is embarrassing . 
  tax haven that will soon be crushed by the rest if the eu ... then youll need another bailout . 
  cowards as usual ? 
  have you got us mixed up with the rest if europe ... like during ww2 . 
  why would we do that ... its deep into english territory , miles from the current border . 
  well according to sturgeon before the last referendum scotland was entitles to 5 % of everything in england ... if england/wales have paid for much of the wind farms , for the whole uk , why should scotland keep them ? 
  i know ... scotland has a voice in the uk , in the eu its a micro-state, 
  yes ... which is 90 + % england, 
  that is true , but as england owns much of the wind farms , im assuming the eu/scotland will have to buy it from us , or we can take them down and place them in england .
