  plenty of the biggest boxing bouts on earth take place in london , 80,000 sell outs ... new york did have a good run in the 30s to 80s ... but now its all las vegas if its stateside . 
  your turn ... 
  in what criterias is new york better ? 
  history , no . 
  arxhitecture no . 
  sport no . 
  etc etc, 
  when new york has half the sport london has it might have a claim . 
  yes to the greatest city in the world ... now you 're asking them to downgrade . 
  when you 're the greatest nation to ever exist you have a lot to brag about . 
  well its not the eu is it . 
  apart from the uk and france , the rest of europe could be steam rolled by a medium sized nation in a week . 
  surprised you like an english breed of dog . 
  tell what to them ? 
  houses at low multiples of their salaries ... in england ? 
  you must have been looking at the house prices in nigeria mate . 
  thats ok , as part of the eu we can just move country ... 
  the problem is the people who do research keep telling them they have it wrong , the head of gchq told them over the past week or so they do n't have a clue to put it nicely . 
  i mean they want end to end encryption ... that can be accessed with a warrant , which goes to show they dont actually know what it is . 
  dont get me wrong , im worried about the ever expanding nanny state , but the retards in power now just dont have a clue . 
  lolz , remember when everyone on here was claiming scotland would leave the uk and join the eu . 
  you dont have amber rudd and theresa may in power . 
  i 'd be surprised if either knew how to turn on a computer . 
  to be honest i voted leave , i was like 51/49 whether to go or stay . 
  if we did have a second vote i dont know what way i would vote ... then when i think of the moaning guardian reading whining uni students and this eu subreddit and the plastic european friends , my mind is made up again . 
  let the downvotes commence ... 
  ours is well on the way to being built , but with our leaders not understanding how technology works , we will probably end up with nothing ,, 
  this wont see the r/europe light of day . 
  down votes commence !, 
  this post is about to get showered in down votes, 
  the eu tried to fix it , then they went to nato , then the usa fixed it . 
  nato came after the eu , then finally the usa got things done . 
  here in euope ... bit embarrassing . 
  it did get involved ... failed , then begged the usa . 
  it was next door to the eu ... yet it had to run to the otherside of the world for help . 
  how is it idiotic ... which part of that statment is idiotic ? 
  because its on the eu 's doorstep ... they did try and get involved ... failed ... so begged the usa to step in ... even though they are on the other side of the planet . 
  because kosovo is on the eu 's doorstep . 
  the eu couldnt fix it ... so went running to the usa to save the day . 
  hence the usa being the ones who ended the kosovo conflict . 
  ... like kosovo where the eu had to beg for american help ? 
  why mention the uk in the title at all ? 
  when did it become the `` beat the uk show '' ? 
  yessssssssss ... . . another thread where we can shit on the uk . 
  been waiting ages for one of these . 
  we shall stop getting money from the eu ? 
  we are net contributors ... its our money in the first place . 
  how does that contradict one another . 
  no , we should n't be in it , unless we are staying in the eu . 
  we voted leave ... so leave . 
  if the politicians are goign to u-turn on it , fine...u-turn and commit to the project , but this half in , half out attitude ... from both sides is bullshit . 
  how does it ignore them , it states they are holding off the germans numerous times . 
  how were the british cowards , they were under-equipped and had nowhere to go . 
  hence needing civilian boats to help save them . 
  i keep hearing haters claim it ignores the french , but to me the french came out well in this movie , they may have been hardly seen ... but then again you never saw a single german soldier until the last 3 seconds ... but it told you of their role numerous time throughout the movie , and were seen as saving the british ... where as ameircan movies like to portray the french as surrender monkeys . 
  uk voted leave not half in/half out . 
  we should n't expect this anymore than we should expect the ecj to have power in the land . 
  both are stupid ideas . 
  leave or stay , either way i dont care anymore . 
  ... paid for by england . 
  well that was bollox, 
  so about 1/10th of what it employs in london . 
  it doesnt even say if any jobs are moving , just that the eu operations is moving . 
  which means a single job might not even move . 
  yes that france . 
  macron himself said it . 
  even other nations in europe , including france , have called you a tax haven ... or words to that effect . 
  so cancel their licence and lose the 20 people who work there and the taxes they and the business generate , that makes sense , you should be a politician . 
  considering ireland is nothing but a tax haven now anyway , its pretty laughable . 
  being told and it being enforced are two different things . 
  how can you possibly force a whole business to move ? 
  no ... leave like you claim , not set up some small satellite office which is little more than a brass plate on a door . 
  you sound like a butt-hurt remoaner . 
  the vote took place , you lost . 
  deal with it . 
  `` we will move roles not only to dublin but to other eu locations , with the focus on how we can best support our clients in these markets . '', 
  notice how they always say '' eu hub '' or eu operations '' not ... `` we are leaving the uk like everyone on reddit said we would '', 
  because the eu want to implement their laws in our non-eu country , how can you not see how fucked up that is ? 
  we would be the only nation on earth to have a foreign nation/block implementing our laws . 
  we voted to leave , you claim you want us to leave ... but then only want us to leave with eu laws ruling our country , its laughable . 
  because prior to negotiations all we heard was , the uk ca n't negotiate , the uk will get a bad deal , the eu is too big and powerful . 
  ... now we see the eu being completely unreasonable and expecting a sovereign nation to be the only country on the planet to be forced under the laws of another nation/bock . 
  the fact that you wo n't admit this is unreasonable and instead skirt round it with some non-response tells me , even you , think this is fucking stupid . 
  its like getting divorced and being told you still have to have dinner at the same time as your ex-wife . 
  so you admit the eu is being unreasonable , wanting the uk to be the only nation on earth to fall under the laws of a different country or block , even barnier ( ? ), 
  could n't name one other when asked . 
  not defending it , however i can see why its being done . 
  kids from 10-17 can easily access any porn they want ... do i think its dumb , yes most teenagers will know how to get around it , the dinosaurs who put this stuff in place have no clue , do i think its wrong , not really . 
  that 's the best you 've got ? 
  you see the reason that 's all you 've got is because you know its unreasonable and you have no argument for it . 
  porn registration ... stopping kids from looking at porn ? 
  if this is an issue ... why dont eu nations sell porn mags to kids in shops ? 
  they are telling us to leave ... but still be governed by eu law . 
  so please , feel free to tell me how its right that a sovereign nation not part of the eu should be forced to use eu laws and remain under the ecj ? 
  ... almost seems like you do n't want us to leave at all . 
  ah the eu empire still trying to push its laws on sovereign nations , not long now before they start to militarise and then try it with force , every empire is the same . 
  surely refusing to budge on your principles is strong and stable ? 
  and yet you still live in your birth country . 
  nope , definitely the right park . 
  4 or 5 of those rides on the list are kids rides , one new one has been made since i went .
