  it was literally two or three proper coasters , and the rest kids stuff , pretty much the same today . 
  i was really looking forward to going on my travels around europe , i drove around 150 miles out my way just to there ... through the night . 
  then when i got there i found a fairly small , pretty boring park with like 2 roller coasters that were nothing to write home about . 
  the only saving grace was the log flume which was fairly unique even if it only had one drop . 
  ive been to dinseyland paris , all the parks in orlando at least a couple of times each and ive been to most theme parks in england and a couple in spain including portaventura ... it was by far the worst of them all . 
  we do n't really control our own laws though . 
  you say the eu implements laws ... which supersede our own , so that everyone is treated equally . 
  but those laws go way beyond that , fire extinguishers for example has nothing to do with treating everyone equal ... but we now have to abide by the regulatory reform fire safety order 2005 . 
  which means the body must be 90 % red , a circle colour indicating the contents etc. 
  growing up i remember we had red and blue fire extinguishers , different ones for different fire types . 
  now while that may seem a minor point , this happens everywhere , eu law superseding british law , when it has nothing to do with the treatment of people . 
  the fact is the highest law ( currently ) in our land is n't a british court , its a european one . 
  not true , farage had nothing to do with the 350 million bus slogan . 
  even he said it wasnt true before the election and would hurt the campaign . 
  at a time when nations within the uk want more control over themselves , budgets , laws etc. . . why would those same people want to give it all away to brussels , it makes no sense . 
  all im seeing here is an anti-uk circle jerk . 
  this was a tragic case , incredibly so . 
  however this sub makes it out as if the uk is a no go zone for polish/eastern euros which couldnt be further from the truth . 
  as someone who worked until recently in a warehouse , i have a lot of polish friends , im the best man for my best mates wedding next year ... to a polish woman ... in poland . 
  ive had this conversation of '' do you think things have changed since the referendum ' '' with polish friends and the two polish girlfriends of my good friends ... and all have said no , feels no different . 
  yet one awful case of kids being pricks in the play-ground and this sub jumps on it to show how anti-eu the uk is . 
  i agree their was some bullshit , like the 350 million bus slogan . 
  however , in my circle or friends and everyone i engaged with before the vote ... i would say 90 % had made their minds up long before and nothing was going to change their minds , no fancy slogans or any fear-mongering would make them change . 
  some simply didnt want to be controlled by brussels no matter what it meant for the uk economy , others wanted to remain no matter how bad immigration got ` we should just build more houses , schools , roads etc ' . 
  it was the same on both sides , they didnt care how bad economy got or immigration became , they wanted to leave or remain . 
  how do we have full control over our borders if we cant stop one single person from the eu coming here ? 
  im not even a hater of the eu , i would happily stay if a few tiny changes were made ... not even immigration changes . 
  however , all i ever read on here is how leave told lies ... remain didnt ... or only white lies . 
  and how all remainers are smart and leavers are thick as pig shit ... or old ( er ) and shouldnt have a say . 
  almost everyone in the uk ? 
  so there were 70 million searches ? 
  im active in politics , spend time on a political forum etc so to act as if all brexiteers are stupid and all remainers are not is simply disingenious . 
  not according to the latest polls . 
  are you saying the remain side didnt lie ? 
  `` we can control our borders '' ... no we cant, 
  but most of us know all that . 
  still doesnt mean we want to be controlled by brussells . 
  why are people so pissed off that some of us wish to remain a sovereign nation and not a play-thing or rich european men as they try to create a single country which will never happen . 
  why ? 
  ive just read it ... looks like an eu propaganda leaflet, 
  its time we renamed the irish sea the british sea . 
  buy another one, 
  our cake is far better than european cakes anyway . 
  europa park is one of the worst theme parks ive ever been to ... bar the log flume . 
  ... if you fancy men . 
  hopefully . 
  i would have been open to staying personally ... but having spent time in this sub i dont really want anything to do with you folks . 
  no offence ... 
  never going to happen . 
  still the hottest leader in the eu . 
  we all want tolerable neighbours but its not going to happen , we 've got the french and the irish to put up with . 
  so your now saying the uk has to make a deal against the will of the people . 
  ahhhh eu democracy at its finest . 
  if they dont vote the way you want ... make them vote again and again . 
  doesnt mean anything though does it when 99 % want to remain part of britain . 
  good luck with your countdown to nothing . 
  thats not the office , its the american office . 
  why do you lot always pretned leavers are dumb ? 
  or that they all believed the lies ? 
  most leavers i knew had made their mind up long before the referendum or any lies had been spread ( by either side ) , nothing would change their mind . 
  be ruled by london or be ruled by brussels ... thats the choice . 
  he 'll be hoping a long time, 
  no of course not ... only the third most watched on earth . 
  home of football , cricket , rugby and tennis ... huge for boxing , athletics etc. 
  not just football , only an idiot would say something so ridiculous . 
  edit : so many downvotes ... yet nobody is offering any alternative city . 
  london has more sport than any other city on earth . 
  london wins, 
  debt scotland had got isnt the same as the eu wanting moneynfor future projects long after the uk has gone . 
  puerto rico already did that . 
  might ... but didnt . 
  churchill did . 
  i didnt say he won the war with his own actions . 
  but youre now making up things that didnt happen ... like what if x happened ... but it didnt did it , churchill stepped up while europe rolled over ... i mean ireland were neutral ... we wont even get into de valera and his condolences of hitlers death . 
  but if churchill hadnt got the war machine rolling how would the usa have got across the atlantic without the enigma being broken ? 
  if you look at the ships lost in the atlantic you will see it drops dramatically after the enigma is cracked ... then spikes again in 45 when they change the enigma again towards the end of the war . 
  if it had never been cracked , they would have never got across without massive casualties . 
  how would they have landed in iceland with the bismark and subs patrolling the area uninterrupted by the uk ? 
  because the pm before churchill was chamberlain ... who tried to appease germany , how did that work out ... or would it have worked out if he had continued ? 
  how would the allies ( the usa ) have landed in europe if not for churchill taking over in britain ? 
  ... if we had rolled over like the rest of europe germany would have been in a position to take the ussr fairly easily , leaving europe entirely german controlled . 
  problem with churchill is without him europe wouldnt exist today . 
  it would be the 3rd german empire . 
  what has britain done ? 
  ... save europe during the german 3rd reich . 
  why shouldnt we demand concessions ? 
  germany does . 
  it is a punishment . 
  if we had the euro during the crash in 08 we would have been fucked . 
  the euro is a noose around the necks of many eu nations . 
  its great for germany ... but not many others . 
  you seem to be going full 4th reich here . 
  if we decided to stay and that was forced upon us we simply would n't stay and many remainers would also move to the leave side giving brexit a bigger backing . 
  i reluctantly voted leave ... but part of me hopes we stay but we can get some reform first ... but this is the eu ... so we wont . 
  for me its the best city in germany , love the place . 
  far better than berlin , hamburg etc. 
  well thats bollox . 
  even asda have dozens . 
  yeah but whooped them in 1812 so its all good, 
  where is the queen ?
