  as an irish man how come thr great eu had you begging for handouts ? 
  zzzzzzzz . 
  yeah wanting to run your own country rather than be a german vessel is really xenophobic . 
  only reason germany has resorted to taking over europe through money rather than an army is because thier military is now a flaccid penis, 
  so europe 's past does n't count but the usa does ? 
  hahahaha you europeans do n't what ? 
  is this the same europe that is lead by germany ... a nation that tried to take over europe 70 years ago ... and now on to the 4th reich are doing it through trade and money rather than war machines ? 
  til the uk is the main reason for refugees . 
  i ca n't vote in the usa . 
  so when a politician has an affair ... we all have an affair ? 
  so no actual rebutted then ? 
  we did n't lie ... cameron did ... then quit, 
  because the us owns the eu . 
  nope ... it 's because we sent it across the globe . 
  the pleasure of leaving the german 4th reich is even greater than any monetary value . 
  uk da best . 
  because we elect parties ... not leaders . 
  yeah ... well known one that is . 
  i 'm sure our money will . 
  can you go to . 
  no we could n't . 
  we were tied to europe which stopped us making out own deals . 
  we do n't all own donkeys ya know, 
  well you do ... becauses it will cost you a lot of.money . 
  we will let you continue to use our language and the world wide web . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  fuck off i ca n't take that heat , i would prefer a little north . 
  anywhere away from france is a bonus though, 
  downvote , downvote , downvote ... you ca n't post that here . 
  only negative stuff please . 
  so let me get this right ... the greatest breakfast on earth ... is shit , according to you ? 
  the guy belittling the uk for leaving europe ... while his flair has bavaria instead of germany ? 
  i 'm sure all our money will be . 
  isolation ? 
  opening ourselves up to the world rather than being stuck inside europe is isolation ? 
  huh ? 
  this is great for australians , you wo n't be treated like a second class immigrant behind all those in the eu . 
  so much jealousy in just one post . 
  in 2015 , the euro area spent 1.2 % on defence , 1.3 % if you include the uk . 
  the us ... a smaller nation than the eu 27 or 28 ... spend 3.3 % of gdp on defence ... a whole 2 % more . 
  more than enough ... collectively it spends like 1.3 % of gdp on defence or somewhere around that figure . 
  more than enough ... how many aircraft carriers does it have between 30 odd nations ? 
  yeah but europe ca n't do shit with its flaccid penis . 
  most countries wo n't even hit the 2 % nato spending target and expect the usa to pick up he bill . 
  need to spend money on white flags for the french so that 's a lot.of the budget gone . 
  was obviously reich but autocorrect will do that to you . 
  and what 's wrong with that . 
  4th reach bullying the rest of the eu to do as they say . 
  i was n't even someone who was desperate to leave ... but now i 've so glad we are . 
  in before `` brexit has n't happened yet '', 
  so where does uk come in your list with rolls royce , bentley , jaguar etc. . . ? 
  i just ca n't see how you can rate the usa above the uk . 
  as someone who has an audi q5 2015 ... who 's clutch went after 28,000 miles last week and was told it was n't covered by warranty ... fuck audi and fuck germany . 
  never touch another one of their cars . 
  even so ... when i was in the states i rented a buick ... a car manufacturer you do n't see in europe . 
  and that may have been the shittest thing i ever drove . 
  surely you would still need to.gk to a mechanic if their are problems with them ? 
  cheap cars do well as their are a lot of poor people . 
  or be a colony of berlin via brussels . 
  rather be a yankee star than a german subservant, 
  potatoes tomatoes , how many nations met their 2 % target over the 8 years obama was in power ? 
  these nations in the eu are basically taking the piss not meeting 2 % and expecting another sovereign nation to pay for them . 
  see first thing i wrote, 
  it amazes me that my fellow europeans ca n't see it from his point of view . 
  the usa pays more than just fair share ... and helps protect europe . 
  while most euro nations ca n't even be bothered to meet the 2 % minimum spend . 
  if i was in his shoes ... looking . 
  to also make savings , i would be thinking the same thing , fuck the eu why should they get a free lunch at our expense . 
  what is it ? 
  like 4 eu nations hit the minimal criteria , 4 . 
  it was all hell fire and brimstone , end of days predictions on here and you would have to grow your own cabbage at home as baked beans would be too expensive for most of us, 
  considering most people on here claimed the day we voted out we would all die form starvation , the pound would be worth 0.3 euros and every company would leave the country ... i ca n't say we ai n't doing too bad compared to that prediction . 
  ... in before `` you have n't left yet '' ... that was n't what people on here were saying before the vote . 
  where people claimed by the end of june if we voted out we would have become a wasteland . 
  albufeira is ok . lots of worse places in portugal . 
  albufeira ... british hooligans ? 
  when i 've been there it has been lively but very civilised . 
  why is crete a weed of terrorists ? 
  good ... as someone who owns 20 or more sites ... this eu cookie law was a fucking joke ... and the reason i voted for brexit ( joke ) . 
  kind of . 
  ukip is n't a racist party . 
  sure the left leaning ... which i am on most things , like to paint them with that brush in a hope to discredit them but i 've never heard one racist policy . 
  the united nations is one thing , merkel and berlin is another , , . 
  not at all . 
  i would say merkel telling europe that they have to accept refugees is being told what to do . 
  i 'm not american . 
  do you mean rubbish ? 
  in the shitter ? 
  how is it in the shitter ? 
  i know euphiles hope that happens ... but it wo n't . 
  the word wide web was invented 50 years ago ? 
  why the fuck did n't we use it back in the 60s ? 
  just sit back ... enjoy our harry potter , james bond and 50 shades of grey and eat a bowl of shut it fool . 
  it 's not vague is it . 
  tim berners-lee invented the world wide web . 
  we 've done other great meals ... like lasagne too . 
  no ... you can make any stat you want if you use the criteria . 
  you show me a table that has us behind ireland ... a nation so broke it came begging for a hand out just a couple of years ago . 
  your posting shit like human development index ... you have nations like ireland above us ... a nationn that needed a bail out from us a couple of years ago . 
  it 's laughable .
