  sounda like a goox deal to me . 
  out of the eu , no more eu meddling , no more merkel and her cronies . 
  happy days . 
  arent as loud ? 
  you can hear americans in london from 100 meters away . 
  thats if you dont spot their pulled up socks and ` fanny packs ' first . 
  this figure is being reported by multiple sources now , not even half the quoted 100 billion euros . 
  thats right . 
  i meant trade union . 
  fire extinguishers is simply one very small issue , but shows the bigger picture . 
  when eu law over-rides british law , i have an issue . 
  and i am therefore glad we are leaving , we signed up for a monetary union decades ago , not for berlin , via brussels , tell us what we can or ca n't do . 
  royal flush . 
  we did fuck off thankfully . 
  leave eueope to being german satalite states . 
  you would rather merkel and her cronies make the laws for the uk ? 
  that 's right , 16th least likely country to die in a fire on the planet . 
  i know . 
  the guardian are a shit publication . 
  not sure why it keeps being linked to on here . 
  yeah because thays the reason people voted leave . 
  knew it wouldnt be long before the united eu facade would fall . 
  thia anti-british thread subreddit is becoming tiresome . 
  its r/europe not r/eu . 
  why would i be proud of it ? 
  ... ive got one so im not sure why i would, 
  i am in a union ... the union of the united kingdom, 
  when did i say i was isolationist ? 
  i simply dont wish to be ruled by foreign rich people inside the eu empire . 
  would you be happy.if your highest court was in auckland ? 
  https://www.google.co.uk/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/snoopers-charter-eu-court-ruling-illegal-investigatory-powers-act-emails-david-davis-a7488041.html%3famp left wing extremist eu loving paper, 
  well its not diffuclt to find cases of the ecj supreceding the british courts . 
  takes like 5 seconds to find cases . 
  not true through . 
  the highest law in thr land is now the ecj . 
  youre australian ... would you like it if your laws were created in aucklund ? 
  but is your cholesterol in normal range ? 
  what leave voters moaned about food regulations ? 
  we did moam about some ... stupid ones like the colour of fire extinguishers and driving hours . 
  but getting whooped on 1812 meqns your our bitch again . 
  not as much as retreating in france . 
  right ... \u00e0nd the uk did nothing . 
  got it . 
  but not quite as little as the french ... then again a lot of you were pro nazi anyway, 
  you know youre crying inside . 
  i mean youre on here talking in english, 
  wahhhhhh wahhhhh wahhhh french used to be number one language , now its a dead one nobody cares about . 
  stop with your crying . 
  when we see arretez signs in england ill let you know . 
  if the uk didnt exist , how would the usa have got across the atlantic since it was the uk who captured the enigma ? 
  i suggest you take a look at the atlantic boat losses , losses drop dramatically after the enigma is cracked , then when the germans change it again late in the war , 44 or 45 i cant remember is spikes throgh the roof again . 
  without the uk their would have been no d-day , how the fuck would boats cross the atlantic when german u-boats would have been free to roam ? 
  hiding ? 
  so we wernt sinking the bismark , fighting in north africa , destroying the luftwaffa ? 
   stuff like this : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/dec/09/david-cameron-blocks-eu-treaty again , 7 % of treaties in 20 years . 
  i too can list articles showing france/germany ect voting against the grain . 
  in some cases breaking eu law doing so . 
   the fact that there will never be any kind of eu army or eu defense structure while the uk is in . 
  why would we want germany leading another large army ... as they would as de facto leaders of the eu . 
  we 've had to deal with them twice before . 
   the fact that you guys are still trying to get turkey into the eu . 
  whats the problem , the eu has taken in dozens of other shit holes in the east . 
   the hypocrisy of complaining about the eu expanding too far , too fast while you were one of the biggest ( if not the biggest ) supporters for it , and then using it as a reason for brexit .7 we ? 
  you mean tony scumbag blair , dont remember ever voting for him . 
   and also , how you want the freedom of movement to cease all across the eu , not just towards the uk . 
  do we ? 
  can you show me who ever put that idea forward ? 
  never heard that myself . 
   and last but not least : https://i.redd.it/x4e5putkmv3z.png why would we want to integrate into a failing union and failing currency ? 
  if we had the euro in 2008 we would be bankrupt ... instead we bailed european nations out . 
   do i even need to go on as to why the uk does n't want the eu to exist ? 
  who doesnt want the eu to exist ? 
  first time i heard that . 
  if you want to be a satellite state of berlin thats up to you . 
  many ? 
  who was the only nation standing when the ussa and germany were steam rolling europe ? 
  nevwr heard of vinegar on pizza ... sounds better than frog , snail and horse meat though . 
  shitty food ? 
  are you american ? 
  this isnt ww2 rationing . 
  behind italy and france we have the most meichelin star restauraunts in europe . 
  and yet theyve only ever veoted 7 % of all agreements in the past 20 years, 
  its when i read posts like these im glad i vited leave . 
  unless its the eu ... then they will vote again and again until they get the result they want . 
  how did the uk want to sabotage the eu ? 
  thats the best kind . 
  but its not . 
  and this was about alternative eu cities ... for which none hold a candle to london . 
  hence nobidy wants to leave . 
  everurhing bigger ... except sport , art , music , etc, 
  london is the home of football , biggest sport on earth . 
  5 premier league teams play there ... in thr biggest league on earth . 
  as well as about 8 other professional teams like fulham , qpr etc. 
  its the home of rugby union with twikenham and various rugby teams . 
  its the home of cricket with lords etc. 
  home of tennis and the biggest tennis torunament on earth . 
  thats three of the biggest sports on earth ... and tennis ... admittedly 75 % of cricket fans are in india ... but thats 1 billion people . 
  home of the biggest rowing race on earth . 
  home of the greatest olympic games of all time ... and has many other athletic meets . 
  wont go on about london marathon as its cancelled out by new york .
