  try speaking english in one of those backwards welsh towns . 
  didnt wales vote leave too ? 
  how is it ? 
  good day , but its hard to do for more than a few minutes . 
  have you not seen the usa on st patricks day ... the entire.country are plastic paddies . 
  no its not acceptable that the majority are told they cant celebrate their day because of ` muh racists ' . 
  yeah nobody pisses up the walls on st patricks day ... nobody goes out in ireland football tops etc. 
  what a clown . 
  maybe for you unpatirotic people . 
  for me its the greatest day of the year . 
  no it wont . 
  but the falklands wernt stolen ... argentina wasnt even a country when we first arrived there . 
  infact ... argentina was already owned ... the argenininans ... or spanish as they were stole the land they now love on ... so why dont the argies all leave and go.back to spain ? 
  doesnt make any sense them being argentinian ... its 300 miles away . 
  if we are doing things on proximity then ronaldo should be playing for morocco as he is from madeira . 
  malta should belong to italy , many greek islands are now turkish and the faroe islands british . 
  when we leave the eu should we stop europe benefitting from the uk if you dont pay into the uk ? 
  like with intel ? 
  well thats bullshit ... here 's some stuff we lead the world in . 
  scientific research ... we are 2nd to only the usa , 1st per capita in scientific papers . 
  financial services . 
  tv - ok we dont lead , but 2nd to the usa . 
  bbc alone sold # 1.28 billion pounds worth of tv programs last year . 
  aerospace - again ... not world leader , but 2nd to the usa . 
  literature ... lets be honest the biggest selling books of the past decade or so have been 50 shades and harry potter ... both british . 
  only 7 books outside of religion have ever sold more than 100 million copies ... 5 of those 7 are british . 
  artificial intelligence ... even google deepmind is based in the uk , but then again it was bought from two british guys . 
  world leaders in innovation , the global innovation index has us top 2 the past 5 years . . ahead of germany , usa etc. 
  sport , no nation comes close to the uk , inventors of football , golf , rugby , cricket , tennis , modern boxing , formula one , table tennis etc. 
  no city on earth has as much sport as london . 
  theatre , the only theatre in the world that rivals the uk is broadway , nothing in europe comes close . 
  motorsport , just about every f1 team is based in the uk . 
  universities ... germany doesnt even have one in the top 50 , england has 3 in the top 10 . 
  video games ... again , 2nd in the world but 1st in europe , not even close . 
  grand theft auto , tomb raider , football manager , little big planet , fable , gildeneye etc movies ... third in the world to bollywood and hollywood but no nation in europ comes close ... look how many movies are.filmed here outside of english stuff like bond and potter . 
  star wars ... all filmed here , indian jones ... too may to list to be honest , you probably dont even realise unless you look.for a list . 
  traveling on a plane ... hard . 
  learning a language ... easy . 
  got it . 
  eu now sticking its nose into national elections ... 
  then we shouldnt be paying membership, 
  i would blame idiots that believe braveheart is a true representation . 
  i mean where wasntye part where he locked women and children in a church and burnt it down near chillingham castle ? 
  movie missed that bit ... 
  well surely it will . 
  if may wins big then she has thr nations backing and brought the country together, 
  not really the same thing is it . 
  the reason is we are.no longer dictated to by merkel and the german empire . 
  we can now do as we please . 
  a country like ireland that has multiple votes when the government doesnt get the right answer caring about its citizens is laughable . 
  brexit did win . 
  various studies ... not lloyds then . 
  saved europe twice from the german empire ... now we are leaving you to it . 
  i dont , the oecd do . 
  maybe if you didnt live by the myth of american ww2 stereotypes you would n't find it so hard to believe . 
  to be fair ... the irish have always been behind german empires havent you ? 
  i mean look at ww2 ... ireland couldnt wait 3 seconds before de valera was mourning the loss of hitler . 
  ... but hes scottish ... with more michelin stars than most small eu nations . 
  whats delusional about facts ? 
  funny how its always merkel repreaenting europe , euros like to pretend every nation is equal , but lets be honest ... its just another german empire . 
  the irish football team would be fucked, 
  you cant become posh , her kids can be ... she cant if she was born in a normal house to a normal family . 
  ask fishermen and lorry drivers . 
  brown teeths ? 
  according to the oecd the british have the best teeth in europe . 
  the daughter of a vicar ... hardly posh . 
  who in the country thinks brexit has happened ? 
  this seems like something the guardian would spew out . 
  you know ... mclaren , i mean they do have an f1 team . 
  and if you havent heard of tvr , lotus or ac cobra then i suggest you know fuck all about cars . 
  you obviously know fuck all about cars if you dont know anything about lotus , mclaren , tvr etc, 
  the guardian has become the most tiresome paper/website on earth . 
  just continious anti-brexit stories being churned out every 15 minutes . 
  their are dozens , from ac to mclaren , morgan to tvr . 
  generally not . 
  i post on my phone while at work , strict no phones policy as its a construction site and we are 4 floors up . 
  therefore you look/post quick as being caught on your phone , anywhere on site is instant dismissal . 
  their was yesterday, 
  or if reddit wasnt using thr british invented world wide web . 
  euros trying to expand their empire to singapore now ? 
  if the fans had been rnglish this would have hundreds of upvotes and hundreds of comments slagging them off . 
  no the real reason is all our real hooligans are stuck at home , having to hand in their passports at their local police stations before england games ... and have had to.do that for years . 
  if russias hooligans all handed in their passports before international games . . they would be left with fringe-hooligans and thats it ... which is what england has . 
  good . 
  wish they would do it in england ... as well as halal slaughter houses . 
  de jure de\u026a \u02c8j\u028a\u0259re\u026a , di\u02d0 \u02c8d\u0292\u028a\u0259ri / adverb 1 . according to rightful entitlement or claim ; by right . 
  `` the resolution declared that the independent republic of latvia proclaimed on november 18 , 1918 was still in existence de jure '' synonyms : by right , rightfully , legally , according to the law ; more adjective 1 . existing or holding a specified position by legal right . 
  `` he had been de jure king since his father 's death '' i beg your pardon ? 
  rightful entitlement, 
  i know what de jure means . 
  you know and i know merkel is the supreme leader of the 4th german empire, 
  the de jure leader in merkel and you know it, 
  so you are denying germany are the leader of the eu ? 
  lets start there . 
  what did i just say which wasnt true ? 
  delusional ? 
  yeah because eu cohesion is really strong right now , right ? 
  prefer the usa to germany to be honest, 
  that wasnt the point was it . 
  the point was making.out that russia had mma/boxing elite level fighters ... which it doesnt .
