  the lefties all want mass immigration , they love it ... but remaining part of the eu empire means your also an imperialist as well as big business supporter, 
  that 's why we are leaving ... gon na start the bsa . 
  do n't need no euros . 
  pay an average of 1.2 % on defence and fail to meet their nato spending target every single year ... but want to spend money on space . 
  no wonder trump thinks the eu takes the piss . 
  not according to wikipedia , geography.com or picturebritain.com, 
  the actual name of the sovereign state we are talking about is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ( uk ) . 
  the united kingdom is made up of the countries england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  should n't the eu be some weak guy with a limp dick, 
  they became big because they went to the usa ? 
  how did rowling go to the usa ... she lived in bristol then.moved to edinburgh with her scottish husband . 
  world league ... nope , every country has a league , england 's is just the biggest . 
  poor ? 
  international cricket rankings ... england number 1 , rugby rankings , england number 2 , andy murray number 1 in tennis , fifa rank england 13 , wales 12 . 
  terrible . 
  should also have said inventors of boxing ... which we have more world champs than any other nation on earth right now . 
  nothing slimey about him . 
  how was their success enabled by the usa ? 
  you mean they hopped on the bandwagon ... later than most other nations ... and they became big their too . 
  how about world 's biggest sports league , english premier league ... as well as being home of football , rugby , cricket and tennis . 
  yes because soft power all comes.from the eu right ? 
  i mean adele could n't become the biggest selling music artist in the world.and rowling could n't become the biggest selling author in the world without the eu ... amirite ? 
  i can only assume you 're an eu loving impearlist, 
  the fact that this comment gets down voted ... when he obviously is a great orator ... shows just how butt hurt many euros and remoaners are . 
  uk ... we should be pared with hawaii or alaska ... since we do n't really want anything to do with you mainlanders . 
  i would take hawaii as the change in weather would be welcoming ... but then i do like fish ... and igloos, 
  ... surely ireland and italy would be ahead of you in the queue . 
  global influence . 
  we have been rated number one soft power like 4 times in the past 10 years . 
  i know the lefties like to talk us down and wish we were like rwanda ... but we are not . 
  how are we only surviving ? 
  does australia only survive ? 
  does canada only survive ? 
  hardly . 
  i mean 180 nations survive outside the eu ... 176 of which have a smaller economy than the uk . 
  thankfully put a nail in the eus coffin, 
  i know this should be renamed the anti british sub ... but he 's now.met 3 national leaders in 3 days . 
  the hate is unreal , we know we left your shitty club and you are butt hurt ... but your whinging is getting really boring . 
  we also had a smaller military , were 3000 miles from home and lost less men than the usa ... while also running the us out of canada . 
  you mean the break he asked for and didnt get ? 
  instead he got some watered down nothing of a deal which in the end was the reason we voted leave . 
  your country is also much larger in size though . 
  over a 3rd larger in total square km . 
  ... we won in 1812, 
  as the world 's greatest soft power we have far too many too choose from . 
  fear what ? 
  nothing to fear, 
  so why should we pay more than others per capita ? 
  that 's right . 
  give us a good deal ... or feel the force . 
  italy and france rank lower ... i know.lets turn it into to another anti-british thread . 
  but europe is a continent not a country and it ca n't agree on anything . 
  exactly . . . the eu is 30 odd countries pretending to be one ... yet every nation fights for themselves making trade deals almost impossible . 
  probably because the eu is a limp dick, 
  boris the american ? 
  those countries will trade with the uk though ... why wouldnt they want to trade with the 5th largest economy ? 
  so now youre saying the british tax payer should pay for another nations stuff ? 
  while the uk suffers with lack of funding ? 
  the problem was bringing in third world countries to a union with first world economies . 
  ok so we allow 300,000 per year to continue to arrive ... add a city the size of leicester to the uk every single year and how exactly do we continue with this trend ? 
  its not sustainable . 
  well predicting cant be that easy ... considering the government at the time expected 26,000 between 2004 and 2006 from eastern europe ... ended up with over 430,000 . 
  nobody said we would let them all in, 
  ... but how can we be nostalgic about something nobody was alive for ? 
  it 's something i keep hearing ... but it makes no sense . 
  if anything ... most people are anti-empire , as the youth of today are all left wing snowflakes . 
  happy to reform visa restrictions with india . 
  happy to do it with all commonwealth countries . 
  much rather have close ties with them than the eu . 
  for some reason euros find this strange ... but how many of you live next door to your best friends ? 
  we were in a union out of location ... nothing more . 
  the only people who talk about the empire is non britons funnily enough . 
  take and take ? 
  minus the 10 billion we give the eu each year . 
  but surely that 's one immigration is ... take unlimited people from the eu or else you wo n't be a member ... even though it affects your country far more than almost any other . 
  if you did n't give a fuck every second thread on r/europe would n't be brexit related . 
  so tell me how services and housing ( which the government is partly to blame for by under funding ) can be planned for in the future when you have no control over numbers ? 
  last year it was 300,000 or so immigrants ( i ca n't look so i 'll use that number as a guess ) how can we plan anything if we do n't know if next year we will have 50,000 or 500,000 ? 
  surely it 's europe who are bing unreasonable ? 
  we tried to put a limit on immigration and we 're told we could n't even though it was breaking services , causing housing shortages etc etc. 
  it 's ok when your hungary or portugal , you do n't get the mass immigration the uk gets/got . 
  one size does n't fit all , the scottish always go on about how they are pro immigration ... yet look how much uk immigration goes to scotland ... fuck all . 
  it 's still an almost entirely white country too . 
  then go to x city in the uk and you 'll see why peoplen2ant to put an end to it when they live in a city that no longer resembles england or the place they were brought up in . 
  what 's wrong with that . 
  all the euro lovers seem happy to punish the uk . 
  he 's being honest ... punish the uk ... and we become a tax haven on the eu doorstep . 
  it has n't happened yet . 
  and barclays have said this morning they are not moving . 
  like the usa , canada , australia , china etc yeah ? 
  if you use apple products you deserve to be robbed . 
  you get robbed at every turn . 
  no ... could have been a temporary break or limit on immigration , anything really . 
  but cameron went with the threat of brexit behind him to the eu and came back with nothing whatsoever . 
  which shows the eu is rigid and unworkable , inflexible . 
  and seeing as most people wanted some sort of reform ( in various areas ) , people gave up , the eu is a dinosaur , it wo n't change . 
  it likes to pretend one rule will suit all , it wo n't , and it does n't . 
  this is the best the euros can come up with ... hurting that we have left their german club they bring up empire ... which none of us were even alive for ... and act as if we miss it . 
  how the fuck do you miss something you never had ... youre the ones in a german empire . 
  yes they lied ... as did remain ... as did other euro nations ... as did obama when he said we would be at the back of the queue .
