  hes one of us . 
  who the fuck wants power in berlin ... sorry , brussels . 
  people vote for what they see personally . 
  do you think people in newcastle vote for.whats happening in leicester or london . 
  no , so its obviously something thats bothering a lot of people , of course calling all leavers dumb , racist , xenophobes doesnt help . 
  of course it is unavoidable . 
  its only unavoidable if one side says so . 
  i doubt the irish will get any day ... be down to the overlords in brussels . 
  doesnt make peoples experiences any less true . 
  unfortunately stats dont vote , people do . 
  and thats why we are leaving . 
  you wont be too far behind us france , i mean its sad seeing the french lick the paws of germany like a dog . 
  i worked in france for a while , great country , apart from paris which is shit . 
  its a shame to see how far you have fallen . 
  no , it said ireland shoumd have special status because of the border . 
  you should worry more about the health of the eu . 
  no youre not , your overlords sit in brussels , dictated by berlin . 
  what , multiple eu officials and leaders havent said that we must end up worse off.for the sake of the eu ? 
  yes , no as pathetic as veing subservant to your german overlords . 
  all or nothing mindset is what caused the referendum with regards to the eus stance on immigration . 
  like the eu itself . 
  so scared the uk may end up looking good that the eu is doing its best to hurt us ... so.nobody else decides to leave the elitist club . 
  so voted over and over . 
  maybe remainers should get a vote on how we leave since they didnt get their result . 
  delaying because you kept telling us we were not allowed to negotiate anything until article 50 was triggered . 
  shows how shit the eu is , you cant get people to stay because its a good institution so you have to.force them . 
  hopefully we can revert back to just england . 
  did we vote no ... then vote again until we got the result elites wanted ? 
  plebs . 
  nobody ever said that though did they . 
  they did however predict end of days stuff for the uk . 
  we would go if you didnt try and make it as hard as possible for us to leave . 
  not at all . 
  i just find it funny that a nation which went bankrupt because of the eu and required a bailout by the uk , a little stupid talking about how great the eu is . 
  not to mention you had to have multiple votes ... well two . 
  because you didnt vote the way the elites wanted you to vote . 
  we 'll leave you some bailout money by the door when we leave . 
  lets be honest , we all know ireland will need it . 
  we could keep having referendums over and over until we get the result our elites want from us plebs like ireland ... or we could just leave . 
  but i thought the uk would be bankrupt with brexit ? 
  do you not realise that the uk will now be able to offer lower tax rates etc etc and take businesses out of the eu . 
  for me as a 17 year old . 
  meaning when i was 17 . 
  im not 17 now . 
  i was born in 82 . 
  if you re-read that comment i made you will see i was talking about the day luis figo moved to madrid ... which was in 2000 or 2001 . 
  funny that my shitty car ( never buying audi again ) was recalled just back in november because of your german emission scandle . 
  remind me never to buy german again . 
  lost that on your wife . 
  your vw ... that is cheating emissions for profit . 
  i didnt lose anything . 
  how would we be speaking bavaraian , germany had given up taling the uk long before the usa sent forces over . 
  small loses ... wiping out their airforce and destroying their flagship boat . 
  the usa wouldnt have even been able to get actoss the atlantic if it wasnt for the uk inventing radar and cracking the enigma . 
  the usa wasnt involved when we destroyed the luftwaffer , sunk the bismarck and whooped rommels german forces all over north africa . 
  infact germany had pulled back and given up trying to take the uk . 
  but if american movies is your history teacher i can see why you would think that . 
  yes . 
  wars it won . 
  yes, 
  nope . 
  the british empire was never defeated like the germans . 
  we arnt a flaccid penis like the german military . 
  the eu is the german empire . 
  you failed militarily time and time again , now youve taken the capatalism route . 
  fucking nations over to keep germany as top dog . 
  look at greece , spain , italy . 
  no im not joking . 
  enjoy your failed empire . 
  no doubt about it . 
  the uk still has those tendancies , just as germany has . 
  even today you bully the smaller nations around in your `` club '' , thankfully we are leaving and other will follow . 
  are you forgetting the british empire wasnt just england ? 
  because germany will always be germany . 
  4th reich in waiting . 
  scotlands green energy is.subsidised by england . 
  the shit the guardian spews . 
  no borders , no country . 
  one planet bollox, 
  my opinion is the guardian is shit . 
  my comment was an opinion piece . 
  and if you had been given a referendum ? 
  its a shit rag . 
  articles like the british flag design looks racist . 
  joke of a paper, 
  guardian needs to go to , left wing extremism . 
  fake news, 
  germans reverting to full on empire mode again it seems . 
  the uk is a voluntary union . 
  i think cherry tomatoes were also being rationed like bread in ww2 . 
  was the whole of new york designed by a dutchman ? 
  world wide web was invented by tim berners lee . 
  im assuming you are to retarded to know the difference between internet and world.wide web . 
  so irrelevant you are using their language and the british invented world wide web . 
  support for a second referndum . 
  not support leave . 
  in which case the uk should medal in catalonia . 
  they have been rationed in the uk , because spanish vegetables are having an awful time and they are not producing as much . 
  british architect ... why would franco go before british . 
  its a british bridge built in france .
