norway - not cold are you even trying , norway ? 
  this is the most italian thing i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  yeah but it 's the opposite now . 
  eu is joining turkey, 
  it will not . 
  sadly . 
  wow . 
  i 'm turkish too and i never thought of any of these . 
  i 'm enlightened . 
  turkey is slowly becoming like iran and saudi arabia . 
  do n't worry , visit turkey again 10 years later and you 'll see . 
  turkey is the exact opposite of western . 
  if you do n't hear from me again , tell my mum that i love her . 
  farewell friends . 
  i do n't know if i 'm allowed to to think that this video is hilarious . 
  i blame someone tall . 
  should i be happy that i 'm still alive in this god damn country ? 
  well i 'm not saying that western imperialism and global capitalism has anything to do with it . 
  the first time i agree with trump . 
  i bet if you were in my place , you would save the country . 
  i do n't even react anymore . 
  i lost all my senses . 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  wait what ? 
  do we have submarines ? 
  huh . 
  did n't know . 
  i wonder which particular group of people the attacker belongs to . 
  i already know the answer . 
  this country is so fucked up there is no way to fix it anymore . 
  i wo n't forgive those who did this . 
  hey are you guys still accepting refugees ? 
  asking for ... a school project . 
  ha ha . 
  yes i am . 
  i do n't want to assume anything with the current poor information we have . 
  i will wait for more statements and information to come . 
  for now , since i dislike you-know-who person a lot , i just want this to end in a best scenario for us , and with a bad scenario for him . 
  edit : a lot of people say this is a fake scenario by the government to serve as some kind of propaganda or something i do n't even know . 
  what the hell i 'm going to bed . 
   eh , either way its going to be pretty entertaining . 
  to be honest , politics and everything is so messed up here , even i do n't know what the hell is actually going on . 
  i ca n't really inform you for now . 
  we need to wait for more information and statements to come . 
  i do n't know how to react or what to say . 
  military coup is officially declared . 
  i do n't even know how to react . 
  they look cool . 
  yeah it would be racist to ban muslims who are responsible for almost all of the sex offences . 
  let 's ban all the males instead . 
  no no let 's ban all the humans since it 's humans who are commiting the crimes . 
  happy independence day !, 
  to celebrate , i will rush b all day !, 
  oh my god this is a new level of embarrassing . 
  shh we are not allowed to understand things . 
  a few reasons . 
  people in tourism sector ( hotel , restaurant , bar owners , vendors etc. ), 
  think nothing but unfairly robbing the tourists , people got a lot ruder in general , public transportation is a nightmare , taxi drivers are terrible , radicalisation , terror threats , corruption etc. 
  i changed an indian friend 's mind to visit turkey with his family as well . 
  stay away for your own sake . 
  edit : my grammar is terrible please help . 
  what i mean is , they wanted to visit and i said do n't visit . 
  turkey : apologize for the genocide !, 
  turkey : independence for kurdistan . 
  i expected an explosion at the end . 
  disappointed . 
  religion is not a race . 
  this is an embarrassment . 
  whooops i thought it was french . 
  i 'm sorry man :(, 
  yes it was awesome . 
  bloodcells version was even better . 
  i did n't know this was french though . 
  i guess french cartoons made my childhood . 
  these , asterix , ~ ~ tintin ~ ~ , cedric . . cedric is my favourite though . 
  that fucking nicolas ... 
  i do n't understand this :( can you explain the joke ? 
  do spanish people count knowing other spanish languages as knowing a foreign language ? 
  like a person from basque can speak both basque and castilian or a person from galicia might live in valencia and learn valencian so he 'll be speaking 3 languages . 
  do they count these as knowing a foreign language ? 
  no coring cost , accepted culture , accepted religion . 
  i would go for it . 
  someone get me out of this country jesus christ . . not one day going to bed without anything bad happening in the country . 
  arabs and kurds as well i guess . 
  i am a mix of arabic and kurdish ancestry . 
  heavily arabic . 
  how ? 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  can you pm me some info ? 
  lol sweden became muslim . 
  do you guys think finns party will have an increase in votes with this new guy ? 
  or will the votes fall ? 
  if so , where do you think the votes will go to ? 
  thank you this is very nice explanation . 
  can someone eli5 this to me ? 
  because i did n't really understand anything and i 'm curious . 
  can confirm . 
  most of them ca n't even speak kindergarten level english . 
  leave aside browsing reddit . 
  so what do you suggest we replace it with ?
