rebel realising they downed an airliner . 
  so not russia . 
  if countries are now going to start getting into legal disputes for backing rebels , the likes of the us , uk etc are fucked . 
  so if they have the evidence to make russia face legal action , why do n't they release it . 
  bit late now is n't it germany , already damage has been done . 
  should have been done years ago . 
  they really want british people to vote no . 
  i had to laugh last night at channel 4 , they showed the pictures of what were happening with the riots / attacking the police etc at the hungarian border . 
  then proceeded to say : `` not content with building a fence to stop the refugee 's , police resort to gassing and wetting them '', 
  yeah ... ` refugees ' . 
  fuck the eu then and fuck germany if they even attempt to start this . 
  they 're escaping a warzone , if they do n't like water and food at these camps and the billions being spent to look after them , they can go back to the warzone they came from . 
  that 's a lot of people abandoning the their countries instead of fighting for them . 
  if you 're trying to get from one safe country to another , you 're no longer a refugee . 
  yeah , in the north all i saw was cloud and rain . 
  huh , as opposed to the very large propaganda war against russia from much of europe and the us ? 
  why is it relevant that these are after 9/11 ? 
  wow , what a disgusting human being erdogan is . 
  is this really the best the turks had to vote for ? 
  would have found themselves shot dead very quickly if it was in israel . 
  merkel brought it on herself . 
  really wish france would just do something about this permanently , they have let it go on far too long . 
  can not really just allow her to stay , would set a dangerous precedent , despite her age she should n't and can not get special treatment . 
  going by this definition , every man and woman has been harassed . 
  you alright pet ? 
  bunch of morons , hope they get prison . 
  come on france , do better than you 're currently doing !, 
  the posters that were released to explain that law all say `` he did , he does and he has '' . 
  not one of them saying that a female can be abusive . 
  shot down by rebels *, 
   just like how they did n't shoot down mh17 , so is this like a thing now , people genuinely think russia shot mh17 down ? 
   only one who bent over for russia . 
  as opposed to bending over for the european union or nato ? 
  so he probably has advisers there helping the rebels . 
  like certain western countries do in the middle east . 
  how does ukraine even run itself when it 's parliament is like this ? 
  the french have to start doing more in calais . 
  fully expect the russians to try exterminate all rebels in that area , especially for trying to shoot the two pilots in their parachutes . 
   life imprisonment is much more fitting of a sentence for them . 
  should we really waste money to keep them in prison for the rest of their life though ? 
  not even noticed that the porn filters are currently already in use . 
  oh merkel , well done on your fuck up . 
  curious on how many crimes by refugee 's as well . 
  as opposed to the us military actually shooting planes out of the sky ? 
  i see plenty of people acting as if this has n't happened to the us ... no one confirming this though , not even iranians . 
  why do i read the ` independent ' comment section on facebook , makes me want to reply every damn time to a stupid comment . 
  referendum 's until remain gets the result they want !, 
  unsurprisingly with this subreddit , a positive story to do with the uk gets heavily downvoted . 
  corbyn really chooses his friends well . 
  she has a mountain to climb . 
  why is something good only 79 % upvoted ? 
  funny that , coming from someone from the usa . 
  you can probably blame that scum bag erdo\u011fan for peoples opinion of turkey too . 
  ah yes , spreading false stories . 
  completely a russian only weapon . 
  down to 79 % now , still early though but i would n't be surprised to see it drop to the early 70 's , but 81 % is still pretty heavily down voted . 
  it 's not misleading at all , he is meant to be a ` straight talking ' politician according to his fan boys and girls yet this is the answer he gave in a very simple question . 
   western european nato members would be willing to risk war over any of the new allies in the east if it comes to that the thing is nato is in a way just like having a nuclear deterrent , it 's important to act as if you would use them . 
  so saying or not saying you will help a fellow alliance country takes out that deterrent . 
   that said , / r/unitedkingdom is n't particularly pro corbyn . 
  it is massively pro corbyn , all negative posts about him get heavily downvoted . 
  fuck off blm , extremely minor problems in the uk these days , something like blm will just make problems . 
  can add `` blame muslims for every terrorist attack until further news about attack '' to 2016 . 
  denied asylum and allowed to stay in germany a year later . . what the fuck germany ? 
  the people that voted leave are just as big of a fault . 
  can we swap scotland with catalonia ? 
  this is a good reason to invade poland . 
   but `` dick '' is fine ? 
  spotted dick = a british pudding , that is probably why it was n't beeped out . 
  agreed mostly but only the russians and french have had groups that are there for a fight and are organised / trained . 
  that was french ultras , threatened they would beat up the english just before the tournament . 
  but even then , it does n't show what happened prior , could quite easily of been attacked first and is n't the type to stand down and run away . 
  more chance of the americans fixing their gun laws than we are of changing eu laws . 
  the eu is fucking stupid . 
  can not blame them really , being part of the british isle 's after all . 
  typical spanish , always with the sabre rattling over gibraltar . 
   from a former tory minister should have meant it should have been a non-story , but the media have whipped into into something hilariously large . 
  it 's been a negative cess pit since the 2015 general election , it 's turned into a lefty politics circle jerk that downvotes any opinion that goes against the ` hive mind ' . 
  such a shit place these days due to the politics ( that should be in / ukpol for the good of both ) . 
  trolls should just be ignored as usual , instead of resorting to hating the uk . 
  it will and should be used as leverage , every other bloody thing will be used from the eu anyway, 
  / r/europe has decided to hate the uk ever since the referendum to be fair . 
  it has became buzzfeed ... but worse when it comes to real news . 
  he also fought in ww1 . 
  really do n't understand his churchill comment . 
  the majority of scot 's do n't want a new referendum until after brexit so it wo n't make a difference . 
  well , disappointing . 
  oh well , time to move on and make the best of it . 
  hopefully eu & uk and come to the best possible terms for each other in fair deals . 
  course it would n't . 
  the majority of scots do n't want a referendum until after brexit . 
  may as well be `` you 're either with us or against us '' . 
   but they did an an excellent job when it came to murdering civilians !, 
  not as good as the ira . 
  so do we even know what this supposed bill is for ? 
  as in every detail . 
  juncker seems like a complete prat . 
  all the us is demanding is european countries pay their fair share . 
  i wonder how accurate the uk data is , especially with ` fewer britons living in eu than previously thought ' study from this year . 
  the referendum was for the whole of the uk , not individual parts to pick and decide , if they do n't like how the referendum ended up .
