one of the few instances i would agree with this statement . 
  yes , mehmet and abdul got that guy good . 
  surely there can be other , perhaps more * permanent * measures to stop this from spreading further ? 
  disgusting , i would rather have our tax money go to people that deserve it . 
  these people deserve a bullet and no more . 
  reddit would probably defend taking creepshots of unaware children because `` they did n't do the real thing '' . 
   now they 're being used to keep track of all kinds of offenses . 
  wow so bad . 
  you seem to think it is bad that a few years ago a bunch of cameras were put down . 
  why ? 
  how can you oppose cameras in public places ... 
  it has less to do with the us , and more with changing demographics in europe . 
  obviously historic figures do n't represent them , which is something only a fool would believe in . 
  if you grew up in africa or whatever , you would n't identify with that past either . 
  that 's why they should n't be in the country to begin with . 
  society is a racial construct . 
   edit : its a joke , guys . 
  we do n't spit on france , we spit on mass immigration . 
  [ it 's sad really ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gfn3hdd.png ), 
  the swiss / swiss people, 
  not that i know . 
  we also say `` zwitsers '' and not `` zwitserlanders '', 
  wicky is for 7-12 year olds and it 's meh at best . 
  [ when will british police protect their people ? 
  sweden 's counter strategy is liberalism ? 
  well , there is a difference between us and them . 
  this land is ours . 
  [ #hijabuppropet ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=hijabuppropet&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiw98fx6knvahxmdcakhcgmarcq_auicigb&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=928 ), 
  again , i would argue there is a difference between 1 . 
  poland recieving eu money 2 . 
  giving benefits to largely unskilled immigrants . 
  given that poland 's economy has grown , whereas most immigrants do n't become a net contributor . 
  this is called an investment , contrary to what handing out money to unskilled immigrants is . 
  are poles not allowed to criticize other nations because poland gets money from the eu ? 
  how are polish people leeches ? 
  at least here , they have a lower ( 2 % ) gov. 
  aid rates compared to natives ( 3 % ) . 
  and there have been many stories about polish people underpaid for hard work , so what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  can you even read ? 
  1.5 shekels have been transferred to your bank account . 
  i mean yeah , i am racist , but stopping mass immigration is n't . 
  https://twitter.com/unmigration/status/878711844260651008 you subscribe to the #formigration narrative ? 
  whether it is or not , i do n't know exactly , but it should be . 
  i do n't want europe to become black , islamic or whatever . 
  you probably do n't either . 
  but if you do n't do something , it is going to become your reality whether you want it to be or not . 
  everyone can have their culture in their own place , we have ours here . 
  you say that like it 's bad . 
  the difference is that this is about our continent , you ca n't equate it with military operations in other countries . 
  the only solution i want is a complete stop in immigration from africa and if the eu and ngo 's are working against that then far right is the only way to go . 
  if they knew no one was going to pick them up and ship them to europe , they would n't try . 
  but these ngo 's literally wait a few km off the coast to pick them up , meaning that future groups will do it again . 
  no one wants mass immigration , and you would think the eu would listen , but still we have to deal with people like timmermans . 
  these groups are literally a result of eu inaction , and you think the eu will solve it . 
  they are n't even endangering them , since they pick them up a few miles off the coast , they are inviting them to come here . 
  the only reason they have to do something is because ngo 's are ademant about shipping more and more migrants here . 
  if they changed their mind , things would calm down . 
  my world is n't shit . 
  i go to university , i have friends and i probably will be succesful . 
  i am happy , and i want to keep that happiness . 
  if you take a weak stance ( `` oh i do n't care , it does n't hurt me '' ) you 're just delaying your execution . 
  `` hard times create strong men . 
  strong men create good times . 
  good times create weak men . 
  weak men create hard times . '', 
  they 're not all evil , muslims are in many ways better than liberals , they just need their own country just like we do . 
  `` small '' percentages can already generate massive culture changes , especially in the west where liberals invite it . 
  and not just culture , multicultural cancer puts a strain on the welfare state . 
  welfare state increasingly means : give your money over to bl * cks and muslims so they wo n't tear your country apart . 
   people have the right to representation , even if they are people you do n't have a soft spot for . 
  everyone has their own spot on the earth . 
  we can decide to become islamic or not , if we force islam out , i have zero problems with that . 
  it is only because stupid millenials and old people have voted to get these guys in that we need to remove them . 
  it 's actually already happening in the netherlands nida ( rotterdam ) islam democraten ( den haag ) partij van de eenheid ( den haag ) denk ( national ) , 3 seats in government . 
  turkish/islamic party, 
  what are you going to say in 20 years ? 
  old news, 
  i do n't equate anything , but it is fundamentally related . 
  some of you guys have realised it 's very painful for an 8 year old boy so you come up with the genius plan to ~ ~ stop doing it ~ ~ do it right after birth . 
  here comes the turk lecturing others while living in a country where 99 % of boys is circumcised, 
  men and women are n't equal and therefor i do n't have to say the same thing in a reversed situation . 
  a reversal does n't make much sense considering more men do physical jobs , but what kind of jobs would women do more than men , if they would n't go to university ? 
  but if women decide to not go to university , leading to a 60-40 in favour of men , but do something honourable instead i have 0 problems with it . 
  [ when all your gender pay gap arguments have been refuted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydqo5q-kgwq ), 
  i 'll say that school favours girls in many ways , starting very young , and that will have an impact on university demographics . 
  other than that , i do think it 's your own choice . 
  do you think it 's bad if a man chooses not to go to university ? 
  do n't you dare accuse me of being a feminist . 
  there are jobs which do not require a university degree , but need to be done . 
  there is no shame in doing these jobs . 
  men are more suited for these jobs because they are stronger . 
  also going to university is not honourable per se , only if your study is honourable and you perform well . 
  only if you think 50/50 is the goal . 
  but guess what , university is n't elementary school , it is n't mandatory for everyone and if some more men than women choose not to go , that 's fine . 
  the gap is not that big , and sometimes gaps are natural . 
  for many jobs , mostly physical , you do n't need a university degree . 
  this explains the number difference , which actually is not that significant ( 59-41 ) . 
  as for what women study vs what men study : this is a natural thing if you let both men and women choose what they want . 
  it is not unnatural that women go in a more social direction , with more human interaction . 
  biologically women are better than men at that .
