  you 're not going to force boys/men to do a study that is dominated by women , and you 're not going to force girls/women to do a study dominated by men . 
  t. male univeristy student, 
  this is not the fault of americans . 
  it is the fault of the people who voted to get these people in , and now are surprised when they demand stuff . 
  race heavily correlates with culture . 
  '' `` likeable '' '', 
  he has lots of money and uses it to fund marxist organizations that , among other things , want to increase immigration and are anti-israel . 
  that is a direct threat to israel , and a direct threat to europe , but supposedly we are `` lunatic , headcases , trump supporters '', 
  it 's a tragedy that ngos can just ship them here without being stopped , and that the un supports that . 
  should have put the flag in the casket , where it belongs . 
  https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_democraten https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nida https://partijvandeeenheid.nl/, 
   my consent what ? 
  the only consent that matters is the boys ' , which is never . 
  you expect me to take you serious ? 
  i still do n't know . 
  a year ago i was definitely pro eu reform ( when they said they were going to take a different course to stop '' `` populism '' '' ) , but since then they have changed absolutely nothing . 
  regardless of yes or no eu , europeans need to work together . 
  ideally we could use the eu for that , but as long as people like timmermans are in control it might be wishful thinking . 
  some of them are now suprised when multiple islamic parties are being set up in municipal/national elections , but then have the audacity to still go on with their life as before , as if there is n't a fucking timebomb ticking right next to them . 
  it seems like we really need to sink much lower in this pile of shit before they realize they were traitors all along . 
  no , the majority is not supporting this , but many are not aware either and will realise too late . 
  it 's just that these marxists have gain control of powerful positions and using them while the public is oblivious . 
  with the power the eu has over borders , they are responsible for who gets in . 
  why do you think italy is only threatening ? 
  they know ngo 's and the ( current ) eu will take action against them . 
  if the majority of the europeans do n't want this , why is the eu sueing countries who refuse to take them in ? 
  why have n't they found a solution yet to the ngos whose plans are to take an unlimited amount of people into this continent ? 
  it better come quick . 
  the replacement agenda is in [ full force ] ( https://twitter.com/unmigration/status/878711844260651008 ), 
  no , ngo 's and the eu do n't want that . 
  eu = / = europe, 
  if one knows his chances are 0 he wo n't do it . 
  but if he knows there is a chance ( however small ) he will make it , he will try . 
  the only way to stop them is to make a full stop . 
  if they made clear they would n't help , noone would try and noone would die . 
  if you reach your hand and save someone and make others die you 're indirectly responsible . 
  the eu is n't trying to be combine the countries , it 's trying to become it 's own country with power over the european continent . 
  but that would n't even be bad in all situations , if the people that represent the eu were decent . 
  but what these traiters like verhofstad and timmermans want to do is a collective suicide for europe . 
  seeing as it will only go more in that direction we have to stop and kill the eu before more damage is done . 
  maybe it is trivial , but it appears like you do n't even understand the most trivial things then . 
  you literally said `` there is no loss of sovereignty in the eu '' , which even an eu federalist would laugh at . 
  the entire eu revolves around doing away with nationalities and national interests , an eu army is the same . 
  kek . 
  the way the eu will operate with their army ( should there ever be one , please no ) will definitely go against the will of many countries . 
  we know this just from the way the eu operates in general . 
  as long as the eu has an open border policy and wo n't remove dismissed immigrants from the continent , they will see an opportunity and keep coming . 
  you think too much in your ideological utopia . 
  we will see the negative reactions or a total lack of reactions from the actual muslims . 
  how arrogant and marxist are you to suppose that these people , who are , along with their ancestors , responsible for the state of the islamic countries , will change their mind and suddenly become liberal upon seeing the glorious western society ? 
  sovereignty of your army is way more important . 
  we can see the failing of the eu around borders , you ca n't let that control your defenses . 
  there is no problem for you and us , but it is not going to work for the islamic world and therefore , it wo n't change muslims . 
  the protestant reformation came from within , unlike this . 
  it will not have any affect on any muslim country . 
  her thoughts are inspired by liberal western thought , cq . 
  it 's a western movement . 
  also , stop equating religions like everything is the same , it just reveals that you are an uneducated cultural marxist . 
  although , seeing that you are rocking your eu ( puke ) flair , you do n't really want to hide it . 
  hahaha you think some westerners are supposed to and able to fix something that does n't belong to them ? 
  more like `` please let us convince ourselves that 30 ` muslims ' in germany participating in this will make the rest of the muslims , who are already familiar with western thought and have rejected it , follow '' islam will never be reformed , it 's literally impossible if the quran is not rewritten ( which can not happen ) . 
  stop trying to westernize islam , it just shows how unbelievable idiotic you are . 
  those colors are fucking terrible . 
  of course it 's bad wherever it happens , but if it happens in our countries , it gets priority because that is something we can easily subvert . 
  it 's not that i only care about myself . 
  if i did , why then would i care when it happens in sweden , or anywhere in europe ? 
  outside of this continent , things change and in some countries these practices are more ingrained in the national culture . 
  it 's much harder to do something about those nations . 
  because it 's undesirable . 
  why are you playing dumb ? 
  stop projecting your anti-immigrant bullshit please . 
  immigrants come from all kinds of cultures and many of them do n't practice mutilation . 
  and if it was a tradition that was native to my country i would have the same opinion about it . 
  but there are some cultures that do it and they happen to be foreign which means we have the option to just say no to someone who enjoys mutilating children trying to get in . 
   arbitrary place you call home i know exactly what type of person you are . 
  i think many consider it bad , but in their final judgment they would say `` it 's up to them to decide '' or `` it 's their culture '' . 
  i bet , if there was no racial/religious `` reason '' to not say anything about it , people would do much more to stop it . 
  people put diversity on a higher level than human rights . 
  fgm usually has more medical implication than mgm , but circumcision should be outlawed regardless . 
  it 's only jews and muslims who prevent us from banning mutilation . 
   german , berg okay . 
  you 're stating the obvious . 
  the point is that we can not and should not allow barbaric practices to occur in our countries because some people decided we needed more of that here . 
  it does n't matter what they think , if we do n't agree with it ( we do n't , it 's illegal ) it should n't be possible and it should n't be defended . 
  it is . 
  problem is no people are n't as outraged by it as they should be , because they do n't know about it , or do n't want to criticize other '' '' `` cultures '' '' '' '' . 
  really does n't matter . 
  what he did should not illegal . 
  they transcribe the video in the article . 
  if he actually said something racist they would have put it in . 
   likely not really . 
  people from all sides of the political spectrum report opinions to the police or get a police visit . 
  am i missing something ? 
  is n't westminster just some area in london ? 
  or is this whole uk ? 
  no , that would never get enough support . 
  nah he is mistaken . 
  he thought the flag represented different flavors of skittles , of which he usually eats 3 packs as lunch . 
  yea i kinda feel bad about it . 
  too soon ?
