  randstad btfo sad, 
  most were foreignors ( australia , canada ) , i believe only one was from the uk . 
  your inability to take action against a problem we do n't deserve to have is part of why nothing will happen against them . 
  in the mean time , their communities will grow , attacks will continue to happen and our society will be set back . 
  they are part of the problem . 
  nothing will happen if they side with the enemies of our state . 
  even if we mistreat them , we should , because they do n't deserve to live here . 
  these are problems and communities we really should n't have had to deal with . 
  trashy, 
  if they want to segregate , why do n't they just segregate themselves out of the country ? 
  fearmongering is bad . 
  noticing an upwards trend in terrorism and wanting to take action is not . 
  if you do think so and you also say that we should `` not care '' about these `` incidents '' , you 're delusional about the future . 
  oh and you 're a factor 1000 off on your number of migrants . 
  it does n't include 2016 which had similar death tolls to 2015 . 
  and it 's a trend that is n't likely to stop any time soon . 
  you can sit and wait five years for a new graph to be posted , but i think we can act much sooner . 
  islamophobia does n't exist, 
  i have also been shadowbanned multiple times . 
  always sent a clarification request , but never got any . 
  i thought it was a nice sub , but that changes once you realise what they are doing . 
  what i also dislike is the disproportianate attention users seem to give to complete non-issues but then more alarming topics get ignored/removed . 
  do n't rely on / r/thenetherlands as your only source , it is definitely filtered . 
  these tiny religious communities will be very offended if there are laws restricting their life ( child marriage , circumsision , secularity , etc. ) . 
  politicians want to avoid their outrage so they do n't do anything against it . 
  but that inaction should ( in theory ) offend the rest of the country , because they do n't support e.g. 
  child marriage . 
  if they were , it would push politicians to do something about it anyway . 
  however , for some reason we are n't really offended . 
  individualism gone too far , imo . 
  but vvd is a leftwing , pro-immigration party ... 
  not really , i have always been what 's nowadays is considered far right . 
  wow , in my university ( utrecht ) you can only do a retake for a course if your final grade was a 4 or a 5 . 
  if your final grade is n't a 6 after the retake , you failed the course . 
  at the end ? 
  people can only pronounce it like german ei, 
  pipe stems in netherlands, 
  what kind of camps ? 
  i went to hockey ( field ) / tennis camps, 
  historically , lots of entrepeneurs ( from anywhere really ) went to america and not really the other way around . 
  london also has lower taxes which is why it is often preferred over amsterdam or something . 
  i would n't know if trump/gop changed that . 
  i think most hardworking entrepeneurs go to / stay in america , partially for the previously mentioned reasons , which puts even more pressure on the welfare system . 
  [ this was in 2014 ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/cbssomalie.jpg ) ( yes , that 's 70 % of all somalians ) . 
  and the number of immigrants with welfare money [ rises every year ] ( http://imgur.com/ztekjk3 ), 
  way too much , i do n't understand why . 
  you sound like you heard a bernie supporter talk about how great and socialist europe is and now you are convinced you should do the same . 
  in most countries you would consider exemplary for socialism there are fears that the social state will crumble given that more and more people are in welfare money status ( you can guess what the reason for that is ) this is no defense of trump , but if you think conservatists/capitalists `` just need to see it in action '' you are wrong most of the time . 
  europe is not like america , and if current immigration trends persist , we will become more like america too . 
  i think more people would know that mexico uses a different currency than us than canada , but idk if they would know the names . 
  they should be . 
  you still seem to think they belong here huh, 
  we do , and they are very important . 
  in the last year , half of what you do is preparing for the exams . 
  they are all written exams . 
  which exams you get depends on what subjects you chose in year 4 . 
  the grade you get for each exam is averaged with the subject grade ( which is the average of year 4,5,6 for vwo ) you graduate iff - your average of all subjects is  = 5.5 - you have no more than one 5 for the three main subjects ( dutch , english , math ) - you have at most two 5 's or one 5 and one 4 ( not for the main subjects ) and your average is  = 6.0 you can do a retake for one exam . 
  if you want to vent about the exams , we have a hotline for complaints , especially for the dutch exam ( 60 % of all vwo students submitted a complaint ) . 
  the people that make the exam do n't really care about it , because it has kind of become a competition to get more complaints than the previous year . 
  your love for deutschland is n't shared hans . 
  it 's kinda sad . 
  a few years ago , a youtube commenter named storywithin made a comment on a music video . 
  he had leukemia and kinda depressed . 
  i tried to cheer him up but it 's hard if you 're going to die soon . 
  i went on holiday for 3 weeks ( without internet ) and during the holiday i realized i had n't replied to his last message . 
  when i came back home i send him a bunch of messages , but he never replied :( [ this was the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akw5mbce7vy ), 
  a rule does n't have to be a rule . 
  can anything be discussed without literally hitler guys lel ? 
  most universities here are different than american ones , in that students are more focused on one thing , so computer science students will never see a women studies student . 
  so even if those social studies are dominated by extremists i would n't know . 
  uva ( amsterdam ) is probably extremist though , they even had an isis supporter as a researcher . 
  it was stupid ( for may ) to call for a new election . 
  it 's good for democracy . 
  terrorists do n't deserve them . 
  and they will be terrorists even if we pump money in them . 
  best to just solve the issue with one shot . 
  for enemies of the nation yea, 
  ahgahahahahahah * breathes in * ahahahahahahah, 
  rarely . 
  live in a village , go to a city for university . 
  i see way more ambulances . 
  i never said anything about banning it . 
  do you think indulging in bad behaviour is good for you ? 
  it hurts in the same way that procrastination or overeating hurts . 
  it 's degeneracy . 
  there is an absolute link between cartoon cp and sexualizing children . 
  if you do n't think so you are either lying to yourself or have n't seen it . 
  because `` watching and masturbating to child porn eases off your urges '' is unfounded . 
  it does the same thing after watching normal porn : for a little moment you have no desire to have sex , but it comes back . 
  about you saying that you ca n't ignore sexual urges : that means you 're weak . 
  you would n't say that to a rapist seeing a woman walking down the street . 
  if you had healthy sexual urges you would n't need to keep them down , but in this case you have to . 
  you ca n't just surrender yourself to it and think you ca n't escape it . 
  one thing though : having sexual feelings for teenagers is not completely unnormal , especially with people wanting doing everything to look older than they are , but you must ask from yourself to not act on it . 
  watching cartoon cp definitely does n't hurt anyone else , but you 're wrong to believe that watching it will make everything okay , or make you safe around children . 
  you do n't want to live in fear that you might act on your urges right ? 
  then do n't sit on the edge by still sexualizing children . 
  english speakers quite a lot , mostly because of vowels i think . 
  they either pronounce words in some sort of english or try to sound dutch by attempting to speak german . 
  you can not be attracted to cartoon cp and not also have sexual feelings towards real children .
