  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  if he 's speaking about the syriza government , he 's either misinformed or spouting populist rhetoric ( ironically ) . 
  perhaps he has n't been paying attention but syriza have proposed a concrete proposal that actually addressed the problems at hand , but it was rejected by the creditors . 
   stop privileges they 've been explicit running on a platform based on stopping corrupt oligarchs , and most people here think it 's nothing more than populism . 
   stop using the system yourself ( meaning the clientele-ism and backroom favours ) has he ? 
  i 'm gon na need a source for that one . 
   make a milestone plan they proposed a very reasonable plan , and it was rejected by the creditors . 
   cut the public sector major cuts in the public sector have already occurred , more than what is needed . 
   open the professions for the young people vague political bullshit . 
  i do n't know , obama has been more daring as of late . 
  probably due to the fact that it 's his last term . 
  democracy , gay rights and immigration - the only three issues that we actually agree on . 
  the five star movement is moronic , but i think people here are far too dismissive of syriza . 
  if forced to make a choice , i 'd rather have tsipiras than some callous career politician whose political views i despise . 
  as opposed to the likes of guy verhofstadt and the alde . 
  those who attempt to preserve failed economic policies based on their own personal ideology . 
  that poll gives a choice between greece leaving the euro and continuing with the program , neither of which are good choices . 
  if you were to ask directly about austerity during a recessionary period , most economists would give you the same answer : http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html, 
  * citation needed, 
   greece does n't have a debt sustainability crisis . 
  you could n't be serious . 
   that academic consensus is the consensus of a few op-ed darlings of the english speaking left . 
  not of economists as such . 
  you did n't bother to read the article , did you ? 
   the debt costs greece 5 % of gdp per year considering that greek national income has plummeted , the fact that it is only paid at a 5 % rate speaks volumes as to why the debt is unsustainable . 
   many european countries do it . 
  most european countries do n't have a debt to gdp ratio of 175 % hindering foreign investment . 
   currently greece does n't need it . 
  god , you could n't possibly be this stupid . 
  ... and jeffrey sachs , heiner flassbeck , dani rodrik and simon wren-lewis for those not aware , they 're all very accomplished economists . 
  lewis actually just wrote a great piece in social europe . 
  edit : http://www.socialeurope.eu/2015/07/the-ideologues-of-the-eurozone/, 
   why should they cede anything ? 
  because the structural adjustment program in its current form is inherently flawed . 
  there needs to be a genuine discussion about the faults of the program , and how they must be addressed . 
  primary surplus obligations that are completely unrealistic given the greek negative balance of payments , vast amounts of spending reduction in a recessionary period and most notably , a debt to gdp ratio that is driving away foreign investment are all problems that must be addressed . 
  yet , the creditors seem to be fixated on failed macro-economic policy , [ despite the academic consensus regarding austerity . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html )  they 're necessary so we 're sure you keep your promises ( have n't done so in the past ) bullshit . 
  the austerity policies have been adhered to . 
  i never really understood this idea that somehow , greece can be entirely blamed for the current debt sustainability crisis . 
  certainly , the actions of previous governments play a part , but you have to keep in mind that greece have followed the structural program as mandated by the troika for the past five to six years . 
  despite this , greece has still not met the models set by the troika . 
  on the contrary , [ conditions have worsened due to the austerity policies carried out by the new democracy government  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
   what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  putin , syriza and migrants . 
  because the lenders have played no part in the failure of the negotiations . 
  none at all . 
  well , except for ceding little to nothing during the negotiation process . 
  oh , but i forgot . 
  this is r/europe where tsipras is responsible for all the woes of the world . 
  it is shameful . 
  substitute any other world leader for tsipras in that photo , and people would be outraged . 
   first , there is no academic consensus about austerity vast spending reduction in a recessionary period tend not to yield great results : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png  greece was spending more than their output . 
  and greek output has completely tanked due to the austerity measures . 
   subsidizing * preventing contagion . 
  no , we do n't . 
  maybe a couple of weeks ago , we could have some form of a discussion but now , no . 
  it 's a complete circlejerk . 
   `` there is no taboo subject when it comes to [ greek ] debt , '' he told french radio . 
  this , in my view , is a great attitude to have . 
  the structural adjustment program in its current form is inherently flawed . 
  there needs to be a genuine discussion about the faults of the program , and how they must be addressed . 
  primary surplus obligations that are completely unrealistic given the greek negative balance of payments , vast amounts of spending reduction in a recessionary period and most notably , a debt to gdp ratio that is driving away foreign investment are all problems that must be addressed . 
  yet , the creditors seem to be fixated on failed macro-economic policy , [ despite the academic consensus regarding austerity . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html ), 
  shh , you 're ruining the circlejerk . 
  thanks !, 
  inb4 someone calls krugman a left-wing ideologue and refuses to actually read the article . 
  paywall . 
  oh , god . 
  by far , this is the most moronic post i 've read today which is impressive , considering the quality of this sub . 
  let 's start with the obvious and discuss the structural adjustment program and why the effort of creditors is futile . 
  any continuation with a structural adjustment program that does not include some form of debt restructuring is bound for failure . 
  primary surplus obligations that are completely unrealistic given the greek negative balance of payments , vast amounts of spending reduction in a recessionary period and most notably , a debt to gdp ratio that is driving away foreign investment are all problems that must be addressed . 
  yet , the creditors seem to be fixated on failed macro-economic policy , [ despite the academic consensus regarding austerity . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html ) but hey , let 's ignore the academic consensus and focus on the actual effects of austerity in greece . 
  the notion that cutting spending will , somehow , improve economic activity is ludicrous : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png as you can see in the above graphs , troika models completely failed in their predictions , despite the new democracy government strictly abiding by the structural adjustment program :  [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ), 
   yet all the evidence ( as in the latest imf report and the fact every other country has suceeded ) points to the fact austerity works . 
  [ quite the opposite . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-troika-analysis-says-significant-concessions-still-needed ), 
  i understand that but they 've been rather moderate in most of their proposals . 
  they 're not exactly calling for the proletariat to seize the means of production . 
   communist syriza i 'm to the left of most of syriza and would n't consider myself a communist . 
  i think you 're being a tad bit too hyperbolic . 
  fyi , there is an actual communist party of greece . 
  [ two days ago , a large demonstration in which thousands of people called for a `` no '' vote took place in dublin .
