  victoria 2 , crusader kings and anything else by paradox is usually insanely good . 
   crankers they 're standard social democrat 's slightly to the left of labour , not particularly too different from the lib dems to be honest . 
  the only real political distinction is a nationalist tint , that 's it . 
  can we please stop portraying those we disagree with as outlandish `` populists '' . 
  it adds nothing to the discussion . 
  previous thread discussing this for those who are interested : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2z8aq5/greece_finance_minister_says_video_of_him_giving/, 
  [ video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aakm7au74io ), 
  modern socialism is n't social democracy and never has been . 
  most forms of modern socialism would be more akin to eurocommunism , libertarian marxism and in some cases trotskyism , at least in europe anyways . 
  i do n't remember a party advocating for the common ownership over the means of production entering office recently . 
  socialist 's have n't governed a european country in quite some time , how exactly are they responsible for the rise of ukip ? 
  not that it matters but i 'm actually a part time student who works for a private non-profit charity . 
   with money guaranteed at the end of the month this is how the vast majority of careers work , private or public . 
   even if you pass your days playing with you balls dae public servants lazy . 
   you ever worked in your life you knew that . 
  oh god , you got me . 
  clearly , i have never ever worked a day in my life . 
  obviously my home and all other possessions i have were given to me by the pesky welfare commies who populate our governments . 
   austerity is not a political ideology no , but ideologies such as neo-liberalism , classical liberalism and conservatism do advocate for austerity policies . 
   you can not live forever on borrowed money i agree , borrowing loans to pay off previous loans is a terrible idea . 
  someone should tell the ecb/imf . 
   obey the rules austerity has been an unmitigated failure and yet the troika still insists on enforcing such failure despite the fact that they have not met a single [ proposed aim  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  perhaps it 's time we begin to debate other possible alternatives ? 
   4 % primary surplus in the next two years , they 're going to be a year or two away tops from posting a fiscal surplus . 
  this supposed surplus would n't even match the current rate of interest on most of the loans and in no way addresses the actual issue , debt sustainability . 
  the adamant nature of the ecb/imf imposed primary surplus contributes to the overall problem , not aides it . 
   finding the best solution amongst currently available options there is no debate on other options due to the cdu 's stronghold on the euro group . 
   a fiscal surplus means they 're able to service their debt and work on reducing it . 
  you understand the degree of debt greece currently owes , right ? 
  there is no possible way greece can procure a surplus that will service their current debt . 
   pragmatic pragmatism implies a necessary evil , your policies are n't necessary given the failure of the troika . 
   charity of other european nations ? 
  transfers are a necessary measure in a monetary model , not that germany want 's to admit this . 
   utopian as opposed to your current economic policies . 
   that was n't going to happen at the height of the crisis , and it 's not going to happen now . 
  i did n't say it would . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's a much better solution . 
  ideally , the wider european governments at large would recognise the failure of supply side economics and insist on a plan similar to that of the us and uk , a large capital injection program coupled with various stimulus packages . 
  granted , the establishment will continue to paddle disastrous economic nonsense because they 're more concerned with ideology than the general well being of their citizens but that still does n't negate the fact that the policies of the troika are insane . 
   once they have a fiscal surplus , their debt will be sustainable . 
  then their debt to gdp ratio is irrelevant . 
  what ? 
   lowering public spending to sustainable levels . 
  undergoing structural reform during a recessionary period only hinders the necessary growth to actually combat the economic crisis . 
   it was a marked success no , [ it was n't . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) our ideas of success obviously differ :  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  this benign notion that you can enact stringent austerity measures during a recessionary period has unilaterally failed . 
  and yet , the classically liberal establishment demand that the greeks carry out the same policies which have continued to harm their economy . 
  it 's insane . 
   greece went from posting 15 % + deficits , to posting primary surplus this is n't success . 
  running a primary surplus in recession has only resulted in disastrous circumstances . 
   greece has had a problem with their budget deficits for decades . 
  and your proposed solution is to enact structural reform in the most unconvenient period possible ? 
   this has basically been the most sustainable the greek budget has been in two decades . 
  greece 's current crisis is a debt sustainability crisis . 
  the fact that they have a debt to gdp ratio of 175.1 % negates the benefits of any primary surplus . 
  from the original comment :  they claimed that their politics would be one that was aimed at benefitting all europeans while solving this crisis to my knowledge , he was referring to the syriza party and not a single independent candidate . 
  austerity is n't a credible solution , every aim of the troika was not met , it 's been an unmitigated disaster . 
   no one wants greece to suffer . 
  austerity policies do make ordinary greek 's suffer . 
  the fact that you do n't want them to suffer does n't change this . 
   this is entirely irrelevant . 
  if you 're part of the govt . 
  you 're part of the govt . 
  yes , but you do n't speak on behalf of your coalition partners . 
   you represent your country and you do not state things without considering the fact that people will view this as the official stance of your govt . 
  if you do not understand this , then you should n't be a minister in the first place . 
  i would disagree . 
  the sdp can have completely differing views to that of the cdu , this does n't indicate that the sdu 's stance is the official stance of the government . 
   but it does , and ministers in fact do not break ranks on a regular basis . 
  do that often enough and it 's a surefire way to discredit your entire govt . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  ministers do however break ranks . 
  for instance , my current government is going through internal conflict right now with regards to the sale of government stock in an airline retailer . 
   i merely wished to see a source for this . 
  http://world.news-round.com/tsipras-distances-itself-from-the-cartoon-with-schauble-as-a-nazi/ - there is much more than just this if you 're interested . 
   greek minister for justice . 
  nikos paraskevopoulos is an independent , not a member of syriza . 
  he 's does n't quite speak on behalf of the party . 
   he 's not exactly a non-person . 
  ministers constantly break ranks and say absurd things , this does n't give any indication of government policy . 
   greek pm apparently sanctioned him publicly . 
  when did i say this ? 
  if you actually read my post , i said that the pm criticised comparisons of modern germany to that of nazi germany . 
   what we have now is a greek government threatening to confiscate private property for perceived un-claimed debts of world war fucking two . 
  that thread was completely sensationalised , the government made no such claim . 
  rather , one individual minister did .
