  [ in fairness , the ra fared well when they fought the taliban . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msfljrj7m4a ), 
  no apocalypse so far . 
  beelzebub has yet to rise from the depths of hell ushering in millennia of untold anguish and misery . 
  is is a bit chilly though . 
  he 's right . 
  if possible , people who are accused of violating the law should be tried , not shot on site . 
  of course , there are shades of grey in which self defense becomes necessary but as a matter of principle , he 's right . 
  is this really a controversial opinion ? 
  god , this whole atmosphere of jingoism is n't going to bode well for our rights in the future . 
  tbh , i would n't really put them in the same category . 
  hobs is considered to be one of the great historians of the 20th century , even among those who do n't share his political viewpoints . 
  / r/syriancivilwar , [foreignpolicy.com , ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/ ) and the occasional reuters/bbc article . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/34806556 https://twitter.com/fratcilo/status/665211034173644805 http://i.imgur.com/d7jypti.jpg http://nvonews.com/isis-beaten-badly-kurdish-peshmerga-defeat-daesh-in-shingal-sinjar/, 
  you guys realize that is are loosing ground to both the saa and the pkk/ypj ? 
  in all likelihood , they wont be able to even maintain what remains of their iraqi/syrian territory within two years . 
  shingal was just liberated by the kurds , and daesh failed to capture kuweires which is now in the firm control of the saa . 
  the whole jingoistic call to arms would serve no logical purpose so to answer your question , no i would n't . 
  it 's very probable . 
  i 'll just edit my original comment to make that more clear . 
   the thing here though is that as you said they are losing ground to kurds and others , so therein lies another difference : an attack from us would not be just a ` western invasion ' as opposed to the iraq war . 
  no one wants to alienate a nato ally by supporting secessionists and let 's be realistic , supporting a designated `` terrorist organization '' just is n't practical . 
  not to mention the fact that the political connotations of supporting a radical socialist organization just adds to the complexity of the overall situation . 
  ignoring the kurds , there is what remains of the fsa , and some moderate islamist groups . 
  none of these are practical choices either . 
   you made me curious now . 
  because here in belgium it was very unpopular and thus belgium did not participate in it . 
  was it more popular in ireland ? 
  i was referring to the us but obviously i di n't make that clear in my original comment . 
   there are multiple factions on the ground that are pretty good , like the kurdish forces fighting isis turkey consider the pkk to be a terrorist group and the american 's are n't too fond of irritating their nato allies by supplying arms to secessionists . 
  the political connotations of supporting a radical socialist organization add to the complexity of the issue . 
  it 's just not this simple . 
  ah , that would make much more sense . 
  yes , it was much less popular among most of the international community . 
   i remember it perfectly , there were protests in dozens of countries and it was widely regarded as illegal . 
  eventually yes , but during the initial invasion 69 % of americans approved of george w bush 's handling of the intervention so yes , it was relatively popular . 
   it was obvious that bush was using residual feelings from 9/11 to justify geopolitical goals that had nothing to do with safety . 
  i agree with this ( especially once you consider the infamous memos among the bush administration ) but still , the state departments rationale relied heavily on issues relating to wmds . 
   invading iraq was massively unpopular obviously you do n't remember the start of the war . 
  during the early stages , it was very popular . 
  although , this is rather typical . 
  you had a similar reaction when it came to vietnam . 
  edit : technically , the premise on which the state department based their argument relied upon issues over wmds , not 9/11 . 
  the terror attacks just provoked the necessary reaction for support of the proposed intervention . 
  second edit : to clear up any confusion , i 'm mostly referring to support in the us . 
  ugh , we 're really going to do this again . 
  do any of you even remember iraq , or are you so caught up in yesterdays tragedy that you 'll condone any military intervention in syria ? 
  is are n't a country ( despite their intentions ) . 
  they are a terrorist organization who predominately operate in areas of the levant and iraq . 
  more importantly , they 're a terrorist organization who are losing ground to both assad and the pkk . 
  military intervention would serve absolutely no purpose . 
  temple bar and the blarney stone . 
   i do n't really know if it 's possible to `` turn '' , i keep hearing contradictory information - that you 're born gay , that you can become gay , that sexuality is fluid , that you can become or accept that you 're gay even as an old person that lived life straight . 
  i do n't know what to believe . 
  if we 're being rather pedantic , most geneticists do n't believe sexuality is determined by one gene . 
  a variety of factors determine sexuality , be they genetic in origin or as a result of epigenetic influences . 
  sexuality is complicated . 
  your sexual attraction is n't a choice , but how you label said attraction certainly is . 
   the whole `` being gay is fabulous '' type of thing , out of fear that it might make otherwise-straight people gay . 
  this is laughable . 
  no one could seriously believe this . 
   what has he done to further that goal ? 
  he 's been a labour backbencher for quite some time , so he 's never really had huge sway in the party but if we 're to judge him by his voting record , he 's a very consistent left-winger . 
  on top of this , he 's a member of the socialist campaign committee , an in-house pressure group pushing for the labour party to adopt more socialist policies ( eg cooperative investment , nationalization of various utilities etc ) . 
   the labour party was never anti-capitalist though no , but the founding of the party is rooted in both socialism and trade unionism and at one point , like you said , it was veering very close to becoming a genuine socialist party . 
  people do n't seem to realize how close aneurin bevan came to securing the leadership . 
   i said they had their own definition of the word . 
  but their own definition ignores the historical realities of socialist thought . 
   and according to that logic , ed miliband , jeremy corbyn , and the labour party are surely not socialists . 
  corbyn is but the others definitely are n't . 
   if you put jeremy corbyn in france , sweden , or any other country with lots of nationalized industry , public transit , and free education , would he be anything unique ? 
  now , not so much but in principle , yes , i 'd say that the hard-left of the labour party would be rather unique in those countries . 
  to be precise , i 'd compare the hard-left of the labour party to that of the left front in france ( although , it would be on the right of the party ) . 
   same with bernie sanders . 
  bernie sanders would be to the left of many social democratic parties , but he 'd still be relatively similar in terms of ideology . 
  oddly enough , it 's his rhetoric that 's pretty radical but no , his policies are n't too different to that of the standard social democratic party . 
   how do you explain jeremy corbyn ? 
  he calls himself a democratic socialist , just like sanders , but he 's just a social-democrat . 
  not really , he 's been on the hard left of the labour party for quite some time , and he has expressly stated that the ultimate goal of society should be the public ownership over the means of productions . 
  granted , he 's become much more moderate as party leader , but nonetheless , he 's still a socialist . 
   ed miliband said he was bringing socialism back to britain most of the labour party do , even the soft left on occasion . 
  it 's more to do with connections to the past than a genuine aspiration for a socialist government . 
   socialism means different things to different people i guess this is a fair point but still , the most common definition is the social ownership over the means of production , at least in europe . 
   you 're using the marxist definition no , he 's not . 
  this definition would be accepted by most leftists , be they anarchists , syndicalists , communists , or democratic socialists . 
   but there was this austrian dude who claimed socialism was embracing and working to collectively further the noble aryan master race . 
  the nazi party appropriated certain words to appeal to a specific demographic , namely the german working class . 
  in reality , the nazis were vehement opponents of socialism . 
  as a matter of fact , they saw it as a `` judeo-bolshevik '' plot undermining nationalism and traditionalism . 
  both socialists and communists were routinely arrested , and in many cases , sent to concentration camps . 
  hell , even the left of the party was purged . 
   who 's usage is right ? 
  the one that espouses the values associated with the term . 
  the dprk consider themselves democratic , it does n't mean that they 're a democracy . 
  you 're actually right on this one . 
  i 'm just going to chalk this up to tiredness , and edit my original comment . 
  apologies about that . 
   not really clearly you were n't here for the greek crisis . 
   in general ? 
  i did n't say generally .
