   i am talking about maastricht et al did n't germany violate the maastricht treaty only recently ? 
   a primary surplus has nothing to do with incentives . 
  i did n't say it did but , it does ensure that the greek government will have to follow some sort of a budget which is why the german government seem to be so keen on retaining it , despite its obvious faults . 
   reforms are hurting most of the time , they are unpleasant and they are unpopular amongst voters . 
  what 's the point of reform , if the reforms play an intricate role in what causes the crisis . 
   eurobonds would not be better than the current financing terms for greece it would allow them to borrow at much lower rates . 
   budget carefully away . 
  abiding by the memorandums primary surplus rate has continuously contracted the economy . 
  perhaps , we should stop following supply-side economic dogma , and at least consider the alternative . 
  some high quality content here . 
   the debt is n't held by banks anymore , though . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  german ( and french ) banks have been protected by the actions of eurozone member states , and are not going to be particularly affected by collateral damage . 
   eurobonds are something entirely different . 
  how so ? 
  though a little vague , their policies i 've seen thus far have been great . 
  i 'm hoping we can form some government of the left , between sinn f\u00e9in , the social democrats and one of the radical leftist political parties . 
   no fianna fail are now polling better than sinn fein . 
  according to one poll . 
  every single other poll recorded over the past year shows sinn f\u00e9in are more popular than fianna f\u00e1il . 
   shown a fine gael government again . 
  none of the polls taken thus far show a majority government . 
  * fine gael led government . 
  no polls taken thus far shows a majority government . 
  sinn f\u00e9in are polling higher than fianna f\u00e1il in most polls , and fine gael wo n't enter a coalition with fianna f\u00e1il . 
  thus , there is probably going to be some left-wing presence within the next government , regardless of who is elected . 
   really ? 
  when did this become a possibility , i thought almost all main parties are against it all the left-wing parties ( sinn f\u00e9in , socialist , labour , people before profit , greens , workers party and the newly formed social democrats ) support repealing the eighth amendment . 
  i really dislike the current ruling government , but the work they have done for the lgbt community has been superb . 
  but it has contracted to a point that is not representative of gdp potential . 
   and of course they are in the ez and they should leave . 
  it would be better for them and for the ez . 
  because an inflationary drachma coupled with a week trading market is bound for success . 
   i see it the greeks have their true gdp now . 
  but their gdp has contracted due to the policies of the memorandum . 
   they should n't be in the euro at all . 
  neither should many eurozone members . 
  it does n't change the fact that they are . 
   i believe they would do better with the drachma . 
  maybe prior to the crisis , but now , no . 
   someone else pays for your overspending . 
  you 'll be happy to know that little of the bailout funds actually go towards government spending . 
  a very simplistic narrative . 
  mostly due to the fact that deficit reduction as mandated in the memorandum has consistently resulted in economic contraction , further reducing the actual income generated by both real and gross economic activity . 
  it 's a vicious cycle that ca n't be solved via austerity policies . 
  you could make the argument that greek gdp was inflated , namely due to a loss of monetary sovereignty but to imply that the current fall in gdp is n't due to the policies enacted in the memorandum is disingenuous . 
  considering the fact that greek national income has plummeted , using any statistics that are recorded as a % of gdp is disingenuous . 
  and when greece needs another bailout due to the fact that any agreement based on the same old measures regarding outlandish primary surplus rates , privatizations that will result in the sale of valuable state assets for ridiculous low profit margins and a continual contraction of the economy due to austerity policies are bound for failure , then what ? 
   not voting against the attempt to rescue the mess he created . 
  you 're either deluded or misinformed if you think this is going to `` rescue '' the economy . 
  anyone who voted in favour of this agreement should be ashamed . 
   fuck that asshole . 
  you borrow money , you pay back the fucking money . 
  slight oversimplification for what is a complicated agreement . 
  like the previous memorandum , this agreement is bound for failure . 
   i muted my stream so i did n't need to listen to him . 
  ca n't say that i blame you . 
  i do n't even understand the man and he 's already annoying me . 
  i 'm curious , does anyone know what moronic shit michaloliakos is spewing ? 
  the high caliber of your posts continue to impress . 
  it 's slightly more complicated . 
  monetary sovereignty would have allowed for both nominal exchange rate adjustment and yes , a devaluation of a currency up to a point . 
  this devaluation would have allowed greece to buy government debt which in turn , could have provided a necessary means to combat the 08 downturn . 
  on top of this , a national bank could have acted as a lender of last resort at a faster paste than that of the ecb . 
  to deny the benefits of monetary sovereignty is insane . 
   `` monetary sovereignty '' only means one thing : let the government print away the nation 's internal debt at the expense of the people , by forcing their impoverishment . 
  no , it does n't . 
  see my reply to / u/emk2203  forcing their impoverishment . 
  the entire backbone of austerity policy relies on economic growth via wage compression , so i find this a little humorous . 
   debt is only a problem if the government keeps on increasing it by running deficits and refusing to balance its books . 
  and by running a primary surplus , they continually contract the economy resulting in a reduction of real income generated by both real and gross economic activity . 
  hence , the vicious cycle of austerity . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
   furthermore , `` debt sustainability '' is a false problem . 
  by far , this is the most moronic thing i 've heard today . 
   consequently , if the state has no money , no access to credit , and running 15 % deficits , naturally there is no alternative to cut down the deficit . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  without monetary sovereignty , no . 
  you 're quite right here . 
  granted , this is n't a morality play . 
  the fact remains that austerity does n't address the situation at hand , debt sustainability . 
  you could make the argument that there should be some degree of debt reduction , but to suggest that the greek government is even capable of consistently running a medium-term surplus of 3.5 % is , quite frankly , ludicrous . 
  a continuation of the deficit reduction as mandated in the memorandum is going to result in economic contraction , further reducing the actual income generated by both real and gross economic activity . 
  it 's a vicious cycle that ca n't be solved via austerity policies . 
   impossible promises during the negotiations , syriza offered a wide range of concessions and nothing regarding their proposals were particularly outlandish . 
   but the problem needs to be austerity . 
  austerity is a part of the problem , along with other requirements in the newly forged agreement . 
  over the past five years , it has become quite clear that reducing a large % of spending in a recessionary period does not work : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png, 
  i really hope they do n't become more popular due to tsipras 's capitulation but unfortunately , i think they will . 
  this deal does n't `` save '' greece . 
  on the contrary , it consists of the same old measures regarding outlandish primary surplus rates , privatizations that will result in the sale of valuable state assets for ridiculous low profit margins and a continual contraction of the economy due to austerity policies . 
  for those unaware , many people are boycotting the charge in protest of various scandals associated with irish water , and due to disagreements with the current ruling government . 
  the `` all '' refers to the previous paragraph in which he explains the distinctions between the model schauble is proposing , and the one varoufakis thinks he wants . 
  in essence , it 's has nothing to do with what schauble `` probably '' wanted . 
  it has everything to do with what he supposedly told him . 
   so was it all told to him by schauble , or not ? 
  no , that 's not what he is saying . 
  as a matter of fact , in no way did he say this was all told to him by schauble . 
  at this stage , you 're just being pedantic to spite the man . 
   if part of it is a theory and part is based on explicit claims from schauble , then it is wrong to use the word all .
