  in essence , they 're more keen of kant than locke . 
   liberty is the right to do what you want to do as long as it does not damage any third party . 
  that is the universal definition . 
  kant and other philosophers would disagree . 
  i do n't think there is a universal definition tbh . 
  will do , i 'm not a stalinist btw . 
  i 'm a democratic socialist , i 've no intention of doing anything without the democratic consent of the majority . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  hell , some stalinist 's today in russia have somehow conjured up the idea that homosexuality is `` bourgeois '' . 
  with that said , communist groups such as the russian cwi are also at the forefront of the opposition against the gay `` propaganda '' law . 
  it 's a pretty varied ideology . 
  out of curiosity , i was always under the impression that homophobia in eastern europe was more to do with masculine/feminine roles in society or is that just a stereotype ? 
  no , i live in a democratic society and am going to advocate for my viewpoints regarding worker management and democracy . 
   this is because capitalism is simply the transfer of value through trade voluntarly you see , i just feel these definitions ( and socialists are n't excluded from this ) are so vague that no one really has a clear understanding of what capitalism is . 
  by this standard , most of the roman empire was capitalist because market systems were present . 
   state respecting natural law who defines what natural law is ? 
   involuntary withdrawal of money . 
  yes , but capitalism is a more complicated ideology . 
  even adam smith acknowledge the need for taxation and and to an extent , wealth redistribution ( four canons of taxation ) . 
  my point is , capitalism does n't just equate to laissez faire libertarian style dogma . 
  for instance , keynesian liberals are capitalists . 
   life , liberty or property again , how do we define these terms . 
  my idea of liberty could differ from your idea . 
   capitalism can only be voluntary , or it ceases to be capitalism . 
  again , what do you define as voluntary ? 
  by this standard , adam smith would n't be a capitalist because he advocated for some form of taxation . 
   i forgot to say , we 're both penguins so we should stop arguing heh , one day ( ;, 
  [ this is pretty much what the no campaigners are basing their `` arguments '' on . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh2swsvrrmo ), 
  eh , i would n't say that . 
  lenin did decriminalize homosexuality after all . 
  of course , eventually stalin orchestrated the purges and attempted to appeal to russian traditionalism . 
  but prior to stalin 's rise , socialists were much more sympathetic to both women 's rights and to homosexuals than most of the public . 
  anyway , regardless of political ideology , i think we can both agree that homophobia is wrong . 
  i think you 're confusing socialism and communism . 
  socialism , being the common ownership over the means of production acts as the transitional phase to communism , a non-monetary based system with no class divisions . 
  communism has never been achieved . 
  socialism , on the other hand has . 
  with that said , socialism partly depends on the definition you use , as does capitalism to a certain extent . 
  some socialists hold to the view that the means of production should be owned in the literal sense via work place democracy . 
  others , believe the state should take a more prominent role . 
  a critique leveled against one form of socialism is n't necessarily a critique against another form . 
  socialism is a varied ideology . 
  similarly , a critique of keynesian policies is n't necessarily a critique of monetarist policies . 
  ideologies are far more complicated . 
   capitalism just happens it 's actually a relatively new phenomenon that draws heavily from classical economists such as smith and ricardo . 
  the implementation of the system was advocated by the various liberal parties in 19th century europe . 
  it 's far from `` natural '' . 
   capitalism 's enemy is the state capitalism ca n't function without some form of a state body to protect private property . 
   state sanctioned atrocities again , the state for the most part acted in order to preserve capitalist interests . 
  in order to do this , they used colonial methods to gain access to key trade routes and other valuable resources . 
  i did . 
  first , banning any form of ideological symbolism demeans freedom of speech . 
  secondly , communist symbols can represent both authoritarian and libertarian forms of socialism . 
  for instance , the hammer and sickle has been used by various forms of socialists , both libertarian and authoritarian . 
  you might want to read more of marx and engels work . 
  engels was speaking about a transitional phase to a communist society , a socialist economy in which the proletariat would own the means of production . 
  the byproduct of this of this socialist state would be a communist society , a non-monetary based economic system with no class divisions . 
  edit : sorry , meant to reply to the above poster , oh well . 
  can we stop editing titles so they suit our own bias ? 
  also , this is n't surprising , world leaders have done this for quite some time . 
  superb observation skills , sherlock . 
   they 'll raid this thread that would be the racists from stormfront , not us . 
   probably already have from the amount of / r/socialist [ 1 ] posters that have replied to you apologies , did n't know discourse was discouraged on a forum that intends to foster discourse . 
  again , it really depends on your definition of communism . 
  i could just as easily say that if you look at the sheer number of atrocities committed , capitalism is arguably worse than nazism . 
  it would be a slight oversimplification , but that does n't stop people applying the same phrase with communism . 
   these co-operatives there were n't many co-operatives in the su , virtually all forms of industry were owned by the state , something i would be deeply opposed to . 
  as for their viability , the early kibbutz in israel and the mondragon corporation in spain would be considered incredibly successful initiations at co-operative economic models and something i think most of society should strive towards . 
  i really do n't see why my right to freedom of expression should be violated because i hold those views . 
   anything like that in ireland . 
  most are small , but work relatively well . 
   `` socialist economy through the democratic process '' is canada . 
  no , i was using the word in the traditional sense . 
  if i think the means of production should be controlled by the workers via co-operatives , is my freedom of speech too dangerous for society ? 
  how do you define the radical left ? 
  can i argue in favour of a socialist economy through the democratic process , or is that too `` radical '' for society ? 
  for the record i do n't think any political ideology should be banned . 
  it 's pointless and above all demeans freedom of speech . 
  as for the current bans , are there any specifications regarding what defines communism ? 
  can i argue in favor of a socialist co-operative economy achieved through democratic means or does that fall under `` propaganda '' . 
  do you not think that banning everything deemed `` communist '' goes a tad bit too far ? 
  in fairness , it really depends on how you define capitalism and communism/socialism . 
  if it 's purely a question of who owns the means of production , than capitalism would be responsible for various famines such as the irish potato famine , imperialist genocides in india and other former colonial nations and many other atrocities . 
  granted , none of the nuances involved will ever prevent the circlejerk . 
  you guys know that word does n't mean popular , right ? 
  it 's a word used to denote people who base the premise of their arguements on some form of `` elite '' . 
  you could make the argument that they are populist , but you could n't really make that argument with regards to the thessaloniki programme . 
  http://klauskastner.blogspot.ie/2014/09/syrizas-economic-manifesto-20.html there have been more radical manifestos in the past , but much of the more radical aspects have been shelved . 
  this is the most recent up to date manifesto . 
  such obvious lies !, 
  bild and spiegel told me that tsipras and putin literally ate the flesh of innocent children at today 's meeting in moscow , so it must be true . 
   i see , the old `` no true extreme left party would do such a thing '' argument . 
  not really . 
  extreme leftists usually do n't intend on preserving capitalism , that tends to be the point . 
  god , people really misuse those stupid fallacies far to often . 
   i suggest you read up on syriza 's political platform . 
  unlike you , and most people here , i actually have . 
  it pretty much boils down to this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thessaloniki_programme  confronting the humanitarian crisis  restarting the economy and promoting tax justice  national plan to regain employment  transforming the political system to deepen democracy it 's vague and politically opportunistic , but not `` extremist '' . 
  i base my views on their manifesto which generally has a keynesian outlook on events , not political congresses that happened two years ago .
