  the penal laws were targeted explicitly at presbyterians and irish catholics ( the former due to dissent and the latter due to suppression of the native culture ) . 
  even if we 're to be pedantic and accept that it was not based on irish-sentiment per se , naming countless atrocities that are linked to british policy in ireland is not a difficult task . 
   the uk was a liberal society , those revolutionaries lived in a society in which they participated as equals . 
  if the british respected the will of the irish people , they would have headed the democratic mandate set when the irish parliamentary party consistently won election after election and yet , they did n't . 
  the house of lords vetoed any measure with regards to home rule that the liberal/ipp coalition introduced . 
   considering the ultra moralistic legislation some of these people introduced you can hardly accuse them of liberalism . 
  the leaders of the 1916 rising were rather versatile in the political views they held . 
  and yes , the declaration was very much rooted in liberal ideas . 
  i 've never met anyone who disputed that . 
   those revolutionaries lived in a society in which they participated as equals . 
  yes , very , very , recently . 
  the history of the irish has been one of subjugation through structural discrimination ( the penal laws come to mind ) . 
  such discrimination has long term consequences . 
   just like the confederates `` liberated '' the south . 
  revolutionaries demanding a society based on liberal/socialist principles after years of subjugation , major delays in the administration of home rule due to the powers of the house of lords , and imperialist conquest is now akin to the confederate defense of slavery ? 
   british do n't get a right to vote . 
  anglo-irish protestants had the right to vote but yes , british people without irish citizenship could not vote ( as this was prior to the ninth amendment ) . 
  honestly , why would they ? 
  excellent documentary . 
  if new elections were to be called , how would this affect the race ? 
  i 'm fairly ambivalent when it comes to schultz but admittedly , i do have a huge amount of respect for draghi . 
  the ecb is , in my view , far more politically intertwined with governmental/financial agencies than what should be expected of any independent central bank . 
  draghi has shown considerable practicality throughout his tenure , especially when it came to dealing with objections from the bundesbank with regards to quantitative easing . 
  he 's a very intelligent man . 
  ca n't argue with that logic . 
  the regulars of / r/europe and / r/ukpolitics are n't reflective of the electorate either . 
  this does n't particularly make much sense . 
  firstly , `` ultra left-wing fascism '' is n't a thing . 
  it literally does n't exist . 
  fascism is a form of nationalism that advocates a mixed-market economy with the goal of achieving some form of autarky via protectionist measures . 
  secondly , the mainstream left is , generally speaking , of a centre-left disposition . 
  how exactly is lenin to blame for the lithuanian ssr ? 
  do n't get me wrong , the soviet occupation was wrong but lithuania gained independence in 1918 , and remained independently sovereign ( discounting the polish and german annexations ) until the molotov -- ribbentrop pact . 
  there are many genuine criticisms that can be leveled at lenin but i fail to see how this is one of them . 
  edit : lenin was probably one of the most ardent defenders of self determination among the bolsheviks ( take that as you will , but it 's an important point to note ) . 
  [ dublin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgeloy5tge0 ), 
  this is / r/europe . 
  the vast majority of people here probably think corbyn is the reincarnation of stalin . 
   back in the day they wanted the uk to join the warsaw pact . 
  very few . 
  the predominant strain of socialist thought among the left in the uk has , for quite some time , been of a trotskyist variety . 
  sure , you have the occasional m-l political party , but they 're a very slim minority . 
  dem socialism and trotskyism are far more prominent tendencies . 
  oddly enough , the guinness family were probably one of the most influential unionist dynasties in ireland . 
  they opposed almost any move that would transfer power from westminster to dublin . 
  it 's a little ironic considering how guinness ( the lager ) is now seen as quintessentially irish . 
  to be fair , arthur guinness did support catholic emancipation so there 's that . 
   there is no separation made by me : i however value the negative and positive parts of it . 
  the negatives far outweigh the positives . 
   many parts of the world are now english speaking due to colonialism as language and culture was purposely curtailed . 
   reasonably well developed compared to the countries surrounding them . 
  most former british colonies are n't reasonably developed . 
  on the contrary , most are secondary/primary driven economies . 
   indeed , and that 's why i do not condemn the romans a fallacious example . 
  and yes , they probably should still be condemned . 
  the prominence of genocide does n't negate the fact that genocide is morally wrong . 
   depends on what you mean . 
  if you think that nazi germany was a 100 % bad or even ` evil ' thinig , then you are dead wrong that seems fair . 
   if you look at the some of all parts , i 'd say that nazi germany was clearly a bad thing i 'd say the same about the british empire . 
   also : what the nazis did was already partially conflicting with the standards of that time among certain nations it really was n't . 
  antisemitism was rife in 20th century europe . 
   out of curiosity anyways , why do you get so worked up about this ? 
  because i find imperialism and colonialism to be morally repugnant . 
  i 'd be equally upset if someone defended slavery . 
   colonialism was much more than simply subjugating other peoples the subjugation of other people was intrinsic to colonialism . 
  how you can separate the two is beyond me . 
   something that - again i have to remark on this - was completely normal for that time ) . 
  as was slavery for most of human history . 
   i am not without feeling : i can imagine the hardships the people that lived under british rule had to endure . 
  no need for imagination , the atrocities committed by the british empire are very well documented . 
   but to use that fact of history as a means to condemn something much larger is not fair and above all ideologically inspired . 
  do you hold that opinion with regards to nazi germany ? 
   we highly probably will not agree on it anytime soon no , we probably wo n't . 
   the guy can not comprehend that one can be proud on the past on one hand , while acknowledging the mistakes of the same piece of history as well . 
  they can , but to take explicit pride in the colonial aspect of the british empire is , in my view , morally repugnant . 
  the autobahn does n't rectify the atrocities of nazi germany . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  edit : any proof , or are you just attempting to slander anyone who disagrees with you ? 
  when did i say i was subjugated . 
  reread my comment . 
  oh , and stop taking pride in the murder of millions of people . 
  do you really want me to continue ? 
  because trust me , it would n't be difficult . 
  the british empire was responsible for the deaths of millions of people . 
  how long before this thread gets linked to / r/badhistory ? 
  more than the russians and this sub is n't what is once was . 
  the federalistjerk is long gone , and most people who frequent this sub are right-wing nationalists . 
   he one below yours says `` disgusting '' and the one above says `` ridiculous '' . 
  and the top comment defends british colonialism . 
  you , and i , both know that if this was about russian colonialism , a comment defending russia would n't be the most upovoted comment . 
  it 's hypocrisy . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  and as a whole , british colonialism was rooted in the subjugation of native peoples . 
   citations desperately needed . 
  the suppression of the mau mau uprising , genocides pertaining to the australian frontier wars , the boer concentration camps , the amritsar massacre etc. 
  there are so many examples . 
  if this was a poll about russia taking pride in their colonial aspirations , there would be an uproar in this sub . 
  such hypocrisy . 
   are we supposed to be reduced to perpetual apologizers , forbidden from being proud of past achievements ? 
  read the article , this is n't about taking pride in past achievements or accomplishments .
