  not really . 
  one is a supposed theory on what schauble wants , and the other is what schauble literally ( according to him ) told him . 
  it 's not a single unified theory . 
   so let 's go with your thinking that `` probably '' means that this is what he believe schauble wants . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  you seem to have missed my point . 
  i 'm pointing out the distinction between a supposed federal model which varoufakis believes schauble wants , and the reality of the situation ( according to varoufakis ) . 
   it ca n't be both . 
  varoufakis is referencing separate models . 
   if he is , then he is wrong to say that it is n't a theory . 
  the theory is that he believes schauble wants a federal model but is unable to procure such a model , given political circumstances . 
  thus , the model he supposedly told varoufakis of is a distinct model from the one you are referring to . 
  hence , the use of the word `` probably '' . 
   well that seems internally contradictory . 
   i mean , he started off by saying `` probably '' and ends by saying that it is n't a theory but something that schauble told him directly . 
  the `` probably '' referred to what he believes schauble wants , not what schauble supposedly told him . 
  i fail to see how that statement is contradictory . 
  mostly the former but if we 're being completely honest , both . 
  i 'm going to be frank , i 've always been something of an internationalist . 
  i think most of my views on nationalism , and to a lesser extent patriotism were a predominant cause of my formative years . 
  i think i 've always been somewhat aware of the ramifications of the troubles , but i never really understood it . 
  of course , there were the obvious factors that led to the crisis ( disenfranchisement , gerrymandering , discrimination in housing and voting , partition etc ) but i never understood that root idea behind both unionism and nationalism . 
  bare in mind that this is my personal opinion , but it just felt childish . 
  the idea that people would base their entire ideology on the whims of were they where born just seemed so strange . 
  i remember i had that same feeling of bewilderment when i was told a story about how my grandfather was injured in the dublin bombings of 1974 , after a unionist paramilitary group set off a bomb near parnell street . 
  of course , this all occurred within the span of the ulster workers council strike , which was exacerbated by merlyn rees 's refusal to use adequate force in addressing the situation so tensions were at a high point . 
  what amazed me even more was the fact that the same people who took part in this `` strike '' were n't that different . 
  in terms of class , these people were almost identical to my grandfather and yet , they hated him . 
  for a long time , i used to hold the eu in such high regard . 
  it was something that represented a complete juxtaposition to the bickering that led to nationalism . 
  it 's a shame that ever since greece attempted to renegotiate the memorandum , a program which has been a complete and utter failure , i have been reminded of that bickering . 
  i ca n't help but think that i was just a naive idealist . 
  i 'm usually very sympathetic to the plight of migrants , but let 's be realistic here , he should probably be sent back on the basis of his terrible taste in irish comedy . 
  it 's a strange day when i agree with an opinion piece written in the telegraph . 
   no matter what greece is going to have to continue to run surpluses . 
  and without contracting the economy , they ca n't . 
   there is no source of possible financing for deficit spending . 
  one of the fatal flaws of joining a monetary union . 
   the real problem is fixing the structural problems i 'd agree , but it 's a bit vague . 
   tax collection rate from 50 % to 90 + % , greece certainly does have a massive tax evasion problem , but i 'm going to need a citation there , and one from a credible authority . 
  determining undisclosed income is mostly guess work . 
  what 's even more difficult than determining undisclosed income , is finding legal means to combat it . 
   why do you care about that ? 
  might want to reread the line that comes after it . 
   debt restructuring does n't do anything for the next decade or two since that 's when the bailout debts come due . 
  because continuing the austerity measures is n't going to address the problem at hand , the sustainability of the debt . 
  on the contrary , national income is probably going to continue to contract , as it already has : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png  the ecb/imf debt will be rolled over into the rescue fund again , this does n't address the situation . 
   when the dust has settled the politicians will look at the situation again that 's a very optimistic attitude . 
   it does n't help the greeks a debt to gdp ratio of 175 % coupled with the fact that greece ca n't run a primary surplus of such mandated by the ecb/imf due to a contracting gdp and a negative balance of payments is greatly detouring foreign investment . 
  either debt relief or a reduction in the required primary surplus is needed . 
   they pushed until the only choices left were a total collapse of the state , or accepting a tough deal . 
  without genuine debt restructuring , this `` deal '' ( i 'd used that word loosely if i were you ) is going to cause a collapse of the state . 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  hopefully the left platform will tank the government , it 's the least they deserve . 
   investments oh , god . 
  you could n't possibly be serious ? 
  no , that is a graph proving gdp is contacting but yes , there was a bubble built up over years due to government spending . 
  austerity policies have just contributed to the contraction of the economy , and made things much worse . 
  edit : i 'm confused , are you trying to imply that greece 's monstrous gdp contractions had nothing to with cutting a huge % of spending in a recessionary period ? 
  considering the fact that you obviously did n't read the article , here are some graphs that illustrate what he was trying to say : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png  internet wo n't have more impact on our life than the fax no relevancy to the article . 
  [ considering the fact that austerity policies have completely failed in greece , i do n't think so . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ), 
  just another day in this glorious union of equals . 
  because they demanded economically illiterate measures based on ideological reasons . 
   we have been fighting hard for six months now , and we fought until the end to achieve the best possible outcome almost complete and utter capitulation was the best possible outcome ? 
   that 's not true . 
  in the past one year greece 's eased on its requested reforms i was referring to the previous years under the nd government . 
  apologies if that was n't clear . 
   now they need debt relief because of that . 
  because there were n't issues in relation to debt sustainability prior to the syriza government . 
  i used to be a huge proponent of european integration but now , i 'm not entirely sure . 
  seeing eu institutions consistently demand right-wing conservative policies is making it difficult for me to reconcile my political views with my original opinions of the eu . 
   but greece is a democracy , and throughout the years they have kept electing populistic governments with impossible promises . 
  nd and pasok are populist now ? 
   who was it ? 
  i never really understood this idea that somehow , greece can be entirely blamed for the current debt sustainability crisis . 
  certainly , the actions of previous governments play a part , but you have to keep in mind that greece have followed the structural adjustment program as mandated by the troika for the past five to six years . 
  despite this , greece has still not met the models set by the troika . 
  on the contrary , [ conditions have worsened due to the austerity policies carried out by the new democracy government  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
   what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
   turkey has signed agreements to take back immigrants who illegally enter the eu from turkish territory and how can you prove if someone enters the eu from turkish territory ? 
  provided they have no affiliation with the ministry for immigration , it 's going to be very difficult to prove their origin . 
  this only really applies to those who are actively seeking refugee status in turkey and are thus registered with the authorities . 
  with that said , point taken . 
  i was n't aware there was an agreement between turkey and the eu regarding this . 
  it 's not quite that simple . 
  first and foremost , there are differing staging points at which migrants leave for europe . 
  for instance , most who enter malta typically leave from libya . 
  secondly , turkey is overburdened due to the war in syria and finally , you ca n't ( provided they do n't have any identification ) . 
  you would cause a diplomatic incident if you tried to do so . 
  to where ? 
  even if you do n't care about their personal safety , the fact remains that many do n't have any form of identification . 
   or we could just build a big wall ? 
  around the mediterranean sea ? 
   the eu should send them help via echo .
