  selling state assets at a ridiculously low profit margins and cutting spending in a recessionary period certainly helped the greek economy . 
  oh , that 's right . 
  it did n't . 
  [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ), 
  realistically , no one of sound mind actually taught they could maintain a surplus of 4.5 % , especially given their negative balance of payments . 
  it was , and is , a ludicrous assumption to begin with . 
  there was really nothing he could do , given how stubborn the creditors have been in attempting to preserve their failed structural adjustment program . 
   gdp is down 25 % for 2014 . 
  if you think gdp has only fallen at a rate of 25 % since the 08 recession , you 're either being deliberately misleading , or ignorant . 
  greek national income has plummeted , using any statistics that are recorded as a % of gdp is both misleading and disingenuous . 
   seems to me that syriza wanted either a very one-sided deal their proposal is rather moderate and consists of a huge amount of concessions , most of which i ( as a person on the left of the political spectrum ) actually disagreed with . 
  in contrast , the creditors have consistently defended a failed program to the point were it has become clear , that they are not concerned with an actual negotiation . 
  instead , they want capitulation . 
  separate but equal . 
  is this a joke ? 
  i know , but a surplus of 1 % is n't going to meet the expectations mandated by creditors . 
  expected loans must be pro longed , if the surplus is lowered . 
   using the peak of that bubble to base your argument is simply dishonest . 
  not what i 'm doing . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  because it 's the surplus needed to meet the current maturity expectation in conjunction with the rate of interest . 
   this has already been done in 2012 . 
  the imf primary surplus demands were issued post-2012 and pertain to the current situation . 
  then interest rates must be reduced , or the loan expectations must be prolonged . 
   the baltics went through another crisis in 2008 . 
  the baltics are far more complicated . 
  let 's take latvia for an example . 
  austerity actually had a negative impact on growth overall . 
  lets start at the beginning , in 2009 gdp fell by over 17 percent after the imf/ecb conditions were implemented . 
  this drastically decreased growth to the point of depression levels . 
  with that said , after three further years of austerity implementation , gdp grew by 5.4 percent in 2011 , and about 4.4 percent in 2012 . 
  this was due in fact to latvia regaining competitiveness through weaker wages . 
  now this all sounds great , but it 's slightly more complicated . 
  [ latvia 's strong growth in recent years only exists due to the low base it came from ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/09/19/latvian-adventures/ ) . 
  in reality , the unemployment rate of 10.6 % is far higher than pre crisis levels . 
  real gdp is still below pre crisis levels and growth is beginning to stagnate to levels that are more representative . 
  as kurgman put it :  rapid growth over a short period following a deep slump does not constitute a success story ; by that measure , america was a tower of prosperity in the depths of the great depression . 
  it 's much more informative to focus on levels , both of output and of unemployment , and compare them with the pre-crisis peak . 
  once you contrast lativa 's economic reforms with the reforms that involved keynesian expansionist policy and the implementation of stimulus packages , it 's quite clear that the new-keynesian policies are far more efficient . 
   totally agree , greece could n't run it 's 10 % deficit any longer because nobody was willing to lend them money any more . 
  i think reforms were needed to bring down the deficit to a more reasonable level , but does anyone seriously think that a primary surplus of 4.5 % ( as demanded by the imf ) is feasible ? 
   comparing it with the post soviet economies is much more realistic . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is ridiculous . 
  you could n't seriously compare a rapid transition from a planned economy to a free market economy , to that of a debt sustainability crisis . 
  as an aside , the fall in gdp for greece occurred mostly while enacting the austerity measures mandated by the structural adjustment program . 
  yes , because somehow , a country which has a negative balance of payments , little to no capital savings from previous economic expansion periods and plummeting national income figures , will procure a primary surplus of 4.5 % in order to meet the necessary requirements to meet the expectations demanded by its creditors in order to pay back its debt . 
  that 's completely feasible . 
  by propaganda , i assume you mean reality . 
  the structural adjustment program has not resulted in the expectations set by troika models and has , for the most part , been a catastrophic failure . 
  [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ), 
  there has been a huge degree of `` reform '' undertaken due to the structural adjustment program , and it was an unmitigated disaster . 
  the `` change '' the creditors demand is the same failed idea that cutting spending in a recessionary period will somehow , bring about a rise in total economic activity . 
  finland does n't have a debt to gdp ratio of 175 % and has n't had to abide by a structural adjustment program that has decimated national income figures . 
  in essence , finland 's debt is actually sustainable . 
   was not even talking about the cause of the crisis ah , that makes more sense . 
  sorry if i was misquoting you , it 's getting late . 
   investments in greece are desperately needed a european investment bank would be a superb idea , if politically possible . 
   manage corruption i think most people agree with the sentiment , but the reality is more complicated . 
  undisclosed income is notoriously difficult to legislate for . 
   judiciary i do n't really think you can fault the judiciary as they only act based on legislation , which is a parliamentary matter . 
  thanks for the heads up on the sgb , i was n't really aware of that . 
   the root of the problem is less the sustainability of greeces debt ( which is already significantly lower than in the beginning of the crisis ) in what way ? 
  the deterioration of national income in conjunction with the high levels of debt have only increased the rate of debt in relation to gdp . 
   greek economy lacks competitiveness and that the greek economy lacks larger industry branches in general . 
  they do , but i 'd be weary about attributing the cause of the crisis to just red tape and bureaucracy . 
   france is far off the 3 % maastricht criteria massatricht treaty only applies to counties who intend to enter the emu , not existing members . 
  regardless , can you be a bit more specific ? 
  do n't most ez countries violates the maastricht treaty in some form , especially considering current levels of debt to gdp . 
   charging interest is not irresponsible since the lender states have to borrow that money themselves most ez creditors can borrow at much lower rates . 
  addressing the root of the problem ( ie feasibility of debt ) benefits all partners in the long run . 
   germany , the netherlands , finland and austria ? 
  for the most part , yes  france and italy would struggle giving in to any debt relief . 
  italy definitely would , france less so . 
  france certainly has problems , but there not nearly as dire as many people like to assume . 
   also , this would never get a majority in our parliament i could see a cut in interest rates passing , not any direct debt haircuts . 
   the interest rates are already cut to a level that is lower than the regular borrowing cost of many european states . 
  * offered , to my knowledge they have n't been cut . 
  greece 's crisis is one of debt sustainability . 
  charging any interest is in my view , irresponsible . 
  at the very least , it should be cut to a rate lower than 2.6 % -4 % of gdp . 
  it could , and i 'd argue that a reasonably degree of debt could be conceded , but mostly from the more `` prosperous '' ez nations . 
  personally , i think a better solution would be to cut interest rates which will probably be the path we will find ourselves on , provided the greek parliament approve of the agreement . 
  it really would n't . 
  it 's never going to happen due to political circumstances , but a feasible % of the debt could be conceded by major creditors in ez member states . 
   ultra capitalistic reforms  you might be over-reacting a bit perhaps he is , but given the recent ecb/imf austerity measures , you ca n't expect people on the left to completely embrace the eu as an institution . 
  with the exception of the judicial body of the eu , i find it difficult to reconcile my political beliefs with the dominating opinion of most eu institutions .
