  that 's it . 
  truly radical , lenin would be proud . 
   upon the sale of a small business or upon the death or retirement of the owner . 
  til , establishing a co-operative fund for small businesses with no present owner and gaining the approval of both the consumers , and workers to do so is now seen as far left . 
  the green 's are n't the `` far left '' . 
  that is by far , the stupidest thing i 've heard today . 
  they pretty much follow the standard liberal progressive routine when it comes to all their policies . 
  hell , the most left wing policy they have is some minor renationalisation of previously owned public utilities . 
  they 're not quite the die hard communists you think they are . 
  it 's slightly more complicated . 
  for those unaware , sinn fein 's current popularity has little to do with irish reunification . 
  right now , they are seen as the only viable anti-austerity party . 
  this is the driving factor behind their success . 
  as for adams , it would n't surprise me if he stepped down , mary lou mcdonald would be a far more suitable candidate , not to mention the fact that she does n't have the same stigma attached to her name . 
  i disagree , provided you have the right regulations in place , surrogacy can be a very viable path . 
  as for children , their well being depends on the actions of their parents , not the biological lineage of their ancestors . 
   it still does not cancel the fact that the growth was outstanding . 
  gdp measures total economic activity , the fact that the entire latvian economy was at the point of depression has hindered potential growth . 
  latvia 's current growth is mostly coming in the form of lost growth . 
   so what ? 
  i do n't think you quite understand what i 'm saying . 
  the crisis has had a net negative impact on real growth . 
  in contrast , new-keynesian policies have performed far better at retaining pre-crisis levels of growth . 
   it is still much better than it might had been if krugmans advices would had been followed . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
   you basically are suggesting that the facts that contradict krugman 's claims shall be dropped no , i 'm not . 
  again , did you read what i wrote ? 
   came out as a winner . 
  not really , austerity actually had a negative impact on growth overall . 
  lets start at the beginning , in 2009 gdp fell by over 17 percent after the imf/ecb conditions were implemented . 
  this drastically decreased growth to the point of depression levels . 
  with that said , after three further years of austerity implementation , gdp grew by 5.4 percent in 2011 , and about 4.4 percent in 2012 . 
  this was due in fact to latvia regaining competitiveness through weaker wages . 
  now this all sounds great , but it 's slightly more complicated . 
  latvia 's strong growth in recent years only exists due to the low base it came from . 
  in reality , the unemployment rate of 10.6 % is far higher than pre crisis levels . 
  real gdp is still below pre crisis levels and growth is beginning to stagnate to levels that are more representative . 
  as kurgman put it :  rapid growth over a short period following a deep slump does not constitute a success story ; by that measure , america was a tower of prosperity in the depths of the great depression . 
  it 's much more informative to focus on levels , both of output and of unemployment , and compare them with the pre-crisis peak . 
  once you contrast lativa 's economic reforms with the reforms that involved keynesian expansionist policy and the implementation of stimulus packages , it 's quite clear that the new-keynesian policies are far more efficient . 
  for the most part , it was caused by large scale developers . 
  of course , the banks did lend to individual clients who had absolutely no chance of paying back said loans but imho , large scale construction firms were by far the largest culprit ( in conjunction with the banks for obvious reasons ) . 
  the government actually maintained a very low debt to gdp ratio and ran a primary surplus prior to the recession . 
  our recession was predominantly caused by the housing market which was propped up by government funds and reckless mortgage assets . 
  eventually , a banking crisis was triggered as it became clear clients could n't procure enough funds for the demands of creditors . 
  capital flight and banking withdrawals ensued and the government proceeded to bail out the banks ( through the use imf/ecb funds ) to prevent further contagion . 
  it 's literally a mural , that 's it . 
  i taught it was well done , so i posted it . 
  you ( and him ) are quite clearly overeating . 
   obnoxious and intrusive i suppose it depends on your personal views , but it 's no more intrusive than any other pdas : http://andberlin.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/alicc3a9-kissing-couple.jpg http://www.barcelonalowdown.com/barcelona-lowdown/uploads/2014/02/urban-art-barcelona-glories.jpg, 
  the yes campaign is still polling really well at 76 % but remains relatively low among the older age bracket ( 65 + ) . 
   and it is said that another mural of two women will be installed at another location in dublin/ireland later this week . 
  that 's great . 
  i may take a trip down and take a few photos and post them here ( if anyone is interested ) . 
   could not find any explanation as to my question though . 
  i 'm not sure if there is any particular reason , it could just be his general style and tone . 
  most of his art tends to follow a similar style . 
  for instance : https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7179/6976139170_508fd68ca2.jpg http://gallery.munsterimages.ie/limerick-city-of-culture-2014/our-nations-sons-joe-caslin/i-kn4tppn/1/l/img_9668-l.jpg, 
  while , first i do n't think you can equate the two ideologies . 
  second , you 're right . 
  no political ideologies should be banned in a liberal democratic society . 
   the trade union has more power - it can organize demonstrations , protests , mass grassroots campaigns against or for something . 
  at one point , you could have definitely made this argument . 
  with that said , you have to bare in mind that unions do n't have the same protections now as they did in the 1980s . 
  without genuine government protection and labour regulation , trade unions ca n't adequately lobby for labour rights . 
  this does n't just apply to unions btw . 
  advocate groups such as amnesty are n't going to be afforded the same influence as corporations who benefit from human rights abuses . 
  it just seems far to problematic for my liking . 
   i do n't think lobbying is something that inherently bad . 
  the problem with lobbying is that it determines the most important political legislation based on the accumulation of capital . 
  without restrictions , large industrialists are going to have a greater say than trade unionists . 
  from a democratic point of view , lobbying can be problematic . 
  in some eastern european nations , yes . 
  there have been a few threads recently in which a decent amount of so called `` liberals '' defended a ukrainian ban on communist symbols . 
  communism and communist symbols should n't be banned . 
   leaving borris johnson as the favourite for tory leader . 
  please god no , anyone but him . 
   the betting markets have proved historically better at predicting elections in the uk than polls . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  surprising , considering that most of the polling agencies in the uk are pretty good . 
   cameron did this deliberately he did , and probably wo n't suffer personally but miliband will appear more formidable and parliamentary ( i never taught i would say that )  we will see though !, 
  regardless of the outcome , it 's going to be some election . 
   sturgeon repeated this morning that she is not talkling about a coalition . 
  confidence and supply would obviously be much more likely . 
  with that said , i would n't rule out a coalition just yet . 
   here are other potential alternatives that are potentially possible , a minority labour administration with confidence and supply from other parties . 
  that is far more likely . 
  however , i 'm not sure labour would be thrilled with the prospect of of a possible motion of confidence depending on the whims of the snp . 
   betting markets ... and most polls have them averaging a high 270 to a low 280 . 
   i expect that figure to go up . 
  given the fact that cameron did n't attend the last round of debates , i doubt that . 
   from your most recent post i do n't know whether or not you are saying there will be an snp/labour coalition or not . 
  i 'm saying that the snp 's tune has quite clearly changed recently despite their original intention . 
  labour will continue to insist that they will not enter a coalition but when push comes to shove , they 're going enter a coalition . 
  the alternative is either another ge or conservative government , both of which labour do not want . 
   they may well have around 25 seats , which may well be the balance of power . 
  the tories may well get around 290-300 seats . 
  this would effectively make a con/lib government possible . 
  that 's not very probable imho . 
  most polls have both labour and con at 270 and 280 .
