  in contrast , the current prime minister has made previous statements condemning such rhetoric . 
  granted , bilt and spiegel understand that this narrative does n't quite cause the same degree of outrage , thus they resort to virulent sensationalist titles and columns condemning ordinary working greeks who probably have more in common with ordinary working germans than those who were actually responsible for the recession . 
   greece still has a way lower suicide rate than many northern countries though . 
  stop placing such a strong emphasis on greek suicides like it 's the end of the world -- it is n't . 
  the point was that the harsh austerity measures enforced by the troika has had a profound increase on the greek suicide rate . 
  just because other countries may have a greater rate , does n't negate this fact . 
   should we all start sending money to finland to help alleviate their much larger suicide problem ? 
  finland 's suicide rate is more complicated and has n't been linked to austerity policies as far a i know . 
   things can still get way worse . 
  as opposed to the utter and unmitigated disaster of the supposed [ aims of the troika  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  this benign notion that you can enact stringent austerity measures during a recessionary period has unilaterally failed . 
  and yet , the classically liberal establishment demand that the greeks carry out the same policies which have continued to harm their economy . 
  it 's insane . 
  not really surprising , the statement was said by the leader of the independent greeks , the right wing coalition partner . 
  the left tends to be critical of such right wing rhetoric . 
  even more encouraging was the motion in favour of repealing the eighth amendment which for those unaware , essentially acts as the basis for the criminalisation of abortion . 
  the motion was mostly championed by mary lou mcdonald , the vice president of sinn f\u00e9in and if rumors are to be believed , the next leader of sinn f\u00e9in . 
  epp , center right conservative - yes ( 219 ) s&d , center left social democrats - no ( 191 ) alde , centrist with classical liberal tendencies - yes ( 68 ) gue/ngl , socialists and other leftists - no ( 52 ) greens-efa , green politics - no ( 50 ) efdd , right wing populist and conservative - probably abstention but too difficult to say ( 47 ) ecr , right wing conservative - yes ( 72 ) ( possible abstention ) independents - various political leanings , most will vote no but again , it 's far too difficult to tell ( 52 ) should be a close call but the odds are stacking against the epp . 
  the fate of the agreement will certainly come into question without the consent of the social democrats . 
  under a russian backed invasion in which there was allegations of thuggery and no genuine political oversight . 
  no , there was a proxy election under seen by bias representatives after a russian invasion , our ideas of democracy obviously differ . 
   motivated during war . 
  yes , but a war in your direct proximity usually hinders growth for obvious reasons . 
   that 's true , but it proves their ideology was n't better in that regard . 
  i 'm not a pacifist . 
  sometimes war is necessary unfortunately . 
   neither did russian communists advocate in fairness , they did advocate for workers control but under the guidance of the state . 
  i agree , in the literal sense they did n't achieve socialism but i think it was their intent despite the reality . 
   that was extreme form of capitalism , there was no `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' but `` dictatorship for the proletariat '' , internationalism / `` revolution all around the world '' concept was used to hide russian territorial expansion/imperialism ( in nazi germany that would be lebensraum concept ) , `` class consciousness '' was indeed advocated but only for lenin & co to gain power . 
  yup , completely agree, 
  the lviv area was settled by the 5th century by white croatia , a mixed european ethnic group . 
   forcefully taken away the current ukrainian 's are no more responsible for the actions of their ancestors than modern day briton 's are responsible for the irish potato famine . 
  it 's a terrible argument . 
   do you support the annexation of crimea ? 
  self determination can only be achieved via democratic means and not in the name of imperialist powers . 
   they killed thousands of civilians . 
  as have capitalists , that tends to be the overlying affect of wars unfortunately and is n't confined to one ideology . 
   does every ( losing ) participant in a civil war prove that its ideology has `` great potential '' ? 
  i 'm speaking in terms of economic productivity which greatly increased despite the war . 
  no , not under the current confounds of an invasion but i would support the right to self determination . 
   was at some point , many cities belong to various people , do each have a claim on their supposed homeland  their own right at the moment , the poles only account for 1 % of the population . 
  why should their right supersede the rights of others ? 
  because that city is now home to new people who have their own right to self determination . 
  not all forms of communism are the same . 
  yes , but it 's the same notion that allows for ideas such as claims on lviv . 
   which one are you even talking about catalonia ( the industrial heartland of spain ) , did you read my original comment ? 
   can not function outside of a civil war of some kind . 
  communism in spain failed due to the civil war . 
  the very fact that it was such a success in that environment speaks volumes for its potential . 
  the nazi ideology completely embraced nationalism and it was this embrace that allowed for their justification to unite all german speaking people and regain pre-versaille territory . 
  the nazi 's did n't advocate for worker control over the means of production , denounced internationalism , embraced nationalism and rejected fundamental marxist taught such as class consciousness . 
  they were what is known as corporatists , not socialists . 
  in essence , they were a completely different political ideology . 
  you gain personal satisfaction for accomplishments you had absolutely nothing to do with is essentially what you are trying to say ? 
   takes credit from their ancestors actions . 
  they absolutely do , it was this notion that lead to the initial annexation of the polish corridor by germany in ww2 . 
  you can derive satisfaction from their pleasure , yes , but you can not take credit for their actions which nationalist such as yourself consistently attempt to do . 
   nationalist ideals are perfectly logical and understandable . 
  pride should be reserved for your accomplishments , not the accomplishments of others . 
  it 's a naive and idiotic ideology . 
  you specifically use the word `` socialist '' . also , in no way was the original comment you linked referring to the soviet union alone , it was a reply the the entirety of a political ideology . 
   obscue huh , did n't know that a major province in a developed western nation could be seen as remote . 
   please do . 
  rojava and the current actions undertaken by the kurdistan government . 
  want me to keep on going ? 
   took notes nazi 's deny the existence of class warfare , murder ethnic minorities in the name of nationalism and consistently denounce internationalist policies . 
  clearly you have no idea what various communist ideas actually entail and can only resort to the bizarre notion of the soviet union being to be all and end all of a varied political ideology . 
   i hate all nazis ... ftfy, 
  ah , i forgot . 
  all forms of communism are exactly the same accept for council communes in the netherlands and germany , the free catalonia republic , the free ukraine territory ... . want me to continue ? 
   only brings death and destruction as opposed to capitalism which is and has been responsible for numerous famines and imperialist genocides . 
   when he rationalizes putin 's actions he is essentially saying they are not wrong . 
  not really , for instance , i can attempt to understand the actions of those i disagree with but that does n't necessarily mean i actually agree with them . 
  political views are a matter of opinion , i 'm not quite sure how you can `` discredit '' an entire political ideology ( anarcho-syndicalism ) . 
   he 's still a nutjob with respect to international relations . 
  going to assume you 're speaking about international policy and not specifically relations . 
  the only point at which chomsky speaks about relations are when he touches upon imperialism . 
  most of his political works are essentially reiterations of rocker and in some cases kropotkin . 
  nothing he says are huge deviations from standard anarcho-communism which has had a long history of contribution to political science . 
  he questioned the bias present in the us media at the time , he no longer holds to those beliefs . 
   he 's discredited he 's a linguist , how do any of his political views discredit his academic work ? 
  the man is a genius , regardless of his political views . 
  perhaps you should consider actually reading his work before coming to such conclusions . 
  he 's not a geopoltical scientist/economists , he 's a political commentator . 
  as for his political stance , i can cite quite a few respected anarcho-syndicalists contributions to modern political science if you are interested . 
   it 's the kind of stuff that bachelor students go for . 
  lovely argument , subscribe to the current capitalist consensus or you 're obviously just a naive student who does n't know any better . 
   the 3rd home rule bill passed parliament and was ready to be implemented , then world war i happened , which i am sure you will concede was of higher concern to the government . 
  to the british government , yes . 
  it 's important to note that the only reason the bill passed was due to the fact that the house of lords could only veto a certain number of proposals as liberal reforms accerted the supremacy of the house of commons by limiting the power of the suspensory veto . 
   what 's more democratic then 1500 people with guns taking over some buildings in dublin and claiming to speak for 4.5 million people . 
  this could be applied to almost any uprising . 
  a truly independent republic could never be achieved via democratic means considering the context of the era . 
   the penal laws , which were also on the books in britain were based on religion not nationality .
