  [ thankfully , they already have . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/echo/news/syrian-refugees-reach-four-million-mark_en )  a country that is on the brink of defaulting can not be expected to deal with this all on its own . 
  the way the eu has dealt with the migrant crisis has been shameful . 
  key member states who are net recipients of economic development funds , are consistently protesting at the fact that they may be required to meet higher quotas regarding migrants . 
  of course , the issues facing migrants does n't end at the stubbornness of some member states . 
  nope !, 
  on top of this , migrants also have to deal with a long process regarding asylum applications , as most member states do n't have the necessary means to deal with the situation at hand . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  if we really want to address the situation , greater political integration and co-operation is needed in relation to immigration legislation . 
  when i was younger , i remember thinking that in ireland , we 'd never get away with airing two lesbians kissing on tv . 
  oh , how times have changed . 
   there 's incremental increases for the next three years , starting with 1 % this year and continuing with 2 % ( 2016 ) , 3 % ( 2017 ) and 3.5 % ( 2018 ) . 
  yep , missed the brackets . 
  my mistake . 
  still surprised that it is n't tied to growth in gdp . 
  makes it slightly better but it 's still relatively high , all things considered . 
  hopefully so . 
  absolutely nothing regarding debt restructuring . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  edit : a primary surplus of 1,2,3 and 3.5 percent of gdp for the next four years . 
  who , in the name of god , thought this was a good idea ? 
   eliminate discounts on islands terrible idea . 
  these islands depend heavily on tourism and any increase in vat could easily detour tourists . 
  some decent reforms dealing with tax evasion . 
  removing the solidarity grant for pensioners is harsh . 
  i was under the impression that was one of syriza supposed red lines , no ? 
  wow , some very harsh pension reform . 
  wage grid standardization was to be expected . 
  no surprises there . 
  if they can pass this through parliament , many consultants will be very happy . 
  a fair amount of market liberalization . 
  privatization of state electrical company . 
  yea , the left platform is n't going to agree to this . 
   the government and hradf will announce binding bid dates for piraeus and thessaloniki ports of no later than end-october 2015 , and for trainose rosco , with no material changes in the terms of the tenders . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm calling it . 
  the party is going to be split over this . 
  medium term surplus of 3.5 % is far too high . 
  are they expecting to reduce unemployment by employing everyone as a consultant ? 
  a very calm and collected response . 
   combat gay fever this has to be a joke . 
  most of the booing is coming for the epp block , the center-right conservative party . 
   syriza is also partnering with sinn fein in ireland which i believe is a far-right party . 
  left wing . 
  to be precise , they 're ex-marxists turned dem socialists . 
  i 'm still a bit skeptical as to how left-wing they are , but i 'm probably going to vote for them . 
   a coalition i 'd rather shoot myself than collude with the likes of the front national . 
  i despise everything about them . 
   context of specific public sector reforms such as a removal of early pension retirements in the public service ? 
  removal of early pension retirements and linking primary surplus obligations with gdp are n't genuine reforms ? 
   no binding terms that the government could be held to . 
  such as linking primary surplus obligations with a growth in gdp ? 
  just one ? 
  fine , removal of early retirements in the public service . 
  want me to continue , because i can . 
  that the syriza government have proposed no new reforms . 
  edit : regardless of what you think of the reforms proposed , you do have admit that that statement is completely untrue . 
  he deliberately made factually incorrect statements in order to appeal to the broader public narrative and routinely held to the view , that the problems lie with elite institutions of government , namely the syriza government . 
  sounds awfully similar to populism . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cj0ni/live_now_juncker_tusk_and_tsipras_are_addressing/ not to metion the fact that he 's essentially become the face of european federalism , which most people here support . 
   populism is regrettable , regardless of whether it is performed by tsipras , merkel or the european liberals . 
  i 'd agree , but i 'm beginning to think that it 's becoming more of a political slur at this stage than a genuine term . 
   you are talking about reforms but we never see concrete proposals for reforms . 
  i 'm angry because we are sleep walking to a grexit . 
  but the austerity policies have been adhered to ( ie the reforms carried out by the troika ) . 
  i never really understood this idea that somehow , greece can be entirely blamed for the current debt sustainability crisis . 
  certainly , the actions of previous governments play a part , but you have to keep in mind that greece have followed the structural program as mandated by the troika for the past five to six years so i 'd disagree with the premise of the statement . 
  despite this , greece has still not met the models set by the troika . 
  on the contrary , [ conditions have worsened due to the austerity policies carried out by the new democracy government  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
   what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  if he 's speaking about the syriza government , he 's either misinformed or spouting populist rhetoric ( ironically ) . 
  perhaps he has n't been paying attention but syriza have proposed a concrete proposal that actually addressed the problems at hand , but it was rejected by the creditors . 
  considering how populist his speech was , i 'm surprised most people here love him ( given their supposed disdain for populism ) . 
   expired proposals . 
  unless we 're aware of the proposal today , is n't that all we can base our views upon ? 
   what , specifically , was the impact of the referendum then ? 
  because he had no mandate as he campaigned both against austerity measures , and continuing with membership of the eurozone . 
   up to greece to actually say when they present the new reforms that they are trying to do as some sort of unity force . 
  they have . 
   anything they presented before is n't on the table right now . 
  its been two days . 
  ugh , listening to some of these speeches . 
  it 's no wonder euroscepticism is on the rise . 
   they really talking about reforms but are light on what those specific reforms are at this point . 
  for christs sake , am i the only one who actually read the reform proposals during the negotiations ? 
  he 's europe 's darling federalist . 
  ironically , it was one of the most populist speeches i 've heard so far . 
  but the austerity policies have been adhered to ( ie the reforms carried out by the troika ) . 
  i never really understood this idea that somehow , greece can be entirely blamed for the current debt sustainability crisis . 
  certainly , the actions of previous governments play a part , but you have to keep in mind that greece have followed the structural program as mandated by the troika for the past five to six years so i 'd disagree with the premise of the statement . 
  despite this , greece has still not met the models set by the troika . 
  on the contrary , [ conditions have worsened due to the austerity policies carried out by the new democracy government  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
   what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare .
