  with much more , and more persistent , unemployment in greece , the fall in wages has been much more persistent . 
  so we would expect a much larger and more persistent improvement in competitiveness and exports . 
  but here we have a small puzzle : neither has happened . 
  here are export volumes in both countries . 
  the pattern is similar , but if anything the improvement in exports has been greater in ireland than greece . 
  is this where stories of structural weaknesses in greece come in ? 
  in one sense yes . 
  greece certainly exports less than you might expect given the usual ( ` gravity ' ) models that economists use to explain such things , as this european commission study shows . 
  the study also argues that you can explain this finding by institutional weaknesses in greece 's economy . 
  that in turn is one factor behind a very important difference between ireland and greece . 
  ireland is much more open , which means that any percentage increase in exports will have a much bigger impact on gdp and employment than in greece . 
  ( it also receives much more foreign direct investment . ), 
  in technical terms , if the slope of the phillips curve is similar in both countries , greece 's adjustment was always going to be more difficult , because it is a much less open economy . 
  however it is not clear why these structural differences should make greek exports less responsive to any change in wages . 
  what appears to explain this puzzle is that competitiveness in greece has improved much less than in ireland , even though the fall in wages has been greater . 
  theodore pelagidis at brookings has an explanation : other non-labour costs have gone up to offset these lower labour costs , particularly energy prices . 
  he writes : `` part of the adjustment program greece had proceeded to significantly increase excise taxes on energy used in productive activities ... . . the resulting evolution of exports in energy intensive sectors like steel and textiles is most revealing . 
  in spite of the large fall in wages , the rapid increase in energy costs meant that exports of these commodities , price takers on the international market , plummeted ... . . these two sectors largely account for the stagnation of greek non-fuel exports '' to what extent these increases in energy taxes were sanctioned by the troika is unclear . 
  however one of the measures imposed as part of the latest agreement is an increase in vat for the tourist industry , which of course will also hit competitiveness in that industry . 
  in both these cases , austerity measures have and will actively hinder the way the economy adjusts to fiscal consolidation . 
  to sum up , the main reason greece has suffered so much more than ireland is that the amount of austerity imposed on greece has been much greater . 
  any recession is also likely to be greater because greece is a less open economy , so a larger internal devaluation is required to offset the impact of austerity . 
  one final factor is that large cuts in wages have not been translated into improvements in competitiveness , in part because of the way austerity was implemented . 
  [ when labour lost its soul , and the next election by simon wren-lewis . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/07/when-labour-lost-its-soul-and-next.html ) even the seasoned political commentators who are sympathetic to labour can not understand the reported popularity of jeremy corbyn , the left wing candidate for the labour party leadership . 
  perhaps those party members with more centrist views have left during miliband 's leadership , they muse , leaving constituency parties dominated by the far left . 
  these commentators may be right that if corbyn was elected it would be electorally disastrous for labour , but in failing to correctly understand his relative popularity they show how dangerous the westminster bubble has become . 
  it is not labour party members who have changed , but the position of most of their potential leaders . 
  if you want to see the tragedy of what is currently happening to labour , you just need to look at the welfare bill that was debated in parliament yesterday . 
  this bill \u25cf repeals most of the child poverty act , and in particular abandons poverty reduction targets \u25cf tightens the ` benefits cap ' , the total amount a family can receive in benefits \u25cf extends the freeze on working age benefits for the next four years \u25cf limits child tax credits ( subsidies for the low paid ) to the first two children although labour tabled amendments to this bill , after those were inevitably defeated it abstained rather than voting against . 
  of the four leadership candidates , only corbyn defied this party line . 
  labour did not vote against this bill despite the inevitable result that it will increase child poverty . 
  indeed , an apt title for this bill would be the ` increasing child poverty ' bill . 
  one of the great achievements of the last labour government was to reduce child poverty , largely through the system of tax credits , and today 's labour party has abstained on a bill that will set about dismantling and reversing that . 
  i doubt if any labour party members think now is the time to start increasing child poverty . 
  they wanted child poverty reduced under the last labour government , and with the number using foodbanks in the uk rocketing , they hardly think now is the time to reverse that . 
  for many party members reducing poverty is a core labour value - it is one of the reasons they joined . 
  so why on earth did labour not vote against this bill ? 
  the main reason labour gives is that they must ` listen to the electorate ' . 
  measures to ` reduce welfare ' are popular among voters . 
  it is popular because voters constantly see stories in the press and tv about people living the ` benefits lifestyle ' , and justifiably resent that . 
  this is what people mean by ` reducing welfare ' . 
  but if you ask people about child poverty , they overwhelmingly believe that it should be a government priority to reduce it . 
  there are not stories about the hardship that poverty causes every day in the media , and how the welfare system is vital in preventing even worse . 
  so welfare is associated with supporting scroungers rather than reducing poverty . 
  the other excuse often given by labour mps for supporting measures of this kind is that they need to show they are competent to run the economy , which alas nowadays means reducing the deficit . 
  yet we know there is no macroeconomic logic in reducing the deficit as rapidly and as far as osborne plans . 
  again labour appeal to what voters believe , never mind the reality . 
  in addition , this government is cutting inheritance tax for the better off . 
  so not opposing this welfare bill is equivalent to saying that the children of the poor must pay so that the rich can pass on more of their wealth . 
  this electoral strategy of moving the party to the right by abandoning its core values seems doomed to failure . 
  unless the plan is to outdo the conservatives in dismantling the welfare state , labour will always be seen as ` soft on welfare ' by the electorate . 
  even if they voted with the government on every single deficit reduction measure , the conservatives will still argue that labour 's claims to be competent at running the economy are not credible , and use the unchallenged assertion that labour caused austerity as evidence . 
  in addition , following the conservatives to the right is potentially suicidal because it takes for granted that those on the left will continue to vote for them . 
  if you want to know the disaster that can befall those who follow this ` a bit to the left of the conservatives ' strategy , look at what happened in scotland , and look at what happened to the liberal democrats . 
  however it would be very foolish to think that the libdems are no longer important in uk politics . 
  their new leader , tim farron , will undoubtedly try and fill the void that labour leaves on the centre left , and i think he has every chance of succeeding . 
  his party voted against the ` increasing child poverty ' bill . 
  he said `` the truth is the tories do not have to cut # 12bn from welfare : they are choosing to . 
  the liberal democrats will always stand up for families . 
  we will not let the conservatives , through choice , and the labour party , through silence , unpick our welfare system . '', 
  i 've also seen it reported that he said he would have attended the recent anti-austerity march . 
  if he campaigns against what he could call osborne 's ` excessive and obsessive austerity ' , his eclipse of labour on the left is assured . 
  for those who think that poverty should be reduced and the rise in food banks is an indication of social failure , it will be pretty obvious who to vote for in 2020 . 
  source : [ mainly macro - simon wren-lewis ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2015/08/a-way-forward-for-centre-left-on.html ) -------------------------------------------------------------------- when it comes to fiscal policy the politics of the right at the moment [ 1 ] could be reasonably described as deficit fetishism . 
  the policy of the centre left in europe could also with some justification be described as growing appeasement towards deficit fetishism . 
  given its success for the right in europe , it seems unlikely that this side of the political spectrum will change its policy any time soon . 
  [ 2 ] things appear a little more malleable on the centre left . 
  in the uk , in particular , we will shortly have new leaders of both labour and the liberal democrats . 
  in addition , the scottish nationalists have adopted the rhetoric of austerity , even though their fiscal numbers were not far from the other opposition parties during the elections . 
  attempts to get the centre left to avoid deficit fetishism need to fight on two separate fronts . 
  first , politicians and/or their advisers need to be taught some macroeconomics . 
  academics too often assume that politicians either know more than they actually do , or have behind them a network of researchers some of whom do know some macroeconomics , or who have access to macro expertise . 
  ( i used to believe that . ), 
  the reality seems to be very different : through lack of resources or lack of interest , the knowledge of left of centre politicians and their advisers often does not extend beyond mediamacro . 
  the second front involves the politics of persuasion : how can politicians successfully persuade voters that deficit fetishism , far from representing responsible government , in fact represents a simplistic approach that can do ( and has done ) serious harm ? 
  i think for academics this is a far more difficult task for two reasons . 
  first our skills are not those of an advertising agency , and we are trained to follow the scientific method rather than act as a lawyer arguing their case ( although , if you believe paul romer , the scientific method is not universally adopted among macroeconomists ) . 
  second , the experience of the last five years on the centre left is that deficit fetishism helps win elections . 
  it my last post i tried to argue why the success of deficit fetishism was peculiar to a particular time : the period after the recession when households were also cutting back on their borrowing , and where the eurozone crisis appeared to validate the case for austerity . 
  in other times households try to borrow to invest in a house , and firms try to borrow to invest in good projects . 
  as a result , once the debt to gdp ratio has begun to fall , and yet interest rates remain low , the power of alternative narratives like ` it makes sense to borrow to invest in the future when borrowing is cheap ' will increase . 
  yet responding to deficit fetishism by implying the deficit does not matter , or that we can print money instead , or even that we can grow our way out of the problem , is unlikely to convince many . 
  [ 3 ] it just seems too easy , and contradicts people 's personal experience . 
  the trick is to appear responsible on the deficit , but at the same time suggesting that responsibility is not equivalent to fetishism , and other things matter too . 
  i think this provides a powerful motivation at this time for a policy that is designed to obtain balance on the current balance ( taxes less non-investment spending ) rather than eliminating the total deficit . 
  this is far from ideal from a macroeconomic point of view , as i discuss here , but as a political strategy in the current context it has considerable appeal . 
  in the uk it allows you to attack the ` excessive and obsessive austerity ' of osborne , who is ` failing to invest in the future ' , while following a policy that it is difficult to label irresponsible . 
  [ 4 ] of course this policy was close to that adopted by labour , the liberal democrats and the snp at the last election , so many will just say it has already failed . 
  i think this is nonsense for three reasons . 
  first , the policy i 'm advocating is a combination of targeting a zero current balance , and at the same time arguing aggressively against excessive austerity . 
  labour deliberately avoided being dubbed anti-austerity during the election . 
  ( the liberal democrats were handicapped by arguing for austerity for the previous 5 years as part of the coalition . ), 
  the only party to adopt an anti-austerity line was the snp , and it did them no harm at all . 
  second , the reason labour wanted to avoid pushing the policy at the election was that they felt they had tried this a few years before and failed , but as i argued in the previous post deficit fetishism only shrives in a particular context , and that context is passing . 
  third , what sank labour on fiscal policy was that people swallowed the conservative line that it was labour 's profligacy that caused the need for austerity , essentially because this line went unchallenged for five years . 
  this last point is worth expanding on . 
  too many in the labour party think that because many people now believe this idea , the best thing to do is pretend it is true and apologise for past minor misdemeanours ( knowing full well it will be interpreted by everyone else as validating the conservative line ) . 
  this is almost guaranteed to lose them the next election . 
  it will just confirm that the last labour government was fiscally profligate , and the conservatives will quote labour 's apology for all it is worth .
