   actually complied with it is already recovering and doing far better but the previous government , new democracy did comply with the mandate of the structural adjustment program . 
  [ despite this , greece has still not met the expectations set by troika models  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
   what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  greece have followed the mandate to the point of attempting to obtain a ridiculously high primary surplus in a recessionary period . 
  do n't pretend they did n't just because it does n't suit your bias . 
  the results clearly show that gdp per cap is 15375 as opposed to 15463 at the peak of 08 . 
  seriously , how difficult is it to read a graph , ffs . 
  as you clearly do n't poses the skills to actually google the fact that you are wrong , here : http://data.worldbank.org/country/latvia results conducted by the world bank which provide a fucking analysis for the year 2014 . 
  please , do read it . 
   why the hell would i ignore the text telling what the data actually is ? 
  because there is a graph detailing the most current results , right below it : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp-per-capita it 's literally at the far right of the x-axis . 
  how , in the name of god can you not see this ? 
   the latest data in your link is clearly from 2013 it 's clearly not . 
   misleadingly labeled graph . 
  it 's not misleading , those are the actual figures . 
  for christs sake , just google it and the first results that comes up are confirmations of the 2014 results present in the link . 
  how can you still deny this ? 
   the latest data there is 2013 . 
  your link clearly says so : `` the gross domestic product ( gdp ) in latvia was worth 30.96 billion us dollars in 2013 . '', 
  ignore the text , and focus on the results in the graph . 
   which means the latest data in the graph is also from again , if you look at the graph , on the far right of the x axis , you will see the measurements for the year 2014 . 
  ignore the text . 
   no , it does not . 
  the latest data in your link is from 2013 . 
  graph , look at the graph . 
   they indeed are . 
  no , they are extrapolations of data focusing on cvs instead of cps . 
  there not literal calculations . 
  that was my point . 
  [ anarchists , protesting the violence inherent in the system since 1077ad . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raawvvferva ), 
  read the very first sentence in your link sigh , look at the graph right below it . 
   why insist on using old data why do you insist on not looking at the actual graph i 'm linking to which quite clearly contains the 2014 figures . 
   those three commonly used ones i just posted . 
  huh ? , those are n't calculation methods . 
   once again your graph ends at 2013 . 
  did you look at my graph ? , it shows the 2014 figures . 
   by all methods the gdp per capital has already surpassed the pre-crisis levels . 
  what methods ? 
  any gdp calculation clearly shows it has n't : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp-per-capita in the near future , it may . 
  however , right now the current gdp figures clearly contradicts what you are saying . 
  yep , that was my bad . 
  it 's late at night and i 'm finishing up exams at the moment so i 'm going to chalked that one up to fatigue . 
  any increase in the minimum wage would be the nail in the coffin for labour . 
  tbf , i think it 's pretty unlikely . 
  unless fg secure enough seats in the next ge to rule out a coalition , it does n't seem politically feasible , thankfully . 
  i think you may want to recheck some of your figures . 
  during the 2014-2015 year , not one quarter showed a growth anywhere near 4.0 % . 
  rather , it average around 2 % throughout the year : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp-growth-annual if i was being really cynical , i could point out how real growth is averaging around the .0 levels . 
   pretty close oh , it certainly is rather close ( gdp ) but people are being a bit misleading when they say that latvia has already reached pre-crisis levels , seeing as they have n't . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , i taught you were talking about 2014-2015 . 
  my bad . 
   latvia 's economy has been growing , and has indeed reached the pre-crisis levels depending a bit on what indicators are being used . 
  it has been growing , albeit at around 2 % for the past year . 
  but no , it still has not reached levels of pre-crisis growth : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp edit : just checked per cap figures , again they 're still slightly lower than peak point . 
  nope , they 're still slightly below pre-crisis levels of national income : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp  add in a growth of 4.2 % between 2013-2014 huh , generally speaking it hovered around 2 % . 
  like i said in a previous comment , their gdp is stabilizing to a level of more accurate growth patterns . 
  i 'll have to double check my figures , but i was under the impression that most of the eastern eu member states dealt with germany , northern europe and russia for trade , generally speaking . 
  perhaps the current sanctions might be hindering growth to a certain extent , but it would be surprising if it was negating annual growth by up to 2 % . 
  not to mention the fact , [ that latvia 's growth coincided with a huge slump in overall eurozone growth . 
  it 's a little difficult for me to believe that their current decrease in growth is due to the eurozone , given the fact that growth across the eurozone has actually increased . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ), 
   from that graph it seems that it 's mostly their russian minority leaving ( which were there mostly due to soviet russification efforts ) . 
  edit : to reply to your edit , their economy has been seeing strong growth in recent years ; their gdp per capita is just shy of their 2008 high , and it 's going to surpass it in 2015 . 
  they 're in a position to see undisrupted growth , which ca n't be said the same for greece . 
  latvia 's growth patterns are beginning to stabilize at a much more representative rate due to a lowered chance of regains through lost growth possibilities . 
  their growth may be undisrupted , but it 's not particularly strong at this point in time : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/latvia/gdp-growth-annual, 
   and yet the economy is growing now and gdp is back at pre-crisis levels . 
  something greece ca n't boast about . 
  [ no , it 's not . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:lva&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en_us&amp;ind=false ), 
  the baltics are far more complicated . 
  let 's take latvia for an example . 
  austerity actually had a negative impact on growth overall . 
  lets start at the beginning , in 2009 gdp fell by over 17 percent after the imf/ecb conditions were implemented . 
  this drastically decreased growth to the point of depression levels . 
  with that said , after three further years of austerity implementation , gdp grew by 5.4 percent in 2011 , and about 4.4 percent in 2012 . 
  this was due in fact to latvia regaining competitiveness through weaker wages . 
  now this all sounds great , but it 's slightly more complicated . 
  latvia 's strong growth in recent years only exists due to the low base it came from . 
  in reality , the unemployment rate of 10.6 % is far higher than pre crisis levels . 
  real gdp is still below pre crisis levels and growth is beginning to stagnate to levels that are more representative . 
  as kurgman put it :  rapid growth over a short period following a deep slump does not constitute a success story ; by that measure , america was a tower of prosperity in the depths of the great depression . 
  it 's much more informative to focus on levels , both of output and of unemployment , and compare them with the pre-crisis peak . 
  once you contrast lativa 's economic reforms with the reforms that involved keynesian expansionist policy and the implementation of stimulus packages , it 's quite clear that the new-keynesian policies are far more efficient.the other case you brought up , ca n't really be attributed to austerity policies either . 
  ireland 's export sector , unlike the export sector of greece and portugal is incredibly strong . 
  this strength is derived from a reliance on both the uk and us . 
  the growth present in these countries has had a huge impact on national income which is the predominant reason for an increase in lost growth . 
  on top of this , a low corporate tax rate , and government tax evasion schemes have contributed to the overall growth . 
  the state procures an investment fund to be distributed to local councils which in turn , is used to purchase the sale of businesses . 
  the government competes with other buyers and if the owner chooses to sell to the government , the government transfers ownership rights to the workforce . 
  the workforce proceeds to elect a board of directors who carry out the tasks they set forth before being elected . 
  that 's the general idea behind it . 
  if you actually read the manifesto , you would know that the green 's have proposed a co-operative investment development fund with the purpose to match the sale of a small business , provided you have the consent of the workers . 
  they intend to purchase the business to encourage work place democracy .
