  i literally specified that people agree with his views in relation to refugees . 
  the `` in general '' was used as a precursor to the following sentence . 
  apologies if i did n't make that clear . 
   nope . 
  fair enough , this was a little embellished but overall , this sub is pretty right-wing . 
  sure , defense is important but so is the social welfare system/general tax system . 
  the fact that cameron wants to maintain trident does n't particularly bother me too much , as he was elected by the people to expressly do just that . 
  what does bother me is how he espoused his hypocritical lies during the ge . 
  of course , having backtracked he 's now appealing to the [ deficit fetishism ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/08/is-deficit-fetishism-innate-or.html ) of the right , in order to push through his tax cuts . 
  meanwhile , one of the most costly military state institutions goes untempered with , despite the ludicrous cost . 
  he 's a hypocrite . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxs-tow-qik oh , and i was referring to the proposed cut in tax credits towards the incomes of low-income families . 
  it 's quite a leap of logic to suggest that it 's inadvertently subsiding employers ( i 'm assuming this is was you meant , but i 'm not completely sure ) . 
  it 's a rather strange point to bring up . 
  meanwhile , the tories are going to continue to cut tax credits for the poorest among us . 
  what an absolute and utter disgrace . 
  how ? 
  off the top of my head , most people here are pro-austerity , anti-immigration , opposed to any form of debt renegotiation for greece , think the swedish democrats are just moderate good ole patriotic nationalists , approve of anything orban says/does when it comes to refugees and in general , oppose any government intervention in the economy . 
  edit : to add some more , most people want to ban communist political parties from operating , embrace the likes of the sd and orban , while simultaneously condemning corbyn for his stance on nato . 
  the vast majority of the forum is opposed to nuclear disarmament and openly racist users are routinely upvoted to the front page . 
  honest question , how could anyone not consider this subreddit right-wing ? 
  you people could n't possibly be this deluded . 
  you have a bizarre view of what constitutes left-wing and right-wing politics if you seriously think / r/europe is in anyway , even remotely left-wing . 
  i would be weary of attributing old traditional hegelian analysis with marx . 
  marx was a ` hegelian ' in terms of his dialectical materialist approach when it came to history , but he vehemently disagreed with hegel 's idealism . 
  scruton ( who is a traditional conservative ) was/is completely opposed to communism in any form , so the comparison is rather bizarre , in my opinion . 
   communist lawmaker ivan nikitchuk told izvestia , the russian paper . 
  `` in the biological sense , not reproducing is the same as death , and in that sense homosexuality is a lethal threat for the whole of humankind . '', 
  no one could possibly be this stupid . 
  i. . . i. . . 
  this has to be satire , right ? 
  this was lovely . 
  that 's a very simplistic narrative . 
  the bailouts were conducted on the pretense of preventing contagion , so both partners had a mutual interest in any banking guarantees or recapitalization programs undertaken . 
  yet , the eu treated the issues revolving around monetary sovereignty ( or more pertinently , a lack thereof ) as a means of leverage and forced a program on a supposed ` sovereign ' nation state . 
  of course , his use of the word `` dictatorship '' is at best , very exaggerated but nonetheless , it 's quite clear that there are issues regarding democracy that need to be addressed . 
   ( they even refused to take part in the minute of silence for 9/11 victims because `` usa imperialist pigs had it coming '' ) . 
  r/thathappened  the looneys all got into social `` sciences '' / pedagogics . 
  in fairness , his ` experiences ' are entirely anecdotal and riddled with generalizations . 
  huh , usually the committee does n't choose the favorite . 
  nonetheless , it 's well deserved . 
  i 've only ever read ` voices from chernobyl ' but still , it was a terrific novel . 
  i 'd wager that her other novels are just as good , if not more so . 
  oh , and as an aside , is anyone else pleased that a non-fiction writer finally won the nobel ? 
  god , it 's been so long . 
  [ i did n't know that 34 % of the electorate were members of `` a small minority of people on the far left '' . 
  ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/9480 )  divisive figure . 
  as opposed to cameron and osborne . 
  i 'm not aware of any specifics , but labour membership has seen something of a surge since ( and during ) the corbyn leadership/leadership election . 
  one could make the argument that his appeal is limited to supporters of the snp and green party , but nonetheless , membership has undoubtedly increased quite drastically . 
  that much is clear : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/labour-membership-hits-342000-jeremy-corbyn-attracts-left-wing-surge-support-1519841 http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/sep/29/labour-corbyn-membership-momentum-movement-voters, 
  if we 're going to be really pedantic , the literal translation of the word is ` chief ' but the term is generally synonymous with ` prime minister ' so tbh , i would n't worry . 
  anyone who gets offended by such a trivial issue is being a tad bit of a prick anyway . 
  ah yes , because anyone who disagrees with you is naive . 
  edit : god , this sub is such a circlejerk . 
  http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/07/the-great-recession-and-eurozone-crisis.html -------------------------------------------------------------------- pandemonium erupted in congress yesterday as senators disagreed on how to deal with the subprime problem . 
  borrowers are still finding it difficult to repay , despite the government buying these mortgages from the banks seven years ago and imposing strict conditions on the borrowers . 
  some senators favour continuing the program of compulsory community service and self-improvement lessons , but now others in the senate are openly talking about revoking the us citizenship of these borrowers . 
  the great recession and the eurozone crisis are normally treated as different . 
  most accounts of the great recession see this as a consequence of a financial crisis caused by profligate lending by - in particular - us and uk banks . 
  the crisis may have originated with us subprime mortgages , but few people blame the poor us citizens who took out those mortgages for causing a global financial crisis . 
  with the eurozone crisis that started in 2010 , most people tend to focus on the borrowers rather than the lenders . 
  some ill-informed accounts say it was all the result of profligate periphery governments , but most explanations are more nuanced : in greece government profligacy for sure , but in ireland and other countries it was more about excessive private sector borrowing encouraged by low interest rates following adoption of the euro . 
  seeing things this way , it is a more complicated story , but still one that focuses on the borrowers . 
  however if we see the eurozone crisis from the point of view of the lenders , then it once again becomes a pretty simple story . 
  french , german and other banks simply lent much too much , failing to adequately assess the viability of those they were lending to . 
  whether the lending was eventually to finance private sector projects that would end in default ( via periphery country banks ) , or a particular government that would end up defaulting , becomes a detail . 
  in this sense the eurozone crisis was just like the global financial crisis : banks lent far too much in an indiscriminate and irresponsible way . 
  if borrowers get into difficulty in a way that threatens the solvency of lending banks , there are at least two ways a government or monetary union can react . 
  one is to allow the borrowers to default , and to provide financial support to the banks . 
  another is to buy the problematic loans from the banks ( at a price that keeps the banks solvent ) , so that the borrowers now borrow from the government . 
  perhaps the government thinks it is able to make the loans viable by forcing conditions on the borrowers that were not available to the bank . 
  the global financial crisis was largely dealt with the first way , while at the eurozone level that crisis was dealt with the second way . 
  recall that between 2010 and 2012 the troika lent money to greece so it could pay off its private sector creditors ( including many european banks ) . 
  in 2012 there was partial private sector default , again financed by loans from the troika to the greek government . 
  in this way the troika in effect bought the problematic asset ( greek government debt ) from private sector creditors that included its own banks in such a way as to protect the viability of these banks . 
  the troika then tried to make these assets viable in various ways , including austerity . 
  two crises with the same cause but very different outcomes . 
  [ simon wren-lewis on ireland and greece . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/07/ireland-and-greece.html ) ireland is often regarded as a success story for eurozone austerity , compared to the total failure of greece . 
  that can lead to nonsense like this : instead of whingeing , the greeks should buckle under and get on with it as ireland has done . 
  an alternative narrative is to explain the different experience of the two economies by looking at structural factors , as in these two examples . 
  whether you can describe irish unemployment rising from 12 % in 2009 to 14.7 % in 2012 as a success is of course moot . 
  but ireland does give us a clear example of how austerity is supposed to impact an open monetary union member , according to standard theory . 
  a permanent reduction in government spending or higher taxes will increase unemployment , which will reduce wages and prices . 
  this will improve competitiveness , leading to higher external demand for ireland 's products ( and less imports ) which will eventually replace the lost demand due to austerity . 
  however , because wages and prices are ` sticky ' , this adjustment will not happen quickly . 
  the fact that ireland is now growing strongly and unemployment is falling reflects this process . 
  the oecd estimates that growth in 2014 was nearly 5 % , and this was greatly helped by a 12 % increase in the volume of exports . 
  in this sense ireland 's response to austerity has been textbook . 
  the interesting question is why greece has been so different . 
  here is growth in the two economies ( all data comes from the oecd 's economic outlook ) . 
  of course the 2009 recession affected everyone , but from 2010 until 2014 the irish experience was bad , but for greece it was a disaster . 
  the most important reason for the difference is straightforward : there has been a lot more austerity in greece . 
  here is one summary measure : the underlying government primary surplus . 
  looking at this measure the fiscal contraction between 2009 and 2013 in greece has been 2.7 times greater than in ireland . 
  this measure is not ideal because the impact of tax changes can be smoothed , but looking at changes to government consumption gives a similar picture . 
  in both cases we have had what economists call ` internal devaluation ' , which is the improvement in competitiveness that i described earlier . 
  here is what has happened to wages . 
  the fall in wages in ireland produced a significant improvement in competitiveness , which is a major factor behind why exports are now booming .
