  feel free to take your time , it will be awhile . 
   it was both a debt sustainability issue and a structural issue . 
  did n't say it was . 
  my point still stands , creditors do n't give a fuck about structural deficits as long as assurances exist . 
   concerns about debt sustainability most of these concerns were amplified post bailout when greece 's debt to gdp ratio increased 70 % . 
   if they did n't like austerity but did n't and turned to the eu for a bailout . 
  i 'm well aware of the situation , no need to give me a summary . 
  the bailout program had also decreased in terms of austerity prior the the portuguese exit . 
  suppose that does n't fit your narrative though . 
  as long as creditors are assured of consequential obligations , deficits carry little way . 
  the fact of the matter is that greece 's creditors are more concerned over a debt sustainability issue , rather than a structural issue . 
  my point was that there has been a noted correlation between a decrease in the implementation of austerity policies and growth . 
  i do n't deny that austerity policies have taken place . 
  on the contrary , i think they have been a disaster and only hindered growth . 
  if my government were suddnely to introduce a new set austerity policies tomorrow , the odds are that growth would decline ( both gdp and certainly gnp ) . 
  decreased is the key word you 're misunderstanding . 
   i 'll just point out that what forced portugal to double its sovereign debt and ultimately into the brink of bankruptcy was these `` growth '' policies intended to boost the nation 's gdp thus increasing revenue . 
  i see you have moved on to blatantly lying . 
  portugal never undertook a capital injection program due to a lack of a unified decision on monetary policy . 
   reality says otherwise . 
  as opposed to the initiations of the troika which have been [ an unmitigated disaster ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  but i digress . 
   stated that only `` one specific country did not '' , which is patently false . 
  fair point . 
   do you know what induces these `` fears '' on these `` creditors '' ? 
  ramping up 10 % deficits , not managing to fix a structural deficit , and being dependent on debt to keep the state functioning . 
  depends on the circumstance , as long as creditors perceive a sustainable degree of debt to gdp and a level of growth , deficits are n't particularly important . 
  animal instincts will all ways drive the market . 
   quite wrong . 
  interesting how you have left out every country which supported the implementation of eurobonds , in essence the majority of the eurogroup . 
   growth does n't fix a bankruptcy caused by overspending . 
  additionally , you 're ignoring the fact that portugal ended a recession during the austerity peak . 
  growth allows for the revenues which can . 
  also , portugal just exited a period of recession last year , not quite sure where you are getting your figures . 
   bankrupt state then you need to take action now and not wait a couple of years while your problem further worsens . 
  no , taking action now only hinders the necessary growth needed . 
   the crisis is in fact a debt crisis . 
  massive debts strain the state budget , hindering growth and diverting state resources . 
  no , it 's not . 
  debt only becomes a burden on creditors due to fears overs a countries ability to finance said creditors . 
  i love how we have got to the point at which you have dismissed the general consensus among all current economists . 
   neither is portugal , whose recession ended halfway through the dreaded `` austerity '' program . 
  missed the point completely . 
   you know what hinders growth even more ? 
  not being able to pay debt . 
  no , it does n't . 
  if it did , the us would not be growing at it 's current pace . 
   find any info where it says that the austerity policies were reverted . 
  i 'm saying that furthur austerity measures were halted , if the government continued to enforce anymore austerity growth would slow down . 
   why they can grow now . 
  our growth is primarily due to dependency on us multinational corporations . 
  the fact that growth is increasing in both the uk and us is the primary reason for our current growth patterns . 
   bankruptcy says no . 
  mature , i was speaking about a european funded stimulus program . 
   only if other european states agreed to bankroll those bonds . 
  they did not . 
  most did , a few specific countries did not . 
   not cutting spending on a state that is consuming far more than what it was producing does not `` ease the pain '' of anyone . 
  it 's just a politically ploy to keep the problem simmering while doing absolutely nothing to fix it . 
  enforcing structural reform in a period of recession has only ever hindered growth . 
  if you were to propose structural reform in a period of growth , than perhaps that would be preferable . 
  otherwise , it 's insane . 
   half the suggestions you 've pointed out end up only increasing the states ' sovereign debt even further . 
  the crisis is n't a debt crisis , it 's a debt sustainability crisis . 
   this fix nothing : only worsens the problem . 
  someone should tell the us . 
  oh , i forgot , they 're not longer in recession . 
   cutting spending and go bankrupt . 
  no , it was n't . 
  capital investment programs , stimulus packages such as qe and other investment programs coupled with the implementation of euro bonds were all viable alternatives which could have eased the pain of ordinary working people . 
  you 're missing my point , growth in terms of gdp ( let 's all conveniently ignore gnp like most of the media ) only began after the implementation of austerity policies began to decrease . 
   got more money than they spend , which in turn could spend on other things . 
  prior to the bailout , ireland was repeatedly running a primary budgetary surplus and had a very low debt to gdp ratio so please , do n't paddle the naive notion that we were spending above our means . 
   so you cut your spending , pay your debts and in the end you have more money to spend . 
  cutting spending during a period of recession only hinders growth . 
  that 's my point . 
  no , ireland , spain and portugal have shown that austerity only hinders growth in a recessionary period . 
  just because you stop hitting yourself with a bat , does n't necessarily mean that hitting yourself with a bat was a good idea . 
  amazing , how people such as yourself are trying to spin this . 
   strong growth i 'm going to assume you 're speaking about gdp . 
  if so , spain have only seen a minor period of growth , precisely 1.4 percent in 2014 . 
   podemos were to torpedo the economic recovery yea , because enacting austerity policies in a period of recession all ways bodes well . 
  lovely , how no one ever brings up the fact that the only points at which the bailout countries actually experienced growth in gdp were in conjunction with a fall in austerity implementation . 
  ireland would be a perfect example . 
   but it 's only an amendment - ca n't the parliament just repeal it ? 
  any amendments to the constitution must be passed via referendum . 
   can you give me some insight into how heated this discussion is ? 
  it 's probably one of the most controversial social issues in ireland , if not the most controversial . 
  due to recent events ( eg : the death of savita halappanavar and the refusal to grant an abortion to a refugee who was raped ) , the debate has seen something of a renewed interest . 
  over the past two years in particular , there has been major demonstrations by both pro-life and pro-choice organizations . 
  politically , it 's rather similar to most of europe . 
  left-wing political party 's tend to support the repeal of the eighth amendment ( eg socialist party , labour , sinn f\u00e9in etc ) , while right-wing political party 's tend to oppose the repeal ( eg fianna f\u00e1il , fine gael and renua ) . 
  although , recently the fine gael led government did bring in legislation that would allow for abortion if the mothers mental health was impacted , but this is probably due to the influence of their coalition partner - the labour party . 
  unfortunately , said legislation is obviously flawed given the case that pertains to `` ms y '' ( the aforementioned refugee ) .
