[ i always like the theme song for metal gear solid ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jye0uabtln0 ) and [ this avicii cover is pretty good as well . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a6__hsshw8 ), 
  not trying to get into an argument with you but can you cite some of those university professors , i 'm curious . 
  the stress test which where just undertaken by the ecb and the banking authority appear to be very rigid and strict . 
  do you think the entire field of economics has really changed hugely since you did your lc ? 
  why not apply the exact same circumstances to geology . 
  does the fact that we ca n't prevent a volcano render geology not a science ? 
  never mind the fact that due to geology , we can understand the formations and processes of volcanoes . 
  secondly , economics is far removed from `` hindsight and guesswork '' . 
  your argument boils down to just just random false hyperbole such as this without any provided examples . 
  finally , we can model the outcome of events such as cycles of growth and recession , it 's just incredibly difficult to predict when they occur . 
  for instance , there is huge loan based education bubble in the us . 
  no one disputes this , predicting when this bouble will `` burst '' is the difficult part . 
  also , economics is an incredibly broad field of study , do you hold similar views with regards to game theory or econometrics ? . 
  you seem to be solely focused on macroeconomics , what do you think about microeconomics ? 
  i 'm not trying to demean you , your views just genuinely perplex me . 
  apart from the entire field of micro economics , game theory and countless other fields . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by `` operating on assumptions '' either seeing as virtually no field of econ operates purely on assumptions . 
  care to provide an example ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  have you ever actually taken any econ class in your life ? 
  do you have any ideas on who these economists are and what they accomplished to achieve rewards such as the nobel prize . 
  trust me , the foundation of econometrics and other applications greatly impact our lives and to call the nobel prize for economics `` complete ridiculous bullshit '' is incredibly ignorant . 
  `` stop perpetuating the lie , it give unwarranted legitimacy to the charlatans who claim economics is a science '' what ? 
  `` and the criticism of this prize and economics as a science in general are n't exactly unknown , if you look through some articles about today 's award you 'll find it mentioned plenty of times . '', 
  i 've heard of criticism of the nobel peace prize in recent years but to suggest that the nobel prize for economics or any other field is n't held in high esteem is nonsense . 
  furthermore , i 've never seen anyone assert that economics is not a science . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , what exactly are these criticisms of economics being a science . 
  are you trying to refer the the austrian school of economics ? 
  `` instead the large parts of the eurozone have been a disaster . 
  we 'll be fine with a free-trade agreement with reu or some other sensible arrangement ... ''  the eurozone crisis stemmed from a lack of a closer fiscal union needed to address monetary concerns . 
  this lack of a fiscal union will undoubtedly be addressed within the coming decades so it 's unlikely that a currency crisis of the scale that took place in the eurozone will occur again in further decades . 
  even considering the crisis though , it is impossible to deny that to an extent the uk is placed at a disadvantage in terms of international monetary power . 
  [ the euro is the second largest reserve currency as well as the second most traded currency in the world after the united states dollar ] ( http://www.bis.org/publ/rpfxf07t.pdf ) . 
  that 's not to say the pound ca n't be competitive but it probably wo n't match the financial power of the euro . 
  `` we 'll be fine with a free-trade agreement with reu or some other sensible arrangement ''  what would you consider a sensible arrangement ? . 
  do you think the eu would offer anything else besides european free trade association membership ? . 
  i was under the impression that the serbian progressive party was very pro european , despite much criticism from it 's electoral base of supporters . 
  the democratic party where also in favor of of closer ties to the eu . 
  also , during september in 2012 , a b92 poll showed that 49 percent of serbians would vote `` yes '' in a referendum on the country 's future with regards to european union membership . 
  i 'm obviously an outsider when it comes to serbian politics but could the polls have changed significantly since 2012 ? . 
  source : http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics.phpyyyy=2012&amp;mm=04&amp;dd=18&amp;nav_id=79833, 
  earlier today , i saw this bright ball of light above dublin . 
  any ideas on what it was ? 
  oh god , those comments . 
  never underestimate rt 's ability to bring racists , nationalists , communists , conspiracy theorists and every other fucking fringe group out into the woodwork . 
  seriously , its as if the comment section has suddenly turned bi-polar . 
  you do know for the eu to force ireland to increase its corporate tax , a union with much greater fiscal responsibilities would need to be created . 
  to do this , the irish electorate would need to vote to amend the irish constitution which is unlikely as the low corporate tax rate currently issue by the gov is very popular . 
  an agreement for a further integrated european gov would most likely contain provisions and exceptions with regards to ireland much like the lisbon treaty . 
  you should probably consider doing an ounce of research before posting complete and utter bullshit . 
  do you consider two women getting married in a private setting a public act ? . 
  huh ? , that 's not what i said . 
  i 'm confused , are you now saying lgbt people can get married as long as they 're not public about it ? . 
  if not , then yes , you obviously do care about the private lives of others . 
  using that logic , you should convert to whatever religion i adhere to if its sanctioned by the state . 
  you can believe in a god , just not your god . 
  true equality . 
  i 'm sure the vatican will be delighted to hear of this ground breaking argument you have just ushered in . 
  that 's a tad bit of an over-generalization . 
  [ (  ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/bite-lip1.gif ), 
  the cranberries - zombie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ejga4kjuts, 
  `` the vote to `` remove viktor yanukovych from the post of president of ukraine '' was passed by 328 mps . '', 
  given that the parliamentary vote passed by such a margin of 328-0 , is it safe to presume that the yanukovych regimes political relevance within the rada is far too minimalist to prevent impeachment ? 
  i 'm going to preference this , i really despise everything about the man but i feel this is a little disingenuous . 
  his party ( united russia ) are seen as the party of the middle class in opposition to the m-l communist party . 
  they 're far from putin 's possible opposition . 
  nonetheless , it was a good point overall . 
  it 's also important to understand that the current employment figures were mostly derived from emigration and government attempts at various `` job '' schemes . 
  it 's not nearly as impressive as the current government would have you believe . 
  and according to chomsky , this apparently gives russia the green light to instigate a civil war did n't quite say that , did you watch the video ? 
   chomsky is an anarchist linguist . 
  he had a spot in the limelight some two decades ago , but that was it . 
  not really , he 's probably the most influential linguist and one of the most cited academics in the world at the moment . 
  you 're being a tad bit disingenuous . 
  when did he say he supported putin ? 
  we , according to our previous pm , recieved instructions from the eu in 2009 all the way to 2011 to increase spending to counter the effects of the crisis . 
  that is completely ludicrous , the very monetary nature of the euro mitigates any large scale capital injection or qe programs portugal could initiate . 
   we tried both strategies to get out of a crisis . 
  you certainly did not . 
  it would be virtually impossible for you to enact such legislation due to the ecb . 
  i think you may want to reexamine were you are getting some of you info from . 
  literally , no cap injections have taken place and the only source i have come upon says that there was a minor decrease in public spending in 2010 . 
  perhaps you should try and reread my post . 
  i said enacting such reforms in a recessionary period only hinders economic growth . 
  structural reforms must come at a period which can sustain such austerity . 
  granted , what do i know , it 's not like the troika has failed to meet all its supposed [ aims of economic growth ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) :  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  keep on paddling failed economic policies , it only shows what a failure supply side economics has become . 
  my comment only mentioned spending , not revenue . 
  than you would be aware that overall cuts in spending decreased from the original budget set out by the troika in comparison to the last initiation of an austerity budget . 
  the degree of austerity in each proceeding budget decreased in terms of overall cuts in spending , do you want me to link you the budget proposals ? 
  i 'm confusing you with another commenter . 
  allow me the rephrase , portugal could n't initiate capital injections program due to the monetary structure of the euro . 
   check your facts remind me , when did portugal undertake a comprehensive capital injection program and or stim program .
