  most of their plans to nationalize previous state owned utilities have been revised and most of their political taught borrows heavily from neo-keynesian economists . 
  a large proportion of the assembly are by the book keynesians . 
  of course , you do have the more radical elements , but they 're a minority at this stage . 
  we have a party in ireland called sinn fein , who are relatively similar in terms of rhetoric . 
  they play the socialist card more and more to appeal to voters but in reality , most of their policy is derived from keynesian taught , not that there is anything wrong with that . 
  the radicals only compose 30 % of the committee , the vast majority of the seats are held by moderates led by tsipras . 
  synaspismos are by far the leading composition of the radical left and hold most of the power . 
  again , podemos are n't the `` extreme left '' . 
  they 're more akin to the social democrats of the 70s than to marx and engels . 
  this word is so overused that it 's lost its actual meaning . 
  the extreme left typically do n't try to `` save capitalism '' . 
  if your idea of extreme is a general keynesian economic policy with mild socialist initiatives , you may be a tad bit too far to the right . 
  syriza are the `` extreme left '' now ? 
  only if the queen cedes the glorious island of rockall to her rightful hibernian overlords ... . / s, 
  one is a private museum , the other essentially just ignores him . 
  that 's not really taking a stance . 
  heh , the irish revolutionary socialist james connolly who participated in the 1916 rising made the list . 
  does the kremlin really take a stance on stalin ? 
  i do n't know about the current stance of the kremlin , but i was under the impression that the soviet union went under a period of `` de-stalinization '' when khrushchev came to power , no ? 
  this is by far the stupidest thing i 've read today . 
  syriza are far from communist , they 're a mixture of social democrats , democratic socialists and yes , in some cases communists but they 're not quite the die hard radicals you are portraying them as . 
  they entered a coalition with a right wing party not out of common ideological views . 
  rather , they were n't given a complete mandate by the greek people . 
  that 's called democracy . 
  what utter nonsense . 
  for the past five years , new democracy have carried out very stringent austerity measures and the results have [ been a disaster  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . 
  ireland 's growth is mostly due to two facts . 
  first and foremost , our export sector is heavily dependent on the growth of both the uk and the us , both of whom are undergoing positive growth due to previous stimulus packages . 
  secondly , our crisis stemmed from the failure of banking institutions to provide for debtors in the housing market , not an accumulation of debt . 
  in fact , we had a very minor debt to gdp rato and ran a primary surplus prior to the recession . 
  comparing ireland 's situation to greece is beyond ridiculous . 
   pro social security unless it 's the greek government extending social security . 
   anti racism not really , have you read this thread ? 
   / r/europe [ 1 ] is still largely left wing no , it 's not . 
  there is a sizable pro-austerity sentiment with regards to greece , the dominating opinion on any immigration issue veers to the right and it 's almost impossible to have a discussion on socialism without being accused of being a stalinist . 
  this sub is far from being `` left wing '' . 
   you act like he 's some card carrying member of some gang . 
  / r/european [ 2 ] is just an alternative to / r/europe [ 3 ] for people who do n't want to be b & because they hurt someone 's feelings . 
  one of the highest upvoted posts is a holocaust revisionist documentary film . 
  it 's not `` just an alternative '' . 
  it 's a far right sub that panders to the likes of neo-nazis and other racists . 
   i doubt w-europe will still be habitable then . 
  please be satire . 
  a glorious proletariat government under the insightful leadership of the working class ... [ pls ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tuk7wz6.png ) ... 
  god , apr\u00e8s match sketches are great . 
  here 's another for anyone who is curious : [ a message from angela ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=old8nv7c8qs ), 
  the free republic of catalonia could easily be seen as a success , in terms of economic output . 
  socialism essentially just amounts to workers control over the means of production , that 's it . 
  not all forms of socialism are marxist-leninism . 
  implying so is intellectually lazy . 
  both socialism and capitalism are varied ideologies . 
  for instance , a critique against monetarism is n't necessarily a critique against keynesian policies . 
  likewise , criticism of the soviet union is n't necessarily a critique against worker co-operatives or council communes . 
  growth was relatively high among both developing and developed nations from 95-05 , i 'm not quite sure where you are getting your figures . 
  [ america , it 's basically our colony now at this stage . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a9/irish1346.gif ), 
   you mean no more than the baltics and possibly italy ? 
  yeah those 2 regions are hallmarks of general european attitudes to taxes . 
  spain 's black market is at 20 % of gdp , eastern europe , south america and africa have major black market economies . 
  it 's not a problem that exclusively faces greece : http://freakonomics.com/2012/06/25/how-big-is-the-world-black-market/  so they decided to fill the gap in the economy with unsustainable loans to keep the populace happy in the softest welfare state on the continent making the nordic welfare states look like sweatshop economies . 
  i 'm going to assume this is ignorance , the greek welfare system and the welfare system present in the nordic countries are vastly different and in no way comparable . 
   a fiscal union would not have solved the problem . 
  yup , monetary transfers would have solved the problem , that or an exit from the fta . 
  not every country in a competing fta can run a trade surplus . 
   greece would not have the same welfare state but their economy would still shrink and they would end up as analogous to a rural us fly-over state . 
  you really have no idea what you are taking about , do you ? 
   greece had no business in the eurozone in the first place . 
  their economy was not strong enough and they knew it because they fudged their numbers in order to join that was n't exclusive to greece , almost every member did and the eu was fully aware of this . 
  the reason their economy was not strong was due to ftas hindering growth in peripheral areas , again it 's a structural problem . 
   incredibly cynical move and it should be punished . 
  similarly , germany 's role ww1 was a `` cynical move '' that should have been punished . 
  that was the logic behind the versatile treaty . 
  remind me again , what happened after this punishment ? 
   the strictness of the terms of the bailout were set by the imf . 
  their terms are set based on an evaluation of greek fiscal policy and what they think is likely to be required in order for the imf to get their money back . 
  slightly more complicated , the imf and ecb have varying views regarding the situation which has led to some tension . 
  their joint terms are more geared towards stringent structural reform in a recessionary period to ensure market stability rather than genuine growth in the economy . 
   also , the greek culture of tax evasion is well documented and well known . 
  no more so than other european countries , you would know this if you actually read the wiki you cited . 
   there is a reason why greece was hit so badly by the wall street crash - they were spending beyond their means and borrowing to repay their loans . 
  this is was going on for a long time and the greek public did nothing in terms of political pressure to temper the borrowing or increase tax revenue . 
  this was the byproduct of ftas present in the eec at first , and continued by the eu afterwords . 
  greek firms could not compete with the industrial powerhouses of france , the uk and germany , thus decreasing their export sector . 
  the euro just provided a means to borrow at low rates , negating the sluggish export sector of greece . 
  it 's a european structural problem due to a lack of a fiscal union . 
   this is something other countries did not do and therefore can only be said to be down to greek attitudes . 
  yea , no other countries ran deficits , nope , not a single one . 
   sweden suffered an economic meltdown of our own a while ago , we sorted it out without eu help . 
  why should greece get better treatment ? 
  you know you 're comparing a subprime mortgage crisis to a debt sustainability crisis , right ? 
  regardless , sweden followed a keynesian platform , greece do n't have that luxury given the mandate . 
   except , russia has n't fully implemented democracy or capitalism . 
  maybe democracy , but the russian economy by and large can be considered a free market open economy with a few government institutions present in the market . 
  regardless of whether you consider it a free market or not , it certainly does subscribe to the general definition of the private ownership over the means of production .
