   i 'm not sure what it matters to greek tax evasion how much tax evasion there is in other countries you really do n't understand the complexities involved in prosecuting undisclosed income holders , do you ? 
  it shows the difficulty involved . 
  it 's does n't show any greek character flaw . 
  all it shows are the adverse effects the standard of living , general taxation and various other austerity measures have on the black market . 
   i 'm not more inclined to trust italy or the baltics with a bailout the size of what greece will require in this crisis ah , i forgot , the bailout was due to a sense of european solidarity . 
  that 's right , it had absolutely nothing do with preventing contagion , nope . 
  give me a break , it 's not and was never about trust . 
  the bailout was initiated out of self preservation . 
  rather convenient that you left out this important bit of info :  the greek `` black market '' at 24.3 % of gdp , compared with 28.6 % for estonia , 26.5 % for latvia , 21.6 % for italy , 17.1 % for belgium and 13.5 % for germany . 
  the black market is just a term to denote undisclosed income , it 's very difficult to actually prosecute those who engage in black market activities , especially in greece 's case given the current government cuts in public employment ( tax auditors , accountants etc ) . 
   shareholders i 'm not speaking about shareholders . 
   that 's bs , i do n't say that everybody is motivated by money but people in complicated professions already make enough money that they would n't make in an `` equal '' society . 
  my point was that once you give people a reasonable living standard , money does n't become a major issue . 
  people are far more worried about family and work issues , provided they achieve a decent living condition . 
   participated in some teamwork where everybody in the team would get the same grade regardless of their performance you 're equating grading with cash incentives , both are pretty different . 
   totalitarianism is a political system in which the state holds total authority over the society and seeks to control all aspects of public and private life wherever possible workers councils and direct control over the means production ultimately negate the majority of the functions of a state.the ultimate goal of communism is the abolition of the state , class and a monetary system . 
   free trade leads to inequality but the inequality is the engine that puts people to work inequality is just a disparity of incomes . 
  money as an incentive for menial tasks could potentially work , but for more complicated professions , it does n't quite have the same desired effect and in some cases hinders applicants scores : http://99u.com/articles/26185/how-money-makes-us-lazy, 
  it 's complicated . 
  first , i think it is very important to distinguish some terms . 
  socialism essentially amounts to workers control over the means of production . 
  it acts as a transitional phase to communism , a non-monetary based system with no state or class divisions . 
  achieving this system is the point at which divisions among both socialists and communists occur . 
  the soviet union was based on the principle of marxist-leninism , a system mostly developed by joseph stalin that drew from various leninist policies . 
  the system advocated for the state nationalization over the means of production , rapid industrialization and a policy known as socialism in one country . 
  baring this in mind , i think it 's important that we contrast this form of socialism with various others , just to draw distinctions . 
  first and foremost , state nationalization is rejected by various forms of marxism and socialism , ranging from luxemburgism to anarcho-communism . 
  such strains of socialism argue that the workers must control the means of production in the literal sense , either through work place democracy or union syndication . 
  rosa luxemburg wrote extensively of both the deterioration of democracy and centralization of the soviets :  `` public control is indispensably necessary . 
  otherwise the exchange of experiences remains only with the closed circle of the officials of the new regime . '', 
   `` in place of the representative bodies created by general , popular elections , lenin and trotsky have laid down the soviets as the only true representation of political life in the land as a whole , life in the soviets must also become more and more crippled . 
  without general elections , without unrestricted freedom of press and assembly , without a free struggle of opinion , life dies out in every public institution , becomes a mere semblance of life , in which only the bureaucracy remains as the active element . 
  public life gradually falls asleep , a few dozen party leaders of inexhaustible energy and boundless experience direct and rule . '', 
   `` freedom only for the supporters of the government , only for the members of one party -- however numerous they may be -- is no freedom at all . 
  freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently . 
  not because of any fanatical concept of `` justice '' but because all that is instructive , wholesome and purifying in political freedom depends on this essential characteristic , and its effectiveness vanishes when `` freedom '' becomes a special privilege . '', 
  trotskyists would argue in favor of perpetual revolution and against any form of autarky . 
  i could really continue on forever , socialism is a very varied ideology , as is capitalism . 
  threads such as this tend to discourage dissenting opinions , but i think it 's important to have a frank debate about this and acknowledge the nuances involved . 
  not all socialists are stalinists , likewise not all capitalists are keynesians , some may subscribe to a monetarist or austrian viewpoint . 
  on a more personal note , recognizing that socialism did n't amount to totalitarian style communism is what led to me identifying as a socialist , that and reading capital . 
  once you remove the stigma of soviet totalitarianism , you begin to value the profound marxist critiques of the capitalist mode of production . 
  in this day and age , i think it 's important that we do n't ignore this due to the atrocities committed by the soviets . 
   communism is both a system of government and a phenomenon of economics . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's the name given to a stateless and classless society not based on a monetary system . 
   they try to dictate how other people are to live their lives . 
  no , that would be capitalists . 
   because they attract the same types of people . 
  they 're literally on the opposing ends of the political spectrum . 
  capitalism and imperialism have caused countless deaths , whether it was induced by famine ( the irish potato famine being one example ) or imperialist genocide ( the partition of india being another prime example ) . 
  yet , there are no questions when capitalists wish to engage in political activities . 
  i 'm not too sure about the communist party , but i know that there was a decent amount of protest from quite a few russian socialist organisations . 
  it does act as a metaphor for latin american history but the history it touches upon is n't too specific . 
  it touches on the more recognized aspects of latin american history without delving into very precise details all too often . 
  m\u00e1rquez mirrors concepts such as political turmoil , european colonialism and capitalism very directly as the settlement of macondo evolves as generations continue to tell their story . 
  various political dictators could easily draw parallels with other latin american dictators , but understanding this is n't nearly as important as it 's made out to be . 
  so yes , it certainly draws upon latin american history quite a bit , but a very precise understanding of latin american history really is n't needed to understand or enjoy the book so long as you are aware of the political impacts present in the book . 
  it helps , but is n't necessary imho . 
   one of his names is idiot i named my dog filippovna . 
  i taught it was fitting . 
  right now , the idiot by dostoevsky and one hundred years of solitude by garc\u00eda m\u00e1rquez . 
  both are great , the idiot is a little slow at first but builds up to great moments of tension . 
  one hundred years of solitude is by far one of the best books i 've read , it 's really well done . 
  would definitely recommend for anyone who is interested . 
  the tories only reluctantly supported gay rights when they finally acknowledged that their social views were at odds with the majority of the uk . 
  cameron even defended section 28 . 
  they did far more harm than good , overall . 
  yea , that 's partly my mistake . 
  i was referring the next sentence but did n't quote the op correctly :  the risk of it being off kilter economically with the rest of the eurozone was too high from the beginning . 
  my point was that the removal of tariffs by the eec at first and later by the eu , had already resulted in economic disparity ( in terms of trade ) . 
  you 're right though , it does n't . 
  i should have made myself much clearer , that 's completely my fault . 
   that 's a much smaller issue . 
  how so ? , it 's a pretty major issue that needs to be addressed given the lack of a political union . 
   your trade tariffs argument is offset by the benefits of eurozone membership . 
  the overall `` benefit '' of lower interest rates coupled with no feasible way of competing with major european powerhouses are what led the debt sustainability crisis in the first place . 
   there is no argument that can offset the interest rate and currency valuation problem . 
  it 's not a matter of arguments , they are all seen as contributing factors to the crisis . 
   i get that you do n't like europe 's free trade agreements but they are not responsible for the current greek crisis so your point belongs in a different , wider conversation my point dealt with competition and the necessity of fiscal transfers due to ftas hindering sovereign economic growth in peripheral regions . 
   going to have to face up to these problems in a real way . 
  self sustainability will not be successful in greece and it will take it down a very dark path . 
  i did n't say it would . 
  but `` facing up '' to the problems ( enacting austerity measures in a recessionary period ) has been an unmitigated disaster and the troika have continuously failed to meet any of their aims . 
  perhaps , just maybe it 's time to attempt new solutions . 
   it will be lumbered with an expensive euro again with no way to devalue it . 
  given the ecbs qe , it 's probably going to be sometime before we see a strong euro . 
  a return to the drachma would only devalue to a point that would completely destroy the already fleeting export sector . 
   greece should never have been admitted into the currency in the first place . 
  the risk of it being off kilter economically with the rest of the eurozone was too high from the beginning . 
  this applies to all countries , not just greece . 
  with the abolition of trade tariffs and other trade barriers , businesses in european countries could n't compete with larger firms in the major industrial eu countries ( france , germany , the uk etc ) . 
   it should have been admitted to the eu and given time to address some of its internal problems first . 
  that would have kept european credit out of the country during the 00 's boom and it would have been sheltered from the collapse . 
  this may have solved the overlaying problem in that greece could n't have borrowed at such low rates , but the fact that greece could n't compete with larger economies such as germany and france would still remain . 
  this will always be the major problem confronting the eurozone and the eu in general . 
  not every eu member state can run a trade surplus with the current stature of free trade in the eu . 
  the alternative is the formation of a political union with monetary transfers which would be very unpopular among the general public . 
   not culturally or politically in tune with the rest of the continent . 
  the problem is more to do with the overall structure of the eu , the greek debt sustainability crisis is just a byproduct of structural failures .
