  one being , time limits for speakers . 
   there 's a big difference between a `` wo n't give you any more money '' and `` will fuck you up '' . 
   he also lifted the lid on a european union attempt to push mr tsipras 's left-wing syriza out of power regardless of the outcome of the vote on july 5 . 
  did you read what he wrote ? 
  god , no wonder euroscepticism is on the rise . 
  `` democracy '', 
  it mostly dealt with spending , tax increases in vat and general income and primary surplus obligations . 
  very little dealt with genuine reform of the taxation system . 
   link please . 
  to what ? 
  the structural adjustment program ? 
   the eu offered to help strengthen the tax regime but greece refused the offer . 
  no , not really . 
  the `` tax reforms '' as mandated by the troika never really dealt with any actual reform . 
   he 's got as much chance at being elected as i do and i 'm canadian . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  yea , completely agree . 
  people are deluded if they think he has any chance of winning the primaries . 
  although , he could shift clinton 's views to the left . 
   could be a 50 state sweep . 
  i would n't go that far . 
  he 'd certainly loose key states , but most northern states would vote for him . 
  sanders is n't particularly radical . 
  for the most part , he 's a standard social democrat . 
  the fact that conservatives pretend that he 's a radical communist calling for the proletariat to seize the means of production does n't really change this . 
   disastrous u-turn . 
  ah yes , because prolonging the inevitable by implementing one of the most disastrous austerity programs imaginable would have turned out great . 
   six years of effort down the drain six years in which not one of the aims of the troika were met :  [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) edit : i see the circlejerk is in full swing today . 
  good , continuing the program is bound to fail . 
   if he truly believes that a ` yes ' vote will save his business and keep all his employees employed , then he might think the ends justify the means . 
  fair enough , he may think he is justified . 
  legally speaking , he 's not . 
  i 'm not too familiar with greek law , but i 'm going to assume that there is labour regulation in place to prevent people from acting on such attitudes . 
  and ? 
  his political views are n't a justification for violating labour laws . 
   so what 's the harm in it ? 
  really ? 
  you do n't see the harm in blackmailing employees ? 
   put any constraints similar to that of the creditors who conceded little to no reforms while negotiating with the greek government . 
   nobel price winners in their ivory towers . 
  damn academics and their reasoned discussion based on facts and evidence . 
  do you speak on behalf of all portuguese people ? 
  in terms of spending reduction , greece has cut at a rate much greater than that of italy , or any other ipgs countries . 
  it 's surprising that most people here are embracing such populist rhetoric , given their supposed disdain for populism . 
  what 's even more surprising is the fact that this simply is n't true . 
  the greek proposal actually included a removal of early retirements . 
  superb article . 
  most interesting was the fact that even the imf have admitted that austerity has been a failure , yet there is still so much support for it among many europeans . 
  it was tongue-in-cheek . 
  rather than an ultraconservative , merkel is more of a populist . 
   german financial ultraconservatives so the german government ? 
  in terms of spending reduction , greece has cut at a rate much greater than that of italy , or any other ipgs country . 
  it 's surprising that most people here are embracing such populist rhetoric , given their supposed disdain for populism . 
  what 's even more surprising is the fact that this simply is n't true . 
  the greek proposal actually included a removal of early retirements . 
  the ecb did n't act as a lender of last resort out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  can we please stop pretending they did . 
  given the fact that many forms of electoral content have been posted before , i do n't see how this does n't belong in r/europe . 
  if it was the mayoral appointment of a politician to any european city , it would be posted here . 
  recently enough , the election of a women to the mayoral office of barcelona was on the front page . 
  how so ? 
  local political news about many european countries is posted here . 
  i 'm glad . 
  time and time again , the creditors have shown their stubbornness with regards to any form of negotiation . 
  the conservative austerity policies undertaken by the troika have been a complete failure and any attempt to preserve them is bound for further disaster . 
  in the short run , a default will cause a great deal of problems , but in the long run , it 's a much more preferable option . 
   so a lot of europeans see them as `` their '' agents in this negotiation . 
  the thought that the troika represents me in any shape or form makes me want to vomit . 
   along with a growing number of the world 's most influential economists , stiglitz has begun to urge the troika to forgive greece 's debt -- estimated to be worth close to $ 300 billion in bailouts -- and to offer the stimulus money that two successive greek governments have been requesting given much of [ of the academic consensus regarding austerity , ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html ) it baffles me how people can still defend such a failed program . 
  varoufakis is n't a marxist in the traditional sense . 
  in the article you listed , he explicitly disagrees with major points that most modern marxist academics accept . 
  in ireland , most people are the same . 
  we just call them cultural catholics . 
  with the exception of the left platform , syriza are ' t that extreme . 
  when did opposing the economically illiterate idea of austerity become `` extreme '' . 
  and the cdu and the social democrats have also formed a coalition , what 's your point ? 
   populist that word is loosing all meaning . 
   the london one is pretty crazy , at least some parts of it . 
  ca n't really say anything about london , but the one in dublin is pretty tame , for the most part ( granted , that could have been due to the weather ) . 
   nobody really remembers the normal people compared to the wacky ones . 
  provided they 're not completely naked , who cares . 
  everyday , we 're surrounded by pictures of women in suggestive clothing and no one bats an eye . 
  not to mention the fact that there are far more provocative parades that do n't draw as much attention . 
  yet , people seem to be fixated on what happens in pride . 
  pride parades are n't nearly as provocative as your assuming . 
  in comparison to mardi gras and many other parades , it 's pretty tame . 
  nonetheless , people will still continue to spout preconceived ideas based on some picture they saw on the internet . 
  i 'm glad that there is still some form of a left-wing within the labour party . 
   unfortunately , syriza is one of the culprits in that respect . 
  hopes that , as a left wing party , it would root out tax evasion and tax privileges , were dashed . 
  it formed a coalition with a far-right party . 
  its talks with its creditors have seen wild swings in its positions from one day to the next -- and from one minister to another . 
  just as agreement was hailed as near , new demands appeared at the last minute .
