  either he is misinformed , or ignorant . 
  syriza were not the party demanding concessions `` at the last minute '' . 
  on the contrary , they ceded a great deal of supposed `` red lines '' they originally planed to maintain . 
  meanwhile , the creditors refused to even consider some of the more outlandish policies they are so keen on , most notably the 3.5 % primary surplus . 
  as for the coalition , that 's democracy . 
  during the general election , syriza were not awarded a complete mandate . 
  thus , they entered a coalition with a right-wing party who also opposed the structural adjustment program ( [ a program which has been a complete and utter failure . ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) ) . 
   as a percentage of gdp using any figures that are recorded as a % of gdp is disingenuous , especially given the fact that greek national income has plummeted since the depression began . 
  granted , what can you expect . 
  it would n't be the first time new-labour attempted to mislead the public . 
   if i was a european politician i 'd use the current volatility and try to capitalize on the crisis by pushing the further integration of the ez . 
  pushing european integration without a democratic mandate will only alienate the public and cause a rise in euroscepticism . 
  nothing good will come of it . 
  and ? 
  politicians will follow advice from whomever agrees with their political views , regardless if someone has a nobel prize , or not . 
  the nobel prize for economics is based on accomplishments in a social science , not politics . 
  the nobel prize for literature has nothing to do with science . 
   it isn \u00b4 t a exact science and literature is ? 
  it depends . 
  the form of polygamy practiced in african countries is a very traditional institution that violates various treaties regarding human rights . 
  of course , a distinction must be made between different forms of polygamy . 
  the egalitarian polyamory prominent in many western nations is , in my view , a perfectly acceptable relationship . 
  with that said , any form of polygamy that is consistently involved in the forced marriage of children , is not something we should condone . 
  it 's not a law . 
  it 's a lack of contractual information . 
  you did n't seriously just call syriza communists , did you ? 
  god , i hate this sub sometimes . 
   making new demands is not `` making concessions '' in any rational mind . 
  they 're renegotiating a program to which they had , and do oppose . 
   which means the state of greece has agreed to those terms . 
  again , the program had no clause preventing renegotiation . 
  in terms of international law , they can legally renegotiate the structural adjustment program . 
   making concessions as you claimed . 
  yes , because i 'm referring to the current negotiations . 
   the terms of the loans are what greece has already agreed to . 
  the previous government had agreed to  changing those terms by claiming that simply by the virtue of having a new government greece is suddenly free of those terms is delusional . 
  like i said , you ca n't compare the structural adjustment program to that of a binding international treaty between two sovereign states . 
  the terms have been , and are open to negotiation , legally speaking . 
   3.5 % of gdp over the medium term does anyone think this was realistic ? 
  no wonder they rejected the terms of the creditors . 
   new demands new demands by a new government renegotiating a program regarding fiscal measures are n't the same as international treaties . 
  syriza are n't mandated by the actions of the new democracy government in that regard . 
   greek statehood i do n't think you quite understand the concept of what constitutes a binding international agreement . 
  edit : down voting me does n't contribute to the discussion , it just comes of as childish . 
   the structural adjustment program is what both greece and the creditors have agreed to . 
  the previous new democracy government agreed to the structural adjustment program , not the current syriza government . 
  again , legally the agreement was not binding in the sense that there is a ban on any form of negotiation . 
  it was binding , but certainly did n't prevent negotiation . 
  as a matter of fact , the agreement had to be confirmed through various time periods . 
   greece is the one demanding changes to what greece has already agreed to the structural adjustment program had no clause with a pretense to a preventive measure regarding negotiation . 
  implying it did , is disingenuous . 
   creditors that have made concessions very few . 
  they 're more concerned with preserving a failed economic policy . 
   subtle mockery relax , it was a joke . 
   just look at how fast syriza , podemos happened i know , and i think the rise of genuine left-wing political parties is great for both europe , and society . 
  twas just joke , friend . 
  twas just a joke . 
   looking at your post history it 's obvious i 've run into some sort of serial neo liberal sock puppet . 
  tell me where did the syriza touch you ? 
  you sure that 's my post history ? 
  i 've been pretty supportive of the syriza government . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is absurd . 
  if you had actually read the agreement proposed by the greek government , you would be aware that the creditors are not interested in any form of negotiation . 
  contrary to the article above , their proposal ( the greek governments proposal ) is rather moderate and consists of a huge amount of concessions , most of which i ( as a person on the left of the political spectrum ) actually disagreed with . 
  in contrast , the creditors have consistently defended a failed program to the point were it has become clear , that they are not concerned with an actual negotiation . 
  instead , they want capitulation . 
   ireland is full of them . 
  not really , with the exception of the socialist party and some other leftist groups , there really is n't many eurosceptics here . 
   blame the eu for all our problems . 
  no one blames the eu solely , but there are genuine criticisms . 
   void any sense of personal responsibility in a political context . 
  people on the left have been particularly critical of the laissez faire capitalist policies which led to the property bubble . 
   because trade with europe has benefited most industries i fail to see how a political union is required for trade agreements . 
   it becomes europe 's fault . 
  the fact that we do n't have a national monetary system is , yes , predominately the fault of our association with the eurozone . 
  if we actually had a monetary system , we could have followed a different path to that of the one mandated by the troika . 
  syriza were given a democratic mandate to renegotiate the structural adjustment program , [ a program which has been a complete and utter failure . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) the ideology they represent is the ideology of the majority of the greek people . 
   diplomatically speaking , direct democracy is pretty much the biggest act of shamelessness imaginable . 
  oh , the horror . 
  why let people contribute and make decisions within society . 
  why do n't these damn neo-commie stalinists just accept the fact that real democracy relies on a politically elite bureaucracy , not actual people . 
  who do these people think they are ? 
  pff , why let people contribute and make decisions within society . 
  why do n't these damn neo-commie stalinists just accept the fact that real democracy relies on a politically elite bureaucracy , not actual people . 
  who do these people think they are ? 
  i 'd disagree . 
  the structural adjustment program has absolutely contributed to the crisis . 
  ludicrous assumptions about the primary surplus rate , benign ideas about cutting spending in a recessionary period and a complete disregard for genuine tax reforms decimated national income figures . 
  to completely blame greece is absurd : [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ), 
  the fact that most people in italy and greece support same-sex marriage is a nice surprise . 
  good , in the short run , a default will be disastrous . 
  but in the long run , it will be preferable to that of the structural adjustment program which has proved to be a complete and utter failure .
