  at this stage , exiting the euro is preferable to that of a program which does n't actually address the major problems of the greek economy ( eg primary surplus rates , debt to gdp ratio , tax reforms etc ) . 
   furthermore , greece annual debt service was only 2.6 % of gdp in 2014 and it would remain that low all the way to 2020 , this slightly higher than france at 2.2 % and lower than portugal , spain and italy . 
  ultimately , it 's irrelevant . 
  when considering debt sustainability calculations , the fact that the primary surplus required exceeds that of what is feasible undermines any concessions in interest payments . 
  in essence , the fact that the rates of interest is low still does not account for the fact that the debt is n't sustainable . 
  the recent imf report even conceded that the debt is not sustainable . 
   up to december 2014 greece finally had a positive balance of payments because of reforms implementation . 
  at the cost of a rapid decrease in gdp due to spending reduction . 
  a bbc journalists just reported :  [ greek journos tell us no vote seems in front with 2 hrs till polls close . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/bbctimfranks/status/617692276115042305 ) * original post [ itt ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c6bul/greek_referendum_megathread/?sort=new ) by / u/cellularized edit [ the bbc reports that greek journalists believe that the `` no '' vote will win . 
  this is the second report of the day suggesting no has a slight lead in the voting . 
  but -- as britain learned in its general election in may -- opinion polls and predictions have a habit of turning out to be surprisingly wrong !, 
  ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/greece-referendum-live-blog-of-yes-no-vote-on-grexit-2015-7?r=us#ixzz3f1tento0 ), 
  irish, 
  or he does n't have a mandate to make a decision . 
  people continue to forget that syriza was elected on a platform which promised both to negotiate with creditors , and to maintain the euro . 
  given the stubbornness of the creditors during the negotiation , he simply ca n't keep both proposals . 
  most people here seem to be in favour of a `` yes '' vote , so i 'll give my reasons as to why i think a `` no '' vote will be preferable . 
  any continuation with a structural adjustment program that does not include some form of debt restructuring is bound for failure . 
  primary surplus obligations that are completely unrealistic given the greek negative balance of payments , vast amounts of spending reduction in a recessionary period and most notably , a debt to gdp ratio that is driving away foreign investment are all problems that must be addressed . 
  yet , the creditors seem to be fixated on failed macro-economic policy , [ despite the academic consensus regarding austerity . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html ) the fact of the matter is , greece can either continue with this policy , or deal with the disastrous short run effects of an inflationary greek economy . 
  like i said , in the short run , it will be difficult but in the long run , it will be preferable to that of the proposal offered by the creditors . 
  whiskey  vodka, 
   yup - someone wanting to use the march to make that point . 
  that 's why they 're a nice new-looking job lot of identical looking flags - because they are a nice new job lot of identical flags , bought en masse and handed out . 
  have you ever been to a protest ? 
  you could n't seriously believe this ? 
   well , that at least is true . 
  but any real free trade agreement ! = theoretical free trade agreement . 
  and ? 
   since ttip is n't even negotiated yet , most people would have a hard time making up their minds on the basis of real information , so your ability is doubly handy . 
  and yet , you equated support for a trade agreement with support for the ttip fta , despite the fact that negotiations are still taking place . 
   who are marching for water charges will wave flags handed out to them yes , i 'm sure someone just decided to handout flags to random protesters . 
  nope , it has nothing to do with political solidarity . 
  nothing at all ...  eu-us trade deal at 70 % . 
  and if pollsters referenced the trade deal you brought up , most people would probably be opposed . 
  a free trade agreement = this free trade agreement . 
   the number of people at such protests barely reaches double figures [ not really . 
  that 's more than any demonstrations in support of the sap . 
  should we place a disclaimer to every article that has political motives ? 
   the fee is waived for refugees and stateless persons . 
  [ not just the fee  ( http://www.citizensinformation.ie/en/moving_country/irish_citizenship/becoming_an_irish_citizen_through_naturalisation.html )  in the case of a refugee , stateless person or a person of irish associations , the minister will normally waive 2 of the 5 years ' reckonable residence requirement . 
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  the timeframe for residency is 36 months . 
  it depends on a case by case basis , but it 's usually longer . 
  i do n't think you could say with complete certainty that most refugees are likely to be awarded citizenship , but under the clause relating to refugee status in the geneva convention , a waver of of 2-5 years regarding residency does exist for both refugees and stateless individuals . 
  the ministry of justice and equality tends to respect the basis on which international treaties are signed and thus , a waver is usually granted . 
   this is coming from a source that is pro-independence , very left wing , and very biased . 
  and ? 
  articles from the economist routinely get upvoted here . 
  as long as the source contributes to the discussion , who cares where its political bias lies . 
   the majority of people it 's nice that you 've taken it on your behalf to speak for the people of europe . 
   so where are all the people saying that the referendum was a brilliant political move , bourne of calculation by tsipras ? 
  a true win-win they were saying !, 
  have you been reading this sub lately ? 
  no one has said that . 
  you could easily apply that statement to the inter-war period of the weimar republic . 
  it is anecdotal , but considering the amount of greek solidarity protests in dublin , either those who are opposed to austerity have a louder voice and are more prone to demonstrate , or they are the majority . 
   you self identify as communist . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i am a socialist though . 
   do you think that might influence the people you hang around and speak with about these issues ? 
  to a certain extent , but even among people on the right who i have spoken to , there is a sense of sympathy . 
  for instance , my father who voted for the ruling conservative government thinks there should be no interest payments on the debt . 
  if i remember correctly , most people would vote for the centrist alde . 
  on top of that , people are completely opposed to immigration , support austerity and , if some threads are to believed , want to ban any form of communist symbolism . 
  in essence , most people here are a republicans wet dream . 
   he 's struggling to get sympathy on reddit , where the demographic is largely young/centre-left . 
  maybe five years ago , but people are far more conservative than you think , especially on this sub . 
  i do n't know of any specific polls , but i 'd wager opinions differ depending on location . 
  in ireland , most people i 've spoken to are either ambivalent or supportive . 
  you 'd probably get a similar reaction in places where there are large anti-austerity movements such as spain . 
  traditional left-leaning countries such as france will probably have a population that is more sympathetic to those opposed to conservative policies . 
  at the same time , countries such as germany and others in eastern europe tend to be more conservative and thus , are more likely to oppose a left-wing government . 
  all in all , i 'd say it 's pretty divided . 
  personally , the thought that the troika represents me in any shape or form makes me want to vomit but like i said , others will have differing opinions . 
  edit : of course , this is a tad bit of a generalization and obviously , exceptions do exist . 
  this does n't even have anything to do with debt reduction . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  despite the consensus of the circlejerk , he was right . 
  the austerity program has been a complete failure , and people who want to continue with the implementation of the structural adjustment program are either deluded , or ignorant . 
  good , a `` no '' vote is better than the alternative . 
  austerity has only resulted in failure . 
   the lenders do not believe in on every single metric , the program the lenders do believe in has been a complete and utter failure :   [ the economic projections that accompanied the standby arrangement assumed that greece could impose harsh austerity with little effect on growth and employment . 
  greece was in recession when the deal was reached , but the projections assumed this downturn would end soon -- that there would be only a small contraction in 2011 , and that , by 2012 , greece would be recovering . 
  unemployment , the projections conceded , would rise substantially , from 9.4 per cent in 2009 to almost 15 per cent in 2012 , but would then begin coming down fairly quickly . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 )  [ what actually transpired was an economic and human nightmare . 
  far from ending in 2011 , the greek recession gathered momentum . 
  greece did n't hit the bottom until 2014 and , by that point , it had experienced a full-fledged depression , with overall unemployment rising to 28 per cent and youth unemployment rising to almost 60 per cent . 
  and the recovery now under way is barely visible , offering no prospect of pre-crisis living standards . ], 
  ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/paul-krugman-syriza-should-ignore-calls-to-be-responsible-1.2080112 ) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  cutting spending and adjusting consumption to equate production is necessary to balance the books creditors do n't want a balanced budget , they want a surplus budget which is very unlikely , given the fact that the greek balance of payments is negative . 
   a new program creditors are n't offering a new program , they 're offering nothing but the same . 
  the idea that cutting spending in a recessionary period will , somehow , improve economic activity is flawed . 
  i was in dublin about a week ago , and there was some sort of a left-wing protest passing thorough town . 
  so on top of the traditional tri-colour that is carried in most protests , there was a metric ton of greek flags , a couple of spanish flags and god knows how many red flags . 
  to round it all of , it was pride so the entire city was caked in rainbow flags . 
  it was a vexillologists wet dream . 
  that makes more sense . 
  thank you for expending on what you actually meant . 
  look , i 'm completely opposed to austerity but parliaments have certain standard procedures .
