  ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/ireland/thousands-attend-greek-solidarity-protest-in-dublin-as-greece-prepares-for-polls-685061.html ) i 'd assume that the reactions of the people who attended would be positive , but i 'm not aware of any polls . 
  ww continues to impress . 
  apart from your last thread , none of them made it to the front page ( and none of them will ) . 
  not to mention the fact that if you actually look at most of those threads , most people are of the opinion that the article is wrong , usually for the most moronic of reasons . 
   +6 `` so does anyone have any idea how greece are gon na get out of there predicament , with people only being able to withdraw $ 60 a day and the banks basically out of money '' this was posted by someone who is opposed to the greek government . 
  did you even read the thread . 
   +198 `` in defence of greece : 6 myths busted '' look at top comment in that thread :  defense of greece ? 
  am i on the right sub ? 
   david cameron and alexis tspiras forget the same thing : germany has an electorate , too that 's not the point . 
  no one gives a shit about karma , it 's about fostering actual debate and discussion . 
   if you try to disallow differing viewpoints and try to make a circlejerk out of a discussion , you deserve every downvote you get . 
  what do you think most people on this sub do . 
  for christs sake , look at the front page : `` why are the greeks celebrating , ask baffled germans '' `` a possible explanation of why some see greece as an overspending and irresponsible state expecting others to finance it , while others a poor country , where people have suffered too much . '', 
  `` david cameron and alexis tspiras forget the same thing : germany has an electorate , too '' try posting an article in defense of the greek government and see what happens . 
   then i have no pity that you might get downvotes . 
  you 're not supposed to downvote based on discussion . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  it 's cancerous because no one can actually have a discussion on the disadvantages of austerity without getting downvoted . 
  edit :  populist does this word even have any meaning anymore ? 
  at this stage , i 'm beginning to hope they do . 
  the notion that cutting spending will , somehow , improve economic activity is ludicrous : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png any continuation with a structural adjustment program that does not include some form of debt restructuring is bound for failure . 
  primary surplus obligations that are completely unrealistic given the greek negative balance of payments , vast amounts of spending reduction in a recessionary period and most notably , a debt to gdp ratio that is driving away foreign investment are all problems that must be addressed . 
  yet , the creditors seem to be fixated on failed macro-economic policy , [ despite the academic consensus regarding austerity . 
  ] ( http://mainlymacro.blogspot.ie/2015/06/the-academic-consensus-on-impact-of.html ), 
  completely agree . 
  the community here is becoming more cancerous every day i 'm here . 
  you ca n't really compare ireland 's situation to that of greece . 
  multinational investment is rather high . 
  thus , our national income figures have a greater potential to rise than greece . 
  greece did go through mass deficit reduction , far more than ireland and the results were disastrous . 
  turns out that major spending reduction in a recessionary period is n't particularly a good idea . 
  the obvious trade issues . 
  and i 'd also take issue with anyone who thinks the austerity policies have worked in ireland . 
  despite being praised as europe 's darling for the past few years , the reality is more complicated . 
  [ as i was saying , ireland 's situation is far more complicated than most people like to assume . 
  ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2014/01/13/opinion/011314krugman3/011314krugman3-blog480.png ) real gdp is stagnant , national income is only growing due to the fact that it is lost growth and unemployment is still below pre-crisis levels . 
  compare this to many countries who underwent keynesian expansionary policy and it becomes clear , ireland went down the wrong path . 
  edit : oh god , the comments itt are cancerous . 
  why do i do this to myself . 
  and such massive debt reduction in a recessionary period resulted in this : http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/greekovery.png http://www.interfluidity.com/uploads/2015/07/troika-forecasts-large.png, 
   greece 's main problem is n't the debt , that 's maybe 5 % of gdp . 
  you could n't possibly be this stupid . 
  what 's the point ? 
  is n't it kind of obvious at this stage . 
  and without a right-wing governments insistence on joining a flawed monetary union , there would n't be a debt sustainability crisis in the first place . 
   now , in the case of average salary we can see a much higher ratio in greece compared to countries with similar gdp/capita . 
  a reason backing up the irresponsible greek spending claim . 
  not really . 
  any statistics that are recorded as a % of gdp are going to be very misleading considering greek national income has plummeted , mostly due to the austerity program mandated by the troika . 
  if you want an accurate representation of living standards , look at gnp , unemployment figures , comparisons between pre-crisis gdp and gdp now , average wages etc. 
  stop deliberately misleading people . 
   greeks out from ez and eu . 
  they show none respect to the union fellas if most people have this attitude , i hope it does fail . 
  tis a strange day when righteousness is confused for a policy which predominantly punishes the poorest among us . 
  there is nothing christian about austerity . 
  edit : `` again i tell you , it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for someone who is rich to enter the kingdom of god . '', 
  apologies for the daily mail article , could n't find another source . 
   the strangest thing to me is that merkel may still give them more of your money . 
  slightly more complicated than that . 
  whoops . 
  fixed, 
   which is centre and on some topics centre left leaning maybe two years ago , but most people here are fairly conservative now . 
   look at germany for an example and look at how thousands of people marched in solidarity with the greek government yesterday in dublin . 
  different people have different opinions . 
   who burn your flag to my knowledge , most greek people have not burned your flag . 
   looking at the european parliament . 
  considering that the european elections had a ridiculous low turn out rate , no it 's not . 
  i do n't deny that spending reduction was needed but to demand a primary surplus of 4 % is bound for failure , economically speaking . 
   the problem is that right wing policies are needed for economic growth in poor countries . 
  ah , yes . 
  because , as we all know , vast cuts in spending during a recessionary period greatly aid economic growth . 
   anti-european sentiment . 
  i used to be a huge proponent of european integration but now , i 'm not entirely sure . 
  seeing eu institutions consistently demand right-wing conservative policies are making it difficult for me to reconcile my political views with my original opinions of the eu . 
   i just learned now that the average retirement age in greece is 55 . 
  65 in the eu . 
  no , it 's not . 
  for those who actually care about , you know , actual facts : http://www.oecd.org/els/emp/ageingandemploymentpolicies-statisticsonaverageeffectiveageofretirement.htm the average is around somewhere between the ages of 62-63 . 
   germany did n't want the euro in the first place . 
  citation needed . 
   southern european countries it would be intresting to see if there are any polls , but i 'd wager ( with the exception of portugal ) , many people in these countries would be very sympathetic considering the large anti-austerity movements in the south . 
   unfair playing on peoples emotions does n't change the fact that the structural adjustment program was based on failed macroeconomic policy . 
  i 'm going to enjoy watching r/europe completely loose its shit . 
  it 's nice that you 've brought it upon yourself to speak on behalf of all of europe . 
  things in ireland are complicated . 
  politically , we 've seen a shift to the left . 
   reparations i may be wrong , but did n't previous greek governments call for reparations . 
  apparently many french officials in the socialist government have been rather critical towards their german counterparts , if some articles are to be believed : http://www.wsj.com/articles/france-emerges-as-eurozones-voice-for-greece-1435933731  as greece careens toward a potential rupture with the eurozone , france is emerging as the only friendly voice in a currency bloc where others are taking an increasingly hard line . 
  paris has struck a dovish tone over months of tortuous talks with greece , but left the heavy-lifting of negotiations to the institutions representing athens 's creditors . 
  in recent days , however , france has taken a more active role , according to people familiar with the matter , seeing its vision of the eurozone at risk of a heavy blow if greece exits the currency bloc . 
   the french political elite is deeply devoted to the idea of the eurozone as a broader political and economic project , said shahin vall\u00e9e , an economist at the bruegel think tank who was recently an aide to french economy minister emmanuel macron . 
  that idea has never held the same appeal across the rhine in germany , where officials have long been suspicious of the costs of eurozone integration ; some have argued that cutting greece loose would strengthen the currency bloc . 
   `` france is very opposed to greece leaving the euro , '' mr. vall\u00e9e said . 
  `` in a sense , that 's the final nail in the coffin of the idea france had of the monetary union . '', 
   sch\u00e4ulbe is one of the most hated politicians in greece . 
  according to recent polls in germany sch\u00e4ulbe is on an alltime high of 70 % trust ahead of merkel . 
  it 's interesting how different countries view the situation . 
  in ireland , thousands of people took to the streets of dublin to call for solidarity with the greek government yesterday . 
  i 'm hoping france will be able to sway germany so we can come to some form of an agreement with genuine debt restructuring . 
  if not , very well .
