   ukip are n't planning on being part of a coalition farage did say he was willing to work with david cameron . 
   libdems may enter another coalition with the tories . 
  it 's a possibility but like i said , they 're not going to hold the balance of power . 
   no , this is extremely unlikely . 
  the labour party have ruled it out and the snp have ruled it out . 
  the snp have ruled out a formal coalition but they 're still willing to support miliband . 
  if you have been watching some of the recent televised debates , it 's pretty clear sturgeon will support a labour government . 
  at the same time , you have to keep in mind that labour ca n't openly acknowledge that they will have to enter a coalition before the general election given scottish labour 's current political standing . 
  when push comes to shove , they 're going to have to face the facts . 
   in my mind this keeps the tories in power after the general election . 
  it 's unlikely . 
  the libdems probably are n't going to maintain the balance of power , thus leaving the snp who will under no circumstances support a conservative government . 
  not to mention the fact that the libdems wo n't enter a coalition that involves ukip . 
  my money is on a labour-snp coalition ( with minor support from the greens , pc and the sdlp ) . 
  seems far more probable given the current polls . 
   grade a hyperbole right there . 
  so is banning an entire political ideology . 
   soviet symbols . 
  but this is n't just soviet symbols , it 's what ever the state deems to be `` communist '' . 
  by doing so , you tarnish the likes of people such as james connolly , oscar wilde and other socialists who have greatly improved the lives of working people and contributed so much to society . 
  it 's nothing more than an impediment to freedom of speech . 
  that slavoj zizek impression was spot on . 
   was n't butt fucked by russians again , i should really remove my flair if every single time i try to comment people continue to bring it up . 
  it 's not an argument , people do n't speak on behalf of their country here . 
  regardless , if you were slightly more aware of history , you would realise my country suffered incredibly due the actions of imperialist powers . 
   renaming adolf hitler platz is erasing history and should not be done . 
  not really . 
   calling for such ideology have you read marx ? 
  ( outside of the manifesto ) . 
  his entire work is based on a criticism of capitalism . 
  he contributed very little to modern revolutionary socialist understanding . 
  does his work deserve to be burned ? 
  what about rosa luxemburg who spoke out against the actions of the early soviet union regarding free speech and the consolidation of power . 
  should her work be burned ? 
  socialism is a far more varied ideology . 
   burned every poisonous book no country can claim to be an open liberal democracy while simultaneously burning books . 
  it 's childish . 
  i would n't have much of a problem with it but i do n't think you can really compare hitler to lenin , they 're both very different people . 
  not to mention the fact , many people , mostly the russian speaking population do not see lenin as a tyrant . 
  nope , no one really builds statues of people while they are alive , for the most part . 
  not to mention the fact that germany were at war , i do n't quite think building a statue would be the right allocation of resources tbf . 
   statues of hitler there were no statues of hitler in poland . 
   maybe some irish neo-nazis disagree i 'll bite , what are you insinuating ? 
  all this time , i taught red baiting had gone out of fashion since mccarthy had his little own red scare . 
  your missing my point . 
  first , i do n't think anyone should topple his statue despite the fact i despise the man ( carson ) . 
  second , it has historical significance . 
  third , he , despite being a horrible man still has admirers among the unionist community and their beliefs should be respected just as much as my own . 
  no , but there are certainly monuments to very questionable people who did terrible things . 
  for instance , there is a man named edward carson who famously acted as the prosecutor for oscar wilde while he was undergoing sentencing due to fact he was gay . 
  on top of this , the man advocated for systematic oppression of catholic people in northern ireland . 
  now tell me , do irish catholics have the right to topple his statue , which remains till this day outside the stormont parliament . 
  i never said lenin did n't have anything do with the cheka ( how could i ? , the man founded the organisation ) . 
  you made the bold claim that lenin had signed the death warrant for an entire village which is blatantly not true . 
   cheka deffinetly purged many villages the cheka mostly targeted russian kulak 's and political dissidents ( which was obviously terrible ) but they never slaughtered an entire village . 
   without lenin there would have been no stalin lenin explicitly warned the central committee about stalin in his final testament :  `` stalin is too rude , and this fault , entirely supportable in relations among us communists , becomes insupportable in the office of general secretary . 
  therefore , i propose to the comrades to find a way to remove stalin from that position and appoint to it another man who in all respects differs from stalin only in superiority -- namely , more patient , more loyal , more polite and more attentive to comrades , less capricious , etc. 
  this circumstance may seem an insignificant trifle , but i think that from the point of view of preventing a split and from the point of view of the relation between stalin and trotsky which i discussed above , it is not a trifle , or it is such a trifle as may acquire a decisive significance . '', 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------  i 'll just leave this here i 'm well aware of the red purges and i certainly do not condone the actions of the cheka . 
  with that said , at what point did lenin sign the death warrant of an entire village ? 
  are you speaking about the effects of war communism on the peasantry ? 
   i did n't say anything about cromwell . 
  i was pointing out the fact that men who have committed atrocious acts in the past still have some form of historical commemoration . 
   maybe to you , a westerner ugh , i 'm tired of this argument . 
  i should really remove my flair . 
   he occupied ukraine imperial russia had occupied ukraine and at the time of the revolution , it was divided between a pro-white monarchist military presence , and the free ukraine territories under an anarcho-communist system of administration . 
  he did n't quite occupy ukraine . 
  that 's a huge oversimplification . 
  as a matter of fact , he wrote extensively on the right to self determination :  `` complete equality of rights for all nations ; the right of nations to self-determination ; the unity of the workers of all nations '' -----------------------------------------------------------------------------  signed documents for entire villages you 're going to have to be more specific , i 'm not sure what you 're talking about ? 
   face forced starvation that claimed 7 million lives in a single year lenin is responsible for stalin now ? 
   it 's not that kind of history that should be admired . 
  ... as opposed to the reign of cromwell ? 
   imagine the germans and austrians having a statue of hitler somewhere in broad daylight look , even i ( someone who considers himself relatively far left ) have my problems with lenin but he 's not exactly comparable to hitler . 
  that 's a tad bit hyperbolic . 
   removing monuments to a murderous tirant is not a vandalism . 
  why ? 
  it 's historical . 
  there are people who have done things far worse who , due to historical reasons have some form of historical remembrance . 
  case in point , http://www.urban75.org/london/images/houses-of-parliament-10.jpg ( outside the british house of parliament , no less ) if a group of individuals attempted to topple cromwell 's statue , the media would scream about vandalism despite the fact that he committed mass genocide . 
  edit : you know , the downvote button is n't supposed to have anything to do with disagreements . 
   nina soboleva , daughter of sculptor viktor volovik , lamented the destruction of his statue of russian revolutionary nikolay rudnev . 
  that 's strange . 
  this is the first time i 've heard of the man . 
  apparently he was a ukrainian -- uzbekistani chess master . 
  anyone know anything about him ? 
  it 's a stupid novelty account , look at his username . 
  just ignore him . 
   which is why i thought you saying states representing capitalism committed the atrocities , where you imply that it is capitalism 's inherent flaw even though violence is a trademark of the state and associates . 
  i agree to a certain extent but you could apply that to any ideology . 
  for instance , if we define socialism as the workers control over the means of production in the literal sense , the soviet union were not socialist as the state owned the means of production . 
   natural law is defined by our maker are atheists not obligated by natural law than ? 
   god made us in his image and so we have the god given right to life liberty and property as we were made in his image these terms would depend on your interpretation of religion . 
  someone who subscribes to liberation theology , would have a very different view regarding what and who god is and what his teachings are . 
   i 'm defining capitalism , i 'm not saying we should n't have taxation . 
  especially not in the times of adam smith , where he realises the importance of populist policies to keep the populace happy and the need to protect against foreign aggression . 
  also , keynesians are defined as capitalists as they are in favour of the manipulation of capitalism , but to do so is to forget the law of capitalism . 
  that it is voluntary , and so can not be manipulated . 
  again , the definition of both capitalism and socialism are so difficult to perfect that one 's view might differ . 
  many liberals i 've spoken to see capitalism as a primarily free market based ideology with government oversight to address certain issues with the boom and bust cycle . 
  they do n't identify capitalism with literally every transaction being voluntary .
