  no , what all of europe should have done from the start is make it clear to russia and the ukraine that it 's the 21st century and we will have exactly zero part in this murderous bullshit . 
  it 's not funny , but i 'm not impressed by this kind of warmongering propaganda ( `` protecting the borders of civilization '' ) either . 
  in fact , i ca n't help but laugh at how pretentious and on the wrong side of history it is . 
  the civilized world has moved on from killing and dying over lines on maps some 70 years ago , we do n't want or need this , thanks . 
  if your country is engaging in an active war with its neighbours over land , you have no claim to be protecting our civilization , you 're spitting in its face . 
  civilized europeans will never allow themselves to be dragged into a slaughter like that again , and we reject war as a legitimate means of solving neighbourly disputes . 
  if you do n't believe there 's a reason to exist , why exist ? 
  materialistic , nihilistic atheism considers hedonistic pleasure-seeking as the only reason we should care about living , and pain as the only sin . 
  that 's not a healthy basis for building or maintaining civilisation , no matter your ontological beliefs . 
  materialism-nihilism . 
  in my opinion , this growing threat will be an even greater danger to europe in the future than radical islam . 
  islam will always be a distrusted foreign presence in our lands , whereas atheism and materialism-nihilism arise from within . 
  we need to do more to fight them . 
  fun fact : the name means something like `` small island '' . 
  and the countries are called * slovensko * and * slovinsko * , which by most accounts sound the same in the local dialect . 
  i still ca n't tell , do you have a real argument why our enemies should be permitted to spread their ideology ? 
  cite edgy atheistic `` philosophers '' all you like . 
  i get it , you have no real argument other than personal insults . 
  so much for your respect for the truth . 
  you ca n't rationally explain why you want to allow hate speech , so the only thing i can conclude is that you fear some of what you have to say may be forbidden . 
  so you have correct opinions with regards to race , congratulations . 
  but correct opinions by themselves are meaningless if you 're willing to let your enemies abuse their speech to spread * incorrect * beliefs e.g. 
  about race . 
  i 'm not willing to do that , we 've had to suffer through too much to let conservatives , reactionaries and racists take it all back without a fight . 
   to hide behind the law is cowardly . 
  * you 're * hiding behind the philosophical law when you assert that our enemies technically have the right to win , therefore they should be allowed to . 
  fuck their enlightenment rights . 
  they 're criminals , and they deserve punishment . 
  i understand the value of truth , but i also understand the value of the state-sanctioned use of force . 
   to be blunt i see no difference between those hateful people and you . 
  i could say the same for you . 
  if you do n't have the moral courage to do what needs to be done , do n't dare hide behind `` values of the enlightenment '' to permit the open spread of values categorically opposed to it . 
  liberalism does n't mean letting your enemies win , every ideology has to be protected and enforced against the will of its opponents , otherwise you 're worshipping suicide . 
   uncensored speech or you could say unpoliced speech no matter how many times you draw this false equivalence , it does n't make it any more true . 
  unpoliced and uncensored speech * is not * free speech . 
  if you do n't police speech , you 're explicitly allowing racism , antisemitism , islamophobia , homophobia , holocaust denial and other forms of free speech . 
  and hate speech is the opposite of free speech . 
  therefore , unless you live in a perfect society where everyone is emphatic and follows the german law without prompting , you * need * to police people 's expression to ensure their freedom of speech is being respected and used appropriately . 
  anyone who claims to support `` free speech '' but does n't support lawful restrictions and penalties for its abuse does n't actually support free speech , they only support unpoliced speech - ie , a pathetic excuse for hate speech . 
  if you support some form of hate , why ca n't you just admit it ? 
  stop hiding behind this perverse abuse of the idea of free speech ffs . 
  the only reason free speech exists is to promote democracy , tolerance and equality between all people . 
  we wo n't allow it to be abused to achieve the opposite . 
  they can stay , racism has to go . 
  fuck you and your warantless bigotry . 
   by the way i am pretty sure that you are wrong about the law . 
  i am no lawyer , but i am pretty sure the basic law nor the charter of fundamental rights of the european union lists human dignity as a valid reason to limit freedom of speech . 
  the basic law , on the other hand , states  human dignity shall be inviolable . 
  protecting it shall be the duty of all state authority . 
  the state has the authority to police speech , and therefore the duty to do so in preservation of human dignity . 
  and , again , policing speech does not `` limit free speech '' , it 's how you protect free speech . 
  stop it with this absurd false equivalence between free speech and unpoliced speech . 
  you * need * to have sensible restrictions , oversight and penalties to have real , meaningful freedom of expression , otherwise you just have anarchy . 
   if you want to police speech then you are against the free speech . 
  i disagree with such an assertion , and so does german law . 
  you * ca n't * have free speech unless it is properly policed to ensure harmful and criminal ideas are being suppressed . 
  that 's the basic duty of any state that purports to provide the freedom of speech to its citizens . 
  otherwise , it 's a lie to say the free speech exists in that society , when you actually only have unpoliced speech . 
  the two are nothing alike . 
   which is a shame . 
  germany should not undermine democratic principles eu is build upon . 
  uncivilised countries should n't undermine equality , dignity , non-discrimination and other * far more fundamental * principles the eu is built upon . 
  i have no qualms whatsoever about using all available legal means and institutions to ensure that . 
  we will never stand for racism and hate , and you can count on that . 
   you convince people with evidence , not by suppressing them . 
  that obviously wo n't work for the people who are really operating in bad faith , but in the age of the internet neither will suppression . 
  you said it yourself . 
  the kind of people who deny the holocaust are n't some moral , honest historians trying to do ground-breaking research , they 're nazis motivated to glorify the regime by denying its crimes . 
  there 's no logic to their arguments , it 's a crime so it only makes sense to treat it as a crime . 
   what 's flawed about our interpretation ? 
  the idea that unpoliced speech is free speech . 
  is a society where people are free to commit murder and rape more free and dignified than one where they are not ? 
   but the thing i find myself repeating constantly to europeans is that the problem we do n't have is with our civil liberties . 
  it 's the one thing we do unequivocally better than the rest of you . 
  you 've been indoctrinated into thinking that way . 
  your entire ideology is founded on this principle misunderstanding that anarchy is liberating and the rule of law is oppression . 
   you keep repeating the same mantra , but you have n't even started to explain what the dignity , equality and tolerance is supposed to be exactly and why should anyone else beside of you care you do n't have to care about the laws and foundational principles of foreign countries . 
  but we have every right , and , arguably , the duty , to enforce and preserve them . 
  we have already started prosecuting foreign companies who fail to enforce the correct version of free speech on web platforms they offer in germany . 
  i hope we can eventually use the instrumentation of the eu for this as well . 
  nowhere in europe should be a safe space for discrimination and hate . 
   i do n't defend the holocaust denial , i defend the right to say all kind of things including denying holocaust as i said , i do n't buy the idea that unpoliced speech is free speech . 
  is a society where you 're free to commit murder and rape more free than one where you 're not ? 
  if you defend the expression of harmful ideas , you 're implicitly defending the ideas themselves . 
  you do n't get to wash your hands clean from the logical consequence of your policies . 
   i do n't think we should feel threatened by them . 
  i do n't think we should feel threatened by murderers and rapists either , because they should all be in prison . 
   i also want to remove this precedence that you can limit the individual freedoms because it offends so national or religious sentiments . 
  holocaust denial is n't illegal because it `` offends national or religious sentiments '' , it is illegal because it incites hate and it promotes a genocidal regime by diminishing its crimes . 
  it would still be illegal even if every last jew were dead and there was nobody to offend . 
  waste of perfectly good bearings . 
  intolerable !, 
   you are using the some very subjective language that could applied to many things it * could * , if you 're a racist , nazi or some other kind of sociopath . 
  the difference between us and uncivilised countries is , we do n't listen to that kind of people to begin with , even on the occasion when they manage to pronounce a sentence without committing a crime . 
  ridiculous philosophical non-arguments wo n't save you either if you break the law . 
   but one holds the right of going full retard and denying these if he really wants . 
  only in uncivilised countries that do n't value their people 's dignity . 
  yes , the glorification of genocidal regimes is a threat , as is denying their crimes . 
  a threat to the constitutional order , common values and basic human dignity . 
  btw , the armenian genocide is also real .
