  but i can see why you 'd be sympathetic to holocaust deniers when your government is trying to hide from your past crimes as well . 
   who are you to say what is a purpose of the free speech ? 
  the same as the purpose of all other freedoms , to promote human dignity , equality and tolerance . 
  every law that purports to enact freedom but opposes those basic values is oppressive and in violation of human dignity . 
   that 's why i think it is so valuable . 
  i agree , free speech is a valuable ideal . 
  but that does n't mean we have to allow it to be perverted by its opposite - hate speech . 
  making sure hate , threat and incitement are n't spread is a key part of a realistic free speech policy that actually values compassion , equality and dignity . 
  otherwise , you do n't have the freedom of speech , you have the same kind of anarchy abused by nazis in the 20s and 30s . 
   by the way nobody but you is talking about `` freedom to hate and discriminate '' . 
  except you 're literally defending holocaust denial . 
  make no mistake , this is * exactly * the kind of expression you 're defending when you misinterpret free speech to mean `` unpoliced speech '' . 
  and it ca n't be allowed . 
  we have police enforcing all kinds of laws in our society . 
  that does n't mean we 're not free , it means we 're free to live within the rule of law . 
   yeah , changing `` this '' particular law in germany is harder than replacing erdo\u011fan , and we both know that . 
  because near nobody actually supports changing it . 
  if it were as horrible to us as it is to you , that would n't be the case . 
  ... if you 're white , rich , lack empathy and do n't mind hate , possibly . 
  i would never live in such a country knowing my taxes help pay for racist exclusion policies , wars of aggression and hate groups instead of healthcare , education and immigration . 
  we 're talking about `` ideas '' that amount to little more than popular incitement . 
  there is no value to them , they drag us down as a society and , if they were somehow to be implemented again , there can be no question that human dignity would be violated . 
  and let 's not kid ourselves as to * who * it is that denies the holocaust . 
  these are n't upstanding , moral historians trying to do breakthrough research , they 're politically motivated to deny the crimes of regimes they want back . 
   so basically you get punished . 
  if you violate the law , the relevant penalties apply . 
  are you saying that that should n't be the case ? 
   typical conservative knucklehead bavarian . 
  should n't expect more from you anyway . 
  if you do n't like the law , that does n't give you permission to break it . 
  there are morally legitimate ways to change laws , and ignoring them is n't one of them . 
  this is n't turkey , nobody is being rounded up . 
  crimes are judged fairly on a case-by-case basis , and incitement of popular hatred is a crime , deal with it . 
  there is practically no human dignity in the usa . 
  even leaving aside the absurd amount of organised hate groups being allowed to operate freely , there is widespread religious extremism , the for-profit prison system , militarized police , uncontrolled deadly weapons in the hands of civilians , people being allowed to sign up for murdering foreigners before they 're allowed to drink , nationalism and army glorification , etc. 
  i ca n't imagine living a dignified life in such an environment . 
   how can possibly be the notion that i must be forbidden to voice certain ideas in order to be able to voice any ideas i want be anything else than an absurd doublethink ? 
  you 're wilfully misrepresenting reality here . 
  the purpose of freedom ( of speech , or anything else ) is to promote human equality and dignity . 
  any country that fails to suppress beliefs opposed to that is failing to uphold the freedom of its people by allowing it to be violated . 
  you can either have the `` freedom '' to hate and discriminate , or real freedom . 
  the two are n't compatible . 
   you keep going on and on about this `` dignity '' , and i do n't see where you 're going . 
  why is it the state 's duty to uphold `` human dignity '' , whatever that means ? 
  it is the state 's duty to uphold its laws , and protecting basic human dignity is right there in the * first article * of the basic law ( constitution ) of the federal republic . 
  i guarantee you practically nobody supports changing that . 
   in jim crow-era southern united states , a white person would probably consider it an `` insult to his basic human dignity '' to have a black person as a neighbor . 
  that 's absurd , you 're using an obvious affront to human dignity to excuse violating it . 
  the meaning of `` human dignity '' is very clear if you acknowledge that all members of the species h. sapiens are equally human . 
   i see potential for similar abuse of `` human dignity '' in german courts as `` extremism '' is abused in russian ones . 
  there 's a difference between a vague law passed by an autocrat and the * foundational principles * of a country . 
  because you categorically * do n't * have freedom , of speech or anything else , if you throw away basic human dignity by allowing people to commit hate speech and other crimes against dignity . 
  the notion that the result of anyone being able to say anything is somehow * more freedom * than under active protection of basic human dignity is absurd . 
  you * need * to police hateful ideologies to have real , effective freedom of speech that fosters human dignity and equality . 
  no , there can be no `` freedom '' if the open expression of such harmful ideas is permitted . 
  this is the flawed american interpretation of freedom you 're talking about , the freedom to eradicate basic human dignity . 
  we 're not having any of that , thanks . 
   you ca n't say they 're both wrong and their grievances non-existent i 'm not passing judgement on whether they 're morally right or wrong , i 'm saying they 're not addressable without abandoning basic human dignity . 
   also vague terms like `` basic human dignity '' should have no place in law codes of enlightened nations . 
  wrong . 
  it 's not vague , it 's right there , in the first article of the federal constitution . 
  it is the foundational principle of our country , and it will never be abandoned no matter how hard racists and populists cry about the fact that it 's being upheld . 
  who would have thought violent nutcases are n't the brightest bunch ? 
  we ca n't allow their perversion of islam cloud our judgement of it . 
  the overwhelming majority of muslims are peaceful and tolerant just like christians , and that 's what their faith should be judged by . 
  if anything , we need to focus on nihilistic atheism and leftist ideologies , that seems to me to be the real long-term cultural threat to europe . 
  because there 's nothing to debate . 
  fascists have zero addressable grievances . 
  basic human dignity is not up for debate , period . 
  the expression of their beliefs constitutes a criminal offense , not a debatable argument . 
  because the country currently calling itself `` macedonia '' has no links to historical macedon , not cultural , not ethnic , and only vaguely overlaps it in a geographical sense . 
  meanwhile , macedonia is already a region in modern greece , so there 's also potential for confusion there . 
  at the absolute minimum , fyrom should rename itself to `` northern macedonia '' , but preferably , their pretension to any links to `` macedonia '' should be dropped entirely . 
  arguing with racists would be interesting if they had any addressable grievances . 
  upholding the basic human dignity of all people is * not * up for debate , not now , not ever , deal with it . 
  * none * of the demands from the far-right can be accepted without dangerously compromising this stance . 
  that 's why i wo n't take anything you have to say seriously - you do n't have valid opinions , period . 
  not if you 're a discriminatory psychopath . 
  decent human beings , on the other hand , recognise we all have to play a part in alleviating the suffering of the people whose lives you ruined . 
  if you do n't like being civilised , decent human beings , you can always leave the eu . 
  they have a problem with ignorance and nationalism , it just happens to present itself in the form of islamophobia . 
  if we let it go on , it will only get worse . 
  this is why these countries have to be confronted and punished for their misbehaviour now . 
  this kind of discrimination can never be allowed again . 
   both with common sense policy towards migration shutting your ears and pretending globalism is n't happening is n't `` common sense '' , it 's the opposite . 
  these countries are deliberately , knowingly placing themselves on the wrong side of history , and they will eventually have to pay for pandering to the most ignorant and hateful . 
  exclusion never resulted in more tolerance , only learning to coexist has . 
  in the long run , we absolutely can not afford to have religious or racial discrimination anywhere in europe , not to mention such a disgraceful lack of empathy towards refugees . 
  all of europe must be open to all europeans , no matter how recent . 
  people who want to define themselves by their colour , religion or lines on maps simply will not win . 
  hell exists . 
  i seriously ca n't tell if this is satire . 
  op , if you 're for real , get help . 
  i do n't understand the point you 're trying to make , if any . 
  a war-torn wasteland comparable only to the likes of syria and somalia , apparently . 
  totally biased map . 
  off the top of my head , the us has literally been at war since 2001 , yellow china , viet nam , thailand , kazakhstan , brazil , argentina , south africa , greece , bosnia , belarus : not involved in any war or armed conflict , somehow as bad as the us mexico , venezuela , colombia , india , egypt : literally at peace , orange saudi arabia : waging a war of aggression against a neighbouring sovereign state , also orange . 
  russia : half-heartedly supporting foreign wars since ~ 2014 , red . 
  the ukraine : conducting an on-and-off `` anti-terrorist operation '' in one of its regions , which is apparently as bad as syria , iraq , afghanistan and north korea . 
  what the fuck is this index even supposed to measure ?
