\\  swedish-speaking , swedish-looking , swedish-acting , totally-not-swedish finns, 
  the fact that there is no objective , reliable institution to enforce `` international law '' - it 's just a series of agreements that get enforced by parties to it when convenient . 
  and we 're not talking about individuals , but conflicts between sovereign states . 
  if you shoot someone across a border , both states involved will agree you 've committed a crime . 
  if one state wages war against another , however , they will obviously disagree as to whether this act is legal and legitimate . 
  interpersonal interactions are not analogous to international relations . 
  for one , in our society we have the rule of law everyone can legitimately be forced to obey by agreed-upon institutions , whereas no such thing exists in terms of international relations . 
  secondly , sovereign countries have wildly varying political and cultural systems , several of which are unconstitutional and illegal in germany . 
  if someone attacks me , i know with reasonable certainty that he 's violating the law and will answer for it . 
  no such assurance exists with in international relations between sovereign states , which is why upholding non-aggression and non-reciprocation is even more important . 
  obviously if you look for instances where war had a favourable ending , you do n't have to look far - it almost always does , for one of the sides involved . 
  does n't make it right . 
   that is n't obvious at all . 
  it 's wrong . 
  so which of the historical examples i 've listed do you feel do n't apply , and why not ? 
   blame the instigators , not the people that refused to be oppressed . 
  i blame war on the people perpetuating it , no matter the reasons they cite for doing so . 
  if the only way you see of `` refusing to be oppressed '' is to act in a manner morally indistinguishable from the oppressor , you do n't deserve the distinction . 
  the nazis saw themselves as fighting a war of self-defence , against jewish people , communists , etc. 
  it makes much more sense to oppose war as a general rule , because as soon as you allow exceptions , you allow moral ambiguity . 
  and you can obviously defend yourself against aggression without resorting to the same warlike tactics employed by aggressors , just look at the decolonisation of india or the mass movement against the war in viet nam for an example . 
  the idea that you need to engage in war to defend yourself against war is plainly absurd . 
   that certainly helped the brits when they did the very same thing when hitler began annexing nations if you 're going to pick examples when war worked , it worked in every case , for the side that won . 
  this kind of thinking is inherently flawed , see [ survivorship bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/survivorship_bias ) . 
  but there are also clear historical examples where non-violence beat foreign aggression , such as the decolonisation of india and the pacifist mass movements against the war in viet nam . 
   our sanctions got russia on the verge of economic collapse . 
  relaxing them and just forgetting the ukraine conflict is a dumb move . 
  anything that reduces the risk of our military involvement is the right choice . 
  war should be avoided at all costs . 
   i do n't accept that was is n't a legitimate means to ending a conflict . 
  most people do n't . 
  it 's just only acceptable to end certain conflicts under certain conditions . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  war is either a legitimate means , or it is not . 
  if you decide you can pick and choose when you have the right to kill people and ruin countless lives , you 're no better than the aggressor , you just have a different heuristic for when you 're willing to go to war . 
  the only acceptable answer is * never * . 
   what 's so obviously problematic about your approach is that it has no answer for a situation where all other nations agree to never engage in war under any circumstances , but where one is willfully aggressive and does not agree to such an arrangements . 
  yes it does . 
  stop reciprocating aggression . 
  war is a part of our lives exactly because armed states exist in a constant state of one-upsmanship and reciprocation . 
  gandhi freed india by refusing to play this idiotic game . 
  again , if you have to kill your enemy , he 's already won . 
  stop playing with people 's lives . 
  that 's all it takes . 
   only in a world where you could guarantee no one would engage in war could you adopt the position of never being willing to use war as a method that 's not the case . 
  you only have to guarantee that a large enough subset of people and peoples will refuse to * reciprocate * war with war . 
   the bottom line is that war is a method . 
  it 's morality is entirely dependent upon the circumstances in which it is used . 
  it is n't . 
  it is a senseless waste of lives and resources , and immoral , always . 
  just because some wars are even less justified than others does n't mean we should answer them with more war and destruction , that 's how the entire system of immorality and suffering is propagated . 
  it has to stop at some point . 
  they basically `` gave up '' crimea ( ie , refused to respond to aggression with war ) , and by any reasonable measure the lives of the people who actually live there are better than those in the donbass war zone . 
  i do n't care about countries or lines on maps , what matters is the people , and people are better off at peace than they are at war as a general rule . 
  so your response to war would be more war ? 
  i ca n't believe people can still be so misguided . 
  if we accept that war is not a legitimate means to settling conflicts , that has to include dealing with warlike nations . 
  otherwise , we have n't achieved anything but an unwarranted feeling of moral superiority . 
  you keep bringing up this analogy as though it were valid in any way . 
  no government that exists today anywhere is in any way comparable to the nazi regime . 
  also , if the lesson you drew from nazis and wwii is `` sometimes , it 's ok to kill people if you feel like they deserve it '' , go back and read more . 
  i ca n't believe people can be this ignorant of history or misinterpret its moral lessons . 
  if anything , our past should teach us to look harder for non-violent solutions , and never accept that killing is preferable solution , or a legitimate solution to anything to begin with . 
  i 'm not very familiar with bears , but it is my understanding that trying to fight back would n't accomplish much . 
  i also fail to see the relevance of dealing with animals to international situations . 
  humans have moral agency , animals do n't . 
  i reject the idea that there 's no possible middle ground between accepting aggression and sinking to the level of aggressors . 
  but if the only way of countering aggression turns out to be through killing , i see zero point in doing so , since you lose all moral justification the moment you lower yourself to that level . 
  if you have to kill your opponents , they 've already won . 
  let me tell you what i would n't feel even if that were to happen : the psychotic urge to kill and destroy lives even if it means throwing away yours . 
  or the desire to have other people do it on my behalf , for that matter . 
  how so ? 
  nobody died , and there does n't seem to be any mass discontent behind the change in sovereignty in crimea itself that would warrant anyone killing or dying . 
  i 'd say that 's a better situation than the donbass , but then again i do n't have irrational emotional attachments to lines on maps . 
   `` just lines on a map '' can mean the difference between large numbers of people being in a democracy or being in a country that throws them in gulags . 
  and trying to move those lines through war can mean the difference between large numbers of people being able to live normal lives or being displaced , killed and maimed horribly . 
  you 've just lost any moral justification . 
  actually , you lost it even earlier when you tried to compare a modern european state to the horrors of wwii germany . 
   the ukrainians do not really have a choice . 
  wrong . 
  when russians aggressively took crimea , the ukraine made the choice to maintain moral superiority and refuse to fight back . 
  if you sink to the level of murderous aggressors , they will win anyway , because they 're better than civilised people at murder and aggression . 
  it 's 2017 , we should n't legitimise * anyone * who tries to settle international conflicts with war . 
  war needs to be robbed of all its glory and legitimacy , it 's the only war forward . 
  i think we should n't get involved in a war ever again , and i think people who do are clearly on the wrong side of history . 
  a war is not a legitimate means of settling conflicts . 
  in any circumstance . 
   you mean we should just allow other nations to conquer others , subjugate them and murder them ? 
  it 's not our place to allow or forbid it , we do n't have anything to do with it and should continue to refuse to . 
  just stop being involved in wars in any way , shape or form . 
  zero tolerance . 
   i am not saying we should declare war on russia over this . 
  except in the end , that 's the only way to actually enforce our will if we were to decide to not allow such behaviour . 
  otherwise , you 're just feigning outrage to make yourself feel better . 
   empathy is the most civilized thing there is . 
  saying `` i do n't care '' is pretty dumb empathy as its own reward is just feel-good bullshit for your own sake . 
  you feel like aggression against sovereign states should n't be permitted , but , like most sane people , you are n't willing to commit entire countries to go kill and die for it , because there 's nothing sane about going to war . 
  if refusing to participate in suicidal mass slaughter over lines on a fucking map means we 're `` sheltered '' , i do n't want to live any other way . 
  so what , are you saying we * should * get involved in a war with a regional military power over a line on a map ? 
  how many more people have to die before we give up this delusion that going to war ever solves anything ?
