  is anyone keeping tab of how much the bloody immigration/refugee fuck-up is costing europe ? 
  we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
  why only germany ? 
  how about ` eu plans to accelerate deportation of algerians , moroccans ' ? 
  from a previous post : we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
  i do n't know this particular minister but most european politicians are n't even trying . 
  work to set in place a common-sense immigrant/refugee eu policy . 
  do something , you ~ ~ moron ~ ~ german minister !, 
  one million to start with , many more soon . 
  that 's because it is not my job to chose those countries . 
  i bet the eu is paying ( extremely well ) lots of experts that could do so . 
  if there is a will there is a way . 
  we must agree to a common sense policy and then stick to it ( assign the necessary resources and manpower , draw a road-map ... ) we ca n't , simultaneously , cry welcome , welcome ! , play the blame game , fund external camps in turkey , stop schengen , build fences ... 
  choosing those non-european countries would be a job for the eds ( european deportation service ) . 
   assuming those non-european countries agree to it in the first place . 
   there would be economic compensation ... that would give european countries some control over the camps and there would be some supervision by international organizations . 
  what 's a png ? 
  do you mean where would the external camps be ? 
  i already answered that in this thread . 
  external camps should be located in non european countries . 
  there would be economic compensation and humanitarian aid . 
  the cost would be a fracion of what we are spending now . 
  supporting immigrants/refugees is much cheaper outside europe . 
  many lives would be saved as the dangerous crossing to europe would be stopped . 
  europe ca n't solve all the problems of the world . 
  we should accept only those immigrants/refugees that we can safely integrate in our societies . 
  that means a thorough check of those ( limited numbers ) we let come in ( as canada , australia ... are doing ) . 
  it is an easy choice : we deal rationally with this problem or we commit cultural ( economic , social ... ) suicide . 
  there is an spanish saying : `` se acab\u00f3 el perro , se acab\u00f3 la rabia '' ( no dog , no rabies ), 
  if eu politicians really wanted to solve the issue ( from previous posts ) : the only way to stop the , ever increasing , wave of immigrants/refugees is to move them to external camps with plenty of media coverage . 
  they 'll soon learn that it is not worth the risk , money , etc. . . to come illegally in europe because they 'll always end in an external camp . 
  note : [ australians are doing just that ] ( https://youtu.be/knyx1o6panu ) . 
  we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu ( and associated as norway ) countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
  hopefully with the same results . 
   siege of belgrade ( 1456 )  the siege eventually escalated into a major battle , during which hunyadi led a sudden counterattack that overran the ottoman camp , ultimately compelling the wounded sultan mehmed the conqueror to lift the siege and retreat . 
  from an earlier post : we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu ( and associated as norway ) countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
  nonsense . 
  seems that some [ perkele ] ( https://youtu.be/n2s_gm78sls ) decisions are needed . 
   she made a mistake she made an enormous mistake, 
   there 's nothing you can say action speaks louder than words . 
  from previous posts : the only way to stop the , ever increasing , wave of immigrants/refugees is to move them to external camps with plenty of media coverage . 
  they 'll soon learn that it is not worth the risk , money , etc. . . to come illegally in europe because they 'll always end in an external camp . 
  note : [ australians are doing just that ] ( https://youtu.be/knyx1o6panu ) . 
  we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu ( and associated as norway ) countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
   having a limit is also legally not possible - neither in germany law , or eu-law , nor with international law , in particular the geneva convention . 
  what happens when an irresistible force meets an insurmountable obstacle ? 
  one of ` irresistible ' , ` insurmountable ' has to go . 
  hint : europe ca n't survive an unlimited number of immigrants/refugees . 
  stupid laws will have to be changed - hopefully before the damage is irreversible . 
  i have commented elsewhere that we need an ` european deportation service ' . 
  eu ( and associated as norway ) countries would send rejected immigrants/refugees to the ` eds ' and forget about them . 
  an ` european deportation service ' would have more clout than any individual country to arrange agreements with non eu countries , etc. 
  economic immigrants welcome , welcome !, 
  all welcome !, 
  next year too . 
   or be deported rofl !, 
  you forget technology , automation and robotics . 
  if there is a will there is a way . 
   but what 's done is done stop them coming in or we 'll keep saying ` what 's done is done ' year after year with more and more millions of un-integrated immigrants in europe . 
  religion is such a childish idea that it is n't worth any of my time . 
  well done hungary !, 
  i posted this in another thread : perception of : islam not compatible with the west muslim population spain 65 % 2 % perception of : elephants are not good house pets households keeping elephants as pets spain 100 % 0 %  we have yet to see how the current situation will play out . 
  we have yet to see how an elephant plays out as house pet . 
  it might seem off topic but the documentary explains , among other many things , the origins of the refugee crisis . 
  it is more than two hours long but worth the time . 
  the story is told in an apparently chaotic way but you 'll soon get the hang of it . 
  be patient . 
  laws can be changed . 
  wait until the population starts to feel the effects of the immigrant/refugee fuck up . 
  hope merkel reads this . 
  re : map : notice that there are no terrorist attacks in countries with low/no muslim population . 
  this will make ireland more muslim friendly . 
  jolly good !, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  it is open doors policy . 
  i am fed up with so much ideology bullshit . 
  applications should be processed while the immigrant/refugee is outside the eu . 
  if they had n't let them in in the first place , they would have saved a lot of hassle , time and money . 
  but what can you expect from politicians ? 
  perception of : islam not compatible with the west muslim population % spain 65 % 2 % perception of : elephants are not good house pets households keeping elephants as pets % spain 100 % 0 %, 
  well ... plumber merkel really fucked up !, 
  a plumber fixing a water leak first shuts the main valve off . 
  nip it in the bud . 
  do n't let them in . 
  ` soon ' ? 
  lol !, 
  i wish we had a ` common sense european party ' !, 
  common sense , logic and knowledge . 
  no trace of ideology or political correctness . 
  i wish we had a ` common sense european party ' !,
