  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60a4ff/today_catalan_citizens_against_secession_filled_a/df51ih6/ ), 
  some of them boycotted it yes , but turnout was high enough and the result so one-sided that the existence of an irish-reunification majority was mathematically impossible : the vote had 55 % turnout , of which 98.9 % voted to stay in the uk . 
  98.9 % of 55 = 54.3 so what we know for certain is that 54.5 % of the voting public picked stay with uk , meaning that even if every single last person who did n't vote showed up and voted to join the republic , they would have only reached 45.7 % of the vote . 
  unfortunately all i could find was polling done by the spanish government or from organizations within barcelona itself . 
  i ca n't find any data from an outside group like pew or gallup . 
  does anybody have any idea on how popular support for independence actually is in catalan ? 
  because if it is actually very low then a referendum set up by the spanish government might bury the issue . 
  look at what happened when that was tried in [ northern ireland . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_ireland_border_poll_1973 ) the results really put a damper on the arguments of those pushing for independence . 
  why are so many people downvoting this post ? 
  is it a shoddy poll ? 
  i thought it was common knowledge that most scots from both sides want to wait until the after uk has left the eu . 
   i would have understood your attitude before brexit so your premise is , the uk was all welcome and accepting but then one vote happened and suddenly the country has magically transformed into bigots and racists . 
  sorry , that 's not how it works . 
  you 're going to have to justify your hatred of my country in another way . 
  what 's the point of even showing up under the electoral college system ? 
  around 40 of the states are essentially decided years before the campaigns even get underway . 
  if you 're looking for an appropriate target for outrage blame people who swallow up anti-climate science propaganda without question , the people producing the propaganda , and finally the founding fathers for a crummy electoral system . 
  do n't do the easy/lazy thing and blame some imagined personification of ` america . ', 
  all the welcoming and tolerance we are supposed to be proud of as europeans is apparently thrown out the window in favor of broad generalizations and anger when it comes to discussing america . 
  it 's awful . 
  half the population did n't vote for trump so you 're wrong right out the gate there . 
  19 % of the country voted for donald trump in november , so about 1 in 5 . 
  american oil and gas companies who bribe politicians *, 
  because our country has such a huge media presence and a large part of that media presence is either : a ) blaming immigrants for something or b ) blaming people who blame immigrants for something it gives the impression that we are all intensely hostile to any foreigners but you would get a far warmer welcome here than you would in almost anywhere else in the world . 
  a doctor or nurse may get an odd rude comment from an elderly patient but people are n't being continually harassed by everybody because of their race or nationality - there 's a reason why the uk continues to be one of the most popular choices for those moving abroad . 
  you do n't split a country up because of a political divide , otherwise every country would be constantly splitting up and then each new country would split up too until we all lived in isolated tribes . 
  erdogan in particular is the problem because he is a destabilizing figure who ca n't keep his own country together . 
  turkey could have a figure with similar political views but who is willing to compromise with the opposition and encourage debate and discussion ( like every head of state in functional countries ) so that half of the country do n't feel completely shut out and unrepresented . 
   there is no point to keeping this country together anymore . 
  there 's no point in breaking up a united country that 's been relatively stable since the first world war because of one idiot . 
  hang in there . 
  well that 's not good ... 
  in a couple of years this could be his future if he goes and does something really stupid . 
  imo there 's nothing wrong with having assumptions and expectations so long as you remember to treat people like individuals with individual personalities . 
  there is a reason stereotypes exist but building your understanding of the world on stereotypes gives you a very black-and-white , simplistic view lacking in nuance and closed to new information . 
  explain to me what role the united kingdom has in deciding how the republic of ireland is governed . 
  i still do n't hear an argument . 
  you do n't have one do you ? 
  i asked you to justify yourself , and realizing that you ca n't think of one good reason for the hate you advocate you panicked and made a joke instead . 
  they are a quick way to signal to the government what the politically engaged portion of the public are interested in . 
  i live near a gypsy camp . 
  i went to school with some of them . 
  i ca n't get much closer . 
  let 's hear your argument for why i should hate them all . 
   so the uk would be okay with uncontrolled immigration as long as all the people enter the uk via ireland ? 
  if there was an influx of people crossing over to ireland and then entering the uk from that boarder , than you would probably see some people calling to close the boarder there . 
  but this issue is nothing to do with what the british people want , this is between the irish , who want an open boarder , and the eu who have regulations against that . 
  i 'm not sure why people keep bringing up britain when we have absolutely no control over ireland 's boarder policy ... 
  let 's hear that justification then . 
  exactly what the turkish leadership is aiming for . 
  this does n't concern the uk , we have no say in what the irish do with their boarder . 
  this is between ireland and the eu . 
  so i did n't vote leave , but this is an actual example of eu restrictions getting in the way . 
  the republic of ireland does n't want to put up checkpoints on their boarder with the uk . 
  the uk does n't want to put up checkpoints on their boarder with ireland . 
  the issue * should * end there , but because of eu regulations ireland might be forced into setting up checkpoints anyway . 
  i guess that explains russia 's massive military spending . 
  good ol' belarus , we can always count on them for ` no data ' in these maps . 
  while nicola sturgeon is the unionists ' greatest recruiter . 
  she and the snp have a good chance at winning this , but their push for an immediate vote over waiting could kill any hope of independence forever . 
  why do n't they wait until after the uk leaves the eu the negative effects on scotland become clear ( and support for independence rises ) instead of blowing their last chance when they 're still a minority ? 
  so if i 'm reading this right , the most likely outcome right now is macron winning in the second round ? 
  sounds good to me , 
  and for some reason people itt seem to think that because the uk election system is bad , nobody from the uk is allowed to criticize the dutch system . 
  kind of like ` i 'd like to see you do better ' logic . 
  disclaimer : personally i love the dutch system . 
  i ca n't imagine there being an eu if france left too . 
  then the us must be hillary because i 'd pick them over russia every time . 
  the right has no shame . 
  see a person in need and offer a helping hand you selfish prick . 
  see , i can make nonsense blanket statements too !, 
  brexit was n't really a left/right issue . 
  and actually the right wing populist actually did better in austria than in america - trump = 46.1 % , hofer = 46.2 % . 
  but he failed because you have a better election system than the us . 
   going by birthrates it was just a matter of time before catholics overtook protestants as the majority . 
  it 's also just a matter of time before both catholicism and protestantism shrink to almost nothing in the whole of the british isles ... 
  do n't be so sure . 
  [ the french dislike the eu even more than the uk does . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/pm_2016-06-07_brexit-01/ ), 
  some people reject the label ` human . ', 
  the point is that if you say a person from ni is northern irish then you are much less likely to offend than if you call them ` british ' or ` irish . ', 
  ` northern irish ' is accurate in every case though . 
  out of respect for the irish inhabitants of this archipelago i 've decided not to use ` british isles ' any more . 
  from now on i 'll be referring to it as ` her majesty 's royal imperial empire of the great united kingdom isles . ', 
  they are n't but if you want to argue in favor of something you should n't use ` but it 's a tradition ' as a reason ( which some people do ) . 
  i ca n't believe somebody downvoted you for this comment . 
  do some people honestly put the usa on the same level as ` put all the gays in concentration camps while we look the other way ' russia . 
  i 'll bet it 's something along the lines of ` should society allow homosexuality . ', 
  but ` allow ' could mean anything from disallowing expression of same sex attraction in public to disallowing homosexual acts full stop . 
  i meant the passage of the bill through government . 
  that happened so quickly . 
  i mean obviously it was a long time coming but it 's been like 2 days since ` gay marriage might be a thing in germany ' hit the news and now suddenly it 's all over and settled . 
  german efficiency . 
  while i 'm not usually enthusiastic about expensive military commissions , i am happy for some of my taxes to go towards pissing off putin . 
   colonial britain has never offered anything to any of its colonies wtf ... how do you think south africa , canada , australia etc. 
  are independent ? 
  do you think they fought a war ... ? 
  the ignorance of very recent history ... it hurts to read . 
  better to have crazies out in the street than crazies in parliament .
