tax driver lobbies attempting to shut down competition all over the world , lol . 
  i 'd love to see the shocked look on their ludd faces when the companies employing them fire them all and replace them with robots . 
  yeh this is basically the worldwide standard for what counts as europe . 
  the one part people never seem to agree on is if cyprus is part of europe or asia though . 
  is what i said incorrect ? 
   most hated government ... 
  in europe . 
  russia , turkey , serbia , belarus , vatican city ... do you want to quantify your statement a bit further ? 
  are people seriously downvoting you for stating a fact ? 
  wtf people . 
  attitudes like this is why people all over the world flock to our continent while everybody looks at yours with pity and disgust . 
  i can only hope you join us in in the 21st century one day . 
  always these socially conservative laws in ireland surprise me , because i know for a fact that irish people are among the most secular in the world . 
  has there been some kind of concerted effort by politicians to keep the church relevant in the face of changing public attitude ? 
  that 's what i 've always thought yeh . 
  but specifically , how did the formation of the eu change war in europe - and why have countries like japan and south africa ( places that have also had a violent history for hundreds of years ) become peaceful if they did n't have an eu to join ? 
   ooh let me guess , let me guess !, 
  you 've fallen at the first hurdle here , by trying to guess what / u/tgfrcdesxz believes instead of asking him/her . 
  in future you should try to avoid making arguments against what you * think * other people think . 
  instead , you should base your argument on what the other person said . 
  then you are making the case that without the formation of the eu - france , germany , italy , the uk and other western european powers would be still be fighting each other now . 
  what leads you to believe this ? 
  and plenty of those wealthy ` peaceful ' eu countries have continued to wage war almost continually since world war 2 ... 
  this is my favorite thing i 've seen from / r/place, 
  he * did * cut off the eu 's hand . 
  the hand being 10 % of the eu 's budget . 
  both sides lost a hand over this debacle . 
  what is ` one of them ' ? 
  thank you for assuming how i voted despite me never stating any of my political views . 
  carry on basing your interactions with people on your assumptions of them , i 'm sure it will work out very well for you . 
  also :  countries of that bloc view that as a hostile act . 
   at the end of the day no one really care that much which is it ? 
  are you people indifferent to the issue or hostile about it ? 
  they ca n't be both . 
  hahaha if the feeling was mutual then why are the polls like [ this ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ ) where just 16 % of eu citizens think brexit will be good for the eu !, 
  this sub is not taking this well at all . 
  you do n't want to stoop to ben garrison 's level . 
  the shit being posted here is the kind of thing a bitter boyfriend or girlfriend posts on facebook after they have been broken up with . 
  to make this more accurate the uk carriage should have 10 % of the train 's coal on it , and the eu train should have several carriages representing economically-suffering countries with broken windows , missing wheels etc. 
   it is then easy to see how a state with a strong well-fare system , such as you find in scandinavia , facilitate an association with socialism , which is not completely wrong . 
  the only reason we associate welfare with socialism is because egalitarian government policy is collectivist and as a result , associated with communal , collectivist ideologies even though almost every country in history has/had a welfare system . 
  as for whether or not a country is socialist : are the means of production privately owned ? 
  if no - it 's socialist . 
  if yes - it is n't . 
  thank you for reiterating the point i made in my comment . 
  that 's also true but i imagine it was more the principle of the policy that motivated them , not the overall cost/gain of membership . 
  not for the people who voted because they do n't want their taxes spent on poor eu countries . 
  but people who want to stop immigration wo n't get their wish , correct . 
  mods of reddit take note . 
  here is an example of how to do the job correctly . 
  next time somebody asks me what the last thing england ever gave the world i 'll answer : ` iceland 's generation z. 
  our sporting incompetence made them . ', 
  lots of leavers voted leave mistakenly thinking that leaving the eu would result in a more closed-boarder policy , or at least an immigration crackdown . 
  neither of those things are going to happen because neither of the biggest parties want to cut down on immigration and nothing in article 50 forbids movement between eu and non-eu countries . 
  finally some sanity . 
  i once saw a poster on this sub compare the uk economy to ' a heroin addict having a seizure on the side of the road . ', 
  i mean i did n't even vote leave but the brexit melodrama here is absurd ... 
  yeh i 'm totally going to lose my food and water and nhs once article 50 is triggered -_-, 
  fyi , the uk is one of the most popular destinations for immigrants all over the world regardless of eu membership . 
  the main thing we are going to lose out on is single market access - but some leave voters will tell you that they do n't mind so long as money is n't flowing from their wallets to the wallets of people in another country . 
  without doing any google-fu ... * the flag is half red , half white with a cross in the corner * it is located in the part of the mediterranean north of libya and south of italy * in 2011 they had a referendum that legalized divorce . 
  * it belonged to the french before it was part of the british empire that 's it : /, 
   i mean i get why people mix it up because young men and women in places like the uk and us who have lived under a somewhat less forgiving form of capitalism their whole lives and have experienced long bouts of unemployment , minimal wages and crippling debt look at socialism as the ` opposite ' of capitalism and think , ` hey , if it 's opposite to capitalism then it must be the opposite of all the pain and misery i 've experienced !, 
  let 's seize the means of production and all our problems will be solved ! ', 
  the scandinavian countries ( and other nordic countries in general ) are so * not * socialist it 's not even funny . 
  a market more free than 99 % of the world and widespread private ownership of businesses , freedom to own property , a minimal number of state-owned businesses , no federal minimum wage ... they do n't even have a single worker cooperative between them . 
  just about the only things they have in common with socialist states is universal healthcare and welfare spending . 
  i am so sick of hearing overdramatic shit like this ^ there are people being blown up and starving to death in other countries right now . 
  life for you and me has not changed at all since the referendum . 
  get some perspective . 
  edit : i put that rather rudely . 
  sorry about that . 
  but i stand by my overall point . 
  we 're the third richest country in europe but only the 19th happiest . 
  if that 's not evidence of a poor allocation of funds then i do n't know what is : /, 
  the one number that really stands out as unusual to me is ireland at 70 % . 
  how could they have voted to legalize same sex marriage by such a large margin ? 
   still , it 's true that the unionist majority has been steadily eroded by demographic shifts . 
  i believe this is correct , yes . 
  i am struggling to get my head around the fact that people in this thread are completely ignoring what the people living in these countries want . 
  northern ireland does as northern ireland wants . 
  not what the republic wants . 
  not what the union wants . 
  what they want . 
  why is that controversial ? 
   finally crumbled last week . 
  source ? 
  of course , but * now * there are two . 
  and every constituent country has the right to self-determination . 
   to be fair why not ask why was the will of the irish people to decide the fate of their own country not respected in 1918 . 
  because that 's an imperialist action . 
  to have the republic of ireland come into a smaller country and say ` you belong to us now . 
  follow our laws , pay your taxes to our government , obey our authority . ', 
  to the northern irish would be the exact thing the united kingdom did hundreds of years ago . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  well should n't the will of the people in northern ireland decide the fate of their own country ? 
  in [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/60a4ff/today_catalan_citizens_against_secession_filled_a/df51ih6/ ) i explain how the referendum mathematically confirms a pro-uk majority . 
  at least at that time . 
  i did not know that but that is very interesting !, 
  the result proved that independence from the uk was minority opinion though , as i explained in [ this comment .
