  if that was true then we would n't have gay marriage because just gay people would n't be enough support for it to be law . 
  governments only started listening when it became the majority position and that includes lots of straight people . 
  ours still have northern ireland to cling to , and since the conservative party ca n't afford to piss off the very socially conservative dup things will probably stay that way at least until 2022 : /, 
  i still feel like we were too slow . 
  the labour party had another 6 years after the civil partnerships act to push through actual gay marriage , they could have passed it easily . 
  better late than never i guess . 
  0.4 % of their gdp is $ 231 million . 
  enough to buy 37 tanks . 
  or one and a half euro fighters . 
  or one-twentieth of an aircraft carrier . 
   they 're not known for their rebellious prowess with fire . 
  hmm ... [ i beg to differ :p ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burning_of_washington#white_house ), 
   isis ' entire agenda , their long term strategy , is to create a cataclysmic divide between ethnic europeans and muslims preach it !, 
  the whole point of these attacks is to stir things up . 
   they have had countless anti terrorist operations in the last months alone this is why it does n't sit right with me when people claim ` nobody is doing anything to stop this ! ', 
  there are people working tirelessly all over the country to prevent and contain terrorism . 
  think how much worse it would be without those people protecting us . 
  people like this women have actually always been in parliament ( they used to have free-reign of the conservatives until david cameron dragged the party into the 21st century ) . 
  we 're not now suddenly crazy . 
  we 've always been full of crazy . 
  i do n't care what everyone else thinks , in my ideal society people could wear what they like without the nanny state giving the population a list of approved clothing and dictating what they can or can not wear . 
  my dad is one of them ... 
  possible , but countries like the uk , sweden and denmark are also relatively full of immigrants but maintain high public support for gay marriage . 
  album full of breathtaking landscapes , mountains and valleys showcasing the natural beauty of european nations ... but england 's is a shot of the sky , because nobody wants to see a photo of a dreary overcast countryside . 
  sounds about right  that aside , montenegro wins this album . 
  all of reddit i think , i recognize some of these from other subs . 
  because some issues are more pressing . 
  gay marriage , for example . 
  99 % of political cartoons are already terrible , and for some reason this sub always manages to acquire the most obnoxious and condescending ones . 
  and yet somehow gay marriage is only legal in the northern and western eu member states . 
  get your act together , rest of eu . 
  from 1945-1990 . 
  why is it still like this now ? 
  when i saw the headline i thought ` oh the afghan government must be calling for help . ', 
  nope . 
  it 's fucking nato ... why ? 
  we do n't have any obligation to piss away money in afghanistan anymore ( and neither does the rest of europe ) . 
  i do n't see how the conservatives could possibly agree to this while claiming that they want to reduce the deficit . 
  i 'd put money on infant circumcision being outlawed here before 2030 ( provided this thing really takes off in norway ) . 
  we 're never the last to adopt a progressive stance . 
  where is ` here ? ', 
  cultural sensitivity should n't get in the way of people 's bodily autonomy imo . 
  if norway bans it then i bet the rest of the continent will eventually follow . 
  i feel like this is something people can get behind regardless of their political preferences . 
  hence why ukip has tried to pivot to new issues . 
  unsuccessfully . 
  thought as much . 
  i know right ? 
  all the leave voters i know constantly banged on about eu expenses and did n't even mention immigrants , but this sub would have you believe that every leave voter is a goose-stepping member of the fash . 
   but i do n't do n't have the audacity to think i speak for all of europe . 
  our political opinions probably differ , but i like that attitude of admitting you do n't speak for everyone . 
  i 'm sorry the candidate you wanted lost . 
  it 's all over the place , but it can be effectively summed up as ` beware the muslims !!! ', 
  and judging by recent polls , whining about the muslims is n't anywhere near as popular as leaving the eu was . 
  it was a good strategy . 
  as we saw in november , it is n't enough to say ` i 'm not the crazy candidate . ', 
  to win you have to make people excited to elect you . 
  remember when that far right basement dweller [ shot up a mosque after the us election ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quebec_city_mosque_shooting ), 
  what racist things have the tories done ? 
  if that 's what you think then you have no idea what the current ukip platform is . 
  i feel like being skeptical of the person you voted for is a good attitude to have . 
  better than people who blind support their candidate . 
  there is no chance isis will still hold territory in 2022 . 
  they have almost been forced entirely out of iraq . 
  you can add ukip to that pile . 
  they lost all their councillors ( except 1 ) the other day and are n't projected to win a single seat in parliament in june . 
  nothing in that quote says that the poster was commissioned by the conservative party . 
  we have the benefit of greater political consensus ( as in the two major parties agree on a lot of major issues ) that the americans do n't have . 
  so when the party you do n't like wins in america it could be the end of the world for you but here it 's just moderate disappointment . 
  no , people just say that because it 's too depressing to admit that there are so many grown adults in the world who behave like children . 
  i would have thought that 's obvious to everybody . 
  well they lost the election . 
  bare in mind that this was n't official tory campaign material , as far as i know there was no anti-people of colour rhetoric in the conservative campaign . 
  if you like them then you make an exception : ` hillary clinton is in bed with goldman sachs !!!!, 
  what 's that , steve bannon was a goldman sachs banker ? 
  so what ... ? ', 
  you are suggesting that the president of the european commission should stoop down to the level of some shitty tabloids ? 
  why is it expected to be lower this time ? 
   not really , those ` bernouts ' mostly stayed at home and did n't vote at all . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  a big chunk of younger democrats stayed home , and as a result trump 's share of young voters was bigger than usual , not because he attracted young people but because so many were n't there at all . 
  to be fair , trump got a greater share of the young vote than most republicans do . 
  but that might be down to young democrats ( who wanted bernie ) simply not showing up for hillary . 
  it will happen after sometime after negotiations with the eu are over . 
   is this not find for the better ? 
  not for people like paul nuttall and the rest of the ukip leadership . 
  imagine being a member of ukip running for mp , they are n't having a great time right now . 
  they would do anything to get those seats but they probably wo n't get them because they failed to market themselves effectively , unlike nigel farage in 2015 . 
  the person above me is going to be happy if le pen does n't win and i pointed out that either way she 'll still have the support of millions of french people . 
  i feel like all the people saying ` ukip won ' are referring to ukip voters pushing for independence and not ukip politicians . 
  the politicians themselves have lost their seats , maybe forever . 
  they should have quickly pivoted to a new major issue after the referendum if they wanted to stay relevant , but they were too slow on the draw and now it 's too late . 
  at the end of the day , millions of people will have voted for le pen even though she 'll probably lose . 
  that 's not good . 
  silly title aside , the chap posing with her must be dressed like that as some kind of joke or statement ... right ? 
  * right ? 
  * does anybody willingly show themselves in public dressed like that tired stereotype anymore ? 
  the islamic establishment in chechnya are persecuting gays because they hate them and the eastern orthodox establishment in moscow are letting them because they hate gays too . 
  you absolutely had me for a moment there ...
