  you 've got to be joking . 
  the conservatives hold every single seat in cornwall * and * every constituency there voted leave . 
  they are one of the most westminster-aligned parts of the country right now . 
  has access to everyone 's emails *, 
   the fact that the uk economy has n't imploded also seems to baffle people , but again , it really should n't , i do n't blame people for thinking that , because inevitably news outlets will sensationalize every little thing , so somebody could see several recent trends in the economy , each reported on as evidence of some impending disaster in order to get clicks/sell papers . 
  literally have not noticed a single difference yet except now people have one more thing to argue about . 
  theresa may will win unless one of the champions finds her off switch . 
  it 's about wearing what you like and nobody forcing you . 
  too close . 
  non-le pen supporters in france what are you doing ? 
  get your asses in gear !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a presidential candidate backpeddle so furiously as le pen is now . 
  i bet most of the people in favor of this do n't realize how much automation has already happened and thus how much extra tax existing companies will have to pay as soon as such a law was passed . 
  too l8 now m8 !, 
  in broad terms yes , every pm since thatcher has been previously approved by rupert murdoch . 
  except gordon brown ( the least terrible pm in my lifetime imo ) . 
   believe it or not there are africans who think like le pen and trump . 
  this may not be popular to hear but the protectionist/isolationist/nationalist attitudes held by trump , le pen and their supporters are basically the norm in africa and the middle east . 
  europe and north america are generally waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay more accepting of outside cultures , religions and other ethnic groups . 
  it 's part of the reason why so many people move to europe and north america , they know that they wo n't be subjected to anywhere near as much racism than if they moved to a country in africa or asia . 
  i was never arguing with you . 
  your first comment sort of sounded like you were arguing with yourself so i was trying to pin down what your thoughts were . 
  i 'm glad i could help . 
  so just to make sure , you actually are bitter ? 
   it 's not sadness and it 's not bitterness . 
   i 'll be honest , the day after the brexit vote i felt sad . 
   do brits not understand that ? 
   and your government 's reckless behavior with northern ireland does n't help either  you 'd be pissed off too . 
   do n't mistake our resentment  good riddance to everyone who wants to leave . 
   it 's not sadness and it 's not bitterness . 
   it 's no use to play by one set of rules against an opponent playing by another set . 
  that sounds exactly like what i asked before . 
  stooping to the level of places like saudi arabia . 
  i live in a free country and will do everything to make sure it remains free . 
  i did n't even know that there was a venetian independence movement until this moment . 
   as far as the burqa goes , try wearing a huge body size crucifix in saudi , they 'll nail you to it . 
  are you suggesting that our freedom of expression laws should be as awful as saudi arabia 's ? 
  personally i think we can ( and do ) better than that . 
   the next scapegoat will be non-white immigrants and their descendants . 
  we already have a party that fills that niche : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_national_party, 
  they might have even gotten several seats in the next general election ... 
   `` yeah fossil fuel pollutes the air , but wind turbines pollute our horizon , so what 's the difference really ? '', 
  we 're fucking doomed . 
  the english civil war happened over a century before the terms ` left ' and ` right ' were invented , so i do n't consider it to be left/right . 
  in the end it was just authoritarian vs authoritarian . 
  2nd rule of independence : the group who the independent party are becoming independent from will * always * be against independence . 
  1st rule of independence : everybody everywhere is inexplicably enthusiastic for somebody else 's independence . 
  maybe people kept voting labour for 80 + years despite the neglect because they knew that literally none of the other parties gave a shit about them either . 
  is n't it more likely that labour 's loss of support in wales is the same consistent loss of support they have throughout england and scotland too ? 
  what did the labour party do to take wales for granted and what are the conservatives offering to wales that labour are n't ? 
  if by ` blair-like ' they mean social policies , then he 'll be great . 
  if they mean his foreign policy is like blair 's then he 'll be shit . 
  this is by far the best one of these so far . 
  fair enough . 
  ukip benefited from the fact that they took votes from the most popular party . 
  obviously now the referendum has happened they are basically moot . 
  expect to see the fn stick around for a while unfortunately , especially due to their young supporters . 
   they are similar but i think they are weaker . 
  haha what !? 
  fn have more than twice the votes ukip ever got . 
  right now fn are the second most popular party in france and ukip are set to finish fourth in june behind the lib dems . 
  it 's not even close , fn have a far bigger base in france than ukip ever did in the uk . 
  i do n't think ` ignorant ' and ` easily manipulated ' were questions in the exit polls , so we have no data on that . 
  yeh , i know . 
  i apologized further down . 
  sorry again . 
  whoops , sorry / u/moral _ thermometer, 
  if you ever have a son and ask a doctor to circumcise him , you should lead with ' i want to get him circumcised so women will sleep with him . ', 
  see how well that works out . 
  and what in that link shows that poor people were more likely to vote for trump ? 
   how the fuck did this insane tradition even start ? 
  with a pedophile , sadistic leader who decided cutting & sucking was god 's will ? 
  ever since i heard about the sucking the blood off practice that has been my thought for almost every obscure law in the bible , the quran and other religious texts . 
  ` this is probably written here because it benefited some old , well-respected patriarch claiming that it was god 's will . ', 
  well it did n't happen in the united states ( assuming you mean poor going for trump ) :  those with incomes under $ 30,000 ( 53 % ) and from $ 30,000 to $ 49,999 ( 51 % ) preferred clinton to trump . 
  there would be more of a point if we did n't have a first past the post system . 
  still people should vote but ... inevitably the majority of votes are n't represented in the final result under our system sadly . 
  putin has been riding off the high of initially improving the russian economy upon rising to power ( similar to erdo\u011fan ) as well as deliberately manipulating the information russians receive . 
  it will take a while for all that work put into improving the economy to be undone , but the sanctions will absolutely do that provided they are n't lifted . 
  everything after that is out of our hands , russians will eventually have to choose between financial stability or aggressive foreign policy . 
  not many votes yet , but i think the main way the current subreddit results differ from the entire european electorate , is that in ` real life ' more people are center , center-left and center right . 
  and very , * very * few people are far-right , and even * less * far-left . 
  i liked it  it 's basically impossible to summarize the political spectrum like this but i think you did as good a job as any . 
  i personally , would feel better about the house of commons if it was filled with people who i could identify with . 
  i think that people who have come from a working class or middle class background would have a better idea of the challenges facing the working and middle class . 
  that is n't to say people from ` posh ' backgrounds * ca n't * govern , i would just like to see more ` commoners ' who later became involved in politics occupying seats . 
  then we have different ideas on what makes a good mp . 
  i want my representatives to represent . 
  what you are asking sounds unrealistic , given that there are n't enough cabinet or shadow cabinet positions for every mp to be part of one , so if that 's important to you when voting for somebody , you are setting yourself up to be disappointed 99 % of the time . 
  what point are you trying to make here ? 
  you replied to my comment claiming that dennis skinner ` is n't doing anything . ', 
  i pointed out that he 's done exactly what is in his job description . 
  you have yet to either refute or agree to that . 
  do you have anything new to contribute to the discussion ? 
  again , you 're not grasping what the job description of an mp is , even though i just told . 
  they are obviously happy about the job he 's doing so far , considering that he 's won every election there with at least 50-70 % of the vote . 
  that sounds like customer satisfaction to me . 
  it 's to represent the interests of your constituents . 
  i thought everybody ( or almost everybody ) knew this . 
  if you think that mps are required to author bills or be a member of the cabinet then you should probably look into how our government works before you vote in june .
