  i would be okey with germany too i guess . 
  i feel like we have extremely different mentalities . 
  it would not be a happy marriage . 
  we are better as somewhat friendly separate nations . 
  that makes sense , thank you for these insight . 
  you totally convinced me to vote le pen . 
  thanks for opening my eyes . 
  sure but it wo n't take as much steam if no traditional media picks it up . 
  also this kind of rumour mongering can not be stopped by any amount of reason . 
  the only thing that can be done is not propagating them . 
  haha and that 's not your case , right ? 
  if we are going for ridiculous associations then i definitly prefer merkel ruling my country to putin ruling my country , yes . 
  `` i would not like walking the kilometers of dick she had . '', 
  another proof that fn is not worthy of ruling my country . 
  i do n't like him but i am so voting for macron tomorrow . 
  except social medias only go so far . 
  stories generally pick up steam when the regular medias pick it up . 
  it 's totally okey to not do it though . 
  my gf hates it and all her colleagues know that she prefers handshake and respect that . 
  i 'll tell you on monday . 
  if she loses with a mediocre score i expect her to be crucified by her party . 
  she is already far from making unanimity right now and a lot of fn voters are already pissed off about her piss poor performance during the debate . 
  macron recently said in a speech that he was worried about the fact he saw fn voters everywhere in the country and on social medias etc. . . marine tried to poke fun at that during the debate by turning it into an ominous thing and parroting macron 's words to ridiculize him . 
  she ended up being ridicule herself but that marine for you . 
  luxembourg , the goal would be to get our tax money back . 
  depends on the level of education . 
  the lower you go , the less liked germany is . 
  but as a whole i would say germany is pretty well liked . 
  the problem are populists like le pen like to paint eu as an organization controlled by germany to exploit its trade partners . 
  if you are well-educated and informed you just ignore it because you know it 's bullshit but if you are a less educated person with one of those industrial jobs that may relocate to a country with a looser labour code at any time you may be tempted to believe anything . 
  there are many post that could be called that on reddit , do you comment on all of them or do you generally just ignore them ? 
  it 's mainly that there are rednecks pretty much everywhere . 
  they differ in style or slang but in the end they are all rednecks . 
  yes , c\u00e9dille is used to turn a hard `` c '' that you would pronunce `` k '' and make it a soft one pronunced `` ss '' for those who do n't know . 
  alcohol is an acquired taste , few people enjoy it the first time . 
  good on you for not drinking though . 
  religion and school is just a big no-no in france , call this cultural if you need . 
  school in france is thought as a place where students are allowed to be free from religion . 
  france is kind of extreme when it comes to secularism in general but when it comes to school you can think of france as a berzerking mother wolf . 
  there are historical reasons for that but it is just very deeply set in our culture . 
  that would be absolutly illegal . 
  religion has absolutly no place in school . 
  any head of a school allowing that to happen would be crucified . 
  some of them are really good though . 
  the netherlands legalized weed , nothing stops people from buying it there and taking it to a country that did not . 
  should eu rule that the netherlands have no right to legalize weeds to avoid that ? 
  doing that is already illegal . 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  it antagonizes some countries needlessly and i do n't think eu should be the one deciding gun laws . 
  got a friend who lived for years in south america . 
  less than an hour and a half delay is not worth texting anyone . 
  even according to french standards it 's crazy . 
  why are children driving tanks ? 
  this is quite confusing . 
  you may be overstating a bit . 
  she said she would make a referendum before exiting eu . 
  it is not sure at all that she would win it . 
  if she wins her referendum though the consequences may be bad yeah . 
  sure , i was not excluding the fact that some country do not invest as much in public cleaning or sometimes invest in an inefficient way . 
  i was just saying that , in absolute , if you are a country in southern europe ( not belgium then ) it is generally more costly to keep the streets at the same level of cleanliness . 
  katjusha in russian . 
  i have basic notions of russian from studying it a bit in university but i am nowhere near conversational . 
  i still remember the first verse of kajusha by heart though but i only remember vaguely what it means . 
  something we could do that could be pretty cool : social askeurope . 
  i think we are starting to have a nice community and i often think `` hey how cool would it be to have a pint with this guy ? '' . 
  my idea would be that we make some kind of permanent topic ( maybe put it in sidebar ? ), 
  where people who want to put their city and country ( nothing else ) . 
  this way if one of us is going to travel somewhere in europe , he or she can look up the permanent topic to see if there is someone there , contact them through reddit and have a drink or show them the city . 
  yes , we absolutly do !, 
  yeah i understand it now but it 's always hard to tell on internet . 
  i pretty much never downvote anyone . 
   french : met very few as their non speak english ways keeps them all in their own sphere of language . 
  french servers and the like . 
  have met 3 i think that spoke english . 
  i have probably met more but they wrote english so you ca n't tell . 
  super rare to meet . 
  yeah that 's a point that probably gets overlooked . 
  i play a lot of games with other europeans but unless i tell you you would probably never know where i am from . 
  that 's the problem for most people in this topic : the people you know to be from a certain country for sure are generally the ones that do n't speak english and those tend to be the ignorant , young and / or uneducated . 
  you did though so no need to downvote . 
  that 's what discussions are about . 
  it 's harder to keep streets clean under drier climates . 
  where it rains frequently the streets kind of keep themselves clean , you just need a few crews to pick up what remains and you are good . 
  in the south where it does not rain a lot it 's not as easy and keeping the streets clean is much much more work . 
  haha . 
  this is a clich\u00e9 though . 
  my family is from corsica and no one really hates the continentals . 
  they hate idiots who come to corsica and behave like jerks because they think they own the place . 
  you can go to corsica and be extremely well received . 
  start littering or trespassing on private property though and see what happens . 
  some people may see them as unfriendly because they do n't bow down and kiss the ass of tourists just because they bring money like you can see elsewhere and will tell you openly if you are being a jerk but if you are nice and respectful they can be very welcoming and nice . 
  hahaha . 
  i actually laughed out loud . 
  * le front r\u00e9publicain ( `` the republican front '' ) : it is an annoying catchphrase you hear a lot whenever the fn gets to second round of the election . 
  it is basically a call for people of all `` republican '' parties ( aka non fascist parties ) , regardless of political colour , to unite behind the candidate facing le pen , whoever it is , in second round to bar the fn from ever getting to power . 
  * various references to gaullism : pretty much everyone and their mother claims to be the rightful ideological descendant of de gaulle . 
  what does it mean ? 
  no one really knows anymore but that sure sounds good in speeches . 
  * le vote utile ( `` the useful vote '' ) : another annoying catchphrase . 
  it basically means that you should flock to the biggest party closest to your values instead of voting for small candidates that stand little chance of getting to second round .
