  i hope i am one of those two, 
  does not exist . 
  the most vocal against the us are far right parties which generally advocate more independance from the us i never met anyone that suggested anything violent or even severing of ties with the us . 
  as to american people being savages or subhumans i never heard anyone saying that either . 
  there are stereotypes but they are generally more told as jokes and do not really affect the way actually see american people on a daily basis . 
  you are not horrified by that number until you or a person you love is among the 4 %, 
  metro ? 
  the game itself definitly looks cool though and without this i would buy it . 
  i do n't play bf1 myself , i boycott the game since they decided french contribution to ww1 was not important enough to be included . 
  it is mostly a cultural thing in a lot of countries . 
  most people are attached to their culture and identity but some are maybe a bit too attached and see immigration as a threat , especially when migrants in question start asking for their host country to adapt to them . 
  people who dislike other colours do exist but they are very rare . 
  most of our intolerant people are against muslims or gay people or the jews or whatnot but rarely ever talk about skin colour , i do n't say they do not care about colour but ultimately it is far less important as culture or identity to them and you can even meet black or brown people in some of these movements . 
  it is not common but it definitly happens . 
  he is a `` fox-terrier \u00e0 poil ras '' . 
  google tells me it is called `` smooth fox terrier '' in english . 
  it 's an english breed that was bred to force foxes out of their earth during hunts . 
  they are small and agile , run super fast and they instinctively chase after small preys like mice or cats . 
  i am not well versed either but i made some research when we got it . 
  i come from [ amiens ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xot9ycp.jpg ) , known for its gorgeous cathedral and retarded accent . 
  those who play bf1 may also recognize the name as [ one of the maps you can play in ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1ru5epi.jpg ) . 
  not really a big faux pas but they will just wonder if you lost someone close or something . 
  we put him in there for laughs . 
  he was not against it as long as it was in a controlled way . 
  he was for total assimilation and he thought total assimilation could only happen if people came in a small number at a time . 
  critical thinking lessons and in general more lessons aiming at preparing you to be a citizen . 
  i do not say they should tell you what you believe but a lesson analyzing the communication tactics of various candidates , how to read a programme , critical analysis of the medias , this kind of things . 
  i still remember some things in mathematics which are way more advanced than what i need for my everyday life but not much that i can use practically . 
  know what , i actually never thought of it this way but yeah a lot of people do seem to see him as a french hindenburg of sorts when it comes to his actions during ww2 . 
  he was made a hero because heroes are good for morale and they needed a general that was `` soft '' on the men after the cold hearted nivelle who just threw bodies at the germans until he succeded , causing the mass mutinies of 1917 . 
  but generals who served with him already reproached him his great pessimism , clemenceau ( another french legend ) went as far saying that his pessimism was `` intolerable '' . 
  the same generals ( among them clemenceau ) thought the nickname `` vainquisher of verdun '' that was attributed to him would have been more deserved by nivelle and mangin who , despite their reputation of butchers , got the job done and actually believed in victory . 
  concerning ww2 a lot of french people i know seem to believe to be that he was an old general who did not have much of a political mind and got sucked into something that was way bigger than him while trying to salvage a fubar situation and which ended in collaboration with the nazis . 
  i personally think it is going a bit easy on him . 
  while i am sure he was partly manipulated by his political entourage who used him for his aura i am pretty sure he knew perfectly what he was doing and exploited the situation to further his own agenda . 
  it is pretty clear that he was not openly antisemitic ( he spoke out for the jewish community on a couple of occasions before his rise to power ) which means he sold out the jews to germany out of simple pragmatism which is arguably even worse ( to me it is anyway ) . 
  oh my bonaparte !, 
  my girlfriend has to see this pic !, 
  yeah but it has way too much energy !, 
  this thing is impossible to tire . 
  [ there you go , mate . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xhwuvpy.jpg ) his name is cookie and he is a bit cray cray but really funny and mostly nice . 
  not on foreign policy anyway . 
  sarkozy is a hardcore atlantist and is very much pro-eu . 
  de gaulle was for friendship and alliance with the us but advocated for a great independance towards them because he feared france would end up a subordinate of the us if he did not keep a healthy distance . 
  the perfect example is that de gaulle made france leave nato integrated command and sarkozy made france join it again . 
  de gaulle was soverainist and anti-imperialist ( our little adventure in lybia would probably have been heavily frowned upon by him ) . 
  de gaulle also refused both straight capitalism and socialism and was in favor of a third way that reconcilied welfare state and entrepreneurship . 
  nowadays a lot of people claim themselves to be descendants of gaullism but there is a difference between talking the talk and walking the walk . 
  nicolas dupont aignan on the center right and jean pierre chev\u00e8nement on the left would probably be the most similar to de gaulle but only gather a small pourcentage of the electorate despite raising interesting questions ( in my opinion ) . 
  apart from le pen who has already been cited , i would say sarkozy . 
  he has few followers remaining but god are they devoted heart and soul . 
  as he / she pointed out there is a huge difference between our two systems . 
  we have two rounds . 
  if le pen gets to second round everyone from any party will just go and vote for the other guy to bar le pen from power . 
  happened in the past and chirac got elected with 82 % of the votes on the second round despite being fairly unpopular at the time . 
  it 's basically as if after his victory trump had to win a second time a couple of weeks after to be elected . 
  he would have stood no chance as every non trump voter would have rallied behind the other candidate . 
  what happened with brexit and trump is that the electorate were basically taken by surprise , they thought there was no chance in hell brexit and trump would win and got complacent . 
  surprises just do n't happen in france because of our two round system . 
  if you grow complacent and go all `` le pen wo n't win , i will just stay home with my family instead of queueing in the cold to vote '' , then you get a good kick in the ass and see le pen in second round and go all `` wtf let 's go elect the other guy '' . 
  sure . 
  it works basically like what other people already said . 
  following the repeated terrorist attacks , hollande reformed the national guard that had been dissolved in 1871 and it basically regroups the reservists of the army , police and gendarmerie under a common banner . 
  the goal being to supplement the usual forces fighting terrorism on our soil . 
  touche pas \u00e0 mon poste , used to be mildly interesting , is now utter trash . 
  that we still try and fight for our workers ' rights . 
  i would not say we are entirely successful but i am glad we are not just bending over whenever we are asked to . 
  i know we are often ridiculed for it abroad but it 's a motive of pride for me . 
  haha i guess you ca n't really escape your mother language !, 
  honestly when looking around me on the workplace and family very few people seem to smoke . 
  i do n't , my gf does not , my mother and brother does not . 
  where i work we are sixteen people , two people are smoking and one is vaping . 
  in my group of friends i have only person smoking and he recently switched to vaping as a way to gradually reduce his consumption . 
  generally most people think that the less ads there is the better as it is considered visual pollution . 
  tobbaco products can not be advertised here and i do n't really see anyone crying over it . 
  prices in shops : 1,00 $ ( 1 euro ) large numbers : 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 ( 100 millions ) decimal place : 3,141592 ( pi 's first digits ) quotation marks : traditionally we use `` '' but '' '' are more and more common since keyboards and internet . 
  something else that is different in french is that we put a space between the last letter and interrogation and exclamation marks , something you do n't do in english and , it seems , in other languages . 
  this is the proper way to write it in french and omitting this space is a mistake in theory and doing it puts you at risks of seeing academie fran\u00e7aise 's armed response teams breaching your front door early in the morning . 
  while in english it would be :  do you like mint flavoured jelly , mate ? 
   i bloody love mint flavoured jelly , chap !, 
  as said before they do countries that are asked of them . 
  you are probably the first macedonian here that 's all . 
  it is not against your country . 
  also keep in mind that mods are doing what they do for free on their free time . 
  we never had a problem with napoleon because it was either him or occupation by foreign countries . 
  he was the only one at the time who could defend us against the european monarchies and we know it . 
  trying to hide a boner ? 
  done !, 
  oh nothing , i was just wondering why you were pointing that out , did not realize you were trying to start a banter . 
  edit : i 'll fokin cut you m8 ya fuckin ded i swear on me mom, 
  napoleonic wars , it is interesting as fuck and i feel like most people have huge misconceptions about it . 
  never heard of this stereotype . 
  the usual clich\u00e9 of swiss in general ( there is no separate stereotype for francophone swiss people ) is that they are efficient and soft spoken . 
  that 's pretty much all . 
  [ allo police is pretty gold too . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3f7owbwws4 ), 
  get lost mate , stay out of this !, 
  yeah i would have avoided to get into the nonante subject if i was / u/outrageous _ chausette . 
  and they collaborated quite willingly .
