  oxmo puccino also stands out , he generally focuses on wordplays and makes songs that are almost written like poetry . 
  there are others of course but those three are the first that pop to mind when i hear `` quality french rap '' . 
  i am on mobile right now so if someone can link them from youtube i would appreciate it and would be willing to pay in karma . 
  it was mainly a joke on italian switching sides in both world wars . 
  as i said in another comment marshall p\u00e9tain already allied us to the nazis to face the intergalactic threat in the name of humanity . 
  only problem is the aliens were a no-show . 
  little smartasses are probably playing the long con and now everyone thinks we got our asses kicked and allied with a genocidal maniac while we were simply thinking about humanity 's future . 
  then betray the alien mid-conflict to get back on the human side . 
  you would be our inside man . 
  p\u00e9tain knew something we did n't !, 
  [ `` i must be frank , your majesty '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qweraf0rr1q ), 
  depends on the families though . 
  some families would not understand if you did n't do a gathering including a lot of people from both families and may even think you are shunning them . 
  civil pact is quite recent and there is no real expectation . 
  most of my family did not even know beforehand . 
  i only take karma , either in cash or in check . 
  the perceived problem as seen from abroad was that the referendum campaign was mainly based on emotion and not really on facts and that both leave and remain voters were very poorly informed , that 's my main beef with the result of this referendum . 
  i doubt it is as easy as `` leave = racists / remain = non-racist '' . 
  i think it definitly may be the case for some people but i do n't think it 's the defining thing . 
  and that 's a totally legit opinion . 
  not a lot , no . 
  the only tension i can think of concerns a dispositive allowing people from other eu countries to come work in your country but with a contract under the law of their country of origin . 
  when the country of origin has similar laws it poses no problem but some countries have quite different laws , allowing them to unfairly compete with our own workers . 
  people from those countries will probably tell you it 's just competition and we just have to adapt to it and people from my country will probably tell you that it is unfair competition and social dumping orchestrated by big international companies using the working class from less developped countries as a weapon against our own working class . 
  the tension is not really against the workers themselves who are just using an existing dispositive but mainly against eu that allowed this dispositive to exist in the first place . 
  apart from that there is definitly a sense of kinship and of belonging to something bigger than our own countries . 
  i know for sure it exists in france and germany anyway . 
  i do n't know for sure about other countries but i assume it exists in most western european countries and in some eastern european ones too . 
  wait , are you talking about political integration of countries or integration of immigrants ? 
  depends . 
  `` historical eu '' tends to want eu to go further and their integration is probably going to keep progressing . 
  visegrad countries would probably be happy with a bit less integration ( but are not against eu as a matter of principle ) or with it not integrating any further . 
  in the end it will probably end up with a flexible , two speed eu with possibility of great integration for those who want it and a possibility of staying less integrated for those who want it . 
  i feel like there are three eus basically right now . 
  the historical eu which is mainly made up of western european countries minus uk and that is pretty well integrated . 
  they see each other as privileged partners and definitly developped a connection of sorts over time . 
  the visegrad countries ( poland , czech republic , hungary and slovakia ) who see eu more as a military alliance / economical market and seem to favour a less integrated version of eu based on states keeping most of their sovereignty . 
  non visegrad countries . 
  i feel like their opinion of eu integration tends to be positive but that 's not necessarily the case and their opinions can be varied . 
  i think what your friend means is that there is less rules on the way you end up with someone . 
  i met my gf at univ , we were in a friends circle , we had a few parties with other people , then we became friends with benefits ( at which point neither of us considered getting together , we were not exclusive at all at this point ) , after a few months we grew closer and i ended up asking her if she felt like getting exclusive . 
  i honestly do n't remember ever having a single `` date '' ( one on one coffee or restaurant for example ) before we became a couple and it just naturally evolved into a relationship . 
  yeah i would probably agree that it fits the character in a way but m\u00e9lanie laurent pretty much plays this exact same character in every movie which may be the reason i kind of have trouble unseeing it . 
  basically it costs a lot of money and it is a very rigid union that can not easily be modified . 
  civil pact is basically a simple contract that can be modified very easily should you want to and can be cancelled unilateraly with a simple snail mail . 
  also this costs basically nothing , you get in front of a state employee and sign a piece of paper , it basically takes five minutes to create . 
  our first interest is putting money aside for a piece of property . 
  making a champagne / princess dress party with our friends and family just does not seem like a priority at all . 
  lastly , on the symbolic side we feel like the assumption that people should get married after a while as if life was just a line with steps that have to be followed by everyone is kind of annoying . 
  in this kind of case it is typically because the one who marries afterwards wanted to marry and the other did n't and it ended up killing the marriage . 
  no , we are both pretty opposed to it . 
  we 've been together seven years with my girlfriend . 
  we entered a civil pact about two years ago . 
  still going strong . 
   and we definitely do n't want that . 
  it is more important to have a fair and equal society , than to allow some to have caviar every night , agree ? 
  just for the record i agree with you . 
  it is the main beef i potentially will have with macron as he tends to lean heavily towards the other choice . 
  habile . 
  * unemployment * inequalities choose one . 
  that 's a dilemma most countries face . 
  if you tear down the labour code you decrease unemployment but create more inequalities and `` poor workers '' aka people who have work but are paid too low to make a living out of it . 
  if you keep a strict labour code you keep a more equal society with even the lowest worker living somewhat decently but your unemployment will stagnate pretty much whatever you do because companies are somewhat reluctant to hire people they fear they wo n't be able to get rid of if their needs change . 
  i think she looks permanently jaded / bored to death . 
  never knew charles bronson was lithuanian !, 
  i really like daniel bruhl , he is a great actor . 
  whole generations of young french boys ( and some girls ) grew up with her in mind as the ultimate sex symbol . 
  love the movie but i thought melanie laurent was terrible in it for some reason . 
  it seems quite common here and pretty popular too . 
  there are numerous indians restaurants in lyon and they seem to do well enough . 
  you pick puffs individually . 
  european law protects you as a traveller . 
  the main problem you will have is that you will have to lawyer up and attack them as they will count on discouraging you to keep their money . 
  i know [flightright.com ] ( https://www.flightright.com/ ) to be reliable and trustworthy . 
  basically the way they function is they do everything for you , from asking nicely through snail mail to the inevitable lawsuit once the company refused to pay . 
  the deal is if they win nothing for you , then you do n't pay anything but you do n't get money either . 
  if they succeed in winning anything they take 25 % . 
  the deal is honestly more than fair since winning against the company by yourself would take a big amount of time and would require to pay a lawyer to fight for you sometimes for a full year . 
  pi\u00e8ce mont\u00e9e is the most basic . 
  apart from the traditional form everyone knows , a variant sometimes consists in a pyramid of puff pastries glued together with caramel and looking [ like this ] ( https://lacademie.com/recreational/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/croquembouche.jpg ) . 
  this variant is called `` croquembouche '' because of the caramel which is crunchy . 
  yeah it 's pretty cool . 
  all the characters are assholes in one way or another except maybe morty who is just an idiot and the humour is pretty absurd which is something i always love . 
  not very much , no . 
  by this definition everyone is ignorant so mentioning it is redundant . 
  i do n't like most pastries . 
  i am a very savory oriented person . 
  damn , looks delicious . 
  not knowing something does not make you ignorant . 
  it is `` le sacre de napol\u00e9on '' or `` the coronation of napoleon '' in english . 
  i think it represents france quite well since it represents the eternal quest of french people for the next providential man who will bring us back greatness ( despite all our talks of `` by the people , for the people '' ) . 
  it also has a hidden anticlerical message since instead of bowing down in front of religious authorities to be crowned by them as was tradition napol\u00e9on took the crown from the pope 's hands and put it on his own head himself which basically meant `` i owe you nothing , know your place '' which is still the attitude of most french people in 2017 . 
  the picture represents him crowning his wife jos\u00e9phine right after crowning himself . 
  we are known for our revolution and strikes but deep down french people still look for the next providential man to get behind . 
  when you see that de gaulle died in 1970 and that in 2017 saying that you are gaullist is still a surefire way to get a few easy points in the polls it is pretty clear . 
  `` libert\u00e9 guidant le peuple '' is the way french people would like to see themselves , `` le sacre de napol\u00e9on '' is what they really aspire too in truth . 
  in that , both could work . 
  god , i love tripes . 
  [ easy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/jacques_louis_david_-_le_couronnement_de_l%27empereur_et_de_l%27imp%c3%a9ratrice%2c_2_d%c3%a9cembre_1804_-_google_art_project.jpg ), 
  come and take it !,
