  no way i am going to hug one of them though unless maybe if they just someone or something . 
  leboncoin.com works okey . 
  some scams but like everywhere you must be prudent . 
  seloger.com works okey too apparently but never tried it . 
  yeah loved it . 
  my girlfriend gifted me a range session at a gun club a few years back . 
  it was mainly handguns , but i also shot a mp5 and a [ glock intervention ] ( https://i36.servimg.com/u/f36/14/76/75/11/aps-ki10.jpg ) ( which is basically just a kit to turn a glock 17 into a carbine ) . 
  sounds pretty good . 
  i love sausages, 
  it is worth noting that aldi is supposed to be a discount supermarket chain . 
   if you wanted a shopping , you had to pay a quarter for a deposit , and they kept chained up so nobody could steal them . 
  i 'll be honest - a glance at that and i made sure my car was locked !, 
  pretty standard in europe yeah . 
  it 's more a psychological thing than anything else , if you want to steal one you can . 
   it was just a grocery store - no bakery , cake decorators , deli counter , florist , butcher , seafood , lobster tanks , hot foods , etc. 
  all the usual things i expect to see in a supermarket . 
  everything was packaged so there would be no human interaction , i suppose to keep prices down . 
  wo n't find that in small discount stores in europe no . 
  in big regular stores you will definitly have all that in europe yeah . 
   after checkout , there was no bagger . 
  they send you to a counter area to bag your own groceries , i suppose to keep costs down . 
  never seen a bagger in europe , the mere idea seems very weird to me . 
  the cheeses , wines and salumi . 
  the culture as well . 
  i speak the language fluently and i go there as much as i can . 
  can you develop what it is for us non slovenian speaking peasants ? 
  probably the one where french people voted against the european constitution in 2005 and then the government adopted it anyway under a different name just after . 
  sure was an eye-opener . 
  i checked and apparently you are right , traditionnally it seems to be made of a rolled g\u00eanoise . 
  the ice cream ones seem more recent . 
  in france the traditional dessert is the `` b\u00fbche de no\u00ebl '' ( `` christmas log '' ) which is an ice cream based cake made in the shape of a wooden log . 
  it can be of a variety of flavours but it generally includes chocolate ice cream . 
  yeah but it is not for christmas but to celebrate the kings and this cake is only eaten in the south . 
  the rest of france generally eat the galette des rois which is something different with almond filling . 
  i would link you wikipedia but i am on my mobile at the moment . 
  in chronological order for english : * school * star wars galaxies ( yeah i am old ) * tv series / movies * reddit for italian : * school * erasmus it is worth noting that real life is not reddit though . 
  most of the people on reddit speak pretty good english but it is not always the case for french population at large . 
  `` pierre papier ciseau '' so `` rock paper scissors '', 
  yeah and we non perverted people just want to set them on fire for blocking the road . 
  do n't worry mate , we know . 
  english people are naturally evil . 
  it 's just a joke , it 's not really based on anything . 
  one could say it 's completly gratuitous . 
  funny thing is we never joke about you at all . 
  it 's all for belgium basically on our side . 
  in english sympathetic means `` compatissant '' . 
  it is a common faux-ami . 
  yeah i hate the marseille accent . 
  just hearing it irritates me . 
  the cops would probably be in trouble if they shoot someone who is not actively endangering someone 's life . 
  now if he started showing signs of raising it against someone yeah they probably would shoot him but if he was not pointing it at something living he probably would not be shot . 
  haha you got yourself a german hippie , probably the worst kind of hippies . 
  first of all the stereotype is true , we do n't tip because the waiters are paid a living wage like everyone of us . 
  you can tip if you think the waiter went above and beyond the call of duty but it is never expected . 
  that being said it is still a dick move to go to a country where tips are expected and not tip . 
  concerning customer service i like it sober and to the point and i think it is the case for most french people . 
  a polite hello with a basic smile ( not the `` i really want you to inspect all my teeth '' smile ) then maybe a `` if you need anything let me know '' ( though it 's kind of stating the obvious in my opinion so it 's not necessary ) , simple answers to my question if i have any and no personal opinion unless i explicitely ask for one . 
  same in restaurants basically . 
  just bring me my dishes and then if i need anything i will make sure and wait for an occasion to attract your attention ( so you can just do your job and not check on me every 5 minutes ) . 
  unless we are usuals at your restaurant do n't make small talk , you are a waiter and that 's not an easy job so focus on it and do n't try to make sure i am having fun or something , having fun is the responsibility of the people sitting at the table , not yours . 
  so basically polite and discreet is what is expected in france generally . 
  hello and good byes are expected but apart from that do n't bother the customers if they do not need you . 
  it 's probably why a lot of tourists ( often from the us ) think they got shunned by waiters or something . 
  most of the time it 's because they walked into a tourist trap and the staff do n't give a fuck about them ( happens often in paris and other touristy places ) and the rest of the time it is because they do n't understand how customer service works in france and expect our culture to be exactly the same . 
  yeah i like it very much that way . 
  [ far right never disappoints ] ( http://www.ina.fr/video/i07060784 ) . 
  the crazy psycho smile at the end never fails to crack me up . 
  [ another one from the same guy ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xugo9_clip-megret-2002_news ) . 
  i swear this guy was tripping balls when he made those . 
  i used to go to the stadium regularly but it was mainly to meet my mates , drink and fight . 
  i never really cared much for the sport itself ( i do n't hate it , i do n't love it ) and i never watched a game on tv outside of major international competitions because i think it 's boring as hell . 
  i played a bit as a lad but i was shit honestly . 
  i love black hawk down . 
  saving private ryan is great too . 
  i have been listening the shit out of the alexander hamilton musical lately . 
  i think it 's terrific and as i am kind of history nerd it encouraged me to dig a bit deeper on the character so i bought the biography by chernow the musical got its inspiration from . 
  my god , how did you manage ? 
  was he agressive or something ? 
  i would have been sooooo freaked out . 
  people like that are the worst . 
  that being said it happens but fortunately not too often if you are dress normally in your profile picture . 
  if you are in your bikinis though it tends to happen a lot more . 
  first off it is an election where people from the right voted . 
  it tells us very few about the opinion of french electorate as a whole . 
  so your question would actually be `` why do * right-wing * people like fillon ? '', 
  and the answer is that pretty much all eliminated first round candidates went behind fillon at second round . 
  it 's worth noting that concerning abortion he said specifically that he was morally against it at the time and still is but that he would not change it now it had been allowed for some time . 
  make sure you bring your machete . 
  that 's where the legion trains for jungle warfare . 
  oh my bad . 
  it 's generation identitaire , a identitarian youth group . 
  i know a few guys from gi and i had many occasion to talk to them so i 'll try : accepted for what ? 
  as a tourist no one will have problems with you since whatever your origin you are not going to stay . 
  so they do n't care as long as you are respectful . 
  for living and working as a foreigner ? 
  they do n't seem to mind that as long as you are not muslim . 
  just respect the local culture and do n't forget the culture you are from . 
  to be french ? 
  talking with guys from gi it seems to mainly be : * be born from a french family * know french history and language * do n't compromise on your culture or identity * be proud of your colours and do n't wear colours that are not yours - i remember seeing some of them mocking a french guy who was wearing a jersey from another country during the euro please note that it is not something they told me as such . 
  i deduced it from discussing with them and seeing what made them raise an eyebrow .
