  it would have been a win for meluche . 
  the best scenario would have been fillon as he is extremely repulsive for a large swath of the electorate and fillon would still have been elected , just with much more abstentionitsts . 
  le pen . 
  she is dead . 
  macron in second round was the absolut worst case for her . 
  she has literally no chance of winning now . 
  i personally voted for melenchon because he had the best programme for ecology , animal rights and social policies . 
  i am not against eu . 
  i would like for it to reform and i still think it is a necessary thing but i do n't hate eu and i am not the only one among melenchon voters , far from it . 
  it is a bit lazy and simplistic to classify melenchon as `` anti-eu '' and deduce that therefore 100 % of his voters want to gtfo . 
  first of all because it 's not true and also because melenchon has a ton of great ideas on a lot of fields and a lot of voters also voted for those . 
  you almost never have a candidate that perfectly aligns with your ideas , and therefore you have to compromise on some points and vote for the one that holds the values closer to yours . 
  take a guess . 
  yeah despite an astonishingly high turnout in martian and venusian polling stations it looks he failed to convince his voter base . 
  they joined force with hamon early on . 
  it is a nickname but not derogatory , quite the opposite . 
  none or extremely few . 
  le pen and melenchon are not just completly at odds politically they abhor each other personally . 
  i voted melenchon at first round and i would rather die than vote for the fascist sow . 
  my feeling is that macron 's victory is actually a yes to eu more than anything else . 
  people did not vote for him , they voted for eu because macron was very much identified to pro-eu stance . 
  depends . 
  if macron proves an adept leader it will tank her hard . 
  my feeling as a french voter right now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phqlq1rc_js, 
  it is a cheesy old man song . 
  but get a few shots in any young french person and they will sing it from the top of their lungs . 
  the song is insanely popular in bars and nightclubs, 
  our favourite drinking song is about the lakes of conamara , of course we can be friends . 
  this is a presidential election ... 
  stop objectifying men . 
  yeah . 
  in france politicians are anyone doing politics , elected or not . 
  if you are offcially candidate to a political election no matter how local you are by default a politician since you are doing politics . 
  you could be a politician all your life and never hold an office as long as you regularly are a candidate in an election or another . 
  i think they are the ones who invented ties , right ? 
  `` so , what do you do in life ? 
  - i put flags beside marine le pen when she comes spew her bullshit on tv . 
  - huh , sorry i think it 's better if we stop now , i do n't think it is going to work out between us . '', 
  i guess it would . 
  of course i do . 
  i just assume that / u/ineed3quid meant mp and not actually `` politician '' . 
  art 26 and 68 of our constitution ? 
  she would have walked and they could not allow that to happen . 
  also iirc she warned ahead of time and made it a condition to come . 
  if the channel agreed to it beforehand it would have been shitty to not keep their word , no matter what has been promised or to whom . 
  france . 
  which is pretty hypocritical since fn is no more prejudiced than ukip . 
  it would have been hilarious but i garantee you that someone would have been fired . 
  yeah i agree that france leaving would be terrible . 
  what i am trying to convey is that le pen in office would pretty much mean france is leaving . 
  melenchon in office it would be much more unlikely since by his own admission melenchon does not want to . 
  meaning that melenchon would comparatively be better for eu since it would mean less chance of france exiting . 
  i totally get that whoever make france exit is not important . 
  we have primaries too where the parties hold elections to choose their candidate . 
  then we have two rounds of actual election . 
  primaries are not about electing people in office , they are just for choosing a candidate . 
  the fact that you have primaries does not mean you have two round system or it would mean that every democratic country has a two round system . 
  if you count the primaries as part of the elective process then we have a three rounds system if that makes sense . 
  yeah , black bloc mixes with a peaceful protest and smashes banks and throw stuff at the police to which police responds with tear gas , that happens pretty much everywhere . 
  it would be better if it did n't but i still do n't get your point . 
  so please , tell me why you think `` france is most the most troubled country in europe '' . 
  berkeley protest was last week . 
  does that make the us the most troubled country in the american continent too ? 
  oh , my bad , i thought we just sent random videos of riots instead of actually making points . 
  my point was that le pen was objectively worse for all eu . 
  i guess we could imagine a eu without france and uk but it would be seriously damaged , losing two net big markets and net contributors in a short time . 
  https://youtu.be/3wmmhirczoc?t=29s http://www.reuters.com/article/us-california-ucberkeley-protests-iduskbn15h08e, 
  france is okey do n't worry . 
  i do n't know what he is on about to be fair . 
  i hope you 'll be here for 6th of june . 
  there are a ton of d-day celebrations in normandy at this time and they are generally pretty cool with tons of reenactors and stuff . 
  really ? 
  i live in france and i do n't have this impression at all . 
  you keep repeating that like it 's common sense but i have trouble understanding what you mean . 
  the conseil constitutionnel would probably order that we remake the second round . 
  there is nothing written in stone since our constitution does not mention this possibility but that 's the more likely scenario . 
  turkey has very little impact on french elections . 
  it is not a talking point at all and our turkish community is far from being as big as germany 's . 
  she may be elected . 
  and that 's a big may . 
  she has a shot but the odds are absolutly not in her favour because of our two round system . 
  worries mainly come from foreigners who do n't understand the reality of how a two round system works . 
  i do n't say she has zero chance but her chances are slim and i do n't mean `` trump '' slim , i mean actually slim , there are no surprise elections in the french system because the two round systems allows the voters to correct any mistake during the second round . 
  because she is trying hard to change her party 's image therefore any word she says live is carefully rehearsed to make her appear to be the voice of reason . 
  fn has been created by her father jean marie le pen , jean marie was a crazy man who said gas chambers were a detail of history and things like that . 
  he basically made trump look like a sane and balanced person . 
  a few years back , marine took over the party and kicked her father from it to try and appear as more reasonable and in essence it works . 
  she always looks and sound infinitly more convincing than her father but in the end the core of her message and methods are the same : blame brown people for everything , blame eu and offer very simplistic solutions to extremely complexe problems . 
  she worked for her father for years before getting thrown in the spotlight , organizing his campaigns and so on and she never said a word while she was there . 
  she could have walked or opened her mouth when he said he would make another batch in the over next time ( speaking about a jewish artist who criticized him ) or that people infected with aids should be round up and put in special camps so they do n't infect others . 
  she did not and for that i will never trust her . 
  i must have missed the second round of both these elections i guess . 
  `` i like the french , i like how they think . '', 
  it would though . 
  le pen thinks eu is evil and wants to leave no matter what . 
  end of discussion . 
  melenchon does not want to leave , he will do it only if it appears that eu forces him to do an austerity policy . 
  those are two very different lines . 
  champagne sounds completly inadequat to celebrate melenchon , considering he is far left . 
  i think a good cubi of 2017 `` la villageoise '' or a six pack of `` bi\u00e8re de luxe kingsbrau '' would be more in order .
