  it has nothing to do with wealth . 
  i live in lyon and own a car and it serves no real purpose to me . 
  i pay for insurance and shit for nothing basically . 
  i would sell it but i need it to go see my family from time to time but if my family did not live in the countryside i would ditch it asap . 
  the public transportation system in most big european cities is just so good it makes owning a car superfluous at best and a problem at worst . 
  yeah , fighting for your rights is so 20th century . 
  no civilized nation fight for their rights . 
  everyone knows civilized nations just bend over for their masters . 
  the officers are two , the violent protesters are dozens . 
  either the officers went away to wait for reinforcements , or he started fighting back and would get overwhelmed quickly . 
  black bloc people are no joke , they come to protests to target police specifically and they do n't give a fuck . 
  most of them wear protective gear against tear spray and batons and tazer is good against a single target but does not work against groups . 
  two us cops overwhelmed by dozens of violent protesters with no reinforcement in sight would have done exactly the same . 
   frankly , letting businesses fire people is not what i would call slavery . 
  it allows to make the employees live in constant fear that if they have any sort of complaint ( including legitimate ones ) they will be fired . 
  this is not literally slavery but it gives huge powers to the boss over their employee . 
  oversee territories are as much a part of france as any region of mainland france . 
  someone can be black and have a family that is french and has been for as many generations as they can remember . 
  apart from some regional differences they are definitly of french culture . 
  believe it or not some of them even dislike muslims and black immigrants from africa who fail or refuse to assimilate . 
  i have a black cousin from martinique who is kinda like that , i think she even voted far-right at some point even though i have no way to be 100 % sure . 
   but the people who wanted to leave are n't going to stop wanting to leave . 
  sure , except this kind of trip costs a huge sum of money to a third worlder . 
  a whole family generally has to squeeze in to pay for a single man to go to europe . 
  if they get sent back this money is lost . 
  please note that i did not include the word idiot in my comment . 
  i think being anti-eu is a fair opinion even though it is not mine . 
  it happens in every country . 
  it just works better on british people it seems , probably because `` eu is shit '' is exactly what they want to hear and believe . 
  de gaulle saw it coming . 
  so much for the `` lazy french '' stereotype !, 
  some far right people think the way we should handle islamist terrorism is by going eye for eye with them . 
  they blow up a stadium ? 
  we should blow up a mosque etc. ... 
  it is completly retarded but it makes sense to simple minds . 
   what kind of extreme nationalist was he anyway ? 
  curious if it has anything to do with corsica or basque . 
  none of them ever targeted minorities to my knowledge . 
  their actions are always entirely against france . 
  i heard a lot of things about romania but never that it was ugly . 
  favorite : italian and french without a doubt . 
  i love what italians can do with simple recipes and good , fresh products . 
  it 's almost magical . 
  least favorite : i do n't really have one to be honest . 
  i would be tempted to say british just to bash the brits but i love a good shepherd 's pie or bangers and mash . 
  short term it would be a big mess . 
  long term it could be great, 
  yeah let 's give more advantages to the ultra rich than they already have and hope they will throw a few jobs our way as a tip . 
  that ' s obviously the best solution . 
  because it is not supposed to last that long . 
  baguette is ideally to be eaten with in the day . 
  if you need bread that lasts longer we have other types of bread that do exactly that . 
  nothing is sanitary and the good thing is that human body is perfectly adapted to this fact . 
   that being said i generally prefer my baguette in a paper bag . 
  you are welcome !, 
  yeah , can confirm we basically shoot moroccan people on sight here ... 
  mainly because the mainstream parties schemed like hell to achieve exactly that . 
  it certainly worked in the short term but the backlash will probably be terrible . 
  people will not forget or forgive that kind of thing and i really fear for the 2017 presidential elections . 
  it may be in your echo chamber , but most people do n't give a rat 's ass about nativity scenes in city halls and it was against separation between church and state . 
  nativity scenes belong in churches and at home . 
  we do it in my family every year despite us not being religious , i do n't need them in my city hall too , this is just redundant . 
  your affermation that this ban disgusted most french people is just wrong . 
  the immense majority of french people would probably be in the `` do n't care either way '' category . 
   melenchon a tiny angry communist with absolutely no chance of being elected , spouting his communist anti-religion rethoric , just disgusts most french people . 
  once again a totally ridiculous claim as 60 % of french people are agnostic or atheist . 
  once again `` most of the people in your echo chamber '' does not mean `` most french people '' . 
  you should talk to people who do n't think exactly like you once in a while it may help . 
   also what does he have to say about islam , and the terror attack relationships ? 
  nothing . 
  lets just attack christianity and christian culture . 
  he does not attack christian culture , he says most people in france are not part of christianity and thinks that religious is a private thing that has no place in this kind of debate and he is right . 
  believe in what you want , just leave us non-believers alone , that 's all he says and all he has ever said . 
  they were talking about constitutional reform and she spends 3 minutes talking about nativity scenes displayed in city halls , of course it was a diversion to avoid talking about the topic and he was right on calling her out . 
  60 % of french people are agnostic or atheist so yeah ultimately pretty much no one cares , especially since everyone is free to have nativity scenes in church or at home . 
  this is a non-topic yeah and even if it was not it was still not the topic they were supposed to talk about at all . 
  melenchon pointed out that she was talking for minutes about a minor issue very few people in france cared about just to avoid talking about important issues she knows she is weak on and he is right . 
  he was calling her out on her bullshit , that 's all . 
  i do n't understand the point you are trying to make . 
  maybe it is a cultural thing but in france the `` i am ahead in the poll therefore i am right '' is just a cowardly way to avoid answering questions and it would have been taken as such . 
  just like when polls said that hillary had 98 % chances of winning ? 
  polls are a very overrated thing , saying `` i lead in the poll therefore i am right '' is not an argument at all . 
  it is an argument on how le pen is instrumentalizing religions all the time despite the fact that it is something that do no interest the majority of french people since most of us are not religious at all . 
  she is being especially hypocritical since she has talked a lot about how she was the defender of french secularism against islam . 
   also i guess le pen could just have countered it with quoting some ( any ) polling numbers . 
  she could but it would be very wrong to assume that le pen 's fans are all very religious people . 
  she is followed by a weird mix of religious weirdos , secular nationalists and people who have been disappointed by eu or by other parties . 
  she was probably preparing yet another `` islam = bad '' argument and i am glad he stopped him in her tracks because she made this type of argument during the whole tv show . 
  it is a more global critic from m\u00e9lenchon , it 's not just about nativity . 
  he has been criticizing the overimportance of talks about religions in general for some time . 
  fillon does that a bit but then those two have some overlapping electorate so it 's not a surprise . 
  apart from that she is pretty alone . 
  yeah at the same moment he also said `` you do n't mind daesh , you love them because they allow you to do your show '' . 
  it was so right and well delivered . 
  yeah it 's typical le pen in debates she tries to score a few easy points with one of her shitty sensationalistic topics and it blows up in her face . 
  and in a typical m\u00e9lenchon fashion her comes in and make sure to ridiculize her openly . 
  yeah i loved when he said `` 60 % of french people are not religious , leave us alone with your religions '' . 
  le pen is very weak in debate generally speaking . 
  she is easily bullied and as a far right candidate it is not unusual for others to slap her around for a few free bonus points and when it happens she generally starts fidgeting or losing her words making her look and sound shaken and weak . 
  philippot ( le pen 's number two ) is generally sent when there is need for a strong fn gunslinger but as a presidential debate only candidates were allowed .
