  crusader kings 2 : scotland everytime with england as my sworn enemy . 
  my main objective is generally to unite the british islands under scottish rule . 
  i generally ally with france for that . 
  civilization v : i generally play as france . 
  nuking people as napoleon is just too good to pass . 
  generally i play either as france or as scotland in every civilization game i play . 
  used to mean bad luck but no one really cares about superstitutions like that today . 
  n\u00e8gre is 100 % derogatory . 
  calling someone a `` n\u00e8gre '' in france would probably earn you a punch in the face . 
  i only respect violent political movements actually . 
  it 's the same everywhere in public transports including in the us . 
  some people work long days of physical work under the sun and others live in the streets . 
  i do n't think metro is a very good indicator to be honest . 
  turned milk actually, 
  in germany any joke about stealing cars is about the polish . 
  probably nowhere . 
  yeah . 
  it 's how we call it in france . 
  apparently they used distilled alcohol for some medical purposes in old times . 
  fun one , too bad it wo n't work in french language . 
  i heard it as french shower from south americans . 
  it 's quite popular in france too even though you are totally right . 
  we have spas , yeah . 
  it reminds me of this one : `` what 's the easiest way to get a jewish girl 's number ? 
  just pull up her sleeve . '', 
  the worst part of being a black jew is having to sit in the back of the oven . 
  i must say i find all the nazi jokes in this post extremely offensive and bad taste . 
  my grandpa died in auschwitz when he tripped down his watchtower . 
  making your own eau-de-vie is not uncommon in rural france . 
  quality and taste varies a lot depending on the ingredients and the skill of the guy making it . 
  some are decent , some are barely over medical alcohol when it comes to taste . 
  `` yeah , i went to france , did not really like it . 
  - really where have you been ? 
  - i visited paris for one week . '', 
  ignorance and stupidity is the most common thing in the world , yeah . 
  this is extremely real , indeed . 
  i am from the north of france and we still find bodies and unexploded shells everywhere in my area very regularly . 
  we even have entire areas that are still forbidden to public because basically everything is still toxic there from ww1 combat gases . 
  i think the big cultural difference here is that taking loan for anything beside house or car is seen as a sign of poor money management and irresponsibility . 
  a lot of europeans in general are not traditionally big borrowers and credits are seen in a very negative light in general as i said . 
  that 's why credit score would probably not work well here since we do n't really make an habit of borrowing money in general and we are generally taught by our parents to live within our means and that if we ca n't pay for something on our own dime then to either save money for it or just forget about it . 
  i am 31 and i never borrowed a cent in my life and my first loan will probably be when i buy a place to live in a few years . 
  yeah , the rooster symbolizes pride , determination in the face of danger , agressiveness and spirit of conquest . 
  adults may stand out or not depending on the places . 
  children transitioning will probably be seen as parents pushing things on their child . 
  most people would probably expect them to wait until they are adults to make this kind of choice . 
  so basically you ca n't buy a house if you manage your money well because you never borrowed money before and therefore do n't have a credit score ? 
  and the guy who keeps borrowing money for frivolous purposes has perfect credit score and can buy a house ? 
  this sounds like an extremely weird system or there is something i do n't understand . 
  i keep a short one personally . 
  i am glad this is in fashion as i grew it initially because shaving is always a torture for me . 
  i give it a buzz every few days to keep it short and tidy and that 's all . 
  i have not used a razor in years and i am so fucking glad of that . 
  it is true . 
  from a french perspective random strangers striking a friendly conversation out of the blue in bars or other places was kind of weird at first when i visited the us . 
   at least by the standards of the english-speaking world we stare at people . 
  ah yeah , the world famous german judging stare . 
  i would n't know , we never colonized anybody , we merely `` brought the wonders of civilization '' to asia and africa . 
  i am sure they are extremely thankful but it 's not like us to ask for payment or anything in return . 
  yeah , i totally understand the rational for it . 
  i was mainly talking about the aesthetics . 
  the flag looks so agressive . 
  the colour scheme and the machete really make it look like a place i would never want to visit . 
  france / france . 
  :p i just like it here . 
  you do have a point ... 
  you say flowers i immediatly think `` netherlands '' . 
  it 's a very modern country too so i am sure they can accomodate disabled people well . 
  i would n't be able to tell you the religion of most of our politicians . 
  i would expect most to be non-practicing catholics and some being jewish or muslim but i could not really tell you for sure . 
  openly identifying yourself as a practicing religious would sound weird for a french politician and would probably make them lose votes so they generally do n't declare themselves if they are church-goers . 
  came here to say balkany but you did the job . 
  thank you for your service / u/julably . 
  this guy ( and his wife ) are the sleaziest most corrupt assholes i ever seen in a western european country . 
  that he is not yet in prison is just beyond me . 
  it is actually the opposite . 
  [ marriages with foreign-born people is much more common in france than uk ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/3433488/5584928/ks-sf-12-029-en.pdf/4c0917f8-9cfa-485b-a638-960c00d66da4 ) and that 's a direct result of assimilationnist policies . 
  as immigrants are heavily discouraged from staying in communities they obviously tend to mix more with native populations . 
  as for their complaints once again they are free to do what they want but the idea that they are never going to be considered french because they are black is just wrong , if only for the fact that a lot of native french are from french oversea territories and are therefore black or with black origin while not being immigrants . 
  my great grandmother was a black woman from guyana and one of my cousins married a black woman from martinique and knowing her she would probably punch anyone stupid enough to tell her she 's no french . 
  obviously everyone has different experiences and i do n't deny that racism does exist in france but the idea that it is impossible to be considered french while being black is demonstrably untrue . 
   maybe that 's france 's stated goal , but france seems to be one of the worst countries in integrating/assimilating immigrants , and not just with muslims either . 
  you compare very different systems . 
  uk does not try to assimilate people since it 's a multicultural system so we are neither worse nor better at assimilating people compared to uk . 
  we 'll only know if one day uk moves to an assimilationnist system one day . 
  our system obviously potentially creates more resentment among some of the newly immigrated people since we actually ask them to make a big effort to assimilate so obviously some will tend to prefer the system where they are not required to do as much efforts . 
  in the long run i think it is the best thing both for us and for them though . 
  some of them do n't like our system and that 's probably the reason why they moved elsewhere in a country with a society that they feel will fit them better , that 's okey and i do n't have any problem with that . 
  there are about 200 countries on earth all with very different systems and there is no problem with choosing the system that you prefer . 
  basically you are never 100 % sure the guy is guilty , even if they confessed . 
  we had a high profile case in france a few years back of a guy who served 15 years for killing some children in his neighborhood until police caught a serial child murderer who apparently was in the area at the time and realized that the children had been killed in the exact same way he killed all the others . 
  the guy got a retrial and apparently he was not guilty , he is now free and got 1 million $ for his troubles . 
  no one can give him his 15 years back of course but at least he is now free to spend the rest of his life in peace with his family . 
  the guy had confessed because the cops had pressured him by saying that he was sure of being convicted and that the judge would go easier on him if he cooperated fully . 
  admittedly the guy was not the sharpest tool in the shed but still . 
  in a death penalty system he would have been dead and buried by the time the other guy got caught . 
  this type of case happens more often that we care to admit . 
  justice tries its best to be true as much as possible but it 's never been a 100 % thing and never will be . 
  absolutly , yes . 
  french governement used to heavily repress regional cultures and language .
