  i got you in my sight you and your stupid comments . 
  i assume he means the less hungry you are in the afternoon / late afternoon . 
  for the first time in ... well forever none of the mainstream parties could be in second round . 
  it comes mainly from disillusionment with austerity measures both of these parties tried to enforce , disillusionment with eu ( mainly through disinformation ) and islamic terrorism . 
  people are just tired of always making efforts while a minority of people share all the wealth and make no effort whatsoever , often managing to pay little or no taxes since they are on a first name basis with half the parliament . 
  when a guy with a cigar and a 7000 $ suit comes to a guy earning minimum wage and tells him that he needs to make some efforts to live modestly and need to relinquish some of his privileges that cost the state dear it is pretty normal that the minimum wage guy wo n't just say `` okey , no problem '' . 
  some things are okey being microwaved , others are n't . 
  i personally do n't look down on microwaves , they have their uses even if just warming up butter , reheating leftovers or making parmesan popcorn . 
  yeah . 
  a lot of people seem to assume the lower wattages are just for show and maximum wattage is always the best one . 
  yeah . 
  it makes sense that poles would be more common in the north of france . 
  i think they reflect a discontent in our societies . 
  if we successfully adress this discontent they will fade into irrelevance . 
  if we continue ignoring them then they will only grow . 
  it 's honestly in the hands of our politicians . 
  haha loved `` le roman de renart '' . 
  funny thing is that this guy is the reason `` foxes '' are called `` renards '' in french . 
  before this fable book foxes were called `` goupils '' . 
  do n't worry mate . 
  this guy should really take a good look at his username . 
  questions about common stereotypes are not a problem . 
  the cheap and hard-working stereotype is more commonly associated with poles and portoguese in my mind . 
  in france we have [ eric zemmour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89ric_zemmour ) . 
  he is anti-feminist and is in favour of an extreme version of french assimilationism and of stopping immigration which he sees as an invasion . 
  he often uses his own example of what a model immigrant should be as he is an algerian jew who immigrated at the independance . 
  his favorite topic is political islam . 
  busted !, 
  melenchon is left or far left depending on where you are from . 
  he is for worker 's rights , peace , social progress and for good relations between people both within and without france . 
  he wants to negociate with eu to be able to do his social programme unimpeded ( he is against austerity ) and if the eu refuses to negociate he plans on organizing a referendum to leave the treaties so he can do his programme in peace . 
  is he a nationalist ? 
  honestly of all the things to call him it would not be the first that comes to mind . 
  i went to the us in 2009 . 
  made a road trip in the south west to try and see as many national park as possible and go hiking in all of them . 
  still managed to put on ~ ~ 6 pounds ~ ~ 3 kilos though . 
  hey , i went to california with a few friends back in 2009 . 
  we visited sf and sonoma valley and then we went road tripping through various national parks in the south west of the us for three weeks . 
  never went to san diego though . 
  haha that 's so funny indeed . 
  if you pass by lyon let 's have a pint !, 
  french guy here : polish : great guys all around . 
  most are unrecognizable from french natives after one generation except from their unpronunceable names . 
  same for italian and portoguese people . 
  they have the reputation of hard workers and in my experience it is totally deserved . 
  north africa : the first generation came here and worked hard and adapted well , most were not very religious . 
  the second generation is more hit or miss but most of those i know are good people but a part of them seem to have a kind of melancholy for their land of origin , probably because they do n't know much about it which make them have a hard time coming to truth with the fact that they are and always will be french . 
  i believe the difference in religion is what is more problematic , mainly the fact that we consider religion mainly as a very private thing that we do n't want to hear about while some muslims still put religion at the core of their lives , which we have stopped doing for fifty years with ours . 
  but as i said pretty much every person of north african descent i know or work with are good people who just want to live their lives in peace . 
  roma : i am not sure they can be counted as immigrants to be honest as they do n't really settle down anywhere . 
  they mainly scam people at train station , steal and beg in the streets or in the subway . 
  they have extremely bad reputation in the eyes of most people as we do n't have yet any `` integrated '' romas like in other countries to counter-balance the bad things we see them do everyday as we go to work . 
  they pretty much refuse any attempt to help them or just exploit them without any regard for the persons who try and help them . 
  i remember a small town who offered a few roma families to temporarily live in a local hotel so they can live in decent conditions . 
  they just dismantled all the copper pipes in the rooms and disappeared overnight , leaving thousands in damage to the hotel in question . 
  same for towns who lend them some place where they can camp . 
  they generally just leave the land trashed and the town has to pick up after them . 
  i honestly do n't understand these people and i guess they do n't understand us either . 
  i have no idea how we could deal with them to make them cohabitate peacefully with them . 
  if you already come from the foreign legion just go for sapeurs pompiers de paris . 
  they are the only firemen with a military status and they are considered elite . 
  | they even get to parade on the 14th of july . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptjvuh7nfhu ) . 
  foreign legion is a kind of extreme choice though . 
  make sure you think it through carefully . 
  there are a few french beers i think are pretty decent . 
  i like la goudale from the north . 
  it 's a light blond but it still has taste . 
  the ninkasi series ( only sold in lyon as far as i know ) are pretty good too . 
  they have a wide variety of products and all the ones i tasted were good to me . 
  nothing that truly competes with belgian delicacies of course but they are good enough to serve your guests and not be ashamed . 
  why would you want us to leave if le pen loses ? 
  fillon vs mlp is pretty much the worst scenario possible , whichever wins it would be shit . 
  melenchon vs le pen would be interesting . 
  macron vs le pen would be safe with all the moderates and left leaning people voting for macron . 
  i sometimes like to entertain the idea of mlp not being at second round . 
  she has been losing traction lately and we could have a surprise . 
  i would just love to see her face if she does not make it to second round after everyone pretty much assumed that she would be there for months . 
  if i had to bet : le pen vs melenchon would be high risk / high reward but not unthinkable . 
  le pen vs macron would be low risk / low reward . 
  le pen vs fillon in second round would be possible but less likely than melenchon i would say ( fillon has a terrible image outside of his core of die-hard fans while melenchon still has a lot of people on the fence who could vote for him at the last minute ) . 
  le pen vs hamon is pretty much dead honestly . 
  the guy is sunking faster than the titanic and so close to the vote he pretty much has no chance of getting back his voter base who fled either to melenchon to have more chances of a left leaning candidate in second round or to macron for the most centrists of them . 
  no le pen at second round is pretty unlikely but possible in my opinion ( more possible than a few weeks ago anyway ) . 
  in that case the less moderate would probably lose . 
  we have terrible beers , thing is we have a lot of them and some of them are very good . 
  kro is mainly drunk by beggars , punks or very poor people who ca n't afford more . 
  belgian beers will always be first in my heart though . 
  there is no equivalent in france . 
  the fire departments deal with first response . 
  they have both the tools and the medical knowledge . 
  on a road accident for example the fire crews are generally first on scene , they have the tools and knowledge to safely cut open the cars and extract the victims and then they directly start with first aid . 
  if you want to be an emt in france you would therefore have to join a fire brigade but as a foreigner you could only be a `` volunteer '' which is not full time ( a bit like army reserve ) . 
  the hours you do for them are paid but you would have to have a main job if you want to eat everyday . 
  the everyday job would essentially be the same as a professionals though ( long watch duties at the station and regular interventions ) , just part time . 
  professional firemen ( full timers ) have to be either french or ue nationals ( under conditions ) . 
  i do n't own one . 
  i could but i do n't see the point . 
  news and series i get on internet when i want instead of on a schedule fixed by someone else . 
  the entertainment shows and games i honestly find them boring and idiotic most of the time . 
  roast beef is great .
