  not that people at the steering wheel in nk are not bastards or anything but let 's look at lybia and iraq as good examples of the kind of things that can happen when you meddle too much in others ' internal affairs . 
  you ca n't just overthrow assholes without ruining the country in question for the decades to come and more importantly destabilizing the whole region for the same period . 
  i believe military intervention can be useful in some contexts , namely peace-keeping , but that generally it tends to backfire when used to get a shitbag out of power . 
   edit : how on earth are these comments so civil ? 
  on any other sub this thread would have been locked at the second comment . 
  / r/askeurope exceptionalism . 
  the same opinion i got with female genital cutting . 
  it is barbaric and should be forbidden until the child can make his own opinion . 
  more common than what we would like , less common than what we deserve . 
  hahaha i never heard of this one thanks for sharing it, 
  panettone per sempre !, 
  thanks for that mate i love you !, 
  yeah and in the `` weirdo '' category the one with a user called `` somethingdebergerac '' who was an american person who wanted to ask something about relationships in france . 
  he typed his post entirely in french , except it was legitimately completly unreadable . 
  people started pointing out that we could not understand what he wanted and that it was okey if he did it in english . 
  the guy went apeshit , insulting everyone , saying that we were pieces of shit , that his french was excellent and that basically we were retards for not understanding our own language . 
  he then started posting on other subreddits how french people are arrogant assholes . 
  the guy kind of became a legend on / r/france but unfortunatly the memory of this epic post kind of faded with time . 
  i really wish i could find it again now . 
  it 's normal for new dr martens to hurt like hell . 
  once they have been used for a while though they are wonderful shoes . 
  maronsui 's are the legal version of crack cocaine . 
  anything we will ever do will be `` helping erdogan '' . 
  you can spin everything in a way that makes you look good if you put your mind to it . 
  if he had been allowed to make his campaign everywhere in europe he would have said `` see i can do everything i want , european countries ca n't say no to me '' . 
  it 's up to turkish people to see through the bullshit , we can not do anything that he wo n't spin for his own interests . 
  we do not surrender that much . 
  we do love our wine and cheese . 
  our women do shave generally speaking . 
  we do love to cook with garlic and we are obsessed with food . 
  we are not particularly arrogant unless you act like a jerk . 
  if it is enough to convince people to vote for his dictatorial referendum then honestly he was never in danger of losing . 
  i am sorry for turkish people who want a democratic change but do n't put that on us , you hold the vote . 
  the funny thing is that you are doing the exact same thing erdogan always did : blaming europe for everything and i think this kind of mentality is the problem and why erdogan is doing so fine . 
  this guy thrives on making enemies and then blaming everyone but himself for that . 
  yeah and russia would probably be wary of starting something directly against the west since it would probably bring nato in this if it was n't already . 
  yeah . 
  and even if nato does not step against one of its member for some reason eu treaties contain a military alliance too so turkey would face every eu militaries . 
  turkey knows that though so i think they will flex their muscles and play tough but they wo n't do shit . 
  i probably would be on the netherland side . 
  it would seem like a big overreaction from turkey . 
  also i think we should stick together as europeans . 
  lyon vs saint etienne, 
  i understand where both sides are coming from . 
  i understand that the netherlands may not want foreign elected officials coming to make campaign for domestic affairs in their country , especially to campaign on such a controversial thing . 
  i also support the freedom of reunion . 
  i think they should be able to come but not as elected officials and just as citizens and nl should not make anything to make their visit easier or harder like for any other citizen . 
  we should let countries be what they want as long as they do n't threaten world peace . 
  if their people want another form of government it 's up to them to overthrow the government like we did in our time . 
  in france some companies out source customer service to algeria , marocco or other french speaking african countries . 
  i used to work for orange customer service ( in france ) and they were pretty difficult to work with because they were paid like shit and therefore did not care ( which i kind of understand , you get what you pay for ) . 
  when i had a particularly awful and rude customer i would sometimes tell them to please hold while i redirected them to the call center in charge of their file ( which was 100 % bs ) and would redirect them to a north african call center where i knew they would have the most frustrating customer service experience , speaking to a guy who was 100 % not involved in treating their issue , would put them on hold for 10 minutes with the shitty music from hell while they go get a coffee and make no effort whatsoever as they just drag on the conversations indefinitly so it looked like they were working . 
  it was petty as fuck but it sure felt good . 
  what my fellow french citizen is pointing out is that shit tastes like shit . 
  whether it 's right shit or left shit has no importance making your question kind of moot in my opinion . 
  gib gold plox, 
  yeah , i edited my comment with the most common legitimitate claimants to the throne . 
  well ... 
  they have been ... [ taken out of the picture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6cake3bwny ) . 
  we still have a few heirs depending on your type of royalism : if you follow '' [ l\u00e9gitimisme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimists ) '' the rightful heir to the throne of france is [ some spanish guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_alphonse,_duke_of_anjou ) . 
  if you follow '' [ orl\u00e9anisme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orl%c3%a9anist ) '' the rightful heir to the throne of france is [ some old dude who looks like he eats human meat on a regular baiss ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henri_d%27orl%c3%a9ans,_count_of_paris ) . 
  if you follow `` bonapartisme '' then the rightful heir to the throne of france is [ jean-christophe , prince napol\u00e9on ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean-christophe,_prince_napol%c3%a9on ) . 
  it is worth noting that most bonapartists embraced republicanism and generally their views are pretty much exactly those of de gaulle which would be souverainism , distrust of parliamentarism and parties , importance of direct democracy . 
  as a highly centralized , unified country our `` r\u00e9gions '' are pretty secondary to the central state and certainly have not the amount of power and independence that us states have . 
  hard to know and , to be honest , pretty irrelevant today . 
  most germans were not born yet at the time . 
  let bygones be bygones . 
  the two oss 117 movies are real comedy gems . 
  jean dujardin plays a secret agent serving french interests in the 60 's . 
  thing is he is super ignorant , arrogant , mysogynistic and very cocky . 
  the first movies follows him in a mission in cairo against a sect of radical islamists and the second has him hunt down an ex-nazi in south america . 
  both are very well-made james bond parodies and jean dujardin is just awesome in these movies . 
  i also like intimate enemies , which is a war movie about french colonial war in algeria . 
  it is kind of depressing but it is very well made and has great historical value as it presents a pretty balanced point of view on this controversial conflict . 
  nope, 
  i really like both honestly . 
  well , it describes uk politics in the 1990 's so sure the issues may be old but it still is interesting . 
  i am currently watching house of cards uk . 
  this series sure loves its posh english . 
  may we never be featured on / r/all . 
  i hereby decree that it shall from now on be used in english . 
  we do n't really do the `` v instead of w '' thing as `` w '' is a common sound in french too . 
  it 's more a dutch or german thing to me . 
  quality imitation nevertheless !, 
  depends . 
  for most opinions as long as you are not too obnoxious people will probably be okey with you talking about it from time to time . 
  far right extremists are obviously a particular case . 
  german people do like to obey rules . 
  i would assume it would mean `` jump down a deadly height ( bridge , cliff , whatever ) '' where the deadly height part is implied . 
  i like `` va jouer sur l'autoroute '' ( go play on the freeway ) too but it is just me . 
  yeah that too . 
  it is short for `` cas social '' which means `` social case '' . 
  with time it has become a more general insult for someone useless , poorly educated , bad mannered and/or idiotic but it is still used in its first meaning a lot . 
  i drank with my mates on weekends , not really with my family . 
  no , we always drank tap water while eating and wine on big occasions . 
  we drink a lot of it in france . 
  it is especially popular in brittany and normandy but it is consumed pretty much everywhere . 
  all france also gorges on it along with cr\u00eapes during chandeleur ( wikipedia says it 's called candlemas in english ) . 
  apart from what has been cited we currently have a pretty good biathlon team, 
  fencing duels used to be huge .
