  the french president of the republic has great power . 
  our regime is very executive oriented . 
  executive power is shared between the president and the prime minister but when both are from the same party it pretty much means president holds all the executive power . 
  no , i generally passed in front of a very bored looking officer who looked at my passport for three seconds and went on with the next person in line . 
  i do n't even remember one talking to me . 
  i totally disagree with your choices but it 's just my opinion . 
  swiss people treat us like anyone would treat other people coming in and competing unfairly over wages , so mainly a nuisance . 
  a lot of belgian think we are condescending pricks and they are not totally wrong ( we are not pricks as such but a lot of people go to belgium to party hard and it tends to encourage prick behaviors ) . 
  quebec i probably could agree with but it 's not a country ( yet ) . 
  objectively i would say : germany : they double as competitors and we do n't have much in common culturally but our interests very often align and this fact is only bound to increase in the future if ue continues the way it is . 
  we also have many links in terms of trade and agreements . 
  italy : our cultures and philosophy are insanely close and intertwined . 
  they are also latin brothers . 
  scotland : because these guys are awesome unlike their shitty roommates . 
  there are just so many historical links between scotland and france that i think we should create our own uk with just scotland , france , hookers and blackjack . 
  us used to be in there too and probably should still be but i often feel like they have their own hidden agenda which may or may not converge with our own in the future . 
  also their culture and philosophy of life is kind of alien to me . 
  i do like the us though but less than the three countries i cited . 
  in france some caf\u00e9s do that because they can not fraud taxes with cards while it 's very doable with cash so they either do n't get the machines ( if they are in a tourist area it can totally work ) or pretend the machine does not work today . 
  there are no muslims or christians in france , there are only french citizens with religious beliefs . 
  any party dealing with religion would de facto be anti-french and divisive . 
  putin 's power lies on his image as a strong leader . 
  he has to act strong at any time , whether it 's followed by any actual action or not . 
  apart for the mont saint michel , camembert and cider , d-day rememberance tours is one of the big reasons to go visit this region . 
  you can still see some of the german bunkers overlooking the beaches . 
  it is very touching to imagine the perfect field of fire they had covering the whole beaches , it 's very hard to imagine some allied soldiers actually made it past the beaches alive , yet somehow they did . 
  really makes you appreciate the relative peace we have been enjoying in most of the west since then . 
  bonus for you : https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/589fmq/la_normandie_le_jour_du_d%c3%a9barquement_et_aujourdhui/, 
  i really like the memorial museum of caen . 
  it 's an entire museum dedicated to the allied landing in normandy . 
  http://normandy.memorial-caen.com/the-museum the is also the great bunker of ouistreham , a museum situated in a big german bunker that was an artillery hq for germans . 
  this museum is dedicated to the atlantic wall and to the landings as well . 
  while you are at it you can go and have a walk on the landing beaches nearby . 
  curryketchup is great but mayo has a special place in my heart . 
  i believe the hairy women / people who do n't bath stereotype comes from the fact that when us troops landed french people had been severaly rationed on many basic products , including most hygiene products for about four years . 
  french people had a set weekly ration of soap and things like that and the more the war went , the stricter the rationing got . 
  the rest was taken by german army for their troops . 
  coming from a land of plenty that did not know such rationing a lot of us soldiers just concluded that it was fashionable for women to be hairy and that people just did not bath a lot here and brought that stereotype home with them . 
  it 's what i always heard anyway , i do n't know if it is actually the truth . 
  the stereotype in france is mainly about ~ ~ french ~ ~ belgian fries . 
  * we are not just obsessed with our own food . 
  we are obsessed about any food from anywhere . 
  * we do n't strike because we are lazy or like to complain . 
  we strike because we know if we do n't fight for our rights they will be taken away forever . 
  no one is responsible to uphold your rights except yourself and certainly not the politicians you elect . 
  he probably ripped you off because you were a foreigner . 
  whether i planned on tipping in the first place or not there is no way i am going to tip someone demanding a tip from me outside of a country where it is required . 
  if you are an actual female solo you should be okey . 
  just make sure you shoot first and stay away from carbonite . 
  always france in civ and always scotland in crusader kings ( i like to unite scotland and ireland and conquer england ) . 
  it 's done by some . 
  most often the elderly . 
  it is very far from being done by all or even most catholics . 
  my grandma has one over the bed in her house . 
  as children my brother and i would take it and put in the drawer of the bedside table when we slept there . 
  i associate jesus on the wall with elderly people to be honest . 
  never seen someone under 60 with one . 
  edit : no need to downvote me because your own experience is different . 
  sharing our different experiences is the point of this type of topics . 
  i think you guys are part of the west . 
  you may have been fucked by communism economically but you will recover in time . 
  i prefer the [ ukrainian version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrjj-11x2yq ), 
  mitchell and webb always have a revelant skit . 
  that would be captain roma and his travelling secret hq . 
  my own favorite [ british superheroes ] ( http://gamingtrend.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/53-620x350.jpg ) . 
  you already have [ the best superhero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxrzznw9djk ), 
  french arabs versus english arabs . 
  that will be something !, 
  i really like [ intimate enemies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seopppnhdwi ) , it is a great war flick which makes a good job at showing the immoral methods used by both sides in this conflict . 
  yeah , jeunet 's world is kind of twisted and dark . 
  amelie is super unusually light hearted for him . 
  `` l'inspecteur des travaux finis '' ( the inspector of finished works ) is a mock title used for people who come up after everything is done and comments on how you should have done it instead . 
  [ la classe am\u00e9ricaine ] ( https://youtu.be/qjdw0oqgx1c ) is a huge meme reservoir too . 
  british people still had the choice . 
  german nazis killed a whole lot of germans too . 
  they see immigrants as the enemy and the pro-immigration liberals as traitors . 
  sure . 
  once again , if we believe wikileaks [ there were other things too ] ( https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/12900 ) . 
  pedos and child killers apart i would say sarkozy for politicians . 
  his adventure in lybia is part of the reasons for the migrant crisis and participated in destabilizing the middle and if the hillary mail leak is to believed the reasons to go were dubious to say the least . 
  that and his general pettiness and temper tantrums . 
  the guy is just a huge dick without any redeeming quality . 
  for celebrities i would say cyril hanouna . 
  the guy has a very popular talk show where he routinely humiliates the other commentators working with him in his show and they can just shut up because their careers pretty much rely on him . 
  he pretends it 's just good humour and it 's just `` playing along '' and `` having fun '' but it 's just hazing and humiliation broadcasted on tv and he ca n't be attacked since the stupidest part of the population is strongly behind him and he gets very good figures . 
  edit : i forgot he made a referendum but did not like the answer so he just went and ignored it . 
  who the fuck does that ? 
  never been to strip club in my life . 
  in france it is kind of a shameful thing to do as it generally implies that you are pretty desperate . 
  i do n't think they are tipped though , they have their own incomes paid by their boss which is the norm in france for every job . 
  it 's not up to customers to pay people , it 's the job of the company to do that . 
  no sugar , a dash of whiskey in it and with a good blowjob . 
  italy . 
  they like good cheese , they like good wine and they have great landscapes and culture . 
  except arminius actually succeded . 
   marie curie you are going to trigger a few polish people here . 
  she asked and got loans in a russian bank , to my knowledge no money has been given away . 
  i am no pro-fn but if you are going to criticize them criticize them you have to do it properly because they use any inaccuracy to claim they are oppressed . 
  he is simplifying but that 's basically what happens and his scenario is very close to reality . 
  why do n't you give yours ?
