  m\u00e9lenchon on the other hand is extremely strong in debates and you can see that he literally delights in it , that 's what he thrives on and people generally avoid attacking him because he is very good at deadly comebacks . 
  also m\u00e9lenchon did not have to attack le pen too much since poutou was already going for her throat her every chance he got ( he is at 0,5 % so nothing to lose ) so he had the chance to focus more on looking serious and appeased and it made him more convincing to people who do n't usually like his `` cagefighter '' style . 
  that being said it is true that internet is often pro-m\u00e9lenchon . 
  when they are in a group of one hundred guys ready to fight it is insanely hard , you ca n't just send a couple of yellow jackets to go and rip the niqab off the guy 's face . 
  you would have to send the riot police in the middle of the stadium and for what ? 
  also gathering low value coins and taping it into a dangerous projectile . 
  british press always seem like they try to appeal to man 's lowest instincts that 's really weird and slightly disgusting . 
  honestly it is always hard to say . 
  some people may have talked against it but we are many french lurkers making our own decisions . 
  we were not against it honestly . 
  i personally gave a lot of pixels trying to make spain and italy into this but some people on / r/france had made anti-vandalism scripts and i guess they did not follow the discussions closely to update their scripts so as soon as you placed a green pixel it was immediatly replaced . 
   i was reading about it , based a comment someone made here , and it looks quite wealthy for the geographical context . 
  12 times the gdp of an island next to it . 
  which is not really telling since madagascar is one of the poorest place in a continent that is generally pretty poor . 
  yeah , life is hard for oversea territories . 
  they tend to be pretty isolated and it is hard to help them develop . 
  please mate , do n't do that . 
  you are going to ruin every bit of fun we are having . 
  i never thought i would say that to an american one day but you are overthinking this . 
  those who stray from the pack get mauled and eaten . 
  yeah , i do nazi it either . 
  i think it was just a lot of misunderstandings . 
  do n't worry polan , we love you . 
  the fact to restrict access to a shop based on discrimination , yes . 
  of course those are not entirely comparable . 
  it just reminds of the time when jews were banned from public parks and from some shops . 
  so true . 
  if i were to go to turkey and see that i would definitly go to another hotel . 
  fuck these guys . 
  and not come back ? 
   b ) if some immigrant that probably [ does n't speak your language or at least does n't speak it as well as you do , does n't know how your country functions , also probably does n't even know anyone ] can get the job in your country easier than you can , dude ... something is broken there , and it 's not the immigrant . 
  when you take your political analysis from louis c.k there is something broken , yeah . 
  i agree with you on the rest though . 
  it 's just so easy , why did no one think about it before ? 
  you are just so much smarter !, 
  it may seem nice from a german point of view but it is a big problem for everyone else and it makes discontent grow everywhere in europe . 
  the main problem with eu in one map : germany crushes everyone else with its trade balance and then buys nothing in return . 
   i 'm just finishing work , so i 'll only leave one small remark : well , nato are vying to get the eastern bloc into the club , are n't they ? 
  namely ukraine , for obvious reasons . 
  nato was negociating with ukraine to bring them into nato , yes . 
  and had putin done the same no one would have had problem with it . 
  instead putin just attacked ukraine without real reason and annexed part of it to russian federation after a sham referendum . 
   well , nor are nato in all fairness , and from a russian perspective , us troops forming a line in the eastern bloc might well be regarded as some small act of aggression . 
  i am sure it is seen this way and that 's exactly the point : to show him we wo n't let ourselves be bullied . 
  it is threatening but not an agression since they are in our own borders . 
  maybe it will change one day but for now at least , and without any consideration of good or evil , the us is not planning any landgrab in europe while putin does want to expand in europe ( ukraine and ossetia are good examples ) . 
  as a result we roll with nato , not because they are good or evil but because they are objectively the best choice for us . 
  nato ( and the us ) want eu as a strong trading and political partner to counter russia and china . 
  putin wants to destroy eu because he sees us as an obstacle to his power . 
  it 's just a big game of chess basically and generally countries side with those which benefit them . 
   i was n't aware that this actually infringed on any person or group 's rights . 
  if you can provide more info that 'd be great , if not i 'll have to look into it after work freedom of press is extremely limited / inexistant . 
  political opposition is sent to jail under frivolous motives and people talking against him are mysteriously or not mysteriously killed . 
  if you want some more precise reading material : https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-press/2016/russia https://rsf.org/en/russia https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2016/country-chapters/russia, 
  i clarified that somewhere else . 
  when i say they are anti-american i mean they dislike us influence in the eu ( and the rest of the world ) . 
  as trump wants to lessen the us presence in the eu they do like trump and marine did say in the past that she would have voted trump if she was a us citizen . 
  basically they are against the very interventionist policy the us has been conducting for decades , they do n't `` hate '' the us out of principle and they definitly agree with trump on a lot of things , including the relationship with russia . 
  the short version is that he is not hiding his expansionist views and he is actively working behind the scene to divide eu because he knows it will make it easier to achieve his expansionist views . 
  the us shares our interest in a strong european union while putin 's interests is in a divided , easy to subdue europe so the us stands alone . 
  let 's say that even if you put aside the fact that putin is basically a totalitarian leader who wipes his ass with human rights , his interests clash radically with ours and therefore that makes him an adversary for now . 
  maybe it will change but i do n't have much hope of that . 
  in the meantime we will stick with people who share common interests with us ( regardless of whether they are good or evil people ) , not because it 's morale or good or anything but because it is in our interest . 
  nothing to do with bogeymans , it 's just about what is in our interest and what is not . 
  putin is not . 
  okey to clarify they are against us influence in europe . 
  as trump is against us in europe too they agree with him . 
  i was just giving a comparison to make you understand why some people like her . 
  i know it 's the not exactly the same . 
  sure , and i assume the rest of world a haven of tolerance , respect and humility ? 
  we may not be perfect but we are still among the more progressive people humanity has right now so i guess we will have to make do with us . 
  you are not offending me , those are not my opinions . 
  the problem is that the way they see it , the us and multiculturalist policies are the bigger evil and the `` goodness '' is to get closer to russia and to return to traditionalist values . 
  `` better the devil you know than the devil you do n't '', 
  or there are more important things to them like what they perceive as a moral decay as well as what they perceive as muslim invasions . 
  for the same reason some turks want erdogan : because he projects an image of strength and plays on fears and bigotry . 
  because trump wants the us to be pals with russia , dismantle eu and stop intervening in europe . 
  all of these things are seen as desirable by the fn . 
  her fanbase is anti-eu and anti-american . 
  they do n't mind her being pal with putin , in fact they welcome it . 
  she never tried to hide anything and in a way that 's the worrying thing . 
  it would probably be exactly the same . 
  people all say they wo n't go fight when in a time of peace . 
  in the end pretty much everyone goes . 
  peer pressure is a bitch . 
  that 's not what he wants . 
  he wants to create an enemy so he can claim to unite the turks against said enemy . 
  it is a very old strategy and it works well most of the time . 
  hell , the star wars prequels show how it works admirably : palpatine manipulates the trade federation to ally with discontent planets so they try and secede from the republic . 
  all the while palpatine publicly denounces them and tells everyone that those planets are irresponsible and play a dangerous game . 
  the enemy is created . 
  he manages to get named at the highest position by being the head of the anti-secessionist movement from the start ( easy since he basically created them ) , then he makes sure the secessionists start getting increasingly violent ( or just create false flag incidents ) and refuse any negociation ( like at the start of episode i when he orders the trade federation to kill the jedis coming to negociate ) . 
  as outrage against the secessionists grow he can recruit enough support to get him emergency powers to manage this crisis that he created from scratch and so everyone unite behind him . 
  he is then free to silence everyone that contradicts him as traitors ( like he did with the jedis ) . 
  we are the secessionist systems and his referendum is him asking the galactic senate to give him emergency powers that would make him the new ottoman emperor . 
  as for him warning us , we are not the actual targets , it is just so he is seen and warning us repeatedly . 
  it both cements the fact that we are the bad guys and that he is trying to be reasonable in the mind of his supporters . 
  that 's why it does not make sense to us , it just does not have to . 
  if we do n't react he will continue to make up shit , if we react he will have ammunition to tell his people `` see , they keep provoking us and want to start a fight , unfortunatly i will need more power if we are to defend ourselves against them '' . 
   if people are willing to democratically vote against democracy then it 's not that much of a problem with the ruler ( ` leader ' ) than with the people .
