  also when people do not speak another language their ear is not exercized to fill in the blanks when they hear sounds they are not used to and will often have a hard time understanding . 
  it assumes that i am supposed to speak english for your convenience despite you coming to my country . 
  it makes me feel like i am an employee in a france-themed theme park and that my job is to help you . 
  acknowledge that english is not an official language of this country and that if i speak english with you it is to be nice , not because i have to . 
  and honestly it 's like one simple sentence to learn i do n't think it is too much to ask . 
  it is the same difference between taking 10 $ directly in the pocket of your friend and tell him you took some money and will give it back and asking him if he can lend you this money . 
  even if you know he will accept to lend you this money without problem , just taking it from his pocket is not super polite and he is a friend , i am not though i am a total stranger that owes you nothing . 
  you are being downvoted for thinking spain invented the concept of carnival . 
  carnival is a tradition in many countries and has been for centuries in pretty much all of them . 
  macron 's problem is that his voters are very indecise , contrary to le pen 's . 
  if he continues saying stupid shit and telling everyone what they want to hear he could lose half his voters in a matter of days . 
  mate , it 's nothing special . 
  you really sound like you discovered something extraordinary . 
  it is very common in most countries for parties which are ideologically close to conclude alliances to beat a potentially stronger candidate . 
  saying there will be alliances in french ( or in a lot of countries ' ) elections is like saying that the sun is going to rise again after the night . 
  it 's just stating the obvious . 
  it is a common phenomena in french politics , houellebecq did not invent it he just observed it . 
  he is a good writer though . 
  worthless online polls are worthless . 
  my point is that if you are regularly harassed by muslims ( which is the case for gays when they live in poor districts ) your security may seem more important to you than , say , gay marriage . 
  getting fired for being gay or expelled from your house is already very much illegal and even if they get to power i doubt they will make that legal . 
  as a result some may have the temptation to vote for the ones who talk about more police in the streets , with more power and who talk against immigration from countries where homophobia is common . 
  this is not stupid , this is a conscious choice of abandoning things like gay marriage in favour of potentially being safer when walking in the streets with your partner and given the proper conditions you may have done this choice too . 
  i know i could have anyway . 
  my point in the end is that i do n't blame them . 
  i blame the successive governments who did not act more against homophobia and left some neighborhoods to rot , leaving immigrants among themselves in districts so they had no chance to mix up and assimilate into our culture and values . 
   you 're narrative would make sense if muslims and far rights were both running for power . 
  but no , only one group is doing it you are clearly not understand the state of mind of people voting for far right . 
  they basically think we are slowly being invaded and colonized and anyone not actively trying to stop that is the enemy . 
  a number of religious muslims happily demonstrated against it , rubbing shoulder with fascists and cathos like they were best pals forever when the law was being voted . 
  if out of ten times you are harassed nine times by muslims and one time by right-wingers , you will be tempted to think that muslims are consistently homophobic while only a fringe of right-wingers are . 
  this is not stupid . 
  it just means different people have different experiences and draw conclusions from their experiences and their experiences only . 
  it 's a `` damned if she does , damned if she does n't '' kind of deal . 
  doing that is going to content a part of her electorate and piss off another . 
  all in all she must have made the maths and concluded it was better to piss off the gays and content the cathos . 
  we really need binational memes . 
  yeah it is pretty fashionable at the moment here . 
  every restaurant does its own french twist . 
  to clarify it was probably how you interacted with them 60 years ago . 
  nowadays it is the best way to not be served . 
  depends on how much rat poison you want in your coffee . 
  it 's just that calling a waiter `` gar\u00e7on '' is incredibly condescending and rude . 
  what the hell is a french hot dog ? 
  on the falklands topic it would be more a way to trigger argentinians . 
  after all they are the ones who had their assed kicked last time . 
  `` american wines are better '' . 
  well i would just say they compliment american gastronomy admirably . 
  hey do n't badmouth us , we are perfectly able to train terrorists too !, 
  come have a beer , first round is on me !, 
  yeah i often have a doubt on their methodology but this one was one of the worst . 
  they are entertaining though . 
  my favorite part is when the woman tells the story behind the urban myth honestly . 
  they should stick to the easy to reproduce ones such as the one where he water skies behind a row boat . 
  i think it is an urban legend . 
  yep , we could still always go further . 
  i sure hope french army will join your initiative . 
  we can either wait decades that eu starts a eu army or we can just start it from the bottom . 
  [ romania be like ] ( https://youtu.be/sipa4_dlukk?t=2m1s ), 
  yeah , it 's like a dealer giving free doses to keep people hooked and then complaining about the cost of the free doses saying he is being ripped off . 
  trump is not great at long term thinking . 
  french far right does not care about trump being a great businessman . 
  they support him because he is anti-immigration and pro-russia . 
  donald trump being a businessman may have some influence in the us but french people probably wo n't care . 
  in france it would be kind of a drawback actually . 
  philippot is more than a token gay though , he is number two and is known for having huge influence on marine . 
  paris had a gay mayor for years and no one really seemed to care much about him being gay . 
  at least this one we did not steal !, 
  thanks , i was undecided yet you totally convinced me , random croatian poster . 
  absolutly . 
  indeed . 
  absence of evidence does not mean it did not happen , it just means it has either not been done or it has been done but well enough to not leave evidences . 
  thanks for that . 
  that 's what i was interesting in knowing . 
  that makes sense . 
  do we know anything about givi or motorola not being docile or is it speculation ? 
  i am not trying to deny anything , mind you . 
  i realize that whether the kremlin is involved or not we probably wo n't have any real evidence of anything ever . 
  i am just trying to understand as i have not followed this conflict closely lately . 
  that 's what i want to know , on what matter did they disagree on ? 
  why do some people seem to think the russian offed him ? 
  can someone eli5 ? 
  fuck these assholes !, 
  i do n't really like him but i guess he is a lesser evil . 
  i sure prefer him to mlp . 
  the logic is more `` yeah maybe some things are off about her but then a lot of things are off with the other guys and they still have been hogging power for 40 years , it 's time for a change '' . 
  maybe but you are an intelligent creature able to deduce things from context . 
  it seems pretty obvious that mlp 's yearly salary is not 7000 $ / year . 
  most of us are non native english speakers speaking english here for practical reasons , you got to try and meet us midway . 
  yeah we saw that with terrorist attacks . 
  after them the army was basically overwhelmed with applicants . 
  last i checked he did slap him . 
  valls should be relieved that we stopped cutting the heads of assholes like him . 
  no they should not . 
  integrating is solely the responsability of the one arriving and it should not be any other way . 
  no but they still may share common interests on some issues, 
  not necessarily we have a motive and the means . 
  when you know the importance of lobbies in us politics it is actually pretty possible . 
  maybe i am a conspiracy nutter or something but i sometimes wonder if the us public sector does not fuck up everything on purpose just to entertain this weird belief you guys have that private sector always do everything better . 
  i mean that and obamacare are pretty good exemples .
