  i had an uncle who was in the colonial infantry too but he does not talk a lot about it , i just know that he fought the whole war . 
  dress shirt , jeans and stan smith . 
  add a sweater over the dress shirt when it 's cold . 
  varies a lot . 
  i eat pasta pretty regularly . 
  among my favourite pasta recipes would be garlic / olive oil / parmesan and pesto . 
  i also like to make them in gratin with a goat cheese sauce . 
  i am pretty chill generally . 
  i really dislike unpolite people though . 
  no idea , it depends i guess . 
  i generlly do n't plan on seeing the person again but it 's the standard way to say goodbye in france . 
  apart from that i do n't generally say a lot of things that i do n't mean . 
  procrastination yeah definitly . 
  thing is i am pretty lazy but i work very well under pressure so i tend to postpone things until the last minute before i do them . 
  i know it 's a risky way to do things and i should just plan ahead more but i just did not find a way to educate me to work in another way and it always worked well for me so i guess it 's the way i work . 
  yeah . 
  `` capote '' is a military term to talk about bad weather coats . 
  nowadays everyone just says capote though . 
  no one adds the `` english '' . 
  she is not young enough to drink in the us but will be allowed to drink there , just make sure she does it responsibly . 
  apart from the scammers people already warned you about she should be absolutly fine . 
  just a general remark : avoid starting your question with an assertion , unless you back it up with something at least resembling a source . 
  it makes your question look like a loaded question and it reflects badly on you . 
   i do n't really get this one . 
  what does the english reference add ? 
  does it mean something different if you just say condom ? 
  no , it means exactly the same and most people just say condom . 
  coverage varies , basically the less vital a treatment , the less it will typically be reimbursed . 
  having a private insurance allows you to improve this coverage . 
  it costs me about 35 $ / month . 
   does your country have universal healthcare ? 
  great . 
  love it . 
  tremendous system . 
  it 's the best , everyone says it . 
   is it single payer ? 
  yep  how much does it cost you per month ? 
  it is pretty hard to say . 
  it is paid partly on your salary and partly by your employer . 
   what do you like and dislike about it ? 
  i like that i never had to worry about my health or whether i would be able to cure myself if i ever get seriously sick . 
  it 's just something i spend zero second worrying about . 
  the `` carte vitale '' is a nice touch too . 
  it is a chip card you give your doctor as you pay and you are reimbursed pretty much instantly . 
  same for pharmacy and hospitals . 
  i do n't see anything i dislike really . 
   do you have a doctor shortage ? 
  in rural areas yeah , otherwise not very much , no . 
   does it have enough government funding or too much ( unsustainable ) ? 
  it depends what presidential candidate you ask to be honest . 
  what kind of tastes do you like in wines typically ? 
  it 's hard to give advices without knowing what your tastes are . 
  we do n't really one that comes back but it would be something like pierre dupont , paul durand or something like that . 
  hahahahaha i did not realize how ambiguous my comment was . 
  yeah guys , it 's totally sfw , just a guy eating a hamburger . 
  or is it ? 
  yeah i agree . 
  i would have lumped them with the `` conservative '' part of her electorate probably as `` tough on crime '' tends to be a conservative talk point . 
  yeah i should have mentioned them too . 
  you are most welcome, 
  my favourite would probably be the sassy black guy eating five guys : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z1krfww5ee `` dayum ! '', 
  i recently laughed at the remix of a tv show about phobias . 
  there was this girl who had the phobia of cockroaches and at some point the host asks if she is willing to try and confront herself to her phobia and she said `` i have not come here to suffer , okey ? '', 
  in a weird voice and it rapidly achieved meme status and you now see it everywhere on french speaking internet . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in1yxtwbhfc ( english subs available ) paul taylor 's video about the french elections is pretty funny too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lc3awhqxify i also like the guy making useless robots for everything : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb903-efkrm kilian experience 's nonsensical videos about various videogames always get me : [ the problems with battlefield 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgxwraixge8 ) [ garbage retrospective on warcraft ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1j2bmpe7l0 ) [ winning at hearts of iron playing as new zealand ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2sxzscz0pq ), 
  i see you obey your robot overlords . 
  your submission has been noted and will be rewarded in time . 
  what do you mean `` so far in the french elections '' ? 
  her party has been part of every french election since its creation in 1972 . 
  concerning her position in the polls it 's pretty normal , she occupies a niche with very dedicated voters . 
  we have an election in two rounds though so having a dedicated core of fan will bring your to round two but wo n't win the elections unless you can garner the support of the voters of other parties and le pen is not good at that at all as a majority of non-fn voters would prefer to die than vote for her . 
  so all in all she is not among the favourites at all , even if her numbers may seem big in the polls you need to balance them with the fact that non far right parties ( from center right to far left ) would annihilate her in pretty much every case in second round . 
  as for why some people vote for her there are different reasons : * some are indeed racist idiots . 
  fn has traditionally been the party of skinheads and various degenerate groups ( think our kkk equivalent ) . 
  they represent a small number comparatively but they are very dedicated and rarely abstain . 
  * some are very conservative or religious tradtionalists who would do n't like gay marriage , abortion . 
  some would like a referendum to reestablish death penalty too . 
  le pen is pretty much the only one talking about those . 
  * some are desperate people who have been getting shafted hard by globalization and they vote for her `` smart protectionism '' ( her words , not mine ) economic programme . 
  they saw their factories leaving in favour of china or eastern europe and they think leaving eu and putting heavy tariffs on imported good will stop that . 
  * some are people who have been repeatedly cuckolded by other parties and just go `` fuck it , let 's try le pen , i do n't see how she could be worse than the other idiots we have been voting in office for decades '' . 
  * some do n't like eu or like putin . 
   as an ignorant american do n't self-deprecate mate , i am sure you are a great guy . 
  pretty much anything i want . 
  my favorites are burgers and punjabi but i occasionally order baos ( chinese steam cooked buns ) , sushis or korean ( bimbimbap is my favourite ) . 
  i do n't generally order pizzas as i have a nice pizza place just at the corner so i just go and get them there , they are very unexpensive compared to big pizza franchises and delicious . 
  stromae is n't really house music , it 's more like electronic hip hop . 
  you do n't listen to tatu , you watch tatu . 
  i do n't say anything , i do n't have any divination powers but i did not even have a chance to vote . 
  i just say let 's at least try to wait for first round post-vote poll to jump to conclusions . 
  i saw you on / r/france yeah . 
  you talked for an hour with the local moron and assumed everyone was like that . 
  take a step back and at least give us the chance to start voting before judging a whole country on some polls and a couple or reddit threads . 
  the comments are not terribly encouraging so far . 
  i guess i 'll just wo n't go vote if le pen is already president for everyone . 
  i would not want to disappoint . 
  they were great . 
  beautiful , well maintained and the rangers do a tremendous job . 
  some of them just look like another planet altogether . 
  i feel like a lot of tourists in the us focus on the cities and do n't get me wrong they are interesting but your nature is just breathtaking .
