  man , you ca n't just say something like that and just not give the name of the chain in question . 
  honestly ? 
  none in particular . 
  meatballs are found in so many countries that i have a hard time associating it to anyone in particular . 
  sure , ikea meatballs are pretty well-known now but my grandma already cooked me meatballs when i was a child and she is not swedish or italian . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i live in a fairly big city so all the time . 
  apart from the immigration we also have french oversee territories which are home to native black populations so seeing black people in france is pretty common . 
  `` sergeant we are nearly out of fries !, 
  - reorder at will , private !, 
  we have to win this ! '', 
  it is a restaurant chain which serves one unique dish . 
  the menu is a big piece of tender sirloin and delicious fries you can reorder at will . 
  what is particularly known in those is their famous sauce loosely based on [ beurre ma\u00eetre d'h\u00f4tel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beurre_ma%c3%aetre_d%27h%c3%b4tel ) . 
  it basically allows you to stuff your mouth with great quality products for 19 $ . 
  yeah , we have [ big fernand ] ( http://bigfernand.com/en/quality ) in france too . 
  their burgers are much better than those made by the american companies we have ( macdonald 's , burger king and kfc ) . 
  he is seen as controversial . 
  his wrongdoings have been greatly exagerated by his adversaries after his death and his good sides have been completly ignored . 
  he probably was used by the actual tyrants of the revolution as a scapegoat after he actually tried to stop their atrocities . 
  excellent organizer and logistician , kind of charismatic and took good care of his men . 
  he is credited with the victory in verdun but other generals credit it mainly to nivelle and said that p\u00e9tain 's pessimism made him not decisive and too safe . 
  he had the reputation of not taking enough risks when nivelle took too much . 
  all in all he was a good general , maybe even a great one but i am not sure he deserved the `` living legend '' status given to him but i guess heroes are good for morale . 
  god , you really made me crave for a good roasted camembert . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with sparkling water . 
  just accept that most europeans walking in the streets just want to be left alone 90 % of the time . 
  it is not meant to be rude , we are just culturally very much on the coconut side while in my experience a lot of asian and us people tend to be peaches . 
  add to that the fact that they probably have been harassed all day by locals and they are probably even more shut down than usual . 
  yeah of course it would be weird to seen someone like that for no reason . 
  but for example humorists sometimes do it and it is totally okey while it would not be tolerated in the us . 
  eg : [ palmashow parodying maitres gims ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afiinirfmrm ), 
  counter question if you allow me : what are the chances of trump being impeached if these accusations are founded ? 
  yeah black face does not have the meaning in europe and you should not feel offended by it . 
  please note that in europe owning a car is not really a symbol of status like in the us . 
  in most sizable cities owning a car is not only superfluous but a real bother and a lot of people who could easily own a car just do n't when public transportation is so good and finding parking spaces so hard . 
  i personally own a car and i just do n't use it that much , maybe once a month and i probably could use it zero times a month without much problems . 
  as for the cost of living paris is pretty high but the rest of france is generally alright . 
  i live in lyon and you can get 50m \u00b2 for around 600-650 $ a month . 
  i am not an identitarian myself so i could not really answer that precisely sorry . 
  i do remember a guy saying that bosniaks were basically those who submitted to the ottoman invader and converted , equating them to those who collaborated with the nazis during occupation of france . 
  please note that it is not my opinion and that i do n't know how widespread this opinion is among them . 
  racist people mainly care about muslims though at the moment . 
  they do n't really care much about blacks if at all . 
  most of the time it is a cultural thing more than a race thing . 
  they see muslims as invaders while blacks can as well be from french oversee territories and therefore wo n't generally be seen as a threat by the identitarian crowd . 
  so yeah basically op will be fine . 
  as for the language , you can go by with only a few basic sentences in most cities . 
  in rural france it probably wo n't work as well as few people will be able to answer you in english . 
  lyon is full of sovereignists , royalists , identitarians and fundamentalist catholics . 
  i will let you guess . 
  scotland . 
  `` in every combat where for five centuries the destiny of france was at stake , there were always men of scotland to fight side by side with men of france , and what frenchmen feel is that no people has ever been more generous than yours with its friendship . '', 
  - charles de gaulle - michael scott, 
  he said ruled , did not say we would be able to participate in their elections , it would be too easy . 
  i was thinking more as a `` puppet-government '' thing or a protectorate . 
  like 60 % of / r/france , probably for a left party called front de gauche . 
  they look like they want to change things for the better instead of just continuing the exact same neoliberal policies than the government before . 
  some do but it is frowned upon in france . 
  france is traditionally universalist but not multicultural . 
  it means people from abroad are welcome to join and bring something to french culture but ultimately there is only one culture in france and it is french culture and making your life as a separate culture on french territory is not seen in a good light at all . 
  i grew up in the somme , location of the battle of the somme . 
  you still very much see the shell holes in some places and farmers still find bones and unexploded ammo nearly 100 years later . 
  hate this french stereotype , it 's absolutly not true . 
   \u00dcllar j\u00f6rberg - kutse tantsule the combination of the moustache and his dance moves really makes this video amazing for some reason . 
  kudos to the glorious mullet of the other one but maybe she could try and watch the road when she drives !, 
  you mean the time when politically correct had not been invented yet ? 
  top for most racially insensitive video : [ lagaff - la zoubida ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54ye868-llw ) - i actually cringe hard at this one , i just can no longer watch the video entirely when i thought it was so funny as a kid . 
  top for worst case of shameless exploitation of a child : [ jordy - dur dur ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iilz0dvdwu ) - you get bonus point if you can listen to the song for more than 30 secondes . 
  i think it 's superstition . 
  like asian people afraid to die if they sleep with a fan on in the room or us not opening an umbrella indoor . 
  we just say wraps . 
  yeah , i do n't really like merkel but at least she behaves like a head of state . 
  he behaves like a salty ten years old . 
  sad !, 
  if you remember the f1 had a few flaws , one of them being that it was not compatible with standard nato ss109 ammo , requiring steel casings ammo instead . 
  a lot of gun owners look for guns they can easily find the ammo for , which is understandable . 
  also iirc there was a limitation on foreign assault rifle imports in the us at the time . 
   there are n't any semi-auto versions available to the civilian market some were made but very few . 
   shame though , it 's such a cool rifle if you do n't mind the design . 
  yeah , watched a few videos of people shooting it and it seems really cool to shoot . 
  i guess i will have to join the legion !, 
  shot them a few times in the past and i loved it . 
  i am considering joining a shooting club in the future so i can do it regularly . 
  i would love to shoot and maybe own a famas but that 's probably not going to happen . 
  haha czechoslovmania . 
  the day czech pop music gets really popular , we already know how the period in question will be called . 
  you mix irresponsible people and criminals . 
  irresponsible people are the idiots you meet everyday . 
  the colleague who believes in conspiracy theories , the guy who thinks drunk driving is cool , the moron who likes to start fights as soon as he downed a couple , etc. . . those people wo n't get a gun if there is gun control , they just do n't have the connections to get illegal guns . 
  they are just regular idiots . 
  the criminals on the other hand will get gun illegally , that 's true . 
  that was not my point though , i was strictly talking about the idiots . 
  and in my opinion idiots are potentially more dangerous than criminals . 
  on one hand i am pretty pro-gun in general . 
  i think that 's bullshit that we ca n't have guns for our personal defense if we want them . 
  on the other hand , i know that i am a very responsible person . 
  i also know that it 's not the case of everyone at all . 
  so all in all i am on the fence but i would be more on the `` i do n't agree '' side . 
  edit : downvotes for respectfully giving my opinion on a post asking for opinions ?
