  you should look into ryanair or easyjet too they can sometimes be cheaper than train . 
  it 's definitly a cool movie but it 's not among my top 3 . 
  of course he did . 
  / u/factsdomatter would never even dream of stating facts he did not verify himself 100 % through rigorous scientific process . 
  i live in lyon so a lot of people who live within the city do n't own a car at all because it is pretty much useless here . 
  i do own a shitty old twingo and i sometimes think about ditching it since i rarely use it . 
  the cars i see on a daily basis look recent but i have no idea what year they are from , i do n't know how i can know the year of a car to be honest , is there any easy way to know that ? 
  you seem like you instantly know the year of any car you pass which is probably not the case of a lot of people here . 
  there are no problems of integration that i know of . 
  the biggest community ( even though there are no communities in france but the french , of course ! ), 
  would probably the martiniquais from french carribean and they are french and no one considers them anything else . 
  they have always been french and will probably always will be . 
  they have had french education for centuries and are seen as as legitimate as any person from mainland . 
  their culture is seen as a regional one , like the culture of brittany or corsica for example . 
  we really should go and upvote his posts . 
  maybe it would bring some happiness in his life . 
  luxembourg , if you do n't know why just ask juncker . 
  yeah , they just do n't seem to be able to wrap their heads about the fact we do n't have the same goals and work differently . 
  they just judge us through us politics and culture which gives a completly warped perception of europe . 
  so far it 's been nothing but civil . 
  i played it quite a bit in high school / college as it made for very cheap evenings . 
  you would rent a table for a few euros an hour which we would share between the players and even adding a few beers it would still cost us less thant 15 $ for the whole evening . 
  we played the standard basic version and we would play pretty poorly but it was still good fun . 
  i would not say it is super popular but it is common among young people who do n't have lots of money to put into their evenings . 
  gendarmerie are generally seen as okey people and are often appreciated . 
  they mostly operate in rural areas . 
  police nationale ( nation wide police ) are the ones you see the most in france generally . 
  they have the stereotype of being dumb and needlessly provocative . 
  that being said any interaction i ever had with the police nationale was professional and courteous . 
  police municipale ( city police ) are generally as people who failed the police nationale exam so not the brightest people . 
  that being said it is far from always being the case , police nationale exam is a national one which means that if you got it your affectation can be anywhere in france and rookies are often given the jobs no one want ( shitty places ) while police municipale is an exam which let you find your own job so people who do n't want to move to another city will often go for this exam . 
  they are still generally seen as less skilled which can or can not be true , i honestly do n't have enough of an insight to tell . 
  i consider myself an agnostic : i just do n't know . 
  i think it is extremely unlikely that there is a higher being but extremely unlikely means it is technically possible . 
  i feel like the other explanations of the universe are way way more convincing . 
  i believe if there is indeed a higher power i would not consider myself to be of any relevance to a being that actually created the universe and even if i was i would expect him to be way above petty things like expecting people to worship him . 
  i am not sure someone who would actually not only ask but demand people worship him would be worthy to be worshipped honestly . 
  considering my view toward organized religion , i think they were initially invented to give people a moral rulebook everyone would agree on in a particular region of the world . 
  as such they definitly were useful at the time . 
  nowadays , well they are still around so i guess they are useful to some people but i just do n't see it . 
  i am a bit uneasy about any organization who tells you what you should or should not believe to be honest , especially when most religious people just inherited the religion of their parents most of the time . 
  if i believed in a higher power i would just believe what i want without being any part of a religion . 
  yeah i know . 
  in france cyclists are dicks so i always go out of my way to be a dick to them too . 
  would not do that elsewhere though . 
  take luxembourg and base your economy on stealing money from your neighbors , no one will give you shit anyway since your former prime minister is the guy in charge of fighting tax evasion in the eu . 
  cool , i do this all the time in france . 
  here are a few chosen pictures from my trip in the south west in 2009 i specifically chose them because they meet a stereotype or another : http://imgur.com/a/rzlki more seriously , i loved every second of it . 
  the people were really friendly and the national parks ( we wanted to focus on the nps since we are into hiking ) are gorgeous and very well kept . 
  we did n't really have any expectation honestly , we did the big touristy things but we also made sure to also go in other more remote places and even there the people were really nice . 
  i would not say i feel european on a day to day basis . 
  but if you put me in a room with someone from the us , someone from asia and someone from another european nation i will definitly feel more kinship towards the european person . 
  the only way to develop genuine relationships in my opinion . 
  i do , yeah . 
  i do n't actually want to raze paris though . 
  i would just like to see more power and capital distributed among the region instead of having a central power who knows nothing of local questions decide of everything . 
  some may disagree with me but here goes ( not in any order of preference , it 's three movies that i love ) : * [ l'ennemi intime ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0825248/ ) : a great war drama on the french algerian war . 
  i think it does a great job at showing the absolut mess this war was and the poor way we lead this conflict , not on the military side ( we had brought back algerian territory pretty much completly under control by the end of the war ) but on the political and pr side through the widespread use of torture and terror tactics in retaliation for the fln 's tortures and terror tactics . 
  * [ la haine ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113247/ ) : a great movie about the french `` cit\u00e9s '' , the poor neighborhoods where we stacked immigrants in 1960 's and that we then completly forgot since . 
  the movie follows three friends from a cit\u00e9 around paris . 
  * [ oss 117 : le caire nid d'espion ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0464913/ ) , [ oss 117 : rio ne r\u00e9pond plus ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1167660/ ) : probably my two favorite french comedies with [ le d\u00eener de cons ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119038/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 ) . 
  the oss movies follow the adventure of oss 117 , france 's top secret agent during the 60 's / 70 's . 
  his legendary status is completly undeserved though as the guy is actually an idiot and an insufferable prick who only manages to complete his mission by chance . 
  jean dujardin is absolutly fantastic in this . 
  i do n't know what the translations would be worth though . 
  hard to choose three really . 
  raze paris . 
  i am not criticizing loans i am criticizing loan culture . 
  everyone uses loans to buy estate or other useful things . 
  yeah i think this system is needlessly wasteful too and probably not good for the planet either . 
  but hey it makes a few people super rich and the american dream is contracting loans so you can have a car you ca n't afford to show off to your neighbor right ? 
  now i want the goatmen to come dance at my funeral . 
  everyone in debt means they consume . 
  that 's the reason why the us system pushes loans so much ( credit score you have to build up etc. . . ) , so people can consume more than they are able to . 
  adding bonjour at the start of the sentence takes less than a second ... 
  one thing i consistently notice in far right skinheads groups everywhere is that they apparently could n't choose a jeans cut that fit their morphologies if their lives depended on it . 
  he is sporting his famous hands necklace on these statues ? 
  well , we recently had a demonstration that our democratic failsafes are indeed working , which is pretty nice . 
  i have slippers for when i am barefoot . 
  `` do you have any permanent brain damage ? '', 
  shops employees have the right to demand respect too . 
  i hate when people mix `` i am paid to help you '' and `` i am paid to be your slave and lick your boots '' . 
  it 's seriously shitty . 
  the guy doing that has obviously no grasp of history and should probably turn to playing cod on twitch rather than talk about a topic he obviously know nothing about . 
  only thing i agree with is that the brits are the worst people on earth . 
  if you ask trump : https://youtu.be/fznie7s_iik?t=22s if you ask an actual european : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5swtspft2ls, 
  i second this motion, 
  yeah obviously . 
  just like it is obvious in france that people using `` chocolatine '' are traitors to the nation and that those who use `` petit pain '' are edgy rebel who only deserve indifference . 
  `` well ... fuck me that 's a nice car . 
  \\ - * sigh * okey ... * unzips pant * '', 
  it 's pretty weird in france too . 
  i would guess it 's quite a common tradition in most european countries . 
  damn , this milk thing sounds like the `` pain au chocolat '' vs `` chocolatine '' vs `` petit pain '' civil war we have in france . 
  i absolutly the passive agressive `` bonjour '' when someone forgets . 
  it generally goes like this : - do you have this top on size l ? 
  - bonjour ( smiling ) - so , do you ? 
  - bonjour ( not smiling as much ) - well , then ? 
  - bonjour ( not smiling at all ), 
  we also generally avoid licking the floor so that 's okey .
