  * far right euroskeptics, 
  newly elected very pro-eu president macron just got a yuuuge majority in parliament . 
  it 's not a bad system in itself . 
  it makes it easier for the newly elected president to get a majority , allowing him to actually pass laws in parliament without a hostile majority shutting him down every chance they get . 
  in some cases when a politician not part of his party supported him he agreed to not put an `` official '' en marche candidate to leave the way free for the person in question . 
  for example manuel valls who is a shithead that everyone hates , macron could not accept him in his party when he defected from ps because they hate each other guts but valls supported macron pretty early in the presidential elections so macron did not give him the `` official '' macron label but agreed to not present any candidate against him with the expectations that he would support the majority without being officially part of it . 
  it is a case by case thing . 
  macron is pretty far from syriza . 
  he is very liberal economically . 
  a lot of macron 's deputies ( about 52 % ) are not professionals of politics so they probably wo n't mind reforming the status of career politicians as much . 
   an armed police officer all police in france is armed . 
  and also because of his personal guard being made up of the biggest , meanest looking guys the french had . 
  funny , in french i would be very likely to say `` about thirty centimeters '' . 
  i like to call my dick `` double decimeter '' but that 's just me . 
  we know , it 's widely exagerated . 
  it 's a joke on names from some countries that contain a number of consonants that is seen as unusually high in most countries . 
  strength through unity , unity through faith . 
  england prevail !, 
  i doubt isis has this level of centralization . 
  i think they just give vague orders and let their guys do whatever they want / can . 
  the officer has been lightly injured at the neck . 
  the assailant got shot in the legs and is currently in hospital . 
  in some sectors ( coders come to mind ) it is indeed that easy . 
  in some others there are just not enough jobs for everyone and that 's not just a problem of inciting employers to hire through various means . 
  if france is so shitty no one is keeping you , you know . 
  that 's what happens when you cut on worker 's right though . 
  the employer - employee relationship is , by nature , very much in favour of the employer ( the employee needs a job to eat and pay rent , the employer can just find another employee ) , labour laws are meant to correct that so the relationship is somewhat more balanced . 
  the second you go too far while reforming labour so that they are too `` flexible '' you end up with employees who can effectively just shup up and accept whatever the employer wants . 
  slavery may be a tad too much but in practice at this point there is very little your employer can not ask of you when he just can fire you on a whim and you depend on him keeping you to feed your family . 
  he talks about the fact wealth inequalities are growing in france and you answer that they are among the highest in the world . 
  he is talking about the trend , not the current situation . 
  those are two very different things . 
  please show the intellectual rigor you ask of others , this is the absolut least you can do . 
   the most equal contries in europe are countries like germany [ nope , exactly the opposite actually . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/23/wealth-gap-inequality-germany-higher-study ) you keep insulting people but it does a shitty job at hiding the fact that your own comments are extremely lackluster in terms of facts and argumentation . 
  you are right . 
  the problem is that the politicians can force reforms on us but we ca n't force reforms on them . 
  somehow though it is always the working class ' role to make the sacrifices . 
  i am sure we will be able to find one for you , little princess . 
  they do n't want to kill us all they want people to freak out and retaliate against european muslims so they can then recruit among them more easily . 
  they are trying to kill people sure but killing us is not an end , it is a mean . 
  i have a full set of [ triple karmeliet glasses somewhere ] ( https://www.latelierdesbieres.fr/1660-thickbox_default/verre-biere-belge-karmeliet-33-cl.jpg ) they are just too good looking for drunk me to pass on . 
  a couple hundred people a year is the most damage they can ? 
  sharks probably make more victims than them in europe and we spend 99 % of our time on land . 
  sounds like bataclan again . 
  several teams attacking nightlife places . 
  i truly hope you wo n't have as many casualties . 
  he was n't though . 
  he told her he had a crush on her at 15 and she obviously declined because he was a student and too young . 
  he then came back to her at 19 when he had finished high school and asked her out and only then did she accept . 
  judge all you want but they never did anything illegal and therefore i do n't give a fuck as long as they are happy . 
  you can hurt a country a lot in 8 years . 
  i am not an obama man ( i was kind of annoyed by all the circlejerk about him being so cool tbh ) but obama understood that a big part of why the us is so powerful ( apart from military power ) was also because of its great soft power and ability to influence and garner support . 
  trump is losing all that very fast and the us are making great strides towards total isolation as most of its historical allies get driven away by trump 's nonsensical foreign policy . 
  the us were strongly isolationnists before and during ww1 and it was the time the us was the less powerful and influencial in its history . 
  they wrote it hastily on a piece of paper in the middle of a crowd . 
  you would probably not do better . 
  i know i would n't . 
  the uniforms are pretty neat if you ask me ... 
  sure except getting it right past infancy is extremely hard . 
  i have yet to meet an italian person pronuncing french `` on '' or `` an '' sounds properly and i met a lot of italians with some being very proficient in french . 
  it is a sound they did not learn to make as children as it does not exist in italian . 
  i am sure it is possible to learn with time but honestly i understand them completly fine without it so unless they would want people to actually think they are french this is completly useless . 
  also the `` th '' . 
  this sound does not exist at all in french so we have to either pronunce it like a `` s '' or a `` f '' most of the time . 
  apparently macron is a `` s '' type french person . 
  the goal is so the widow has access to the advantages of being married to his departed so . 
  it is not so much cute as pragmatic . 
  haha yeah . 
  and those are not always the most well behaved of tourists . 
  sorry for that . 
  good , it will make some rooms in our prisons . 
   they are easier deployed . 
  when the american president deploys marines he is risking american lives . 
  not so much if have a foreign legion . 
  their lives are n't worth that much . 
  not true anymore at all . 
  they are deployed as easily as any other unit and are not seen as expendable at all . 
  french units ( and i assume it happens in most armies of the world ) are rotated regularly to keep morale good , it means whatever the unit they never stay for too long abroad and that includes ffl . 
  what power ? 
  they just do n't have a fraction of what is needed to impose anything on anyone . 
  all they have is a few guys happy to blow themselves up for the cause , you can terrorize people with that but you wo n't form a government with that and you certainly wo n't successfully occupy any powerful country . 
  they are trying to recruit moderate muslims by making the far right rise so they are persecuted in our countries . 
  even loonies like them know they wo n't conquer shit when they are not even able to face iraqi army and kurdish militias at the same time . 
  no one ever conquered anything through terrorist attacks . 
  terrorist attacks are meant to terrorize and stop us from thinking rationally . 
  shit . 
  ariana grande is a singer for teenagers , right ? 
  if this is terrorism it is a new low for cowardice . 
  my grandma still inserts random sentences in corsican when telling a story in french but it 's generally because the dialogue itself happened in corsican and she does not feel like translating it . 
  indeed , and the king of france knew that contrary to the genoans he had the means to retake it by force from the rebels . 
  it was their language at the time , it would have been weird to write it in something else . 
  corsican people actually seceded from genoa before being sold . 
  at the moment when they sold it genoa no longer controlled corsica except maybe on paper . 
  the corsican had even already written a constitution . 
  my toilet bowl is not very pretty to look at, 
  damn , you are putting a lot on my shoulders . 
  i think the important word here is `` relative '' . 
  he does not say france is completly irrelevant , just that it may not have reached its full potential in last decades or so . 
  that 's the way i understand it anyway .
