  it does not have an actual name so it is called `` millieu corse '' in france and `` unione corse '' by us law enforcement as an umbrella term . 
  it used to be extremely prominent in heroin trade between france and the us in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  even though the families in charge at that time have been disbanded or killed , there are still families today since destroying one just sees another one appear . 
  nowadays they are mainly active in corsica , marseilles and paris ( which has a sizable corsican community ) and are mainly seen in gambling ( legal or illegal ) , prostitution and drug trade . 
  police is justified for anarchists as long as it serves society and are not just thugs serving a ruling elite . 
  not anarchy , no . 
  anarchy allows infrastructures and society . 
  it just refuses hierarchies and structures based on domination . 
  there was a lot of jews in algeria although they were a minority . 
  they mainly chose to move to france alongside the `` pieds noir '' ( french colonists ) at the independance of algeria and nowadays you still have people claiming this heritage , despite the fact that very few remain in algeria nowadays . 
  i think it was the reason for this question . 
  if looking strictly at the history the arabs are more in the wrong to me ( which does not mean israel is blameless ) . 
  they attacked the jewish colonists who started settling peacefully on the land they had bought during the rise of antisemitism and nationalisms in europe at the beginning of the 19th century and it all went downhill as more jewish settled . 
  only after the british mandate ended did israel begin to go overboard with the expulsion of arabic populations and illegal occupation of territories and at that point the arab nations around them had attacked them militarily . 
  in the end i think that `` who 's at fault '' game is never good in the long run as we saw with the versailles treaty so i believe a two state solution with the two states collaborating in a friendly fashion is the only solution that would actually work in the long run . 
  like most of the questions here , probably a showerthought . 
  as usual i lost points stupidly on the balkans . 
  i try but i never get them right somehow . 
  they are just next door for fuck sake . 
  the signal you hear is the `` no danger '' signal . 
  if something happened at that time you would have a very different signal . 
   in france , are religious symbols banned in workplaces ? 
  not with a private employer no . 
  french case law made it clear that a private employer has no right to ban visible religious symbols in the workplace . 
  if he does he has to justify that it is due to an essential requirement to the job somehow or it is discrimination . 
  only public servants with a mission of public service are required to not wear any sign of religion or political affiliation as public servants have an obligation of neutrality while they are serving the public . 
   can a muslim woman that wears hijab get a job ? 
  can she get a job ? 
  absolutly . 
  will it be a bit harder to find ? 
  yes , probably . 
  i live here and i am not worried about terrorism at all . 
  2016 was a peak and saw about 200 people killed in total over the whole year . 
  that 's infinitly lower than the 3000 people killed by car accidents . 
  if i were you i would be more wary of getting in a running car because you are more than ten times more likely to die in a car accident between the airport and your airbnb than from terrorism . 
  not necessarily but it is kind of a naive view . 
  i do n't know if you ever went to the army but one thing you learn there is that when you salute someone you salute the rank , not the person holding it . 
  with this logic donald j trump is not currently donald j trump , he is the president of the united states , one of our ally , and therefore denying him entry would not be an action against donald j trump but against a person representing the us . 
  also , more pragmatically , refusing to meet someone you disagree with means you wo n't ever be able to work out this disagreement . 
  i do think that wherever it 's from , goods that are made in places out of the paris agreement should by applied a special tariff that would be used to work towards the goals of the paris agreements . 
  hitler was evil . 
  he slaughtered people like cattle , waged war on his neighbors without provocation and indoctrinated german children to his disgusting ideology based on hatred . 
  banks are not evil , they just are in it for the money which can sometimes lead them to do evil deeds . 
  i would describe them more as `` indifferent '' than `` evil '' . 
  if being nice with the poor and helpless was the best way to get money the banks would be the greatest at being nice with the poor and helpless . 
  yeah that 's probably the most common opinion . 
  strip shirt and berets sound like harmless fun . 
  surrender monkey and white flag stereotype are generally much more mean spirited and are generally spewed by the supidest part of conservatives ( the ones who literally never leave their country ) . 
  it tends to be replaced by the `` no go zones '' / `` sharia law '' stereotype though because why not replace a stupid stereotype with another . 
  headless chicken running around . 
  she seems to just try and grasp any opportunity because she has no idea what the fuck to do . 
  that 's the way she looks like to me from abroad but i could be wrong . 
  some would argue the culture of the migrants we let in is very much revolving around waging war with each other too . 
  we ca n't really say that historically the muslim world has been much more peaceful than ours . 
  it would be the opposite actually . 
  it 's a good start . 
  you ca n't imagine how many people think we have sharia police in some areas . 
  the rare times i tip i generally scale them to the bill . 
  i know there are celebrations in normandy every year where reenactors come and parade in the streets dressed as gis or other allied soldiers . 
  went there in 2009 . 
  the strip is funny and cheesy and a great place to party but not the most interesting thing i have seen the us . 
  yeah . 
  wherever there are a lot of canals basically . 
  it 's tied to their anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15ozvztsyyw, 
  i did n't know bordeaux 's nickname !, 
  a few i can add : * the flanders capitale : lille * the little venice in the north : amiens * the imperial city : ajaccio ( birthplace of napoleon ) * the city of the popes : avignon * the capitale of the dukes of burgundy : dijon * the crowned mountain : laon * nissa la bella : nice * the privateer city : st malo ( used to be a port commonly used by privateers leaving to raid the enemies of france ), 
  you forgot scranton `` the electric city '', 
  my thoughts as well . 
  we basically did it all , the good and the bad and i really feel like it made us grow up as a society . 
  french old people still dig derrick as far as i know despite the fact that absolutly nothing of note happened in the last 200 episodes . 
  everything included so pay what is advertised and nothing more , do n't tip unless you really want to ( waiter went above and beyond what is expected of him ) . 
  i live in the third city of france so several times a day . 
  it 's because they are a disaster for environment so in france we have stronger , more durable plastic bags that you pay and then reuse for your next grocery shopping and if they are getting used you can give them back to your shop and they change them for free . 
  this way people are less tempted to throw them away in nature . 
  we have a 67m people country that is very centralized . 
  it is probably much easier to manage than a 300m + country that is the size of a small continent . 
  `` bitch '' : she is the kinky one . 
  currently in a civil pact . 
  fairly often . 
  thing is our constitution includes the declaration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen ( declaration of human rights from 1789 ) as well as all the treaties signed by france ( they are actually over the constitution in the hierarchy of laws ) . 
  so anytime there is a doubt on whether a law is conform to human rights or european treaties for example it is sent to conseil constitutionnel and it is fairly common that it is not conform . 
  the four most common answers : * non lieu : basically it 's the conseil constitutionnel saying `` sorry this question is not part of my jurisdiction '' . 
  * conformit\u00e9 ( conformity ) : the law is completly conform . 
  * conformit\u00e9 partielle ( partial conformity ) : the law could be conform with a few changes . 
  * non conformit\u00e9 totale ( total non-conformity ) : this law is absolutly not conform and should be ditched . 
  they sometimes add `` r\u00e9serves '' ( reservations ) to a `` conformit\u00e9 '' or `` conformit\u00e9 partielle '' decision . 
  it is basically a way to say `` okey we say this law is conform as is but under this particular interpretation , we do not agree with it under a different interpretation '' . 
  `` r\u00e9serves '' are basically a way to make sure their decision is understood in the spirit they want it to be understood and no other when they feel like it could be ambiguous or open to interpretation . 
  in france the government is led by the prime minister and is in charge of issuing policies by default . 
  they send a `` projet de loi '' ( law project ) to the parliament and the parliament reads it , discusses it and amends it and then it is either adopted by the parliament or not . 
  the budget is always a `` projet de loi '' , meaning it is the role of the government to draft the budget and then propose it to the parliament . 
  any congressman can also suggest a `` proposition de loi '' ( law proposal ) to the parliament and the parliament then discusses it , amends it and then either adopts it or not . 
  in practice this rarely happens because a `` proposition de loi '' can not induce a budgetary change . 
  it means that it can not cost money in any way which in practice greatly limits this right . 
  only about 15 % of laws in france come from a `` proposition de loi '' . 
  if voted , the law is sent to the president to be signed but the law can be delayed if someone wants it examined by the conseil constitutionnel ( in charge of verifying that the law is conform to the constitution ) and even cancelled altogether is the cc deems it unconstitutional . 
  once this is done the president generally signs it since the law comes from his own government in the first place . 
  that 's the goal of a parliament : to be a counter power to the president . 
  they check and discuss what the president does or wants to do and if they think it is not good for the country they block it . 
  if they just passed everything it would fail as a counter power and you could as well say that the president is an absolut monarch who does what he wishes and suppress the parliament as a political structure .
