  i am sure they will be fine . 
  i do n't know in sweden but in france blanks are not counted contrary to abstention . 
  if you want to make a statement it is therefore better to simply abstain . 
  as for starting a party , good luck with that if you do n't have a few rich sponsors and a good network in place . 
  no media will ever mention you and when they do it will just be to mention how delusional you are . 
  i love how you manage to group up anyone not agreeing with your stance on the concept of nations under the `` dumb emotional racists '' label . 
  and i suppose you see yourself as the `` smart pragmatic and open-minded '' person , right ? 
  i understand but how is the system going to change ? 
  mainstream parties only see that you vote for them and that therefore you are happy with how it all works . 
  that 's how you get stuck indefinitly into a shit system that is broken . 
  ah , the good old `` people do n't vote because they are lazy '' . 
  the most ridiculous explanation of a political phenomenon ever . 
  i ca n't believe some people actually believe this shit . 
  maybe they did not vote because they feel the system is biased from the start or that the candidates are too alike . 
  i see that in france all the time , either you vote for a pro-eu , pro-business party or you have to go communist or far-right . 
  oh and you care about workers ' rights but are not open to mass immigration ? 
  fuck you then , have fun choosing communists who care about workers or voting for far-right who care about immigration . 
  basically a lot of people do n't vote because they are not happy with the things they are being offered , saying `` you did not vote ? 
  fuck you then '' is basically saying `` vote for someone who is against your ideas so you have a right to speak up '' , that 's completly retarded and overly simplistic . 
  god i really hope you guys manage to get out and remain with us . 
  nationalism is people sharing common values being together . 
  not being nationalistic at all does not mean nationalism disappears it just means you get imposed other people 's values that do not correspond to you . 
  artificially abolishing nations is not a good way to go in my opinion and would most likely lead to more conflicts in the long run . 
  grouping up with people sharing similar worldviews and values has happened on and off for all recorded human history , it is part of humanity and it is a good thing as long as it is not pushed to extreme ( ie : as long as it is not used to bring down people of other cultures ) . 
  it 's weird to me that some people do n't understand that being part of the common market means you have to comply with most of eu legislation , including free travel and safety standards . 
  ironically uk may actually find itself with less control over those than before since being only part of the common market gives you obligation but no representatives in the eu . 
  nothing as long as it is not wrongfully used by morons for political gains . 
  you must see the situation from the eyes of eu supporters abroad . 
  uk was seen as the head of countries that actively tried to stop any progress of the eu project . 
  uk pretty much bullied the whole eu by threatening to leave repeatedly to try and get more privileges and special statuses . 
  for any pro-eu person that wanted progress it was extremely frustrating . 
  most pro-eu people are now thinking `` cool , now we can resume going forward again '' . 
  it 's a bit like when you are in school and your bully finally gets expelled from the school , a lot of people feel liberated . 
  i do n't hate uk and do n't want it punished unduly but there is going to be consequences to this choice and in my opinion we should not go out of our way to help unless it actually is a win-win deal . 
  uk as a country chose this , not us . 
  i realize it sucks for remain voters and i know a couple personally and i honestly feel bad for them but that 's just how it works . 
  more pragmatically i think it will benefit france in the long run . 
  savage !, 
  you forgot goldman sachs, 
  also known as [ paul rudd effect ] ( http://imgur.com/rlk3iwc ), 
  now i want a tikka massala . 
  thanks a lot ... 
  / r/france settled on frortie ( france + sortie ) . 
  the drop of the pound was a pretty easily foreseeable short term consequence . 
  it will only start to be a problem if it keeps going down and stays there long term . 
  it 's there , behind all the others . 
  we want them to miss us a bit . 
  farage is kind of hot , is n't he ? 
  now that 's a meme that i have not heard in a long time . 
  `` oh no , an opinion from someone who does not think like me !!!!!!!!!!!!!! '', 
  it 's a bit shit and it could definitly be more democratic but it is still our best shot at being relevant / powerful / economically strong as a continent . 
  beside that there are a lot of things in everyday life that actually work for the citizens but most of the time it remains unseen because local politicians tend to take credit for anything good done by eu and blame anything bad on eu regardless of whether eu is responsible or not . 
  this creates a lot of confusion on what is actually eu or not but this confusion is not really the eu 's fault , it 's mainly the local politician 's fault for deliberately maintaining this confusion for political gains . 
  most of what the eu does can actually be found online pretty easily . 
  in the end i would be like most `` pro-eu type '' : actually on the `` pro-eu but would definitly want changes '' side . 
  factually correct leaflets not made of sensationalistic made-up fear-mongering facts ? 
  that 's a bold strategy , remain . 
  let 's see if it pays off . 
  romania doing god 's work, 
  i know and that is a great thing . 
  damn , ukip is onto our franco-german assassination plot against the british royal family . 
  shut it down !, 
  i repeat : shut it down !, 
  mainly the hate comes from the fact you are the only immigration that ever really created problems in our country . 
  the vietnamese for example have been colonized brutally too , come from the other side of the planet , have a very different culture and religion and mostly they just create business , work and are happy to be here just like any other french person and weirdly enough racism against people of vietnamese origin is pretty much unheard of . 
  i have no doubt north african immigration will get there too eventually but it definitly takes more time than others and that can be very frustrating for everyone as it sometimes just feel like some muslims do n't want to be french despite being french as you pointed out . 
  you are partly wrong and partly right . 
  you are right that no one should have to show good faith , you are wrong to say it is useless to do it anyway . 
  believe it or not a lot of people being anti-muslim are so because of ignorance more than hatred . 
  we can regret that this kind of demonstration may be felt necessary by some muslims but it definitly can help for some people ( not all of them though obviously ) . 
  separate does not necessarily mean segregated . 
  i am not really what you would call a leftist but i see no information pointing at muslims not being able to take part in the non-muslim march and vice-versa and until i see it i will assume it was not the case . 
  if you have any source implying that anyone was forbidden to participate in these marches i would be happy to review them and adjust my stance accordingly if needed . 
  yeah and in the case of france they are totally welcome to it . 
  polish migrants ' behavior has made them indistinguishable from other french people in less than a generation . 
  i sincerely wish it will be the same with the current waves of migrants but somehow i doubt it will be the case . 
  the fact they migrated legally and not ignoring all the laws of the countries they want to reach kind of helped too . 
  same difference between welcoming someone in your house and coming home from work with someone you do n't know watching your tv on your sofa after breaking in . 
  the head of the un has an agenda . 
  dalai lama surely does too but i think i prefer his agenda . 
   if you support remain then surely the silence of european leaders is deafening at this point ? 
  and if the european leaders start massively supporting remain publicly , brexit supporters will just start saying `` see , they are all rushing to stop their milking cow from leaving '' . 
  it 's kind of damned if we do , damned if we do n't situation but i think silence is less easy to exploit for brexiters since it goes against their rethoric that eu needs uk more than uk needs eu . 
  i do n't know , i would not really feel comfortable influencing another country 's decision one way or another . 
   the country which invaded the us for their declarstion of independence , now invaded for seceding . 
  they did not invade the us , they were already there . 
  should have stopped at `` the decision is yours '' . 
  that 's all i would be comfortable saying as a foreign country . 
  hollande is hated because he wants to change our country in a way we do not agree with . 
  i am not against change but his reform is ridiculously bad and quite obviously ordered by eu . 
  sarkozy is a shit he has no more or less spine than hollande . 
  he says he will do stuff and do n't do them just like any politician . 
  sure but most of the times mps at least try to look like they align on their electorate if they want another term . 
  a mp supporting brexit while all his / her electorate is for remaining would pretty much stand no chance of being reelected . 
  he is selling his narrative to his own people . 
  this is the `` they all hate us because we refuse to submit '' narrative they have been selling to russian people for some time now . 
  making a gun is [ actually pretty easy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/improvised_firearm ) with some tools and know-how and according to witness it is either that or a ww1 weapon . 
  my uncle has a ww1 german handgun his uncle took on a dead german officer and as far i know it still works or could be made to work easily with a bit of cleaning . 
  it is completly undeclared too . 
  [ that would be funny if it were n't so sad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvvzaz8yo6o ),
