  he was not an historian or he was a very shitty one . 
  the real life situations he uses to illustrate his point have nothing to do with nazi germany 's invasion and he therefore sound terribly ignorant about the topic he tries to talk about . 
   so like many other immigrants who are seen as cheap labour ? 
  we have the same in korea with south east asian workers . 
  yeah , basically after they got their independance some came to france to work . 
   that is not good of them to do that . 
  luckily here , there is n't a lot of immigrant crime . 
  without going into excuses for bad behaviors they tend to be stuck in shitty districts no one cares about and some see dealing drugs and small time criminality as a possible way out of these districts . 
  please note that it is a stereotype though , it has some truth to it but most of them do okey and work legit jobs . 
  they were seen as cheap labour and / or young petty criminals / drug dealers . 
  he comes !, 
  yeah guys do n't go to big touristy places in august or be prepared to share your trip with half the planet . 
  i personally enjoyed roma but i went there a bit off season . 
   and if the bread has been made in the last hour and it 's still warm oh my god i 'll take that over any other food and maybe even sex . 
  that 's the trick , when i go see my baker i always ask what they did most recently and i take whatever they answer because it means you always have warm bread . 
  i can easily imagine . 
  i absolutly love tuscany ( did my erasmus there ) but breakfast food and breads are the two things that absolutly suck in tuscany ( and maybe in most of italy ) . 
  i heard it is because it is supposed to be eaten with cured meats ( tuscans are known as meat eaters ) and it is therefore to counterbalance the saltiness of the cured meat . 
  i am not entirely convinced though . 
  i am not sure whether it 's superior or not but we have pretty strict rules on what you can or can not put in your bread and we have a nice variety of bread . 
  we also have a law according to which if the bread is not made in store it can not be called a boulangerie , this law protects real old style boulangeries from the industrial competition , allowing us to still enjoy the taste of fresh bread still warm from the baker 's oven . 
  as i always say to people when i go buy a baguette i always take two : one for home and one that i eat walking back from the boulangerie because it 's just impossible to resist during the whole ten minutes it takes me to back back home . 
  i keep seeing `` german bread is the absolut best '' and so on and i am not sure if it 's serious or just a meme but if it is serious i am definitly interested in trying because i never heard of german bread before reddit . 
  d\u00e9bardeur for women and marcel for men . 
  renting the castles is how the owners keep them in good state for future generations . 
  whether it 's for a marriage or larping is the same to me , as long as it helps support the maintenance costs i am all for it . 
  eu has always been this way as far as i could remember . 
  i remember our teachers in univ telling us about how lobbyism is part of eu legislative process and trying to explain how it was good and all and it was around 2005 . 
  it 's debatable if you really want to be fair . 
  we are currently seeing the limits of capitalism where it used t obe a pretty uncontested `` best system ever '' before and we really need to start reevaluating our endgoals as societies . 
  capitalism used to work well but i think it is poorly adapted to today 's world . 
  i do n't necessarily advocate for socialism or for any particular system but i definitly think the future will probably not be capitalistic . 
  french is my mother language and i speak english and italian fluently . 
  i generally understand the general ideas in spanish if it is written or spoken not to fast . 
  op 's 2 looks like friot 's idea of [ socialization of means of production ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhg0suyoxjw ) ( i recommand to watch the whole thing even if it is quite longish to have a good idea of the whole thing - english subtitles available ) . 
  basically friot would have companies created according to needs by the state and owned and run by employees . 
  all benefits would be given back to the state and a part of it would be automatically devoted to investment . 
  all salaries would be paid by the state according to the value of the labour performed by the employee . 
  it 's too sweet for me . 
  i can drink a small glass and it 's enjoyable enough but more than that is a bit too much sugar in one go for me . 
  they probably mistook you for [ confucius ] ( https://www.biography.com/.image/t_share/mte5ndg0mdu0otmwnjg3ntaz/confucius-9254926-2-402.jpg ), 
  not necessarily linked to brexit or trump but i care much more about the environment . 
  i informed myself on the topic a bit and i am kind of astonished that it is not considered a more central issue . 
  we are basically destroying our planet , it seems more important than anything else . 
  if we damage our planet past the point of no return and make it inhospitable then unemployment , economy , trade deals , terrorism and all that will no longer have any importance whatsoever . 
  same with migration . 
  if people think it 's bad now wait to see how it is going to be when climate change will have made most of africa unlivable . 
  hell , even roma is currently experiencing a drought where they may be forced to ration water and scientists seem to agree that it will be recurring every summer and even going to worsen with time . 
  when i hear someone like trump refusing to cut on carbon emissions because `` it seems like a bad deal '' i am just beyond words at the stupidity and short-sightedness of this view . 
  it helps a lot in france too but they generally ask for a cv even if the job is already yours in my experience . 
  i do n't know why to be honest . 
  so grow my moustache , wear a mullet and an eyepatch . 
  it is generally said to tell someone they are boring as fuck though , not that they eat brains . 
  yeah , we talked with our girlfriend and in case of major zombie apocalypse we agreed that the ones who are better off are those who die within the first days . 
  i just do n't feel like spending the rest of my life scavenging from food and clean water while avoiding the raiders , slavers and zombie hordes . 
  so we would probably make ourselves a cool meal , have a couple bottles of good wine and then kill ourselves . 
  that being said i do n't think a zombie apocalypse would be possible even if such a virus existed . 
  epidemics require a lot of favourable factors to take root and i do believe that our police forces / military would make short work of the infected before it even starts getting serious . 
  pc only, 
  currently : metro last light , mad max , overwatch , heroes of the storm , a bit of wow but i just unsuscribed . 
  mandatory voting is not a solution to the problem , it is just a way to hide the problem . 
  that 's why i am personally strongly against it . 
  abstention is just a symptom of a broader problem . 
  treating abstention without treating the problem makes no sense to me and i believe that if you treat the root of the problem then the symptom will disappear by itself . 
  did he have his girlfriend / mother / grandmother / whatever she is to him dancing with him ? 
  there is no sin in being from the us or being interested in your ancestry . 
  this is a misconception . 
  what some european people are slightly annoyed about is when people use their ancestry to be a living clich\u00e9 and claiming you know everything about the country in question . 
  and i insist on the `` slightly '' in `` slightly annoyed '' . 
  this is far from a big preoccupation for anyone . 
  yeah , had met a couple of spanish who talked to me about napoleon and his betrayal like i was personally responsible , i was like `` wtf are you talking about , it was 200 years ago mate , neither of our grandfathers were born '' . 
  the thing is the only reason romanian may be disliked is because people think they are roms and had bad experiences with roms in the past . 
  no one actually has anything against romanians to my knowledge . 
  probably because of the world famous polish death camps !, 
  belgians are n't cold at all . 
  they are definitly more easy to talk to than most . 
  admittedly i only saw brussels . 
  the problem of today is not being starved of information but having too much information . 
  in practice the effects are pretty much the same . 
  you are still in the dark as you desperatly try and find out snippets of truth in the mass of conflicting information you get . 
  story of our life and the reason i never will buy battlefield 1 and probably the reason why i wo n't go see that . 
  i personally find it boring to death . 
  we do n't have many protestants , our ancestors either killed them or drove them out of france . 
  add that to a general lack of interest of french people for religious matters in general and you have french people knowing very little about protestantism in general . 
  you can definitly eat poorly in france . 
  we have shitty restaurants preying on tourists like everywhere else , especially in touristy areas like paris . 
  yeah , it 's definitly not the case in the north . 
  in the south they tend to fit the stereotype better . 
  source : lived with two sicilian flatmates during erasmus . 
  funnily enough the stereotype a lot of foreigners have of france is the stereotype french people have of paris . 
  glad you had a good time in france . 
  yeah . 
  went to a gastronomic french-asian fusion food restaurant ( i feel like the worst kind of hipster writing this ) and it was pretty cool . 
  no one likes to be stereotyped and the problem is that people deep into this tend to be very stereotypical in their views . 
  we are not obsessed , i can confidently say that the immense majority of europeans do n't really know or care what american people do with their free time . 
  what can be annoying is when people use their ancestry to be a complete clich\u00e9 of what they imagine their supposed country of origin to be . 
  eg : `` i can hold my liquor well , i am 1/16 irish ! '', 
  `` hey i know what a good pizza is better than you , i am 1/32 italian after all ! '', 
  etc etc. 
  apart from that no one cares .
