  you may face some banter but i do n't think you will face any open hostility because of an election result . 
  you seem really confused and possibly misinformed . 
  neither le pen nor trump want to do anything to the constitution or do anything antidemocratic to my knowledge . 
  lots of the policies they advocate can be considered bad or even crazy but none of these includes destroying democracy or changing constitution or you would have to give sources because that would be completly new to everyone . 
  we definitly have discrimination in europe generally it 's more against different cultures than different skin colour . 
  you may be bothered by idiots for being brown but generally it will be because they think you are a muslim or a punjabi . 
  this is discrimination and it is no less bad than the us racism but the far right in europe is more concerned about cultural identity than purity of blood or stuff like that . 
  it 's a wine sold the third of november of every year in france . 
  it is sold right after the vinification process . 
  it is celebrated in all of france by getting wasted off it while eating cheese and pork products and then spending days commenting on how it tastes like shit just like every year . 
  some tweets about it are pretty funny though : `` the guys making the beaujolais nouveau are pretty smart , they made it another colour so you do n't mistake for another toilet cleaner . '', 
  `` in order to truly appreciate the beaujolais nouvau : mix rum , sparkling water , brown sugar , mint and lime then just throw away the beaujolais . '', 
  `` the beaujolais is a bit like an ex that you call to confirm that you were right to leave her except you do it every year . '', 
  `` the beaujolais nouveau was pretty good this year , i only got blind for half an hour . '', 
  sauce : http://www.topito.com/top-tweets-beaujolais-nouveau, 
  i am on mobile but check henri d\u00e8s he is a very well known singer for kids from france, 
  not necessarily disagreeing with you or anything but i do n't understand why you are being such a jerk . 
  what do you get from it honestly ? 
  sure sometimes people may be misinformed or say things that may be wrong because they do n't know better , no need to tell them they are ignorant kids who will soon be russian or stuff like that . 
  that just seems so gratuitous . 
  are your politicians elected by tumblr ? 
  cremation and burial are both practiced and both are totally acceptable . 
  i never go to my relatives ' grave . 
  i just do n't really see the point . 
  i got my memories of them , a few pictures and that 's more meaningful to me than the marble structure where their remains are buried . 
  the way i see it when you die your body remains behind but there is no one else in it so it has no real value anymore . 
  what made me appreciate these people were their personality and character and that is just gone . 
  my stepmother works as an accountant for the bishop and is litteraly the only religious person i know . 
  the others are not strictly atheists ( atheism is negating the existence of god , to me it 's a belief ) they just ignore religion completly in their everyday lives . 
  war . 
  singing the french anthem always makes me crave for a good revolution against the ruling elite and die for freedom with a tricolore in my hand and that 's what our anthem is supposed to make you feel like : that freedom is never given , it has to be conquered and reconquered constantly . 
  / u/flyingflew does not mean `` vote for marine '' , he means we should not vote flamby or sarko at first round . 
  by cutting heads off , the french only truly french way, 
  i dislike coalitions by nature . 
  they tend to say anything and the opposite just to make sure they are as consensual as possible just like the quadripartito in italy in the 80 's / 90 's . 
  you are absolutly right . 
  which makes sarkozy less useful than a broken clock . 
  a broken clock is right one time a day . 
  sarkozy has been trying to feel for voters preoccupations and surfing shamelessly over them for years because he knows if he does not get the sweet presidential immunity there are chances he will end up in jail . 
  i happen to agree with him , i still have no doubt it 's yet another empty promise from nicolas `` the american '' sarkozy . 
  it just reeks of desperation . 
   they want the eu gone and want to return to nation states in europe . 
  yes they absolutly do , do n't misunderstand me . 
  they want to get rid of eu super government , turn back to nation states and then create more local partnership with neighboring countries . 
  as for racism yeah a lot of far right people strongly reject islam i mention it in my comment . 
  i think your just read my comment a bit fast . 
  i am french , here generally you have the left that is immigration friendly , for free healthcare , benefits for the less fortunate and for lots of rights for the workers . 
  the right is generally more about freedom of enterprise and freedom to choose whether you want healthcare or not etc. . . 
  i know that , i am from france . 
  the ideas expressed in the video are still very true and are a pretty good sum up . 
  you guys do n't like to do that the same way as everyone else , do you ? 
   because they are nationalists . 
  as in `` we are the best '' , `` screw others . 
  '' , `` we want our nation state back ! . 
   nationalists typically look down on other nations , so they reject a union with them and do n't want to give them any rights in their own country ( like freedom of movement ) . 
  your sentiments on the topic seem pretty obvious , that being said nationalism is not necessarily putting down other nations . 
  it just means you identify more to your nation , not necessarily that you feel its best or something , you just feel a bond to your nation that you do n't feel to others . 
  european nationalists groups are in constant contact with each other and have pretty close relationship with each other . 
  the main beef with eu is that they perceive that their country have lost its ability to create law as it sees fit . 
  they see that as their country being a puppet country in a way . 
  most of them are against freedom of movement over the eu but mainly because to them eu does not police enough its borders against immigration from outside europe and because , in the case of western europe , they feel like eastern europe is competing unfairly on the job market , pulling the salaries down . 
  most nationalists would probably be okey with freedom of movement if it only concerned countries with similar economies and a strong enforcement of outside borders . 
  i feel like this speech from jean marie le pen from 2008 will give you a rough idea of what they want and why they feel like ue is a failure : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kopll74hpou please note that i do n't share these ideas . 
  i just happen to know a couple guys from the far right and had the occasion to talk politics with them a couple times . 
  i personnally still believe in ue and i am not against a form of federalization but i definitly want reforms before it is done . 
  paid healthcare and education is the opposite of individualism . 
  in a right wing paradise everyone is free to pay for their own healthcare or not get healthcare altogether . 
  public healthcare is paid by taxes and taxes are pretty much imposed solidarity . 
  that 's why the right is generally called as more individualistic . 
  it 's excellent to keep extremes from power but it has the habit of degenerating into a two parties system . 
  i guess everything has drawbacks and advantage but i am fucking tired of ps / ump ping pong . 
  pierre and jean are guaranteed to be in any foreign movie that includes a french character . 
  i will make sure i light candles at any supermarket near my home !, 
  i will make sure i am more aware of my privilege next time i go grocery shopping at carrefour . 
  if hollande is pitted against le pen we may definitly be in trouble but more because hollande is incredibly impopular . 
  people of any side rallying against far right is mainly a `` let 's prevent the nazis to come to power '' than anything having to do with ideologies . 
  not very likely . 
  contrary to us elections and brexit referendum our election is in two rounds . 
  fn making it to second round happened in the past and then everyone rallies around the other guy for the second round to bar the road to fn no matter who they usually vote for and the other candidate passes . 
  trump and brexit passed because your election systems allow `` surprise elections '' since they in one round . 
  ours bears little surprise since you have a first round and then the two best results being pitted against each other . 
  of course it can always happen but it is very unlikely and our two rounds system makes sure we wo n't have a surprise election with voters bein taken by surprise like with trump or brexit . 
  they just saw the animated movie and figured it was the holy gospel . 
  every us person posting on / r/food and they will downvote you to oblivion if you disagree . 
  le pen is close to russia ( similar to trump ) so she would definitly have been at odds with hillary and barack on the matter . 
  if hillary had been elected and le pen was elected in 2017 it would have most definitly ended up with france and us disagreeing a lot more than they used to on major topics . 
  trump 's election is a game changer though and if le pen is elected in 2017 they would probably agree a lot on russia . 
  hard to say . 
  fn is trying hard to work on their image and i would say they are pretty successful in that . 
  i would say jean marie ( marine 's father , the party creator and ex-head of the party ) was definitly racist . 
  he was definitly like trump in that he liked to go all out and make ludicrous comments to force the medias to talk about him and , like trump , it gave him this image of `` the guy who do n't pussyfoots around and calls a cat a cat '' among his supporters . 
  only difference is that these comments made it so he stood basically no chance at being elected ( which was helped by french political system ) . 
  marine is pretty more tame and careful which make her more dangerous in a way . 
  she is articulate and well-spoken and much less prone to her father 's outbursts . 
  she actually kicked her father from the party for yet another one of his ramblings about the jews and since then they definitly seem at odds with each other . 
  i would say marine herself as a person is not much worse than one of the more conservative politicians from the gop while jean marie would be more like trump . 
  marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen ( marine 's niece ) is more hardline than marine on most issues and less so on others : she is against death penalty for example , preferring `` actual perpetuity '' while marine is in favor of death penalty so it 's pretty hard to give you a definitly ranking on who is more conservative . 
  fn is basically against `` the islamification of france '' and therefore for a great reduction of immigration from african and muslim countries . 
  some of them want to repell the gay marriage law , while others admit it would probably not be possible . 
  they are also for sovereignism and therefore strongly anti-eu .
