  i am not a fan of marine le pen but she never said anything hinting at her planning to overthrow democracy or anything of the sort . 
  she is very conservative and that is not how i think but like any other government there would be limits to what she could do . 
  the front national said for example that while they were and are still oppos\u00e9s to gay marriage , they did not think suppressing it would be doable now that it has been in place for years and that they saw no real way it could be done so they would not . 
  same with foreigners . 
  philippot ( the number 2 of fn ) recently said that their goal was to stop illlegal immigration but that they had nothing against people coming in france through proper channels and that nothing would change for foreigners living legally in france . 
  the medias like to sell papers by warning against the return of hitler but i fear the truth would actually be much more boring . 
  the most dangerous thing about them in my opinion is leaving ue which in my opinion would make europe completly irrelevant on the global scene leaving individual nations ready to be put under us , russian or chinese influence . 
  i do n't think ue is perfect and it definitly needs huge reforms but thinking we would be stronger by ourselves is just insanity . 
  yeah it was so weird to play metro 2033 in french . 
  loved hearing the bandits insulting me in russian during firefights . 
  it was so immersing . 
  new brussels . 
  as a defensive force i am definitly in favor . 
  it would go a great way to reassure our partners in the east that they are not alone and forgotten . 
  it should not be allowed to operate outside of eu borders though so it does not turn into us army 2.0 . 
  mainly global warming since it is destroying earth at great speed and no one seems to care . 
  also the conjoined powers of trump and putin . 
  german federalism . 
  i am so tired of paris doing all the decisions without knowing shit about the local realities . 
  yeah french administration is very much hit or miss . 
  they are improving though , they recently made this online website called mon service public which allows to do pretty much everything from home . 
  used it to register myself as a voter in the city i now live in and it took a surprising low amount of time . 
  i do n't see any problem with that, 
  shepherd 's pie is awesome comfort food, 
  heroes of the storm , mass effect 2 and a bit of overwatch currently . 
  not in a `` hitler did nothing wrong '' sense but i know quite a lot of identitarian youth from my football days . 
  they often fight with antifascists and do lots of charity in favor of `` our '' homeless people . 
  most of them seem pretty normal , generally well-dressed and polite . 
  they really did not like islam though . 
  it is the only time this system actually works : in fields were skilled employees are hard to find so employers have to make some concessions to keep the guys they need . 
  for anyone else it is just bend over and drop your pants and an all around terible idea . 
  it would be a great system if the employer and employee were on an equal footing but they are not . 
  the employee need a job to eat , the employer can just employ anyone else . 
  worst case scenario for the employee : he does not find something else fast , meaning he ca n't pay rent or afford food . 
  he finally finds something after a few weeks , he probably had to borrow money in the meantime that he now has to reimburse with interests . 
  worst case scenario for the employeer : he has trouble finding someone else and the rest of the employees have to work extra to catch up , after a few weeks he finally finds someone else . 
  someone said is was less radicalization of islam than islamisation of radicalism . 
  if you check most of the terrorists who attacked us most of them already had a radical lifestyle ( drugs , violence , crimes ) , just not a radically islamist one . 
  is took this radicalism and gave it a purpose . 
  knowing salaries is useless if you do n't compare it to the cost of living . 
  with 800 $ a month in france you are barely living and probably relying on state aid to finish the month , in other countries 800 $ allows you to live pretty comfortably . 
  costs of living are far from being uniform in europe . 
  my legs first . 
  public transport second . 
  car if i really have no other way . 
  you are right , it is time everyone realized we are past the point where we prevent our planet being fucked . 
  now we need some damage control and if some countries are not smart enough to understand that then they are part of the problem and should bear the consequences . 
  yeah it should not be out of spite but in a spirit of levelling the ground . 
  that 's what i said yes, 
  whether we want or not we are in the same boat . 
  you may not believe me but the day russia invades a eu member and eu fails to respond is the day eu dies . 
  there would be no coming back from such a breach of confidence . 
  i did not talk about preferences . 
  you are the one to introduce that . 
  when you say `` i love '' it does not mean you do n't love everything else . 
  it 's not a relationship . 
   i said i love the russian culture and history because it is interesting as fuck . 
  it does not mean i condone everything they did in history . 
  i also love italian culture and history and i speak fluently italian , it does not mean i am in love with mussolini or that i think the invasion of ethiopia was a good and morale thing to do ( not that france could give any morality lessons when it comes to colonization ) . 
  i have not had yet the opportunity to study polish culture and history in details apart from the obvious ( polish-lithuanian commonwealth , ww2 , solidarnosc ) but that does not mean i think russia should invade . 
  love the language , culture and history , dislike the current leadership . 
  charles vi was legit cray cray . 
  while on campaign he went berzerk in the middle of the night after a soldier accidentaly topples some spears nearby , waking him up . 
  he killed six men before they managed to tie him up . 
  during a masked ball , he decides with some friends to dress up as `` savages '' so he dresses in furs , covers himself in pitch to look like he is covered in mud and dances like a savage with his mates . 
  the whole group gets accidentally set on fire by a torch , only the king survives after a lady uses her dress to douse the fire . 
  also he occasionally had psychotic disorders where he suddenly believed he was made of glass , so he demanded to be transported in a cart lined with pillows so he did not break during the trip . 
  modern psychiatrists think he was probably very schyzophrenic . 
  it 's not really a meme , it is partly a fact . 
  just like the fact that france got defeated in two months . 
  the soviets did not only use that but they had no problem using it when they thought it could win the day . 
  if a fact is true it is true whatever my nationality is . 
  trying to insult me because i am french just makes you look like an ass and undermines your own credibility . 
  i never said they only won by throwing bodies at the enemy and i certainly do n't deny the courage or skill of soviet soldiers , i was just saying that their generals did not hesitate to play the number game at the start of barbarossa to stall the germans when they knew they were technologically outclassed . 
  it changed after as the conflict evolved ( and as they received more equipement from their allies ) but that 's just a fact . 
  i am not even criticizing them , they played on their strengths at a moment when they had little choice . 
  the zulus and the soviets have nothing to do . 
  zulus were warriors charging disciplined and well drilled riflemen with cowskin shields and spears . 
  they were fearless and fought like devils but ultimately they did not really stood a chance even with the number on their side . 
  the soviets were a modern nation who had access to firearms and knew how to use and deploy them against a enemy using firearms . 
  you are kind of hilarious in your bad faith . 
  if we count the victims of us backed fascist regimes in south america as direct victims of the us ( which would not be completly unfair ) then it makes all the victims of communist regimes victims of ussr too . 
  that means the khmer rouge regime , north korean regime and all the others . 
  honestly i doubt exploring this line of argument would result in anything close to a favorable issue for the point you are trying to make . 
   because when people like you talk about how good america is for the world , by world you mean `` west '' . 
  from my previous post  i am not in the us is paradise bandwagon , the us certainly do a loooot of shady things but compared to stalin ussr they are angels . 
  i am saying pretty much the opposite actually . 
  the us does do bad ( and the occasional good ) . 
  they have not genocided anyone for more than 200 years though , stalin did that as recently as 1953 . 
  i am conflicted because he has only two posts in his history , one i disagree on and the other i agree with :  tfw spanish is italian and french 's ugly sister, 
  it is a totally legit strategy , just a bit of a cold-hearted one . 
  literally hitler . 
  stalin ussr is less evil than the us ? 
  really ? 
  i am not in the us is paradise bandwagon , the us certainly do a loooot of shady things but compared to stalin ussr they are angels . 
  `` capable war leader '' and `` butcher '' being closely linked . 
  when he knew he did not have proper equipement he just threw bodies at the germans to stall them so he had time to produce / get from the us what he needed . 
  corgies are so majestic . 
  texas : guns and ribs , oil tycoons wearing cow boy hats alabama : racist people california : weed and gay people utah : weird people reciting the bible during breakfast new york : `` as an irish / italian ... '' , wall street bankers that are always in a hurry , poor neighborhoods with gangs holding their guns sideways ( last one would probably apply to los angeles too ) florida : rich old people louisiana : france with an american twist alaska : cold as fuck but gorgeous note that those are stereotypes . 
  except the utah one i did not experience them first hand since my first hand knowledge of the us is limited at best so do n't take offence if you are concerned by one of those .
