  it seems you expect an answer in particular . 
  how simple everything becomes suddenly when you make everything about racism . 
  barroso being a shady mfer ? 
  everyone is racist . 
  i do n't even know where you found that europeans did not want guterres at the un , since it 's pretty much the opposite . 
  it 's funny that you cherry picked this part of his comment and ignored completly the part about the us lying to its allies to push them into a war . 
  sure , as i said they agree on lots of things , does not mean they could not disagree on others . 
  to sum up what i said in a few words for clarity : is the fn in agreement with putin on a lot of things : absolutly . 
  would they get closer to russia than what is currently the case : probably . 
  are they planning on declaring unconditional allegiance to russia or something : no . 
  what i mean is , yeah if fn ever gets to power france will definitly get closer to russia since they agree on so many things . 
  it probably wo n't be any more than the relation we currently have with the us of partnerships on some things and disagreements on others . 
  people thinking france is going to go full authoritarian and pretty much declare allegiance to russia if fn gets to power are just completly crazy . 
   wo n't be surprised if they go as far as forbidding french as a language in france and make russian official one you are straying far into the batshit territory , mate . 
  le pen has sympathies with putin because they agree on a lot of things , putin is highly nationalist , the fn too , putin is very conservative and talks a lot about traditional family values , the fn has been doing that for as long as the fn existed , putin is wary of us influence , the fn has always been wary of us influence too . 
  they pretty much agree on everything . 
  it is just natural that they have good relations . 
  does not mean they are going to turn france over to russia if they ever get to power . 
  not anymore than we are currently subjects of the us at the moment despite the fact that the party currently in power in france is pretty pro-us ( like every party that has been in power in france since de gaulle died to be honest ) . 
  same here . 
  sometimes they just can not be understood at all and it makes the conversation pretty tedious though and it is a bit awkward since you do n't want to discourage them but do n't understand anything either . 
  but apart from that it is always nice to see someone with an interest in language learning especially when it 's mine . 
  in non floodable areas yeah most houses have them . 
  it 's rare to see them made into a `` hanging out '' space though . 
  they are mostly used as storage / pantries . 
  in remember once i was queuing with other people for an icecream and an american woman asked a local woman who had a baby with her if she could take a picture of the local woman and her baby . 
  i really cringed on this one and i know i was not the only one . 
  i do n't know why she wanted the picture of a woman she did not know at all with her baby but that was weird as fuck . 
  it 's pretty much the worst i witnessed from an american . 
  they are a bit more friendly and chatty than the regular european but not to a level that is as obnoxious as we generally picture them . 
  me too . 
  it 's pretty much my nightmare . 
  switzerland is in europe though . 
  i think you are being a bit overenthusiastic , while most europeans have travelled a bit in europe , i would not say everyone travelled outside of europe . 
  okey, 
  yeah basically , i do n't agree at all with this decision and i am definitly interested in hearing about it but i do n't really feel like it 's eu business . 
  lyon because it 's cool as fuck , strasbourg because it 's cool as fuck and amiens because i have a lot of friends and family there . 
  moli\u00e8re is so pleasant to watch at any age even in 2016 . 
  one of my favorites is `` les fourberies de scapin '' . 
  we say `` la file indienne '' too !, 
  i always loved `` ca fera \u00e7a de moins pour les boches '' ( `` this is something the krauts wo n't have '' ) when drinking wine or eating something that would have been rationed / confiscated during the war . 
  it 's kind of a thing told by grandpas but it 's still funny as fuck . 
  did the us negociate a bilateral agreement before opening up their data . 
  if not i do n't see what the problem is . 
  the us made a unilateral choice to open up their data as is their right , i do n't see why other agencies who do n't follow suit are regarded badly . 
  if i ca n't live in glorious yurop i may as well live in north korea, 
  i like beer a lot ( tripel , pale ale or indian pale ale , i do n't like weak blonds as much ) , i also like a good dry whiskey or an old rum too . 
   when you say cured i assume you mean meat that has been covered in spices or in a brine but not yet smoked or do you mean meat that is smoked after they have been cured ? 
  i meant smoked sorry . 
  saucisson is particularly popular , eaten for the aperitive . 
  peanut butter can be found but is not really commonly eaten here jam / jelly , in the morning with brioche it is pretty commonly eaten . 
  ready to eat meals : it 's pure poison most of the time and a lot of people avoid them most of the time . 
  most people eating this are either poor people , people who have no clue how to cook for themselves or sometimes to be eaten at the workplace if they do n't have a canteen or ticket restaurants . 
  cereals : mostly seen as something for kids , i still eat them sometimes but i do n't generally eat a lot in the morning . 
  common beverages : i mainly drink tap water and not much else as far as non-alcoholic drinks are concerned . 
  i have been raised in the idea that sodas are very unhealthy and should be drunk as rarely as possible . 
  condiments : i generally always have worcestershire and mustard , both are very useful as basis for various dishes . 
  i generally buy dry pasta and then cook the sauce from scratch . 
  some canned sauces are okey , pesto for example is generally very decent as long as you do n't take the budget brands . 
  for all the others sauces they are generally easy , fast and infinitly better if you cook them yourself . 
  i love cured meat , we have a lot of them especially in mountain areas . 
  meet with your friends after work , down a couple beer packs , send a couple of scouts to seek out the group of the other team , go fight them , scatter in the streets surrounding the stadium before the cops arrive , enter the stadium in small groups , watch the game , have more beers in a pub after the game , go home . 
   member states outright rejected an official european constitution , but they happily accepted its terms in the lisbon treaty after ditching the terminology and symbolism . 
  in the case of france the public rejected it and sarkozy ignored it and adopted it anyway under a slightly different name thinking the public would not notice . 
  this was an absolute disgrace . 
  you will find this opinion quite easily on reddit . 
  in real life it is a very minor opinion . 
  the reason is a lot of people are very attached to their way of doing things and they feel like a federal europe would get in the way of that ( which is pretty much obviously what would happen ) . 
  another problem is that it is very common for european politicians everywhere to take credit for anything beneficial to their career and blame eu for anything that is not . 
  this means that despite having great positive effects in our everyday lives , eu is generally vilified as an evil superpower trying to strip our rights , not unlike federal state is seen in the us among right wing people except it is not limited to right wing people . 
  i like brooklyn brewery products quite a bit . 
  blue moon is pretty good too . 
  for a cookout both should be more than adequat . 
  chilled ros\u00e9 wine is also pretty popular in france when we do barbecue , i do n't know how it is in the rest of europe though . 
  when i have to go far away in mainland france : high speed train when i have to go to corsica : plane when i have to go to another country : plane or high speed train when i have to go less than two hours from my country : car, 
  this summer spritz seemed awfully popular in france . 
  good thing since i love it . 
   you ca n't exactly revolt against an army armed with cruise missiles and armored tanks though now can you ? 
  our military has shown that if it believes it is doing the right thing under the orders of the president , that the leaders of that military will follow them blindly . 
  they believe they do the right thing abroad , would they open fire on their own population if ordered to ? 
  it 's far from certain . 
  soldiers shooting at foreign people who speak another language , share nothing with you and have been vilified in the medias for years still can have nightmares about it years after the fact . 
  imagine if they had to open fire on someone who could be their neighbor . 
  hillary is the scariest from abroad . 
  she sounds like an absolute warhawk bent on continuing the disastrous super interventionist policy of the past . 
  weirdly enough , while trump is batshit insane when it comes to domestic policies , i really like his non-interventionist stance which seems more reasonable than hillary 's . 
  it would actually let middle east fix their own problems without us intervening all the time and being hated for it and it would force eu country to get their military budget up , lowering us influence over the eu and allowing us to have a foreign policy independant of the us one . 
  basically i think trump would be great for eu integration and independance toward the us . 
  as i wo n't be affected by his batshit domestic policies but could be affected by his foreign policy i definitly prefer trump be elected . 
  if i was an american citizen though and i had to choose one ... well i would be proper screwed . 
  i really dislike both choices to be honest . 
  i wo n't talk about the others since they stand no chance of being elected . 
  cheese and wine are not really specific to france though . 
  i try to keep 21 \u00b0 c in most rooms and less in the kitchen and bedroom . 
  then no one will care . 
   in the us clashes are between races , in europe racism is more a clash of culture . 
  the way you describe yourself i do n't think you will have any problem . 
  people who are typically badly seen here are very religious people who follow their holy book to the letter and isolate themselves from the rest of us . 
  i try not to think too much about the incoming elections . 
  the thing is going to be an absolute disaster .
