  the cops shot it repeatedly . 
  we 've been pretty involved against radical islam lately . 
  bombing isis , fighting in mali , hunting them in the sahara area etc. . . 
  i still support these actions but it was obvious they would make us pay double for those . 
  it 's probably their goal . 
  more recruits for them . 
  suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive device, 
  reminds of the 14th of july 2011 when some french polynesian soldiers performed a haka in front of the little shit we had as president at the time . 
  if i recall correctly we recreated the ship lafayette took to help the american insurgents and they did the trip there in it . 
  haha . 
  great use of this expression actually . 
  we recently found a submarine . 
  you do n't happen to have lost one by chance ? 
  viva is actually spanish or italian . 
  it 's vive in france . 
  just so you know . 
  every year hundred of thousands germans in sandal and socks come rushing to your country to get some sun . 
  `` hahaha you must be so mad now , right ? '', 
  says the brit after setting himself on fire . 
  yeah we are but not for the reason you think . 
  it 's exactly the same thing , he just sugarcoats a bit . 
  we should humour every backward religious tradition to protect their feelz ? 
  of course as long as the minorities in question support it in the polls that 's totally okey . 
  it is absolutly not antisemitic except if they do it specifically to piss off the jews . 
  if you just do it because mutilating babies for no reason is wrong and you do n't want it done in your country it 's neither antisemitic nor islamophobic . 
  `` maybe we should ban the mutilation of babies . '', 
  `` you antisemitic shits . '', 
  keep it classy chief rabbi, 
  she is , she is also the ultimate opportunist . 
  her thing with sarkozy is absolutly cringe-worthy . 
  god , i hate her . 
  [ french people be like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j1fnw0l.gif ), 
  you are right . 
  it was more a discussion . 
  without figures this debate is going to stagnate . 
  most of our oversee territories are inhabited by 90 % of black people but they are totally french and have been for as many generations as you can go . 
  i think france is kind of unique in europe in the fact we have black people who are not a result of immigration . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i never really understood why we had to strive for more diversity honestly . 
  i am fine with some people of foreign descent living here as long as they assimilate but i am definitly not for encouraging them to come by the hundreds of thousands because i feel the mere fact they arrive in such big numbers allows them to not assimilate and just live among themselves and impose their own culture to their host country . 
  that 's probably what the problem was . 
  in france it is just simple a simple courtesy you can do when invited at someone 's home . 
   always funny to meet cultural differences . 
  reminds me when we got invited by german acquaintance with some friends . 
  i had bought a few flowers for the girl and she accepted but only super reluctantly . 
  i got the impression that accepting those was basically equal to cheating on her boyfriend in her mind . 
  it was weird . 
  let 's guess : because france is 70 % black people and muslims and is the only european country to have black people and muslims ? 
  would you have said it was likely that portugal won this euro cup one month ago ? 
  that 's why we keep watching this shitty sport . 
  i feel like i am kind of out of the loop , here . 
  so kind of like germans felt when we beat them , then ? 
  what exactly does platini has to do with anything ? 
  basically you keep the bottom half of the wooken box in which the camembert is sold ( the top is useless ) . 
  you take the camembert out , throw away the wrapping , cut the camembert in half horizontally . 
  cut a piece of greaseproof paper ( that paper you can put in an oven you know , not sure it 's the good term ) put the lower half of the camembert back in the wooden box with the greaseproof paper ( so it does not melt everywhere in your oven as the wooden box is hardly waterproof ) . 
  on this lower half i put garlic , rosemarino and olive oil but you can put whatever you want or even nothing if you feel like it ( in which case you do n't have to cut the camembert at all ) . 
  then just put back the upper half of the camembert on it and put it in the oven for about 20 minutes at a high but not too high temperature . 
  to make sure the camembert does not overflow you can get some toothpicks and pick the greaseproof paper so it stays up . 
  then you can either buy some good bread and dip it in the camembert or cook some oven potatoes and pour the melted camembert on it . 
  it 's ideal for a first date . 
  yeah definitly clearer on this angle . 
  both goalies were really good too , that 's true and definitly worth mentioning . 
  i used to be into groundhopping and i have seen this kind of chant pretty much everywhere i went and it was years ago . 
  sure iceland got noted for doing it during this euro but anyone who followed football a bit knows that it has been around for years . 
  i am still wondering honestly . 
  i watched the thing three times and i do n't really see any hard hit on ronaldo 's knee . 
  sure they had a contact but nothing out of the ordinary . 
  i do n't really understand how ronaldo got injured . 
  i feel like irish people will still mention henry 's hand during the 2150 world cup when henry will be dead for almost a century . 
  totally , i was rooting neither for germany nor italy ( i like both teams honestly ) and i was still fucking tense during the shootouts , ca n't imagine what it would have been for someone actually rooting hard for someone . 
  because it makes it seem like / u/mattatinternet 's is incredibly condescending and salty now . 
  so what ? 
  i totally agree with you on all points , you could see the french players where totally not in the game . 
  kudos to portugal we completly fucked up this game . 
  i do n't know if they were still tired from the game against germany or what but france was just kind of not there . 
  as i said , as long as it does not affect you directly you do n't care . 
  that 's a great outlook on life really . 
  it can last as long as the government want as long as they have enough representatives to vote it and as the representatives are scared to be held accountable if an attack happens them will vote it as long as the government wants . 
  https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichtexte.do?cidtexte=jorftext000000695350 here are the totality of powers allowed to the police under a state of emergency since apparently you are not aware of them . 
  please notice the very vague definition of who can be targeted and that there is absolutly no counter power or safety measure to make sure these rights are not abused . 
  this is what i am talking about . 
   same kind of guy who spit on police and call for them when shit hits the fan where am i spitting on the police ? 
  i am criticizing the state for giving police powers exceeding what police should be allowed to do in a western democracy . 
  i have nothing against police as an institution and as you said they are indeed useful . 
  does not mean they should be all-powerful . 
   are you fucking delusional ? 
  i was wondering the same about you , that 's a funny coincidence . 
  seriously ? 
  are you living in a cave or something ? 
  it 's more about the extreme powers the police has during this state of emergency . 
  you can have police house arrest you or your house searched without a judge overseeing that and during a state of emergency they do n't even have to justify themselves as to why they did it . 
  `` i am not being actively oppressed , so everything is fine '' . 
  you are incredibly short sighted . 
  the fact none of us have had the police tear down our doors and search our homes or put under house arrest without any judge having a say does not mean it is alright that police holds this right . 
  i am 30 years old and you can stick your condescending tone where the sun does not shine . 
  the government has used these measures several times against ecologists and protesters with absolutly no link to terrorism , proving my point in the process . 
  i know how to make the difference between fiordilatte et bufala . 
  i assure you it was bufala . 
  yeah hopefully our masters will give us back some of our basic human rights on the 26 .
