  this difference means uk is in a very weak position to impose their will , it means in return that if uk wants access to free market they will have to accept eu 's conditions . 
  as it will probably never happen because no politician in uk will be able to sell that to his electorate ( for good reasons ) it will just be hard brexit . 
   france makes a tonne of money with airbus , a worldwide famous brand of aircrafts ; thing is they nearly always use rolls royce engines which are british this is a bad example in my opinion . 
  rolls royce is not the only company making engines in the world . 
  if rolls royce is out of eu free market do you think airbus wo n't be able to find another supplier within eu ? 
  fairness . 
  norway never was in the eu so that 's a separate case but eu can not agree to a case where uk is freed from his obligations towards eu but still has any of its advantages . 
  uk is also in an extremely weak position to negociate since eu has something they need and uk does not have anything eu needs ( the uk market that is often cited would be nice but eu can definitly do without it ) . 
  same if they want to build a partnership with the us . 
  uk practically isolated itself when they voted brexit . 
  now they need to build new partnerships that they will have to negociate from a very weak position . 
  this is extremely uncomfortable for them and i would not like to be in their shoes . 
  basically `` soft brexit '' would mean that uk still has to conform to eu rules ( that 's a prerequisite to access free market ) but no longer has a voice in eu institutions . 
  i doubt brexit voters voted for that . 
  we do n't , it 's just `` frites '' in french . 
  i use your term because i am speaking your language . 
  that 's all . 
  there is no cancelling 50 . 
  if the uk want to go back now they need to start a new adhesion process . 
  this wo n't happen again as eu would only allow them to join if they accept everything they opted out before . 
  when i said soft brexit is not on the table i meant the eu wo n't ever agree to it so it is not an option at all . 
  brexit is happening whether she wants it or not and softer brexit is probably not something that is on the table since it is against the best interest of the eu and they have no reason to help uk . 
  while her sudden change of heart is troubling , she would have no interest whatsoever in doing what you say . 
  does not have to be terrible though , you have to find it yourself . 
  i was very much into scuba diving at the time and i did it at the scuba shop where i bought my gear and it was pretty fun , chatted about with professionals about scuba gear , helped them with the inventory and other basic shopkeeper things . 
  not life changing but it was a nice insight in professional life . 
  i agree . 
  i am not even sure turkey wants it all that much . 
  how do you know he is not a relevant party ? 
  his flair ? 
  it could mean anything or nothing . 
  i could switch to a german flair right now , would that make me part of the relevant party ? 
  yeah . 
  [ they like black cocks . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3b/pa2900302_galo_emiliarocha_medio.jpg/800px-pa2900302_galo_emiliarocha_medio.jpg ), 
  they are easy to slip on or off and are comfy as fuck . 
  nurses spend a lot of time on their feet and if they do n't have comfy shoes their feet hurt like hell at the end of their shift . 
  they are generally used as slippers , at the beach or by hospital staff . 
  that 's pretty much all . 
  you are the one passing judgement . 
  saying `` that 's amazing how nice they treat each other considering that they are such a misgoverned country '' is like saying `` that 's amazing how you managed to find a girlfriend considering how ugly you are '' . 
  that 's not a compliment at all . 
  yes there is a working police force in greece , no citizens do n't have to police their own country . 
   that would mean the citizens essentially just have to rely on each other to stay safe and just hope everyone plus their part ... haha . 
  it 's like they 're starting from the ground up . 
  if you do n't see how your comment is derogatory there is absolutly nothing anyone here can do for you . 
  yeah . 
  i guess it 's just a case of `` grass is always greener in the neighbor 's pasture '' . 
  you describe them like they are basically back to stone age . 
  this is as much a compliment as saying `` black people are very strong '' . 
  in a way , yeah . 
  macronists think france is inhabited by dinosaurs who refuse to embrace globalist change and that it is so much better in other countries where your boss can call you at 7am on sunday to come work or be fired because he feels like it . 
  melenchonists think france is led by corrupt ultraliberal assholes who repress every demonstration and whose only goal is to repress our civil liberties and make tax cuts for their golf pals . 
  lepenists think france is a weak country that lets himself get invaded by billions of hostile foreigners who will replace us and take over in a few years to install sharia law . 
  do n't jump on the first idiotic answer that confirms your preconcieved views ... 
  you mean the institution or the current political situation ? 
  institutions : the vth republic is not as bad as lots of people seem to think in france . 
  it could be fixed with a revision of the current constitution , no need to start from scratch in my opinion . 
  political situation : macron is an ultra liberal and i am very wary of that . 
  i would like someone more on the left who do n't want to copy the uber model of labour . 
  he also seems to be preparing a patriot act kind of thing , which i do n't like one bit . 
  basically we are taught that like most countries we have been dicks to jews for most of our history starting in middle age . 
  i do n't have a view of jews really , they are people practicing a religion in various ways . 
  some are cool , some are dicks . 
  i think it is wrong to consider that they are a unified community that think exactly alike . 
  from what i remember ( i am 31 so it 's pretty far away ) atomic bombs are mentioned but more in a way that made it sound like it was not completly unreasonable . 
  it 's not exactly seen as a good thing but more as a necessary evil done after giving the japanese fair warning and giving them a chance to surrender . 
  if i remember well the impression i got was that the japanese government were fanatics that did not care one bit about their population . 
  the holocaust is obviously taught as something awful and disgusting so yeah there are moral judgements . 
  i look distinctly mediteranean ( my family is corsican ) so i am generally mistaken for an italian or a light skinned nord african . 
  while doing my erasmus in florence it was pretty common to be asked directions by tourists in broken italian , including a few times by french people . 
  probably the battle of camerone where a company of 67 legionnaires were sent to scout an area where they expected an important french convoy to pass and found themselves ambushed by about 2000 mexican soldiers in the way . 
  after fighting off two cavalry charges they successfully retreat into a nearby hacienda , the mexican officer demands their surrender which the legionnaires refuse . 
  they end up fighting the mexicans for nine hours without food , water and few ammunitions . 
  when only four remain who are all down to fighting with bayonets , the mexican officer once again demands for their surrender . 
  the legionnaire only accept if they are given free way to treat their wounded and are free to leave with their colours and weapons to which the mexican answers `` you ca n't refuse anything to men like you '' . 
  this action allowed the convoy to pass unscathed as the mexican troops that were supposed to ambush it were busy with the legionnaires . 
  this battle is still commemorated with great respect by the foreign legion every 30 april . 
  in the legion slang , `` faire camerone '' means `` fighting teeth and nails '' . 
  algeria war would also be a great topic but there is already [ intimate enemies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seopppnhdwi ) covering the topic in a great way ( it 's a great movie , i really recommand it ) . 
  north of france too . 
  i grew up in picardy and it was pretty standard for everyone to have one . 
  yeah i got a [ friteuse ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/friteuse.jpg/800px-friteuse.jpg ) . 
  it is very common in the north of france ( where i am from ) where they make french fries regularly but discussing with other french people i realized it was less common elsewhere . 
  some uneducated muslims sometimes claim that terrorist attacks are false flag attacks to make the muslims look bad . 
  whatever helps them sleep at night i guess . 
  while not technically a joke candidate we had jean lassalle which could be considered a bit [ `` weird '' ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/14nq1vy7pudx04/giphy.gif ) but more because of his personality that makes him lovable but completly uneligible . 
  i know a few abstentionnists who voted for him at first round . 
  yep partly . 
  no , that 's flnc . 
  those are two different groups . 
   i guess what i 'm asking is ; will i get jumped by some random europeans thinking i 'm an illegal immigrant just because of the color of my skin ? 
  if it happens it will mostly concern obvious muslim middle eastern people since they are mostly the ones who have problems integrating . 
  that being said even a muslim middle eastern man would be okey pretty much everywhere , we generally refrain from jumping random people doing tourism . 
  adding to the answers you got here , this question has been asked and answered some time ago so even more answers for you !, 
  not really no . 
  it 's not that important to me , flanders still exists . 
  it is just a region that span over different countries like basque country . 
  why ? 
  [ corsican organized crime is probably the most well known in france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unione_corse ) .
