  it is if they have access to free and unrestricted information allowing them to make an enlightened choice . 
  if not then it is not . 
  you do n't have to rig the election to manipulate a vote , you can easily have the same outcome by manipulating information and sending to jail anyone contradicting you . 
  guess what , people are not able to fight until they need to . 
  that 's just logical . 
  you think people before world war 1 were more prepared than we are ? 
  no , they were farmers , teachers and accountants just like us . 
  do n't put your crazy in dick ? 
  i think hamon is lagging because the image of his party is terrible . 
  he would do a lot better if he was not from ps . 
  basically people think that no matter how sincere and good hamon would be for france his party would just sabotage him at every turn because he is too much on the left for them . 
  it 's a bit like if sanders had won the democrat primaries and the democrats sabotaged him because they always wanted hillary . 
  as someone said on twitter `` fillon embezzled tons of money and he says he has his flaws , like it 's just that he sometimes farts in bed . '', 
  hamon is great , his problem is that his party is a snake pit . 
  m\u00e9lenchon do n't want to leave the eu , he wants to reform it and in the event where it is proven that it ca n't be done for a reason or another , he wants to call for a referendum . 
  leaving eu is the main goal of le pen , she does not want to reform anything she just wants to leave . 
  melenchon wants to avoid leaving as much as possible but does not exclude the possibility . 
  it 's common to park like that in small villages where there are no specific parking spaces . 
  from a foreign point of view , berlusconi was an embarassment because he had no morals and kept collecting scandals . 
  trump just has no clue about how anything works and goes around like he is the king of the world and every country will just obey him without question , it 's just not how any of it works at all and he just does not get it . 
  are you sure bringing genocides into the argument is a good idea ? 
  you might want to think this over for a bit . 
  i guess you could say that . 
  most countries actually . 
  you can get one year in prison and 45 000 $ fine if you tamper with mail in any way in france . 
  goes up to three years if you are a public servant acting as such . 
  it 's not about integration . 
  it 's more about our own sanity . 
  trying to one-up a madman like erdogan is just not healthy . 
  let 's just be the better man and let him rage against us in his corner like a big baby . 
  that 's just the best to make him look like the fool he is . 
  let 's not start an anti-turkey circlejerk if you please . 
  we all know that what erdogan said is retarded , there is no need to escalate that especially since it is erdogan 's goal . 
  `` we are very very very dangerous ! '', 
  [ the man has a sick gangsta rap flow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axkbqw4dk-e ), 
  i totally second that . 
  the characters are pretty damn well written and nuanced for chaos space marines . 
  i am now pretty afraid of the amount of these series i have read to be honest !, 
  oh yeah , both eisenhorn and ravenor are great too . 
  the last chancers is pretty great too . 
  i just wanted to not make an overwhelming list so i just selected a few . 
  it 's not warhammer though , is it ? 
  google gave me a [ seemingly unrelated fantasy series of book ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_fortress_series ) . 
  for warhammer 40k i would recommend the [ gaunt 's ghosts series ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaunt's_ghosts ) which follow a regiment of imperial guards thrown into an imperial crusade and who have to rely only on themselves to survive when the generals leading them are either utterly corrupt or terribly incompetent . 
  the first three books of the series are pretty good , then it keeps getting better and better . 
  the characters are very good and interesting and you really grow attached to them . 
  not going to spoil or anything but they do not all survive too which i always like since you never know when one of them is going to die horribly , a bit like in games of thrones . 
  [ ciaphas cain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ciaphas_cain ) is pretty good too but it is definitly lighter in mood since the hero is a selfish coward that somehow got to living legend status among the imperial guard by accident . 
  his adventures generally revolve around him getting thrown in a terrible situation , him trying to run away / save his skin , him solving the problems by accident and everyone cheering him for being a hero . 
  for fantasy warhammer i would definitly recommend the malus darkblade series which follows a very evil hero in his quest for power and riches . 
  even by dark elves standards the guy is pure evil and selfishness and he overcomes every obstacle through violence , hatred and / or treachery . 
  i like him because he is not the stereotypical hero . 
  he is an absolute jerk and a fucking psycho but you still get attached to him . 
  i could recommend you a couple of excellent series of books if you are interested . 
  both of these candidates have a core of stubborn fans who are either deluding themselves hard ( `` they are innocent until proven guilty yadda yadda '' or `` what he did was not illegal blah blah blah '' ) or just do n't care because they think they will serve their interests ( in which case they could be proven to be puppy eating pedophile satanists and it would not make a dent in their resolve to vote for them ) . 
  in both cases their numbers may seem high but this fanatical core of voters is pretty much all they will ever get ( since all the voters who could be discouraged by their corruption are gone already ) , which is not enough to win . 
  the other non-shady candidates may have lower numbers on the paper but still have a big reserve of undecided voters that they could count on in the event of a second round against le pen since they are all seen as less controversial choices and someone undecided at this point of the campaign probably wo n't go for johnny rotten . 
  all in all , i think voters will prefer fillon to le pen in second round ( although not by far , which is worrying since it gives le pen a chance ) , any other candidate against le pen has good chances to win thanks to the fact that they are not objectively terrible people , just people with different opinions on how to run things . 
  are you a psychic ? 
  it would be a much closer deal , for sure . 
  that would be le pen 's best odds but it would still not be a done deal to me . 
  i wo n't lie , this would be pretty much the worst scenario . 
  the fn are extremely good at hearing people 's issues , it 's their solutions that are retarded . 
  the problem is these solutions are also tailor made to be simple and can very easily pass for `` good ole common sense '' to people who have suffered through 40 years of politicians completly ignoring the people who voted for them throughout their office . 
  i do n't know if you understand french but marine le pen is not trump saying outrageous bullshit all the time , she is well spoken , intelligent and knows how to sound reasonable and balanced . 
  and the reason she is seductive is because pretty much everything she says is based on actual facts . 
  she just twists them slightly and uses them to draw simple but erroneous conclusions that fit her agenda . 
  to someone who voted for other parties throughout the years and got disapointed every time , i totally understand that it may very well be convincing enough to give it a try . 
  not on feelings , they just do n't see any other option . 
  hallowed be his name, 
  not dumb , far right grows on desperation . 
  macron is the safe bet actually . 
  if you like betting against the odds go for fillon . 
  we have a two round election . 
  le pen will do good at first round and then crash at second round when people get freaked out over the possibility of her being elected . 
  actually it did . 
  the revelation of his affair made him slightly more popular . 
  basically . 
  it was created by marine 's father jean marie le pen, 
  as said elsewhere since the abolition of death penalty is in our constitution she would have to modify the constitution to bring back death penalty so she would either have to bring in 3/5 of both chambers or go for a referendum . 
  she will never get 3/5 of parliamentaries and senators to vote for that shit so her only option would be the referendum . 
  you are absolutly right . 
  civic education is just so far away and congress just happens so rarely i almost forgot it . 
  thanks . 
  congress is a specific term for us parliament iirc . 
  yeah , also it is not allowed by eu treaties , she would have to win her frexit referendum first . 
   ( i think i 've even read somewhere that she even want to reintroduce the death penalty ? ), 
  she wants to hold a referendum on it and let french people decide . 
  thanks for this comment . 
  is grillo a danger to democracy ? 
  i do n't really understand what he stands for . 
  i have only voted in local elections for years because presidentials were such a shitshow , i will definitly vote in these presidentials . 
  it is pretty obvious that fillon 's adversaries kept a few aces up their sleeves to release at the worst possible moment . 
  same for mlp . 
  they had the info and bidded their time well . 
  yeah and if he does and is pitted against mlp he has good chances of beating her . 
  fillon was extremely conservative and a lot of liberals would have abstained in a fillon / mlp match , giving mlp a chance . 
  jupp\u00e9 would be seen as a more consensual vote . 
  he has a core of hard core fans . 
  my step mother is very much involved in lr at the local level and she says sarkozy has few supporters left but they are well placed in the party machine and extremely loyal and dedicated and so for better or for worse they have to do with sarkozy 's influence whether they want it or not .
