  basically from what i got it boils down to `` anyone should celebrate their culture and country but in their own country '' . 
  contrary to popular belief these guys are against integration / assimilation as they believe no one should give up the culture and identity they are from , and that includes muslims . 
  they want you to live in their own country among people like yourself who share your identity . 
  in a way they do n't want muslim to be less muslims or to adapt to our laws and rules , they want muslims to to live in their own countries . 
  to them muslim and european cultures are just not meant to mix . 
  european cultures seems to get a pass since they seem to believe they are close enough , as long as you do n't forget who you are and where you are from . 
  like it 's okey to live and work in france if you are italian or german as long as you stay proud of your country or origin . 
  yeah could not help but smile a bit when he mentioned the fact that some people called him `` ali jupp\u00e9 '' on france inter . 
  hearing the guy make a reference to his meme was funny . 
  vs lepen most voters rally behind the other guy so yeah in this case the left would probably vote fillon even if super reluctantly, 
  voters from other parties are more likely to vote for jupp\u00e9 though since fillon is seen as more hardline . 
  fillon electorate is mainly made of well-off conservative christians . 
  jupp\u00e9 is seen as too progressive on some issues for them so it 's unlikely . 
  in the end i think jupp\u00e9 will be the candidate as he is more able to get vote from the center but who knows . 
  i am just happy sarkozy got the shaft . 
  haha . 
  my family brought me to midnight mass once when i was a lad and i fell asleep in minutes so we never went again . 
  the question is more why should we be multicultural ? 
  why do n't we force japan to get more multicultural too ? 
  it just seems like europeans are somehow forced to be multicultural for the sake of it while other countries do n't have this obligation at all . 
  for now i just do n't see what we have to win from this . 
  it 's inaccurate but i understand what he means by that . 
  they have been here for 200 years or so and have been made of immigrants only from the start . 
  the native culture nowadays pretty much does not exist anymore except in reservations , meaning the main culture in the us is a `` melting pot '' one . 
  that 's not the case in europe . 
  we have many cultures as pointed out elsewhere but most have been there for near a thousand years or more and with the right of nations to govern themselves we came to a point where each nation could finally access to their own country . 
  they have evolved with time of course but i completly understand that some people do n't want to see millions of people from a widely different culture with very different principles and rules settle there and change us . 
  i have nothing against muslim and arabic cultures , they are great cultures with a great history who gave us great scientists and thinkers . 
  it 's just not our culture and even though i have nothing against a pourcentage of them living and working in europe , i do n't want them to become a majority here just like i would not want europeans to become a majority there . 
  mainly we spend hours at the table in a drinking and eating marathon . 
  then we open the gifts at midnight on the 24th . 
  i really like snowgoons , as you say they speak english in their songs and last i checked they went to live in the us . 
  especially if you take into account the very liberal gun laws of czech republic . 
  used to play payday 2 with a czech and he showed me a few picture of his gun collection and it was pretty impressive . 
  i do n't really care what happens to my body when i am no longer in it so whatever makes my relatives feel better since the burial ritual is simply a part of grieving . 
  if you put a gun to my head though i want to be thrown into a volcano . 
  that 's a badass burial in my book . 
   france is a romantic and carefree man . 
  we are not carefree , we are chronically depressed . 
  as for romantic i do n't know maybe . 
  what is being romantic really ? 
  be attentionate with your so ? 
  enjoy sex ? 
  then we probably are but so is 90 % of the world . 
   in the series , he is shown to have a long-held rivalry with england . 
  the long-held rivalry with england is mainly a long-held rivalry england has with us . 
  nowadays few french people really care that much about rivalry with england . 
  the far right applauds brexit and everyone else thinks it is a retarded move . 
  there was some banter but that 's about it . 
   parodying the clich\u00e9 of the romantic french , france makes sometimes romantic passes at many characters . 
  but , he is appalled by the idea of forcing love or unwanted affection upon someone . 
  well everyone likes to flirt , right ? 
  is it a particularly french thing ? 
  well yeah i sure hope we are not rapey creepers . 
   france explains away his military defeats by attributing them to a joke from god . 
  is this a ww2 reference ? 
  we mostly do n't believe in god so we ca n't honestly put that on him . 
  we lost in ww2 for many reasons but i do n't think cowardice is one of those . 
  the two main reasons being that our commander in chief was retarded and a lack of political will for a part of our politicians . 
  but if i had to cite one single thing that is absolutly not french it could definitly be attributing anything to god . 
   he regards himself as the eldest brother among the european nations and is actually referred to as such by some of them , though he calls spain his elder brother in turn . 
  however , he gets very upset when another nation refers to him as an ` old man ' , as he claims he 's still young . 
  no we definitly are a old nation but that 's more a motive of pride than taken as insult . 
  if i had to make up a character i would imagine a middle age guy who still looks decent . 
  he is always brooding and complaining and telling everyone how everything was better before . 
  he is made fun of for that but he is completly right on some points . 
  yes and as a result everyone in continental europe drives on the proper side today . 
  mainly as the defender of france against the coalitions which is a bit unfair considering all the reforms he brought us ( a lot of which are still currently being used in france and other countries ) . 
  well suppress the 49-3 and allow us to recall elected officials and i would probably be okeish with the 5th as it is but i still would not like it much . 
  please do n't call it bastille day . 
  i would make a wild guess and say that isis getting ploughed like a novigrad whore kind of ruins it in terms of inspiration for martyrdom . 
  i mean dying for the caliphate , that 's pretty cool . 
  dying for a failing experiment that keeps losing on the ground , that 's pretty less cool . 
  that and counterterrorist operations probably too . 
  i heard they caught seven guys in strasbourg recently that were apparently up to something . 
  it worked for de gaulle . 
  only went downhill from there . 
  i want a strong parliament and participative democracy , i am fucking tired of the all-powerful executive . 
  the sooner the better . 
  you ask for our opinions as individual , not our country 's opinion . 
  it may if you do n't wait for things to happen and go travel a bit and if you stop dwelling on the past . 
  one huge difference : our election is in two rounds . 
  brexit and trump got elected because they took their opposition by surprise but surprises do n't exist in our elections . 
  the second she gets to second round ( and my guess is she will be ) everyone from every party will rally and vote for the other guy . 
  just imagine if trump and brexit had a second round and that 's what is most probably going to happen . 
  if sarkozy had been the candidate of the right i would have given her a fair chance to win but with fillon it 's much more dubious but who knows we may have a surprise but just keep in mind that she has to win two rounds to actually be elected so it will be twice as hard as trump or brexit . 
   `` so you like guys as well as girls ? '', 
  i do n't know , suck my dick and i 'll tell you how it was . 
  i assumed people never having heard about serbia would be american . 
  in france we have the fn which are basically very conservative and present themselves as the defender of french secularism in the face of the growing influence of islam . 
  like most far right parties in europe they want to leave eu and be chum with putin . 
  the voters are partly racists and partly people who no longer believe mainstream politicians have the answers to their problems and are desperate enough to make this gamble . 
  i would say the part of their voters that have been disappointed by the other politicians makes up a majority of their electorate today which explains why marine le pen is making her self very discreet at the moment so as not to scare people away and basically lets the other parties do the work for her . 
  she has good chances at passing the first round of the incoming elections but the fn always lost in second round in the past as everyone from all the other parties massively vote for whoever is against her in second round so the fn is not elected . 
  the rise of nationalistic populists is the direct result of the people \u00b4 s frustration with their political elite and their self serving ways . 
  people mainly turn to `` anti system candidates '' because they are desperate to see the usual guys go . 
  yeah western democracies are in some kind of crisis but not because of the people but because we are tired of seeing always the same old crooks elected year after year . 
  it was ridiculous to elect trump and even more ridiculous to demonstrate against the election result . 
  i think your election system is fucky but all in all my sentiment on individual american people did not really change . 
  i do n't think you will have problems travelling to europe .
