  i got it but apparently lots of other people do n't . 
  sad !, 
  yeah romania !, 
  no shit ? 
  i am not completly oblivious . 
  the point he is trying to make with it is still shitty alt-right propaganda . 
   i agree with you pro eu lads , germany knows what is best for europe and every country should fall in line !, 
  except literally no one is saying that . 
  you have a pretty alternative understanding of eu . 
  that 's quite a big comment you typed here . 
  i wonder how much work you could have done in the time it took you to type it . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  i believe the english equivalent is `` snake oil '' : the `` poudre de perlimpinpin '' is a remedy sold as miraculous but that actually does nothing . 
  he is basically calling her a fraud who sells simplistic and inapplicable solutions to complexe problems . 
  1 ) fight starts 2 ) france surrenders 3 ) italy switches side 4 ) draw, 
  [ absolutly !, 
  ] ( http://www.defense.gouv.fr/var/dicod/storage/images/base-de-medias/images/marine/dossiers/guyane/carte-guyane/1173138-1-fre-fr/carte-guyane.jpg ), 
  haha i was going to comment about the weird surrealistic ballets they broadcast at 2 am but you beat me to it . 
  those are sounds that do not exist in french so it 's very hard to get right for us . 
  most of us either pronunce `` that '' as `` zat '' or `` vat '' . 
  it 's funny because my sister is very clumsy and keep dropping things or doing stupid stuff because of her clumsiness ( one day she managed to spray ketchup in her own face during a meal ) so her nickname in the family is pierre richard and everytime she does something funny we all go `` hah !, 
  classic pierre richard ! '', 
   erbfeinde herb fiend yourself . 
   this has also lead to france being strongly socialist , although strangely this seems to only make their workers angrier . 
  our workers are angry because politicians keep trying to change it and give us the shaft so we have to act up to keep it the way we like . 
   they have the french foreign legion which is considered one of the most elite units of the world . 
  it 's not though . 
  they are similar in training , role and equipement to every marines unit in the world including our own infanterie de marine . 
   frenchmen always look good in a suit , like emmanuel macron and beno\u00eet hamon ( what 's your secret ? ), 
  we do n't use american cut . 
  french people are totally okey with trump not going to france . 
  it 's not comparable . 
  last i checked macron hacked no one . 
  they only did that to defend against hacking . 
  you are basically saying that if someone attacks another person and the person who is attacked defends themselves then they are both equally wrong for using violence . 
  he did not get with his wife when he was 15 . 
  he was in love with her and asked her out but she refused . 
  he came back when he was 19 and asked her out again and she gave in . 
  she apparently did not know that . 
  unlikely , she has been talking about stepping down for a while now . 
  that would make sense . 
  a sizable part of the fn like her more than the marine - philippot duet ,, 
  no , she says `` i am not going to throw the baby out with the bathwater , ( i do n't know if the idiom makes sense in english ) . '' . 
  probably because she was interviewed by the telegraph and knew it would be translated . 
  it is a french idiom saying that because the bad in a person or an event should not prevent you from considering the good parts in them . 
  bigots like that see abortion and same sex marriage as major signs of the decay of society . 
  it is very important to them because they feel like the model of society they enjoy is completly crumbling around them and it scares the shit out of them . 
  do n't try it . 
  that 's the thing i probably miss most when abroad : the frest baguette still warm from the baker 's oven . 
  i always buy two : one for home and one for the trip back from the baker . 
  funghi is italian . 
  champignons is a generic term . 
  haha that 's absolutly true . 
  [ andr\u00e9 manoukian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andr%c3%a9_manoukian ) is probably more well known among young generations though . 
  war never changes . 
  [ despite her using black magic during the debate ] ( https://imgur.com/g0hd3ap ), 
  dem feelz, 
  really ? 
  that 's honestly news to me . 
  yeah , i understand the process and of course you are right . 
  i just would appreciate if paris knocked it down a notch now that the country is formed . 
  the amount of bullshit the rest of france has to put up just because some moron in paris looked at a map for 5 minutes and felt like putting his name on a shitty territorial reform is just kind of overwhelming at times . 
   they have a nice melodic language that i will never be able to learn as one of my teacher in university said : french language is supposed to be learnt lying in bed with your french lover . 
  true . 
  most of my interviews consisted in eating orcs alive . 
  paris , imposing arbitrary rules on the rest of france since iiird century . 
  haha as a guy from picardy i definitly agree that chicon is the proper word and will forever refuse to use another . 
  this is news to me . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  never heard about . 
  not saying it does not exist but i never personally heard about of experienced that . 
   they do n't do self deprecating humour though . 
  at all . 
  do n't even know what it is funny , i sometimes feel we do that too much . 
  no one bashes france quite like french people . 
  oss 117 movies have long achieved cult status in france and they are very much ridiculing a lot of aspects of france . 
   another stereotype is that of the `` surrender monkey '' , but that 's also false - they did n't surrender because they are cowards ( we are talking about the same nation who gave us napoleon and the foreign legion , right ? ), 
  but because half the country actually agreed with the nazis . 
  the other half did the resistance it 's a bit more complicated honestly . 
  p\u00e9tain basically manipulated the government in the middle of a crisis to surrender unilateraly . 
  it was pretty much a political coup from him . 
  the reynaud government actually was in favour of fighting to the end . 
  as to agreeing with the nazis and resistance i think you overestimate things a lot . 
  during the course of the war there was maybe 10 % collaborators , 10 % resistants and 80 % of people who were just living their lives the best they could and did not really go one way or the other . 
  both the overwhelmingly collaborative and overwhelmingly resistant france are myths . 
  not saying that both did not have any impact mind you , resistance did help a lot ally war effort but the number of people actually involved one way or the other is very low . 
   tried to stop the uk entering the eu - well , i hope they are happy now i would not say we are happy . 
  funny thing is the rationale behind de gaulle 's vetoing of uk 's entrance was that he had big doubts about the `` european spirit '' of the uk and because uk kept demanding more and more special statuses . 
  basically he thought uk would never fit in . 
  we did not ignore it . 
  a lot of people voted macron as a result of them . 
  interesting detail : at the time of his arrival at his hq the european anthem was playing instead of the french one . 
  the marseillaise was then sung after the speech . 
  i think it is a strong message to our european partners . 
  we will never agree on labels , our political landscapes are pretty much impossible to compare . 
  this is the kind of thing we just have to agree to disagree on . 
  i think le pen bled voters after her ludicrous performance during the debate as well as macronleaks . 
  a lot of people , including some of her supporters , said this was not the attitude they expected from a president . 
  the few people i talked with who actually heard about the leaks ( we were in a media blackout so 90 % of french people had absolutly not heard about them ) were scandalized that fn would be willing to go so low to win . 
  seeing how her final score is much worse than what was predicted after the first round i would say she really lost a lot of people in the last week and she definitly deserved it .
