  rt.com , sputnik news , \u00e9galit\u00e9 & r\u00e9conciliation and fdesouche are all `` news '' websites with a devout following of far right people . 
  rt.com and sputnik do n't even bother pretending anymore that they are not russian propaganda outlets but their fans do n't seem to care and still religiously comment and repost any piece of bs they publish . 
  because their inventor is edouard riseur . 
  that 's pretty simple . 
  yeah that is probably the main difference . 
  the simple fact to be an approved univ seems to be enough here . 
  okey . 
  i guess us employers are somewhat different . 
  do you think it was worth it ? 
  do you have a concrete added value ? 
  i worked with people from various univs and we did literally the same things without any notable differences in the way we were treated . 
  i absolutly went to the closest one that taught what i wanted to study . 
  it has zero impact past your first successful experience and i am unsure of the impact before that . 
  i do n't recall a single interview where anyone cared where i studied , they only cared about what i studied . 
  i picked the univ that taught the matters i was interested in that was not too far from my home . 
  i did n't care then and still do n't today . 
  it just gave me a diploma so i would be allowed to slave all my life at work . 
  to me my diploma is strictly something utilitarian that i need to put bread on the table . 
  i liked student life but like many europeans i do n't generally identify with any particular community . 
  the edriseurs too . 
  it started with someone posting a picture of an unidentified object . 
  someone said it 's an edriseur ( made up word ) and made up an explanation of what it does using made up technical terms . 
  ensues dozens of posts and hundreds of comments comparing different edriseurs , asking what are the best references and so on . 
  you may be reaching quite a bit . 
  * teleports behind you * not bad , kid , you made me use 10 % of my powers . 
  i do n't know how common this opinion is but i personally think quebec accent is kind of cute on a girl . 
  it is possible for two people to disagree with none of them being wrong , especially in politics . 
  it boils down to what is important to different people . 
  some people do n't mind giving up some equality for more personal freedom . 
  some people think personal freedom is somewhat less important than equality . 
  none of these views are inherently wrong , they just depend on what is more important to you . 
  it 's like saying you prefer fish over meat and another person prefers meat over fish . 
  none of those things are wrong they are just different opinions with different consequences . 
  not really satirical as he has an actual platform and has been in parliament for years doing a decent job apparently but jean lassalle is kind of funny . 
  he has a colourful personality that makes him kind of a celebrity : he tells great stories with lots of exagerations to make his points in front of the parliament , he is an actual shepherd with a hardcore accent and he does a lot to defend the nature and rural areas of france . 
  he presented himself at the last presidential elections and he kind of stood out because a lot of people actually had trouble understanding what he said during the debates and official speeches because of his accent and his weird way to articulate his sentences . 
  also here is a short extract [ from his official campaign ad ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/14nq1vy7pudx04/giphy.gif ) . 
  foo fighters , acdc are great ( going to see ff in paris next week , it 's gon na be pretty cool ) . 
  growing up i loved the offspring . 
  i really like to put some motorhead on when i want to get shit done . 
  it 's in no way an exhaustive list mind you . 
  i really like rock in general . 
  and as proper french people they generally create a petition right after the exam to complain to the government on why today 's questions were outrageously unfair and why they should be given some leeway / be given a chance to repass the exam . 
  i remember when i passed the bac in 2003 the polemic was that apparently the english paper was way too hard with too specific a vocabulary ( which i did not agree at all ) and apparently this year the big polemic is that in their mind it should have been geography and not history and they therefore just worked on geography like lazy morons . 
  [ this year 's idiotic petition ] ( https://www.change.org/p/harmonisation-des-notes-pour-l-%c3%a9preuve-de-bac-histoire-g%c3%a9ographie-es-l ) currently has about 3300 signatures . 
  really ? 
  well , thank you i guess !, 
  spending too much time on reddit and formerly working in an international setting probably helped quite a bit . 
  i do have the infamous french accent though , do n't worry !, 
  fn is pretty strongly against us influence and wants closer relations with russia . 
  they probably feel a kinship with trump now but to my knowledge they are still mostly anti-atlantists . 
  i am a leftist and i think we need to reduce immigration . 
  i think that people should be given a chance to assimilate and i think letting too many people enter at the same time gets in the way of that since they will tend to stick together and not interact with the rest of the population and will therefore stick to the tradtions that they had in the country of origin and some of them are simply harmful ( forced marriage , genital mutilation , oppression of women and homosexuals etc. . . ) and anti-progressive . 
   i am on the left hand side . 
  i think the taxes you pay for inheritances are way too high ( i do n't fully agree on making them disappear , but they could just sink a little , perhaps ? 
  come on , the number of people who actually reject inheritances is increasing because people ca n't pay the taxes in some regions ) . 
  i do n't know in other places but in france taxes on inheritances are a pourcentage of the amount of the inheritance and for example for a child of the deceased if it is under 100.000 $ you do n't pay anything . 
  if it is more than 100.000 , then you pay 50 % on the part that is over 100.000 . 
  so if your inheritance is say 150.000 $ you only pay 50 % on 50.000 $ so it means you get 125.000 $ . 
  so basically there is never a reason to refuse it . 
  if the reason you ca n't pay it is because it is mainly made up of real estate , just sell on of them to pay up for the rights and enjoy the rest of it . 
  these taxes are very high on purpose , they are supposed to tax the accumulation of wealth within a family and tip the scale a bit . 
  we generally just skip to the drinking part . 
  we can be quite pragmatic at times . 
  fair enough, 
  does opening a bottle of champagne really pose any problem to anyone ? 
  i personally live by `` the wine you drink is the wine you cook with '' motto . 
  i never cook with a spirit i would not drink by itself . 
  some italian people barely speak the language . 
  did you take the highway to get here ? 
  i guess because it seems weird to some people to measure things using something as archaic as some guy 's foot . 
  yeah i am proper bamboozled !, 
  colour me shocked !, 
  regardless of your political leaning they are a bunch of backstabbing , power-hungry whores . 
  they do n't care about their voters at all outside of elections and would gladly sell their mothers for a bit more power . 
  only a few of them are actually worthwile politicians and i kind of feel sorry for them and wish they will see reason and get out from this sinking ship asap . 
  and continued with `` yes based on election results '' . 
  i was merely pointing out that it was not a good way to judge in my opinion . 
  the question is whether your opinion is representative of france as a whole , not just the voters . 
  the correct answer to me would probably be that we do n't really know . 
  with the abstention and the fact you need to be 18 to vote elections do a poor job as saying what a country really thinks . 
  not at all honestly . 
  you sometimes hear them say good things about the way other european countries do things depending on their colour but the us system is very rarely discussed and pretty much never as an example of what to do . 
  thing is i think the us system could pretty much only work in the us . 
  it 's not that common though . 
  it 's generally a dish for special occasions such as christmas . 
  a french person eats burgers way more often than snails or frogs . 
  i am french so it ' sa very common thing . 
  do n't get me wrong france is great and i definitly recommand you visit but weird expectations when it comes to romanticism and things like that are a bit over the top, 
  someone attacking an ally . 
  war against a concept is just ridiculous . 
  i do n't understand how you could sell this concept to anyone with a straight face . 
  you do n't fight terror , you make its causes disappear through education and developpment and not by attacking other countries all the time so your arms industries are happy . 
  if someone attacks you you detain or kill him of course but basically the main focus should be in building bridges . 
   most surprisingly is the amount of black british actors playing african american roles , it has even brought along quite a bit of controversy . 
  races relationships in the us is just beyond comprehension . 
  `` those guys are black but not the good kind of black so fuck them . '', 
  that 's just so fucking ridiculous and kneejerky , that 's just incredible . 
  yeah that 's why i said we sometimes had problems, 
  always go to disneyland off season .
