  paris are the kings of car burning while marseille are the kings of score settling between drug dealers, 
  ah the good old division charlemagne !, 
  grandpa only had good things to say about it !, 
  with huge constraints though . 
  til russia is in nato . 
  there are something like 200k professional soldiers in countries like ours that 's very very from enough to defend a whole country from an invasion . 
  but ... why ? 
  if you get through the bother of eating halal you probably are a practicing muslim , are n't you ? 
  i have to admit i do n't know a lot about their religion but it seems to make sense . 
  who would fight for your country , then ? 
  i do n't know , the g36 looks nice to me since they fixed their overheating problem . 
  same for ec665 tigre helicopter and the leopard 2 is pretty universally recognized as a great battle tank . 
  do you think of anything specific you think sucks or is it just a clich\u00e9 ? 
  why would n't it be ? 
   mr sutherland , who is non-executive chairman of goldman sachs international and a former chairman of oil giant bp , heads the global forum on migration and development why am i not surprised ? 
  yeah maybe not standard but certainly not unheard of . 
  the endgame is just to survive as countries and civilizations without killing each other in the process . 
  that 's your victory condition . 
  i do n't think isis chances are very good in this regard . 
  if you look at history any country or organization that relied solely on terror and barbary to exist ends up losing in the long term . 
  does not mean they wo n't do a lot of damage while they exist though . 
  i saw the video . 
  as i said so far no element points to terrorism . 
  maybe there will be , maybe there wo n't . 
  past experiences of this kind of vandalism makes me say there are good chances it wo n't be linked to terrorism ( especially since they went through the effort of making people leave the bus ) . 
  i am not really competent to make an in-depth analysis but if i had to wager i would guess it 's the good old mix of poverty , immigration and reclusiveness that our politicians seemed to enjoy so much in the 60 's / 70 's . 
  it 's pretty standard saint-denis bullshit . 
  they made everyone evacuate the bus before setting it on fire . 
  no link to terrorism or anything so far , it 's just vandalism . 
  he knows since there are good chances of him being behind it . 
  i think the idea short term is to kick any imam preaching hate then replace them with imams more compatible with our values . 
   french authorities have shut down around 20 mosques and prayer halls considered to be preaching radical islam since december it has been an ongoing process for some time actually . 
  i am way too lazy for that . 
   the `` vlasovites '' were afterwards all executed and their role in the uprising not really mentioned during communism rule . 
  oh yeah , the ol russian purgaroo, 
   he is becoming more authoritarian . 
  we do . 
  we had a few colonies in the area and some of them immigrated to france after decolonization . 
  the maghrebi people are probably our first immigration because they are much closer geographically but asian people in france are not a rarity . 
  [ purge it in flame ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r28nz7eo_z4 ), 
  i do n't think anyone has problems with migrants just looking at girls honestly , providing they do n't stare . 
  we did that with vietnamese people in the sixties and it worked totally okey . 
  the only vietnamese descendants i know in france are engineers , it workers and shop owners . 
  one of the first generation guys has a phd in radiochemistry and does security check for our nuclear plants which requires a pretty important clearance . 
  the guys just rolled their sleeves when they landed and got shit done . 
  they did not complain , they did not look for excuses they just did what was needed . 
  it 's not integration . 
  they already know that women should not be raped , this is just insulting . 
  their mistake is that they assume those who choose to rape do n't know raping is wrong but they do . 
  they just do n't care because they think we are weak as fuck . 
  you want integration ? 
  talk to them about the culture , what norwegian people like to eat , the history , the language , how to start a business here , how to find a job etc. . . 
  also no one prevents him from looking at girls . 
  i look at girls all the time . 
  just do n't do it in a creepy way and do n't try to get a feel . 
  as our greatest singer said : `` dear little jesus , since you got your dick in a hooker before , would you have the balls to go back without a condom in order to please the pope ? '', 
  yep , makes perfect sense . 
  does n't it proves that these people just can not find a job and that putting pressure on them is stupid ? 
  i mean if they could find a job instead of working for 0 $ they certainly would . 
  yeah you are completly right . 
  the french communist party used to be for a strict immigration control in order to protect the european workers . 
  today the far left is all in favor of immigration and they are bleeding voters like never because the workers feel they have been betrayed and would rather vote for fn . 
  no one cares about what isis thinks of it . 
  it sure sends the good messages to those tempted to perform such acts in the future : your whole community will treat you as trash . 
  it already happened with mohammed merah . 
  toulouse did not want to bury him in their city for fear of glorification . 
  he ended up being buried outside of the city in an unmarked grave . 
  `` but we are totally down with western values of democracy , free speech and freedom we swear . '', 
  you do n't fuck around with overdue books do you ? 
  what some people would do to not admit they were wrong ... 
  instead of hitler telling you to genocide people it 's some guy in the sky who may or may not exist and who may or may not be actually telling you to do that , no one is really sure . 
  i am torn on this . 
  on a side i think people deserve to know who did the thing and information should be available in a democracy . 
  on an another side i think having their faces plastered everywhere is at least part of why they do this . 
  it was not an attack mind you , it was just a random info you will be able to tell at barbecues . 
   or is it the problem with the french ( federal ? ), 
  government setting the bar too low that allow shit like this to become common ? 
  not terribly relevant to the topic but france is not a federation , we only have one state and that is france . 
  they probably want christians to radicalize like them so they can have their holy war . 
  starting a holy war against `` rome '' ( that 's how they call western countries ) has been in their plan from the start and the fact we just bomb them frustrate them . 
  that 's the case of most people who acted in france recently : they never were there and never had direct contact with isis , they were all muslims who watched propaganda vids online and decided to act . 
  what i say is simply that once isis is out of the equation i think the problem will fade by itself over a few decades . 
  maybe it 's just me being an optimist but i think optimism may always be good . 
  i am not saying it is not going to be a bumpy ride mind you . 
  i am just saying that i think it will get better at some point in the future . 
  could be in 20 years . 
  islamic state is still an inspiring presence to some at the moment . 
  at some point they will be defeated on the ground and will get back to be the cave dwelling terrorists doing shitty videos in vhs tape quality . 
  they will still inspire people to do bad things that 's for sure but they wo n't be the wonderful islamic state heaven for true muslims they currently are for some and the attacks will get rarer as they are gradually flushed in the great toilets of history . 
  eventually they will just become the guys who lost . 
  no one will care how . 
  we could compare that to hitler . 
  while he was a live and kicking he had millions of people following him . 
  now , decades after his death the only people i know who really claim to be his successors are generally losers who never managed to fit in society . 
  the same will happen to daesh . 
  it will take decades probably but i am sure of it . 
  all things considered , europe has seen much worse . 
  i think we will be okey in the long run . 
  i am not downplaying things or anything and my heart deeply bleeds for the victims , what i am saying is that we knew two world wars on our soil and we are still here and doing well . 
  sometimes i wonder if the islamists think about this kind of things when they try to `` break '' us .
