  they want a close relationship with other european countries but without the eu super government . 
  a fn victory would probably spark a referendum to leave eu similar to the british one . 
  does not mean it would pass but they promised they would leave french people the option to leave . 
  basically it 's hard to say whether she is less hardline or not since trump himself is very blurry on what he actually thinks once you ignore the grand posturing . 
  she is a very conservative politician with who wants to limit islam in france as much as possible and is against eu that 's all i can say . 
  it was a colony of ours and the japanese took it , the viet minh got to power and the new french government sent troop to take it back right after ww2 . 
  viet minhs being communists and being equipped and trained by communist china from 1949 on the states decided to support france in the shadow . 
  french people being majorly against this war the french government has no choice but to negociate which ends up in the divide . 
  that 's the end of the war as far as france is concerned . 
  united states deciding to step up and be south vietnam 's guardian angel is another matter entirely to me . 
  as far as france was concerned it was just a colonial war . 
  the us chose to make it about the cold war and it 's their choice . 
  i agree those were shitty moves both from france and the us but i guess hindsight is 20/20 . 
  all colonial war are painted in a negative light when taught in school and this one is no different and you wo n't meet many french thinking vietnam and algeria were smart moves . 
  scooby doo is less confused than this guy . 
  le pen is the only politician in france who expressed her support for trump throughout his campaign which seems logical since they run on similar ideas and surf on anti-system sentiment , except if that 's one thing le pen and her party love over anything it 's the tricolore and the marseillaise . 
  french comedians actually made a skit about that where the guy from ratatouille is actually a delusional person cooking with a dead rat on his head : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cebynkgmvi, 
  i know a guy who is a nco in the french marines . 
  the guy has an impressive deployment record . 
  some drunk guy had the good idea of breaking a pint on his head one day during a bar crawl , two seconds later the guy was on the floor spitting his teeths . 
  to this day i still have no idea how the guy went down that fast and i have seen my share of bar fights . 
  fun fact : ratatouille is not a fucking pie and it 's not made of thin slices of vegetables . 
   the danish language has no word for `` please '' . 
  so you do n't say please ever or do you have another way to express something similar ? 
  the dirty paki certainly sounded like it but maybe it 's not clear . 
  i would really like to see in and out yeah or five guys . 
  i liked carl 's junior a lot too . 
  he is right you know . 
  he makes an argument you can agree or disagree with and you imply he is a nazi . 
  that 's just how you throw people in the arms of the alt right . 
  it happened for brexit an then for trump and it will happen again . 
  yeah some people emit reserves about immigration , sometimes then are nazis sometimes they are not , one thing i know though is that no one ever changes its mind because you insulted them , the opposite generally tends to happen actually . 
  you can . 
  this website used to be a decent place to read about some issues and i used to occasionally read it over the shoulder of my gf . 
  now even my gf stopped going on it since they are just trying to copy paste us style man hating feminism . 
  to be honest her father said that and he got kicked from the party by mlp for saying something similar . 
  now we can wonder how much of that is for show but mlp and her father certainly seem at odds over what is acceptable to say or not . 
   it should look like this . 
  it 's cr\u00eapes . 
  i disagree with that . 
  people still have this idea with mcdonald 's but now you even have more than decent restaurants picking up on the burger trend and making their own recipes using fresh local stuff . 
  used to be . 
  we now have access to pretty high quality burgers , bagels and hot-dogs . 
  sure it 's still pretty rich food and that 's what i generally associate the us with but it no longer has to be as industrial as mcdonald 's . 
  worked for french local government for a few years and those guys still relied on fax a lot . 
  i could not live without one , i cook more often than not and i do n't understand how i could do that without a scale . 
  so netherlands would have the right to invade belgium to save `` ethnic dutch '' people from wallon oppression ? 
  whatever happened in ukraine , invasion and annexion like russia did is completly unacceptable . 
  whether the people there spoke russian , spanish or inuit is irrelevant . 
  jules and emile seem to be doing comebacks lately . 
  in the case of laos it may be . 
  the us is also known for putting in place bloodthirsty tyrants in power that practiced torture and summary execution on a large scale just because the ( sometimes democratic ) alternative was too left leaning for their taste . 
  see : pinochet , jacobo arbenz , ngo dinh diem , humberto castello branco ( and it 's those we are sure of ) . 
  some of those regimes caused dozens of thousand dead and countless other that got arrested and tortured and sometimes juste disappeared . 
  why ? 
  simply because those guys were anti-communists . 
  i am not saying the us are evil , as you said they also did good things in some countries ( including mine ) and it 's something that definitly needs to be said but i would just be more balanced and not see simply the good it does . 
  just like i am totally conscious of both the good things and bad things france did in its history . 
  basically one of the main stereotype i got with americans is that in my experience they tend to see things either in black or in white . 
  it sometimes seems to us that you basically have two types of american people : those who think the us are basically hitler and spend their time saying sorry and those who think the us are the ultimate force for good on this earth and are just protecting the rest of the world from the `` axis of evil '' . 
  nothing on earth is as white or as black , everything is shades of grey . 
  it 's not really stupidity in my opinion it 's more a kind of manichean way of thinking that seems to be very prevalent in the us . 
  if it happens it will mean us will not be as close to eu and that 's something i want . 
  i want eu to be independant from us both militarily and economically , even if it means our economy slows down a bit in the process . 
  damn , you mate are a big player . 
  i have bad memories involving chartreuse . 
  honestly doing nine months as a conscript in the greek military i highly doubt you would see anything resembling combat if that 's what worries you . 
  not dissing greek army but to my knowledge greek army is not deployed a lot abroad at the moment and even if something happened and greek army got deployed they would probably deploy the professional soldiers first . 
  if it is anything like military service in france before it got suppressed you will just probably get thrown with other young greeks , get bored and play pranks on each other . 
  at least it would help you learn the language . 
  basque is related to litteraly no other language on earth though . 
  it 's just a language situated between spain and france and no one has any clue where this language comes from . 
  we just know that it predates indo-european language as well as roman ones and is even older than celt . 
  i made more progress in italian in six months of partying in florence than in years of studying it in france . 
  yeah it is pretty standard , each wine is chosen to compliment the food and vice versa . 
  as winter is coming i would say [ tartiflette ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tartiflette ) and [ raclette ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raclette ) the two dishes the whole of france grows fat on during winter months . 
  if you spend winter in france and do n't grow tired of melted cheese for months afterwards you just did it wrong . 
  us one . 
  this weird mix of popular vote and great electors is just baffling . 
  we had heads rolling in the streets for less . 
  it 's certainly going to be interesting . 
  i am more in a wait & see attitude right now . 
  my thought is mainly `` this is a bold move america , let 's see if it pays off '' . 
  if he is half as isolationist as he claims it will force eu to integrate more and probably push toward military spending across eu which i am in favor . 
  except this system is not representative and certainly not a democracy . 
  like in 1930 's germany if you look for the people responsible you may as well look to democrats . 
  they eliminated a great candidate who genuinely wanted to make a difference and put in his place a pretty impopular talking robot who is probably corrupt . 
  trump would never have done half the things he did if the democratic party did not push for hillary that way and gave bernie a chance . 
  i do n't think many people will care honestly . 
  not at all . 
  ah okey , my bad . 
  whether it is grounded in reality is kind of irrelevant . 
  this anger still exists and will definitly impact on the coming elections . 
  paris is just a small part of france though . 
  a lot of people buy second hand cars in france . 
  leboncoin.com is pretty good indicator generally ( it 's our version of craigslist ) . 
  [ 828 770 hits for second hand cars for all france ] ( https://www.leboncoin.fr/voitures/offres/ile_de_france/occasions/?th=1&amp;parrot=0 ) and it is just one website . 
  france and spain allows it . 
  germany probably does too since they tend to be more progressive than us . 
  for the rest no idea .
