  it 's pretty good . 
  the story is similar in some ways : `` cynical guy schemes his way to power and talks to the camera '' but obviously happens in british political system . 
  the main actor is great too . 
  do n't be ridiculous ... 
  one thousand times brussels . 
  they simply have the best beers in the world and they are affordable too . 
  what horror movies do you like from france ? 
  it is a genre i know very little about . 
  it 's only justice . 
  after all he is going to make turkey great again . 
  smeared her own shit on the walls of the bathroom . 
  i like it , it 's kind of a cool flag . 
  always makes makes me want to overthrow governments . 
  in french probably the one from marseille . 
  it is pure ear cancer . 
  in english i do n't really have any honestly . 
  no i am more a mountain guy, 
  i have the feeling that if you started a reform to lower the advantages of politicians or cut tax breaks for the extremely rich or big companies there would not be any demonstration . 
  weirdly enough those reforms are rarely started . 
  apparently it 's always the responsibility of the guys earning minimum wage to help the state meet its budget by consenting to sacrifices . 
  so weird that they demonstrate when it happens , they really should just accept that as train workers they are infinitly more privileged than politicians or billionnaires but somehow they do n't get it . 
  daily . 
  i never knew showering less than that was common in europe . 
  news are always skewed to show the worst of any place . 
  you never get news saying `` sun is shining , everyone is happy and friendly to each other '' because that would not sell . 
  we have issues and the things that are reported are mostly true , but they are incidents that are spread over several years and over a continents of 300m people with very different cultures and philosophies . 
  looking at the news of people harassing refugees in some occasions or demonstrating against them and thinking that eu is a racist continent is like looking at the news of terrorist attacks or refugees fighting it out among themselves and thinking that muslims are hateful and violent people by nature . 
  we also have very different ways to think compared to the us , most of eu countries have assimilationnist models while the us and uk follow a more multicultural model . 
  none of these models are inherently bad or good but assimilationnist models demand much more efforts to be made by newly immigrated people to integrate . 
  some of them refuse to play by the rules and it can sometimes lead to the occasional clash . 
  it is still a minority of people and as i said , you never hear about the millions of muslims living and working peacefully in western europe and who are doing okey . 
  terror attacks are a fact and there is no denying that a part of muslims want western cultures and values gone forever and there is no denying that some europeans are hateful and backward , but all in all if you feel safe in the us you will probably feel even safer in the eu especially in cities and especially in western eu ( most eastern eu countries are pretty homogeneous , it does not mean they are necessarily hateful against foreigners but you will definitly stand out more there ) . 
  mainly because a lot of them seem less well travelled than most europeans and it means a lot of them think of europe either as heaven on earth , as a islamic continent or as us number 2 with older buildings . 
  it means a lot of them come out as really oblivious and sometimes straight up ignorant . 
  trump did not help too . 
  in france the policemen mostly do their jobs in a professional manner with the occasional mistep . 
  the hierarchy is not blameless though and i would like it if they concentrated more on bringing back law and order in some difficult neighborhoods and less on bullshit basic traffic violations . 
  we are like you basically , we tend to send all our kids to univ regardless of their actual interests . 
  now i got a masters degree and i feel like i would have been happier with some vocational training and i live in a system of quasi free univ ( so no student debt ) . 
  do n't be me . 
  if you feel like going to univ please do so . 
  if you do n't then do n't feel pressured to do so , the people who would look down on you now wo n't be here to help you when you are stuck with student debt and a degree you do n't like 10 years from now . 
  it 's the pro and con of the french system . 
  on one hand it gives a pretty unified country all around ( compared to others ) . 
  on the other hand it tends to crush regional identities mercilessly . 
   besides being a thinner batter for crepes , i also tend to add a little sugar and a few tbsp of orange-brandy . 
  rum or beer work very well too . 
  i want people to be free to organize the way they want . 
  if some countries want to bunch into a bigger country that 's their call . 
  i have no say in that . 
  macron would probably convince the ceo to resign and give him his job , robert california style . 
  for 90 % of people both terms are totally interchangeable . 
  why do they translate `` hacker '' with `` fouineur '' when the word `` pirate '' is already well accepted as an equivalent . 
  in the games she is the archetypical annoying as fuck videogame girlfriend who keeps telling you all about your many flaws and how to live your life and gets mad as fuck as soon as you point out one of her flaw or refuse to do what she says . 
  i decided very early that i would spend the game doing exactly the opposite of everything she asked me to do just to piss her off every chance i got and of course i porked the cool redhead first chance i got . 
  lyon : hating paris and making great food . 
  i agree with lyon the center is very nice and there great monuments to visit . 
  le havre is very ugly , the americans pretty much razed the city during ww2 since the germans used the port to launch u-boot raids and the hastily rebuilt concrete buildings really are an eyesore . 
  did n't vote for him but yeah i 'll just wait and see what he does . 
  who knows , maybe there will be something good behind the marketing product . 
  i generally see kurdish struggles in a positive light . 
  that being said i do n't think blowing civilians up is ever justified . 
  cheese . 
  the answer is always cheese . 
  buffone : great keeper and seems like a genuinely good person . 
  do n't worry it 's just the usual `` let 's get offended every single time someone uses the word dialect '' crowd . 
  last time i spoke about brittany they all kept saying `` breton is not a french dialect '' too despite the fact i never hinted at that at any point . 
  i am not sure what they trying to achieve by purposefully interpreting anything the wrong way but they sure are persistent . 
  yeah i was kidding . 
  the flag of brittany actually has an interesting history , linked to ww2 resistance , banned afterwards as seditious symbol and now it is present in pretty much every concert happening in france for some weird unknown reason . 
  i know roma is the capitale of italy ... 
  it just so happens to be also the name of a culture of travelling people . 
  everyone knows they are not linked , do n't get your panties in a bunch . 
  roma and roman are not the same word . 
  you can be all that without being a dick to people not being part of your culture . 
  when your way of life requires you to train your children to steal and panhandle from people different from you then you are not free , you are a dick . 
  you obviously copied on brittany , you just added some colours you lazy buggers . 
  maybe people will think i am a dick but roma culture . 
  mainly because i feel like they hate and look down on anyone not being part of their culture . 
  maybe i am wrong but living in a major european city it really feels like it . 
  we do n't really talk about it . 
  i ca n't really remember anyone making a post strictly about religion . 
  it represents quite well the french mentality : a good religion is one we do n't see or hear about . 
  it 's a sauce where you deglaze your pan using red wine scallots and onions . 
  it 's pretty simple to make , it 's delicious and makes your pan easier to wash, 
  the only kinder product i truly dislike . 
  absolutly not !, 
  i was not aware that there was a third . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  depends with what . 
  i generally like mayo with fries or sometimes mayo + ketchup mixed together . 
  sauce bourguignonne , blue cheese sauce or pepper sauce is generally what i like with a good rare steack . 
  * [ petit \u00e9colier ] ( http://www.savemybrain.net/v2/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/petit_ecolier_lu.jpg ) * [ barquette de lu ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/81ll75nd4-l._sx522_.jpg ) lots of varieties , chocolate was my favourite though * [ honey and chocolate chips `` petit d\u00e9jeuner '' cookies ] ( http://www.proxilivre.fr/1597-1578-large/image-produit-cookies-aux-cereales-completes-miel-de-fleurs-et-pepites-de-chocolat-petit-dejeuner-lu-8-sachets-de-4-435-grs.jpg ) the cookie by themselves were decent but if you dipped them in your morning hot chocolate they just became god-tier . 
  * [ kangos ] ( http://www.prixing.fr/images/product_images/bf2/bf26daa8efdb4e318c354cc1968fc060.png ) those were my top four ( not necessarily in the good order ) . 
  metro 2033 and metro 2034 are pretty damn good and i really like re-reading them . 
  we were not in iraq . 
  i still understand the point you make though . 
  rightfully so . 
  i deleted my comment . 
  i heard people say french cars are shit .
