  i am pretty sure he can . 
  no where , we do n't want filthy foreigners roaming in our special cool places . 
  please just remain in paris !, 
  i think this is linked though . 
  when speaking a second language is a necessity it ceases to be something elitist and just becomes a basic skill to get by . 
  poland . 
   ( dumb americans , you see ) . 
  it 's not dumbness to be honest , it 's just that you do n't need it as much as us . 
  europe is as if every us state spoke a different language . 
  the average european could drive two hours and be in a country speaking a different language , if you do n't speak english in this context travel gets very difficult very fast . 
  it 's jazz where the artists address prayers to satan and sacrifice animals during their concerts . 
  that 's part of the point . 
  the guy does not know shit about american and its diversity , he has the image of americans as people dressed as cow boys waving us flags and chewing gum all day so he dresses like that and calls himself an american . 
  that 's exactly the same thing with us irish or italians and why some european people see that as offensive . 
  i know italy quite a bit and it is incredibly diverse , in some parts they do n't even speak the same language !, 
  saying `` i am italian '' is as void of meaning as saying `` i am american '' , especially if it is to say something extremely stereotypical like `` i am italian , i know good pizza '' . 
  really ? 
  are you from napoli ? 
  firenze ? 
  bari ? 
  pizza is a napoletan dish so if you are going to claim absolute expertise on pizza i sure hope you at least lived in the napoli area for a while . 
  it just always a bit weird to hear someone who is born in the us from us parents say `` i am irish '' , sport several tattoos with various irish symbols he took from google image and say stuff like `` i can drink a lot of alcohol since i am irish '' and things like that even though he knows pretty much nothing about ireland and its history and has never been to ireland once in their lives . 
  they do n't realize that what they call `` being irish '' is actually `` being a walking stereotype '' . 
  it 's a bit as if someone dressed like a cow-boy and went everywhere with a big ass american flag and an eagle t-shirt and said `` i have 1/10 of american blood , i am an american '' and walked like that in europe thinking he is hot shit or something . 
  most of what these people do or say is just incredibly reductive and stereotypical . 
  i take the irish example because they are generally the worst offenders but there are a lot others . 
  no idea . 
  us expats maybe ? 
  i do n't know one single person who listens to country . 
  they say it 's a variation of ratatouille but seriously it 's like calling a dish `` a variation of sauerkraut '' just because there are sausages in it . 
  it 's actually closer to a `` boh\u00e9mienne '' , a less known dish . 
  please please please , keep in mind that they do n't make any ratatouille in the movie . 
  what they do is a different dish which is certainly excellent but not ratatouille . 
  can be if you strictly speak about high end french gastronomic cuisine but french cuisine can also be simple and comforting as hell . 
  italy probably . 
  they have the same love of good , simple food and seem to have a similar outlook on life . 
  they are regarded not differently than jews in general . 
  the huge majority of people do n't care and a little minority does n't like jews for a reason or another . 
  it is pretty much like any country on earth to be honest . 
   in the same way as the recent iraq war was defensive ? 
  no , in the `` foreign armies are attacking us , we have to do something about it '' way . 
  you realize most of napoleonic wars were defensive , right ? 
  yeah it seems to me like most foreigners know him mainly for the warring but the reforms he brought to france were in my opinion much much more important in the long run . 
  i found one last night , the two of them seemed very happy to be here . 
  yeah and that sucks . 
  paris is pretty much leeching all the talent and fundings from the rest of france and gives back crumbs to local governments . 
  i think national things like healthcare and transport should be done at national level but that most of the rest should be decentralized with the money that goes with it . 
  i always get angry when politicians keep saying `` france needs xy '' when he actually means `` paris needs xy '' and more precisely `` my chums need xy '' . 
  do n't launch this debate here , you fool !, 
  cow-boy but more in the `` sheriff is in town '' attitude than in actually thinking you own livestock . 
  in france it is pretty common to derisively call cow-boys cops when they are hot shit because they got a badge and a gun . 
  in the case of americans it is a stereotype of an american guy with a cow boy hat , a big pick up and who carries in his rural town despite the fact that criminality is pretty much unknown there . 
  it 's kind of the texas stereotype except it is applied to all the us . 
  we know most of the us does not behave like that , it 's just a stereotype like the french guy who dresses like a mime with a beret and a thin moustache . 
  the american guy with a huge pickup is a bit as if i wore berets , a moustache and smoke thin cigarettes as a french guy . 
  napoleon had this habit of being often right when it came to politics . 
  massages are not seen as sexual at all in france so it 's probably just him . 
  no , but guys feet are disgusting as fuck . 
  i do n't understand how there are no laws in place to ban flip flops for guys . 
  yeah . 
  he really has a punchable face . 
  his father already did but the kid somehow topped his old man by magnitudes . 
  you sound like a native !, 
  impossible !, 
  it is funny because i am sure your comment makes an awful lot of sense to an american but from a european perspective it could as well be written in chinese . 
  you mean [ jean sarkozy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jean_sarkozy ) ? 
  mostly i do n't know or think about them much . 
  met a couple mexican and colombian people and they seem like a decent bunch but apart from the stereotypes ( drug cartels , margaritas , spicy food etc. . . ) i have to admit i do not know much about them . 
  you seem like a pleasant chap !, 
  do you mind if we share our msn messenger ids ? 
  thanks mate , we never thought of that !!!!, 
  i 'll call hollande immediatly . 
  we do n't pick anything . 
  there is a programme issued by the state of things students are supposed to know by the end of the high school and you have no say in it . 
  there are three specializations you can choose from : * l for literature which is reinforced in foreign languages , history and literature * s for science which is reinforced in maths , biology , physics etc. . . * es for economic sciences which gives you kind of a mix of both i think with economic sciences as a bonus but basically you have history , geography , maths , biology , physics , philosophy , literature , physical education and two foreign languages for everybody . 
  how many hours of each and how deep you go on each topic depends on what specialization you took . 
  wow wow wow mate , calm down with your reasonable and level-headed comments . 
  luxembourg for both . 
  in case it is not obvious i am kidding around . 
  also at some point a lot of germans emigrated to russia . 
  as they did not speak the russian language the russians started calling them `` nemetsky '' ( `` mutes '' ) . 
  that 's how german people are called in russia still today even though the country itself is called \u0413\u0435\u0440\u043c\u0430\u0301\u043d\u0438\u044f ( `` germania '' ) . 
  [ `` progr\u00e8s , civilisation , commerce '' ] ( http://a141.idata.over-blog.com/1/44/14/81/histoire/dtafficheparticolonial4.jpg ) ca n't believe how ungrateful these people are today . 
  i guess that 's what you get for being too nice . 
  francis kuntz = god, 
  i avoid nightclubs as much as possible . 
  i like to go out with my mates and have fun at the pub drinking good beer and getting drunk and not caring whether we look silly or not . 
  when you start going after girls it ruins the night for everyone every time in my experience . 
  this kind of question is hilarious . 
  it sometimes seems like you guys think we are third world countries or something . 
  yes , we have a functional , stable currency , thanks for asking . 
  hussein was a bastard but he was not killing people in the streets of paris . 
  he did kill people in his own country so i wo n't mourn him , it is pretty obvious that this invasion is at least partly the reason for isis today and you totally could have foreseen it but as money was the main factor it probably was not seen as important enough . 
  socially awkward but intelligent and rich . 
  eats rotten fish out of tin cans . 
  living in lyon , my windows are pretty much open 24/7 night and day in summer / spring and i never have any problem . 
  sometimes a fly . 
  i did not say the problem is not real , i say it is inflated . 
  is n't it a good thing if the 20 % of afd forces the government to act on the problems one way or the other ? 
  the worst possible thing at the moment is to not listen to people and let them feel like their problems are not adressed which seems to have been the strategy of most governments so far on this issue .
