  paying 74 $ to spend your whole day queuing and do maybe four rides if you are lucky is just not worth it . 
  sometimes . 
  my personal interactions with the regular police have always been courteous and professional even when i was obviously in the wrong . 
  most of the unnecessary brutality seem to come from crs ( anti riot units ) and bac which is a small , highly mobile plain cloth unit that are generally sent ahead to try and catch suspects in the act , their job tends to be more dangerous than usual and they are known to get away with a lot as they are generally the first on scene and work in small 4 men units who cover each other in case anyone complains about them . 
  beware guys looks like germany is back in the burning people game !, 
  in shadow of mordor there are dangerous pack predators called caragors . 
  when a uruk notices a caragor they often say things like `` it 's a caragor ! '', 
  to warn their mates . 
  as mordor is a pretty dangerous place it is not rare to see uruks ambushed by caragors and that 's not counting the countless times where you actually unleash caragors on them on purpose . 
  `` it 's a caragor ! '', 
  is therefore a sentence you tend to hear a lot . 
  [ here is a little video of a player releasing several caged caragors in the middle of a uruk camp and enjoying the chaos they created . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we-ktzvrhmg ) . 
  you can hear it and other sentences if you pay attention . 
  most places give you ice for free if you ask for it . 
  it is just not customary as most europeans have their drinks `` fridge fresh '' instead of `` ice cold fresh '' but i never seen a bar that does not have a ice machine . 
   more popular subreddits , and places like 9gag ( yeah , i use that site and it used to be pretty funny actually ) seem to have europeans and americans who can drink each others blood . 
  the hate is intense . 
  i do n't know why , but these people always think their own nation/union/continent is superior to the other one . 
  websites like 9gag and most default subreddits are toxic cesspools inhabited by a lot of 13 years old and when you are 13 the thing you worry most in the world is the size of your dick so yeah they keep arguing about whose dick is the biggest . 
  also there are a majority of americans on this website so it 's not that weird that a lot of questions revolved around the us on most subreddits . 
  most of them chose france when we relinquished our colonies there but their number used to be quite high before decolonization . 
  not anywhere near the muslims but sizable enough . 
  i actually live in lyon not far from a district with a sizable jewish community so skullcaps and traditional garbs are not unusual when i go grocery shopping . 
  i do n't have any opinion on them really , never had any contact with any person that is obviously jewish . 
  they generally just live their lives and do n't cause trouble so i have no problem with them . 
  apart from french which is my native language i speak english fluently , italian too in theory but i am kind of rusty from lack of practice . 
  i can understand written spanish and portoguese if i make some efforts . 
  spoken spanish and portoguese it 's hit or miss , sometimes i do sometimes i do n't . 
  that 's pretty much all . 
  french people are never happy except when they are at the table in front a good meal . 
  and are called `` immortals '' which is a pretty fucking metal title for old farts talking about words all day . 
  [ was it played this way ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcn0jt7ychu ), 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  `` let 's go to another country and break the law !, 
  also bribery is soooo cool ! '', 
  [ war in the vend\u00e9e comes to mind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_the_vend%c3%a9e ) . 
  basically in 1793 royalists rose against the republican government with the support of great britain to protest against mass conscription . 
  revolutionary government sends more than 40.000 soldiers to quell the insurrection . 
  ensues several battles and widespread massacre by both sides of civilians and prisoners . 
  the republicans won and then killed some more people . 
  some historians claimed that the quelling of vendean insurrection was a genocide but while it was definitly brutal , it does not fit the definition ( partly because both sides massacred innocent people ) and today only very monarchist people still claim that it is a genocide . 
  the possibility absolutly exist , of course . 
  she wo n't care that you are an american . 
  as to getting her to the states , some european do want to emigrate to the states but most of us are very happy with the european system so whether she will want to follow you there or not depends on her . 
  just know that relationships rarely ever work this way and compromises are generally necessary . 
  my point is why should she be the one leaving all her friends and family to follow you to the u.s ? 
  i live in lyon . 
  life is pretty normal . 
  are you really comparing france with andorra ? 
  i doubt you have nearly as many minorities and you sure as hell do n't have islam-motivated terrorist attacks . 
  i also do n't think you have many industries that could be moved to china or eastern europe and you are not part of eu . 
  the situation of our two countries have nothing comparable , stop acting like you are somehow more enlightened than us because you do n't have any far-right . 
  `` far right should n't exist . '', 
  what next ? 
  `` aids is absolutly not cool . '' ? 
  `` i absolutly condemn cancer . '' ? 
  le pen 's results depend on three main factors : * perceived incompetence of eu * perceived terrorist threat * desperation of poor people who see their jobs vanishing because of globalization all of these factors can be acted upon by the people in power and by the medias but somehow they wo n't . 
  as to whether or not far right should n't exist : well , fact is it does . 
  and it does in every single country in the world and the only way to actually fight it is by robbing it of its talking points . 
  robespierre did nothing wrong . 
  pitchforks ca n't melt bastille 's walls . 
  for example :  at what times do you eat ? 
  just a cup of coffee for breakfast . 
  around noon then around 8pm  how many meals are there typically ? 
  for me two meals a day . 
   which meals are the biggest/smallest/considered the most important ? 
  should be noon be in practice it is generally diner since i typically have more time to cook / set down at that time of the day . 
   is fast food big in your country ( or at least relatively speaking to here ) ? 
  super big . 
   how often do people go to restaurants ? 
  from time to time . 
  for me it 's between once a month and once every two months . 
   we also have quick ( belgian brand i think ) that 's absolutely terrible , but fortunately they were bought by burger king . 
  i actually prefer them to mcdonald 's , their burgers are better in my opinion ( quick 'n toast especially ) . 
  i like mcdonald 's too but quick is a bit better for me . 
  yeah but it 's generic like the others . 
  it was already used with francs and we just kept using it with euro . 
  morray, 
  and it is pretty universally hated , yeah, 
  you my friend . 
  crazy talk , really . 
  yeah well made fried chicken is soft as fuck and not dry at all . 
  this man is talking crazy talk . 
  her music is shit but this ass just wo n't quit . 
  because it is all tied together . 
  freedom of movement is part of the eu single market and freedom of movement is what uk voters voted against . 
  i really do n't see how uk would ever accept what the people voted against minus the representation in eu institutions . 
  it is important to note that eu is not just a free market area where everything is negotiable . 
  there is a political project behind it and anything that goes against this project is off the table and if they have to sacrifice some money to do that they are okey with it . 
  `` i got you , fam . '', 
  i would assume it would mean they have access to human rights . 
  my bad then . 
  the question is not what i want . 
  i am saying what i think will happen . 
  brexit voters did not vote for brexit to find uk forced to obey eu regulations but without the voice they used to have in eu institutions . 
  how do you think a uk politician would sell that to them when they specifically voted to stop obeying eu regulations altogether . 
  basically from a brexiter point of view soft brexit would be worse than hard brexit since they would have the same obligations but without representation in eu institutions . 
   a hard brexit is worse for everyone involved including the eu as it will lose contributions ( efta members are required to pay into the eu budget as well ) and also lose a lot of access to certain markets that can definitely affect its own member states . 
  a hard brexit would be an inconvenience for eu but it would be terrible for uk .
