  you just have to find the brand and fit that works well for you . 
  personnally i tried a lot of brands and wrangler are by far the ones that work best for me so i only buy them . 
  if speaking strictly about class in the way to dress i would say northern italy beats us but honestly i think it is pretty subjective as i just happen to love the way italian make tailor-made suits ( even though i will never wear one since english style suits me better ) . 
  it is true that we tend to dress well even when grocery shopping though . 
  it is seen as weird to not dress properly as soon as you leave your house whatever the reason you leave the house . 
  yeaaah the famous mitraillette . 
  love this name for some reason . 
  for those who are not lucky enough to be born in a french speaking country `` mitraillette '' means `` submachine gun '' . 
  haha , an `` am\u00e9ricain '' in france is a baguette sandwich with meat ( generally sausage - spicy or not - or ground beef ) and fries in it . 
  [ looks like that ] ( https://t3.ftcdn.net/jpg/00/80/77/10/500_f_80771037_0hcaw87xnoyij3kkr1bs9jorxpq3e8o5.jpg ) . 
  it is a staple of french junk food for drunk people in the north of france alongside the kebab . 
  insatisfaction would probably best describe france . 
  that 's our greatest quality and our greatest defect at the same time . 
  in effect it translates as both an aspiration to greatness and in a will to always fight for more rights , better living conditions and in a people of chronicled depressed despite us having it better than most . 
  very few people will care about who you have sex with in western europe . 
  eastern europe tends to be more conservative in general but i do n't know them well so i do n't know whether it is okey to be openly gay there but you would probably be okey . 
  the main problem with islam in my own opinion is that they still take religion quite seriously while we have not been doing that for quite a long time . 
  as a result it is not astonishing that there are cultural shocks . 
  i do n't care whether you eat pork or drink alcohol , this is your own choice as a free person . 
  i do feel like doing those things because a old book tells you to is weird as fuck but it 's your choice . 
  what i do n't appreciate is the more backward things a little part of muslims take as normal such as harassing women for dressing the way they want or treating women as property . 
  i do n't say only muslims do that but this type of behavior is more prevalent among muslims . 
  he is generally regarded as the king of pop here too . 
  hey we have that too , it 's called saindoux . 
  it 's not eaten a lot anymore , most of the new generations use butter instead but some old folks still eat it in rural france . 
  france for both sexes , we are fucking gorgeous, 
  i do n't think they could even live out of their mom 's basement to be fair . 
  you ca n't have any discussion with someone who only has a theorical experience of life . 
  i nearly answered his comment but honestly i do n't think arguing with this type of person ever brings anything good . 
  it would be something like : for the spanish guy : no , it will not work . 
  for the british guy : interesting , i would like to see what options we have before committing to that particular solution though . 
  is the cycling as fucky as they say ? 
  are sovietic calibers common in the us ? 
  usa, 
  not that interesting honestly . 
  we were drunk with some friends and we crossed path with other guys , one of them mocked one of my friends because he was drunk and my drunk friend told him to go fuck his mother and things went south from there . 
  some of us were less drunk and defused the situation . 
  we all laughed it off and parted ways . 
  i do n't know where you get your information but there was no infighting on a big scale between resistants in france . 
  there were lots of disagreement but groups killing each other not to my knowledge and i have a decent knowledge of this period . 
  no i was talking about the fracture between collaborationist , passive and resisting france . 
  i get it though . 
  for centuries italy was divided in small duchies , most of them being vassals to foreign powers . 
  i totally understand that you guys may be happy to finally control your own destiny as a people . 
  because they can . 
  in a lot of sectors striking pretty much bars you from promotions for years . 
  if you want a career you just have to take what you are given and shut your mouth . 
  only time i met an israeli we got really close to fight , then 30 seconds later were joking together . 
  i feel like it 's a result of decades of repressing your patriotism by making it a shameful or taboo thing . 
  we have a saying in france : `` chase your nature away and it will come back to you at full gallop . '', 
  i totally get that some events in recent history may have made flag waving unpopular but i think identifying strongly to your national group is just a need that can not be suppressed for long in a lot of people and that repressing it only makes it worse . 
  i remember when i worked on european projects with a partner from uk and a partner from spain . 
  i would word my mails completly differently depending on whether i was speaking to the spanish partner or the partner from england . 
  thing is i did not even really realized that at the time . 
  such a ridiculous way to teach that . 
  it 's weird that a country like the us that absolutly worships its own revolution and founding fathers would teach such a biased version of our own revolution . 
  the terrible military blunders of 1940 and the occupation that followed . 
  a lot of people on reddit think it was because french soldiers were cowards but they were actually anything but . 
  the collapse of french army was due to a terribly incompetent general who instead of either exploiting the defenses france had spent tons of money building or plain invading germany while it was busy with poland just went ahead and placed his whole army in belgium and waited for the germans there , letting his whole army be encircled in there . 
  the french soldiers on the field actually did put up a good fight in most cases but just could not do anything when they were encircled and cut off from communications with their headquarter . 
  still today we are one of the very rare country in europe where going to war always results in more favorable opinion in the polls for the government in power and i suspect it is because deep down we still feel a need to prove to ourselves we can bring the fight to the enemy and defeat it . 
   with a wooden hand ( which is why he was always painted with his hand tucked into his jacket ) http://i.imgur.com/bid0prt.jpg, 
  ha , the marvellous moustaches of the time . 
  it was a province of the first french empire of course !, 
  that 's actually a pretty tricky question . 
  ca n't really blame him , it was unsure even to some french people of the time . 
  start and end of second world war in europe, 
  well no . 
  when france decided the us military bases on its soil had to go the only reaction of the us was to ask whether the dead gis who participated in the liberation of france had to go too . 
  then they withdrew any soldier they had in france and did not send more soldiers with unmarked uniforms to annex a part of france so they could keep their bases . 
  a personal question if i may , have you ever consulted your doctor about depression ? 
  not necessarily saying that what you are saying does not make sense or anything but i knew someone who was very negative about a lot of things and he later got diagnosed with a mild depression that made him focus overly on negative aspects of a lot of things . 
  reading your comments kind of made me think of him . 
  it 's not a way to question you or anything , just maybe your brain is making you focus on some aspects of your country and ignore others . 
  i do n't know poland a lot so i ca n't really weigh in one way or another . 
  what i mean is this is weird that no ones knows where the guy is leaning since he is apparently a career politician . 
  he probably made declarations in the past or held political office giving you a good idea of what he thinks or does not think . 
  to be fair russia did invade georgia and ukraine under the flimsiest excuse . 
  i do n't think russia is evil ( i love the culture and definitly will visit the country one day ) but putin sounds like the guy who always has something to prove and this is the type of people we must tread carefully with . 
  really ? 
  what are his ideas ? 
  good thing germany shares no border with you . 
  okey, 
  they thought they could avoid war . 
  ca n't help but think that if something similar happened today we would probably do the same thing because of people pushing against war . 
  no poland is central europe , germany and france are western . 
  great reformer who saved our ass when the whole europe united to tried and kill our revolution in the egg to put a king back on the throne . 
  he did get carried away at some points ( i do n't support his unwarranted invasion of spain ) but in my opinion if there is an asshole in this period it was the brits . 
  most of the wars were started by them while they were protected from the consequences of the wars they started by the channel . 
  very few people really have a problem with legal immigration , what a lot of european people are angry about is people entering illegally . 
  the catch is obviously that the legal process can be long and difficult and you are not sure to be allowed in the end . 
  if i were you i would aim for a country in central europe , they have decent standards of living and the cost of life tends to be lower than western europe . 
  the left has always been great at selective memory and that 's coming from a left leaning person . 
  i guess it would be vichy . 
  i know de gaulle and the resistance did make up for that to a point but it is still a dark spot in our history . 
  i know vichy was basically the result of a political coup from a fringe part of government but it still bugs me that we could give up a part of our population away to the nazis like that . 
  not to spoil but they wo n't, 
  oh yeah it 's quite a long time ago then . 
  oh yeah i love this one too . 
  a lot of european countries had that at some point .
