  no one cares about crimea . 
  putin stays in power with a `` russia stronk '' narrative and flexing his muscles and showing no signs of backing down in front of the west is just part of it . 
  i doubt it 's the only factor but it certainly is one . 
  absolutly not . 
  they totally get away with it for some unfathomable reason . 
  jk it 's totally not unfathomable . 
  it 's a normal switch from army vs army equipement and strategy to army vs guerilla equipement and strategy . 
  in short nowadays the amount of armour and the firepower are much less important than speed and mobility . 
  social dumping is a thing though , not just a buzz word . 
  if you can pay a polish worker to do the job for half the price of course you are going to hire the polish guy . 
  there is just no question . 
  saying `` french people just need to accept half pay like i do '' is just ridiculous because the french worker has a family to feed and the prices are just not the same . 
  a salary that allows you to live in france and send money so your family eats comfortably at home would just mean `` live in your car and eat at the local homeless shelter '' for a french worker . 
  it is just a system where workers compete for the lowest salary possible , it is awesome for multinationals but workers get shafted hard and the only limit to it is what the law allows so we definitly need the law to limit that . 
  take your upvote and get outta here !, 
  they are a symbol or uk and are still the official head of state . 
  that being said as an elected official pm obviously holds the legitimacy and it would be poor judgement for the monarchy to go against that or even give their opinion on political matters . 
  they are supposed to be over all that and a symbol as gb as a whole and voicing an opinion would go against that . 
  basically her role is mainly honorific and symbolic . 
  she just did . 
  there is no way it was not on purpose . 
  i figured as much . 
  [ `` sir , i got lost on the way to college , sir !, 
  '' ] ( https://youtu.be/ufoc6fq3fpg?t=1m59s ), 
  yep . 
  that 's why he had to fall in line or leave . 
  what would be his endgoal in your opinion ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  being in a government is like any job . 
  the prime minister is the leader of the government , as soon as you start telling him that you will do whatever the fuck you want whenever the fuck you want , it 's probably better that you leave . 
  he wants to join an economic partnership that includes , among others , venezuela . 
  his justification for it is that , in order to develop fully , oversea territories should work with the countries in their area which share their economic interests . 
  we may agree or disagree but i generally prefer commenting on people 's actual ideas and not twisting them as much as possible for easy karma . 
  he was kind of a burden . 
  he wanted to be in a government and at the same time do and say whatever he wanted . 
  saying they only represent the workers who are members of the syndicate is a mistake in my opinion . 
  they represent whoever follows their calls to strike , whether they are members or not . 
  good ole times ... 
  you forget [ the best one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/be/imperial_standard_of_napol%c3%a9on_iii.svg/2000px-imperial_standard_of_napol%c3%a9on_iii.svg.png ), 
  yes , they could just cancel article 50 . 
  they probably wo n't though . 
  going against a referendum is generally the end of a political career in most democracy . 
  my mechanic is great , never had a complaint . 
  that 's why the huge majority of terrorist attacks target muslims living in countries with a majority of muslims ? 
  i consider myself a tolerant and liberal person but your comment just shows your absolut ignorance . 
  they are generally pretty nice , i like seeing them and having a chance to meet the guys fighting for us civilians . 
  if they want a group they will have to . 
  you need 15 seats to make a group, 
  the only result i was interested in . 
  general kenobi !, 
  you are a bold one !, 
  yeah it 's boring but it is a proven design . 
  stop informing yourself for a couple weeks and start binging on light tv shows or series and only frequent people who think exactly like you . 
  i do that sometimes and it always result in a better general mood and a more optimistic outlook on life . 
  i always get back to informing myself though , i guess i must hate myself, 
  these pesky immigrants , coming to your mom 's basement , stealing your tendies . 
  i feel exactly the oppostie . 
  hk416 just look boring and unoriginal while the famas has this `` space gun '' look to it that somehow appeals to me . 
  i love it in payday too . 
  it can be modded to be very concealable for stealth missions and can be also be modded differently to be an awesome room clearing weapon thanks to its decent damages and huge rate of fire . 
  it is even pretty decent in single shot / short bursts at medium range . 
  definitly among the most well rounded weapon in the game to me . 
  more likely a punch in the face by a 120kg polish sergeant , i guess . 
  ben `` itching for a lynching '' garrison, 
   the look in her eye , you just know they banged the woman has sunglasses . 
  i actually laughed out loud, 
  so they are going to negociate with an hostile organization that has no interest in showing good will , they have little to no leverage and they therefore send the most antagonizing person possible to do the job . 
  are they fucking bonkers ? 
  yeah and since macron plans on reform the status of career politicians they will vote for his bills . 
  botched robbery , nothing points at terrorism . 
  it is local news and therefore does not have its place here in my opinion . 
  i am french and i agree . 
  i am very much in a wait and see attitude toward macron . 
  he proved nothing to me so far . 
  not sure if you are serious but parti socialiste are social democrats . 
  they are absolutly not against liberalism . 
  as another said , melenchon is pretty much corbyn if he did n't have to tone down his views . 
  yeah . 
  lrem/modem is not conservative at all socially though . 
  they are pretty progressive . 
  not sure what cameron views are on socially progressive things . 
   lr - the conservative party ( but less eurosceptic ? ), 
  yeah lr is not really euroskeptic but they are moderately conservative . 
   fn - ukip yeah basically they want to make france great again by exiting euro first and probably eu too and then by fighting immigration hard . 
  yeah . 
  we know he will be very in favour of eu cooperation . 
  for the rest wait and see but i will be very wary . 
  it happens in most western-style `` democracies '' . 
  it is definitly a problem but the only solution would be to force people to vote which happens in some countries but i am not in favour of it personally . 
  basically yeah . 
  it sacrifices people representation to make sure reforms can be done . 
  he is very pro-business economically but very socially progressive . 
  he is classified as center right or center left depending on who you ask . 
  starting from left : * lfi/pcf : far left . 
  melenchon could probably be compared to corbyn . 
  mildly euroskeptics . 
  * ps : moderate left . 
  * lrem / modem : macron party , very pro-eu and pro-business center right . 
  socially progressive . 
  * lr : good old conservatives .
