  haha some people are just impossible . 
  same for me , what kind of thing beginning with `` who '' and ending with `` pper '' could i be ordering in a fast food chain dubbed `` home of the whopper '' ? 
  do n't you have public libraries in your universities ? 
  they had all the books there and we had public xerox machines on which we could xerox whatever we wanted for a small fee to cover the paper / ink costs . 
  we could also buy the book of course but no one did that . 
  apart from the girl who very rudely pretended to not understand my order at burger king in london , not really not . 
  to give an idea i have worked with british partners fully in english for years . 
  i may have an accent but if brits can understand me talking about funding programmes i am sure my english is understandable enough to order a bloody whopper . 
  the 400 $ is not unemployment benefits . 
  they are rsa which are basically bare minimum if you do n't have the right to anything else . 
  unemployment depends on your last salary and is limited in time so you have to work from time to time if you want to keep it . 
  if you are under a certain level of income you have access to apl which is benefits helping your with the rent . 
  the amount depends on the money you earn and your situation . 
  right now it 's a bit blurred since macron is an outsider from a brand new party . 
  therefore it is hard to know right now who will fight him and who will work with him in the assembly . 
  all points at parties being a bit torn apart with some people supporting macron and some people fighting him . 
  if you want an overview of the parties : parti socialiste ( left ) : some will fight him , the most right leaning will probably work with him on occasion . 
  les r\u00e9publicains ( right ) : basically the same except it will probably be the most left leaning working with him on occasion . 
  front national ( far right ) : will probably be among his fiercest opponents but they would need to get some seats to be considered opposition , this is absolutly not guaranteed since they were ahead [ in only two d\u00e9partements ] ( https://i.redd.it/azyybrbhlawy.png ) and we have no proportional . 
  france insoumise ( far left ) : may or may not do good . 
  they may get shafted hard by the lack of proportional too . 
  if they get enough seats they will probably fight macron a lot too . 
  right now it 's impossible to know for sure who the opposite is since none of the mainstream parties went to second round so we are in a very unusual and unique position . 
  wait and see . 
  i do n't necessarily think it is a bad thing . 
  some people like another system ( generally with less welfare , less taxes ) and they are free to go and experience it . 
  sure . 
  the two biggest ones in france are [ `` braderie de lille '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braderie_de_lille ) and [ `` r\u00e9derie d'amiens '' ] ( http://www.grande-rederie-amiens.com/the-great-rederie-of-amiens/ ) . 
  both events are pretty big and bring in a lot of visitors and sellers from different countries . 
  [ the answer to this question should be obvious ] ( http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/510adfc46bb3f76f76000000-480/eastern-poland.jpeg ), 
  yeah , it 's very cute . 
  it has to do with the fact roasts are a staple of english gastronomy . 
  like the frog for french people or burgers for americans . 
  honestly and it may sound arrogant or dickish but it depends on the country . 
  eu can definitly work without uk but i do n't really see eu working without both france or germany . 
  if you can somehow live off 400 $ , sure . 
  in most cities you wo n't ever find an appartment for that amount though so that means you 'll be living in the streets for the foreseeable future . 
  french guy here . 
  our polling companies have selected a group of polling stations which have been proven as consistently representative of the final result of the elections and they use them to draw estimates that are generally very accurate . 
  also as said somewhere else with two candidates counting goes very fast . 
  i participated in counting votes at my local voting station today which is in the center of lyon ( the third french city in size ) . 
  the voting station closed at 8 pm , we closed the doors and immediatly got to counting . 
  i was at my home before 9 pm . 
  that 's where you are wrong . 
  he fooled no one . 
  everyone knew he was pretty much hollande bis . 
  hollande supported him openly and the medias relayed that information . 
  you seem very poorly informed on what information was known or not to the french public . 
  people still preferred the establishment to le pen because she is a crazy and incompetent person where french people generally look for composure and technical knowledge in a politician regardless of whether they are establishment or not . 
   what are your reasons for pro-eu ? 
  simply because i believe we are stronger together . 
  for all its faults eu definitly brought us together and brought prosperity and lasting peace . 
  it may seem naive but pretty much 100 % of europeans had grandparents fighting and often dying in pointless wars less than a century ago because of nationalism and it shaped our mentality strongly . 
  i think it needs some reforms of course but some eu is definitly better than no-eu for me , imperfect as it is . 
   where is the line between pro-france and discrimination ? 
  what is being anti-france to you ? 
  being an islamist ? 
  i agree . 
  being a muslim ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  i have met many examples of muslims who are glad to be in france and feel at home working and living here in peace . 
  marine is willfully blurring the line between those people and the assholes running over people with stolen trucks and i wo n't stand up for that . 
  if someone chooses to join an islamist group he should bear the consequences of his choice and if those are being shot dead by the police i wo n't shed a tear . 
  everyone else is okey in my book whether they are muslims , jews , gays or whatnot . 
   and why did marine choose to fail in that regard ? 
  did she have to send a more hateful message in order to resonate with the right ? 
  depends what right . 
  economically liberal right is pretty happy with macron . 
  socially conservative right is not very happy with macron . 
  tough on crime right is still on the fence but would probably more lean toward marine too . 
  a more hateful message is definitly the opposite of what she needs to do . 
  her father did that for 50 years or so and it never really worked . 
  he resonated strongly with the more hardline far right people but repulsed more moderate voters because of his craziness . 
  you just ca n't win an election in france by being extreme . 
  the whole system strongly encourages compromises and generally rewards the ability to expand toward the center . 
  fillon was too hardline and repulsed anyone not strictly right wing . 
  same with melenchon on the left . 
  both macron and le pen actively wooed left wing voters despite being on the right and that 's basically what brought them to second round . 
  le pen lost because despite her claims of being much more moderate than her father she refuses to fully abandon the fn brand which is traditionnally seen as the `` skinhead party '' and strongly associated with her crazy father who is still honorary president of the fn . 
  this is seen as very ambiguous to say the least . 
  she also failed to project the image of someone competent or worthy to be president . 
  agressive attitudes like trump 's are not something that generally appeal to french voters . 
  french people generally look for people who look well-composed and competent more than someone able to `` destroy '' their opponent . 
  discussing with some people i know who vote fn , even them did not understand what the fuck she was thinking during the debate . 
  she barely mentioned her project ( which was seen as a sign that discussing it would damage her which is never a good sign ) and kept attacking macron and telling lies that were debunked live on internet hoping something would stick which was seen as a sign of dishonesty and / or incompetence . 
  her party trying to exploit macronleaks ( which we now know contained nothing of interest ) two hours before the media blackout to make sure macron could not defend himself was seen as very cheap tactics unworthy of a head of state too . 
  i voted melenchon first round ( conviction vote ) and then macron in second round ( to bar le pen from power ) . 
  the good points : * macron means closer links with our european partners and that 's something i am looking forward to . 
  * through this vote french people also said a clear no to far right extremism and that 's definitly good . 
  * macron is socially liberal and definitly against racism and bigotry of all sorts and that 's something i agree with . 
  * he seems like a reasonable chap . 
  the bad points : * macron does not speak much about ecology so we should not expect much in this regard . 
  * macron is clearly economically liberal . 
  this is not something i generally like in my politicians as i generally vote left wing . 
  let 's hope he is not too much pro-austerity because austerity boosts the fn hard and is one of le pen 's favorite topics along with immigration . 
  as a conclusion i would say that i am glad macron beat le pen because frankly she is horrid but macron is kind of an unknown quantity on a lot of things . 
  it could turn out good or just be average to bad and of course his results will have a big impact on the next elections in five years . 
  i will vote melenchon again in the legislatives to try and force him to lean a bit more on the left and take ecology more into account but all in all i do n't hate the guy , i just have different opinions . 
  scotland . 
  also the part of belgium who speak an intelligible language but i doubt they would want it .
