  that 's really cool . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  please do n't fuck it up . 
  he has always been a bully and she tried to expell him from the party he created . 
  he is very much a `` never forget , never forgive '' type of guy . 
  i understand your point and it is a fair one to make . 
  you are wrong when you think that far left parties do not get flack for being far left though . 
  melenchon has been consistently accused of being the friend of dictators and a stalinist during the elections . 
  problem is that it does not stick as well because left wing parties have dropped the idea of making a communist economy / society a long time ago . 
  melenchon wants more protection for workers , protection of environment and equal rights for women / minorities . 
  apart from that he is okey with market economy , he just wants its worst aspects regulated . 
  fn has been created by ex collaborationnists and ex oas ( a far right terrorist organization from the 60 's ) as a political front and not once did the new leadership denounced these past allegiances . 
  actually they are still very friendly with most of the organizations carrying on the ideology of oas and even with a couple straight up nazi groups . 
  i never said any and all supporter of far right parties are fascists . 
  there are also a lot of people who are desperate because they have been duped several times by other parties and see no other way out and i am very sad about that . 
  fn is still a party initially created by fascists for fascists and them getting to power would definitly be a bad news for democracy and rule of law as we know it . 
  we have no proportional so making far reaching coalition is very much advised , especially if you are from an outsider party . 
  if it is a strategy ( i do n't think so personally , jean marie is a vicious animal and he never forgave his daughter for trying to expell him from the party he founded ) it is a losing one and the fn probably knows it . 
  it 's not impossible but i think you overestimate the fn 's strategic skills and discipline and underestimate the beef between jean marie and marine . 
  still not impossible but i do n't buy it personally . 
  jean marie has always been a wild card and it has been pretty clear for the last years that his retirement plan is to make things difficult for marine and then laugh at her anytime she fails . 
  haha yeah she is cute as hell . 
  she would look awesome in a sweet hugo boss outfit . 
  marion is definitly much more radical than marine . 
  she is well liked by jean maries sympathizers generally speaking . 
  it is a possibility . 
  i personally think marion saw this coming and got the fuck away before the debacle so she can come back spotless later . 
  essentially it means the more hardline elements of the fn who always were skeptical of marine which they perceived as a left leaning softy will probably go with jean marie which they still see as the rightful iron fist leader of the fn . 
  marine will remain with the more moderate elements . 
  it means that the fn vote will be shared between the two which probably annihilates any shot marine 's fn could have had at getting seats in parliament . 
  once again jean marie le pen seems to take a sadistic pleasure in trolling his daughter , for the delight of all of non-fascist french people . 
  translation :  in a joint declaration made this morning , jean marie le pen , carl lang and alain escada , the heads of the comit\u00e9s jeanne , of the parti de la france and of civitas ( catholic right ) , announced the creation of an alliance for the legislative elections . 
   this partnership will compete directly with the front national , presenting `` between 150 and 200 '' candidates . 
   each component of the alliance is entitled to public fundings if 50 candidates get more than 1 % of the votes during the first round of the legislatives . 
   the open support of jean marie le pen will be present on the campaign posters of all the candidates of this alliance . 
  co-founder of the fn , jean marie le pen is still president of honour , despite having been expelled in august 2015 , by viture of a decision of justice . 
   among the 150 to 200 candidates , about 60 will come from `` comit\u00e9s jeanne '' , 60 from `` partie de la france '' and about 25 from civitas . 
  the siel should send 70 to 80 candidates . 
  royalist candidates could also join this alliance . 
  all of them will be administratively be part of a partnership called `` union des patriotes '' . 
  oh god your surfer boy was so bad he gave me nightmares . 
  i do not blame him . 
  le pen not winning proves you wrong . 
  if i had to choose between voting le pen and merkel to lead france i would choose merkel without hesitation . 
  he is just old . 
  he looked normal when [ he was just a young paratrooper allegedly torturing people in algeria ] ( https://www.tuxboard.com/photos/2011/02/jean-marie-le-pen-jeune.jpg ), 
  marion is much much more conservative than marine . 
  long time fans of jean marie are all about marion and dislike marine and philippot greatly because they are too left wing for them . 
  macron is not left though so it is not really astonishing that he gets chummy with moderate lr . 
  he is apparently an experienced politician but totally unknown by 99 % of french people . 
  there are two things in france that always increases approval ratings for a president which generally does not in most country : * going to war * revelation of an affair, 
  the difference being that macron openly said that he was pro-business / pro-finance so people do not feel betrayed . 
  is jon snow hated ? 
  i thought he was pretty badass in the last season . 
  a man in power can make your life difficult without aks . 
  they can start by not giving you access to events , forbidding their staff to talk to you , flood your boss with official complaints , giving interviews to all your competitors and not to you etc. . . 
  i did not vote for him but he has a great sense of humour and seems like a truly nice person . 
  his terrible approval ratings are mainly due to him looking awkward a lot of the times , not explaining well what he does and in some cases doing the opposite of what he was elected for which a lot of people took as a betrayal of their trust . 
  you description is unfair too . 
  p\u00e9tain was not just doing damage control , he had a clear political agenda for france ( basically a french version of fascism based on the `` work , family , fatherland '' motto with an anti-english agenda ) and exploited nazi invasion to make it happen . 
  he manipulated reynaud to get a foot in the government , then purposefully called for troops to surrender ( without any mandate to do so ) . 
  and he just basically saw the dire situation of france as a good opportunity to make it true and was willing to collaborate with the nazis and give up the jews if it made it true . 
  he basically wilfully sabotaged any shot we had to not go the unconditional surrender way ( let alone tons of jewish people ) for his own political gain . 
  yes we can and that 's not what is questioned here . 
  he is pointing out that hollande made his work easier by actually going out of his way to do things he was not necessarily required to do to help them do their job even if it could have been damaging for him . 
  nowhere does he talk about permission . 
  marechal petain , the man who took power in france during ww2 and collaborated openly with the nazis . 
  translation of the short paragraph : fran\u00e7ois hollande is preparing to leave presidency . 
  after showing once again the hilarious blunders of the former president , the host yann barth\u00e8s thanked him warmly for having let his team work in total freedom : `` let it be known that under fran\u00e7ois hollande , our teams have always been respected by the staff , they have always been treated as equal with other medias . 
  fran\u00e7ois hollande always talked to us when we had question on difficult topics , our teams have always been free to work with his staff , free to criticize , free to mock him like we just did for five minutes , without even a single complaint phone call . 
  not a single phone call . 
  i was purposefully vague . 
  i let the experts discuss the actual figures . 
  seems like a no brainer : raise wages of german workers a bit and raise the prices of your goods a bit too . 
  this way the germans are happy and it should curb export surplus lightly . 
  there is a cool effect where some steam gets out of their noses that 's pretty fun attention to detail . 
  we at / r/lyon do n't post much but we are a cool bunch always up for a beer or giving out information !, 
  you have n't gotten the memo ? 
  literally everything european people do has to do with the us . 
  they misled no one . 
  they just planted fake documents to delay the hackers . 
  this type of leak is unreliable to begin with and you should not believe anything you see in them . 
  if you are misled because you consulted leaks published on internet by god knows who and took them at face value it 's your own fault . 
  [ my go to gif for this kind of situations ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lptpwru.gif ), 
  cool , everyone knows about genoan crossbowmen vs british longbowmen . 
  never noticed there were bohemians too . 
  chirac was not a very useful president at home but he rocked in foreign policies .
