  i have a very cool japanese shop very close to my house . 
  i sometimes go and buy a couple snacks or frozen [ natto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natt%c5%8d ) . 
  we are not so much against circumcision than we are against mutilating babies who can not consent for absolutly no valid reason . 
  if a grown up man wants to be circumcised it is its choice . 
  may i see your tripadvisor page ? 
  pretty much no one wants to be circumcised . 
  you are mutilated for idiotic traditional or religious reasons as a baby in both cases . 
  thing is for vat the companies are the ones who pay to the state . 
  essentially as sellers they gather the taxes from the customers and then pay it back to the state . 
  so if you sell for 11 000 $ to customers in france products with a vat of 10 % you essentially owe 1100 $ to france that you gathered from your customers . 
  yeah , this system may be complicated for companies selling to several countries since you basically have to keep track of everything which is hard to do for small businesses . 
  what do you mean ? 
  heating units that are poorly installed can be terribly dangerous depending on the energy used . 
  mine works with natural gas and i would not let anything but a real certified professional near it . 
  i do n't want to die of o2 poisoning or blow up my appartement . 
  i totally understand that these have to be installed by professional by law . 
  op could have went with another contractor if he was not happy with this one 's conditions . 
  it 's a pourcentage of the price added to it . 
  there generally are various rates . 
  first necessity products like basic food generally have a very low rate while `` luxury '' items are generally more taxed . 
  yeah , the common stereotype of french people only caring about their own cuisine is extremely wrong . 
  we are obsessed every food from everywhere , including filthy junk food . 
  it 's legally required if i want to keep my french citizenship . 
  the duomo in florence . 
  florence is the first trip abroad i made with my so , i knew the city quite well from erasmus but she did n't at all . 
  in fact she did n't know anything about italy while i spoke the language fluently and had done several trips there already . 
  i will always remember the first time she saw it , the look of awe on her face and then her bursting into tears ( she is a very emotive person ) . 
  that 's a great memory and i will probably remember it until my last day . 
  the fact we happen to share those does not mean no other nation shares them . 
  it already exists . 
  we have good american themed restaurants and they are pretty popular . 
  even the junkfood ones are pretty popular even if everyone realizes they are extremely unhealthy . 
  guts are awesome . 
  makes me crave for some [ fiorentine lampredotto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lampredotto ) . 
  who is the madman who came up with this idea ? 
  haha no i am not joking . 
  they dip it in eau de vie . 
  no idea , mate . 
  i never personally tasted it . 
  can you describe what it is ? 
  only the sardinian [ casu marzu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casu_marzu ) has a wikipedia page in english but it is consumed in corsica too . 
  basically it 's cheese with living maggots . 
  you can either eat it with or without the maggots . 
  yeah i cited food safety but they are many things that would need to be harmonized and i do n't see why any part in this would have to change their laws so it 's pretty much stuck for me . 
  yep . 
  49-3 is seen as a disgrace by a lot of french people and one of the reason why a part of french electorate want a new constitution . 
  i am okeyish with nato because i know our eastern european friends are reassured by it . 
  concerning free trade i think we have very big differences with the us in the way we see food safety and i feel like if we start free trade with the us one of us is going to have to change their laws to adapt to the other and i do n't want either the us or the eu to do that . 
  we can stay friends and keep being different . 
  i feel bad for american people having to live with such a clown because that 's really how he is seen abroad . 
  that being said i do welcome him committing less in europe since it will force our countries to unite more and strengthen our common defense policy . 
  problem is that trump 's personality tends to be terribly counter productive . 
  for example concerning the visit to merkel , germany has been increasing its defense spending regularly to try and meet the 2 % , they did not wait for trump and they truly are working towards it , they said they would meet them by 2024 ( to which the us had agreed under the former administration ) and it looks like they are going to be true to their word . 
  now trump arrives and scolds merkel openly about her not being in the 2 % limit : congratulations asshole , you made it ten times more difficult for her to sell increases in defense budget because she ca n't appear to be taking orders from a foreign country . 
  she probably will anyway but trump just made her more difficult and for what ? 
  flattering his own inflated ego ? 
  that 's just extremely poor politics from trump . 
  it makes trump look extremely unprofessional and , frankly , stupid . 
  it 's like he would be ready to shoot himself in the foot if it somehow made him look cool . 
  i am being kind of an ass to be honest fortunately 49-3 is very unpopular so they do n't use it that often as it damages their credibility . 
  1 government writes any retarded bullshit on a piece of paper 2 government sends it to parliament 3 government uses [ 49-3 procedure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_49_of_the_french_constitution#commitment_of_responsibility_on_a_bill_.2849.3.29 ) 4 congratulation your law has passed without anyone having the opportunity to discuss or modify it, 
  benzema too !, 
  buffon is not just an awesome keeper , he is also classy as fuck . 
  he definitly earned my undying respect when he started clapping during [ the marseillaise that was being booed by some italian fans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxcfca6fyxg ) , making them stop immediately . 
  it probably has more to do with the fact that we happened to have a few great judokas in my opinion . 
  david douillet and now teddy riner to only cite them . 
  yeah , franks and celts living in today 's french territories are definitly seen as our ancestors . 
  well yeah , we just do n't speak about it and the majority of the population is atheist / agnostic so he hardly will be special for not being religious . 
  it just looks like he got his informations from / r/the _ donald, 
   originally , i wanted to go to france , they teach french in schools , and i 've been studying the language on my own and gotten good at it , but with the increasing muslim population , mass immigration , and the terrorist attacks , i 'm not going to continue with language . 
  i actually laughed at this . 
  are you for real ? 
  not to me . 
  i think she started it by putting everyone in the same basket and then drawing conclusions about you . 
  in amiens we have [ lafleur ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/lafleur_ ( marionnette ) ) which is a character from traditional puppet shows . 
  his life is centered around cursing , eating , drinking and playing tricks on the police . 
  the shows are sometimes played in picard language . 
  he is pretty close to [ guignol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guignol ) from lyon . 
  i do n't know , mate . 
  she seems to have an awful lot of preconceived notions about turkish people specifically . 
  she has a right to have those but she should not let them dictate how she treats her customers or potential customers . 
  banning all turkish people out of principle may not be racist since turkish people are technically not a race but it is definitly discrimination in my book . 
  yeah and also they wo n't just stay there . 
  they are travelling people so giving them land kind of defeats the point . 
  you realize you are far from being as subtle as you think ? 
  pretty much everyone here understood within minutes that you actually want to talk about races . 
  you should just say it and i would be happy to share views with you on the topic , no need to use unsubtle comparisons . 
  mainly in my experience european do not care a lot about cars . 
  they will take something that works well , does not guzzle too much gas and perhaps even more important something small enough to park in their city . 
  i do n't watch it but i went to the us and was baffled by the amount of advertisement . 
  it really felt like it was 75 % advertisement and 25 % actual shows / movies / whatever . 
  i know it is not the case but that 's how it felt to me . 
  also advertisement for drugs : wtf , let your physician give you the drug that fits your case best , the guy studied that shit for 10 years . 
  if the baby is raised by my family as a member of my family ( say we do n't notice the switch ) , then he / she will think and behave like someone from my family . 
  if his biological family was to meet him at 30 years old , his core values would be as foreign to them as any other member of my family . 
  full face coverage is technically banned so it 's normal not to see a lot of them . 
  french tradition is universalist but not multicultural and that 's the way i like it . 
  it basically means anyone is free to join in and bring something to french culture as long as they adopt french culture itself . 
  if you are going to come and live in your own culture on french territory you are going to be seen as an asshole and you are going to have a hard time and generally speaking it would be better if you stay home in your own country . 
  if you come with a true interest in french way of life and culture and try your best to fit in then you are welcome mate .
