  my favorite is when churchill showed up for a military briefing with a polka dot bowtie and de gaulle asked him if he had a costume party planned later and churchill answered `` we ca n't all dress like the unknown soldier . '', 
  have you actually read marx ? 
  because whether you agree with him or not it is definitly an interesting read and the difference between what marx advocated and what was done in ussr is great . 
  as i said to the other person : i think people just like the gossiping and it makes them look more human . 
  i think the people just like the gossiping and it reflects slightly positively on the politician in question . 
  it would probably not get anyone elected if that reassures you . 
  it just gives him a fallible , human face . 
  `` it 's not good for a politician . '', 
  '' ... why ? '', 
  worst thing is it is definitly true in france . 
  everytime a president is revealed to have a woman on the side his ratings always go up a few points . 
  it literally never fails . 
  i am claiming uk was more interested in bitching and moaning than on bringing any alternative model to the table . 
  the whole sentence is important , not just the first part . 
  in any group if you just complain about what other people propose and never offer any alternative your voice will never be heard and therefore the project will go ahead the way others want it . 
  that 's just life . 
  saying `` i knew it would go this way '' afterward is just stating the obvious . 
  read it again and tell me how it does not except if you do n't make any difference between `` bitching and moaning '' and `` suggestions and constructive criticism '' . 
  the eu is taking this direction because the uk was always more interested in bitching and moaning than in offering any suggestion or constructive criticism . 
  the reason for that is that your politicians needed to blame their errors on eu and take credit for anything good the eu to get elected , helped in that by your awful pravda level tabloids . 
  saying now that it takes the direction you expected just makes me go `` duh !, 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  france and germany are waiting to see if anyone is actually interested in working together with us . 
  that the whole eu is allowed in goes without saying since they are already part of eu . 
  basically the idea is that the government spends to shelter people from the worst effects of the recession so that people in return are not afraid to spend , fueling the economy . 
  if you go full austerity mode then so do the people who save money in fear of the bad days to come and your economy takes a hit , making the recession worse . 
  that 's why austerity is an absolut scam . 
  yeah bretagne is so overlooked by foreign tourists it 's crazy . 
  alsace too is awesome . 
  strikes are not against tourists , strikes are against our government trying to strip french workers of their rights so their mogul friends can make some more money using people like slaves . 
  i understand that it may be annoying as tourists but this is our worker 's lives that are at stakes and it is a bit more important . 
  if you want to complain about strikes complain to the french government not to the people fighting for their rights . 
  i am not in anyway alt-right but if there is any truth to what they claim it is definitly something that i would like investigated thoroughly . 
  not all ngos are selfless angels and some are downright scummy when there is money in play and i would not be absolutly astonished to learn that some of them actually keep contact with people smugglers so they can later claim to be the ngo that saved the most refugees of all to increase their donations . 
  i would like an official organizations to investigate it though , not far right morons on a rented boat . 
  this is not exactly a supermarket chain . 
  this is a massive shipyard that can be used to build big military ships . 
  the ones suing are actually the ones that have been rejected . 
  there is no individual market anymore , eu is a single market and share the same rules . 
  depends what the queen looks like to be honest . 
  i drank and dashed in vannes once . 
  it was at a big caf\u00e9 and we asked for the bill three times and the waiter always said `` sure , i 'll bring it to you in a minute '' but never did . 
  at some point we were going to get late so we just got up and walked away . 
  i am not sure the guy ever realized we left . 
  thank you shitty waiter for the free beers . 
  it 's from a belgian movie called dikkenek . 
  i spent 5 minutes typing an explanation of it but realized in the end that it was not funny at all . 
  basically the arabic guy is ordering food but 95 % of what is funny is the way he talks . 
  six feet under , where he belongs . 
  [ with sauce dallas ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnpb5cprssu ), 
  not really , it 's a bit too bulky to issue to a vehicle crew . 
  they did give a hand , it 's true . 
  and now i am craving a cornet de frite with a fuckton of mayo . 
  thank you very much op . 
   he does n't care . 
  he 's just using rhetorics that will get him popularity at home . 
  i am not sure people will care much about that to be honest . 
  people often seem to greatly overestimate how much the random western europe voter knows or care about v4 and intra-eu dick contests in general . 
  i do n't know for sure what macron is trying to pull off here but i doubt it 's a popularity stunt . 
  that 's the problem to me . 
  it means getting in power is more important to her than her own ideas and values which reflects poorly on her in my opinion . 
  i am not saying she kills europeans , that 's an analogy . 
  i just think it is weird to accept a job that goes against the values you defend . 
  i think the courageous thing would have been to quit in this kind of situation . 
  now she just looks like she is ready to defend anything providing she stays in power . 
  i do n't see how, 
  it 's more akin to accepting a job slaughtering animals for the food industry while being a pro-animal rights vegetarian . 
  of course you are free to do so but it is still a bit weird to me . 
  it 's not what is in question . 
  why in hell would she accept the job if it means doing things against her values ? 
  not anywhere near as many as what is generally believed . 
  they did not kill the nobles as a matter of principle , they only killed those who refused the revolution and fought it actively . 
  under the old regime nobility was the military . 
  french feudal society was divided in nobility which were the armed arm of the nation , clergy which dealt with education and spiritual health of the nation and the tiers-\u00e9tat which was basically everything else . 
  a lot of these families have veeeery long traditions of serving in the army . 
  why do people keep bringing brexit up ? 
  uk had an opt out and this issue therefore never affected them directly . 
   different versions emerge in the media no ? 
  unless you have any element pointing to another version what you are implying is pure speculation fueled by your own fantasies . 
  neither did brigitte macron . 
  he tried to initiate something and she flat out refused . 
  she only started seeing him after he was out of school and much older . 
  neither did brigitte macron . 
  he tried to initiate something and she flat out refused . 
  she only started seeing him after he was out of school and much older . 
  i feel like this is a bit unfair . 
  he is the one who initiated and she initially rejected him because he was too young and a student . 
  she only gave in several years later when he was older and no longer a student . 
  also he has more personal wealth than her . 
  you are fake news, 
  i am a 31 y o french guy and i have yet to see that so i guess you are right . 
  no one i know had any hand in us revolution . 
  demanding credit for that would be ridiculous . 
  damn , you really made me crave some good ole captain igloo fish fingers . 
  `` and had two ungrateful little shites . '', 
  [ `` french people !, 
  you are neither sold out , nor betrayed , nor abandoned . 
  come to me with trust . 
  '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hzfzgnq.jpg ) p\u00e9tainist propaganda following france 's defeat and collaborationnist marshall p\u00e9tain 's power seizing .
