  i mean we have so much murder and bloodshed in our history , there was a time when something like nice or paris was just a pretty uneventful week . 
  we pretty much wrote the book of terror ourselves . 
  damn , good job polan ' !, 
  it 's always good to hear some good piece of news from time to time . 
  i hope the world youth day goes well . 
   also , at this point this meme might as well just be for germany i highly doubt we are off the hook yet . 
  yeah , he just came from syria to have an argument and kill someone with a machete . 
  no one is wondering why he had a machete in the first place , right ? 
  everyone is walking with machetes over here it 's a perfectly normal thing and is absolutly no sign of him having sinister intentions . 
  everytime something like that happens it 's lies upon lies upon lies and i am just tired of that , mate . 
  even the guy in nice they tried to explain to people that he had no link to isis and was just heartbroken over his wife or something , soon they will explain to us that al-baghdadi has no link to terrorism and did all that because he was bummed out because his favorite football team lost or because he experienced racism or something . 
  maybe this one had terrorist purposes , maybe not . 
  but maybe if they did not keep lying to us people would stop assuming they are lied to . 
  it 's like the lying ex we all have , maybe she told the truth sometimes but at some points it gets impossible to believe it . 
  please enlighten me . 
  if you do n't see the difference between two people fighting it out and someone coming from middle east to bring war to european lands then you are the one with an agenda . 
  you can throw frozen burgers like shurikens . 
  the basic \u00e9l\u00e9ments of a zip gun are crazy easy to get . 
  you just need some sturdy tube to use as a barrel and some kind of mechanism to hit the bullet at the right spot . 
  this is technically all you need to fire a bullet . 
  of course you would need more to make it useable in the streets but the basics are really easy to get . 
  honestly i think it is impossible to know for sure . 
  it 's like the debate in france on whether someone would have been a resistant , a collaborator or just someone living their lives . 
  it 's impossible to know as most of the time joining one side of the other was a question of occasion more than anything else . 
  a lot of people who hid jews are just people who found jews hiding in their barn or saw jews escaping from the authorities and just had seconds to decide what to do with that and ended up just acting the way they did without thinking long term or anything . 
  you say that but maybe you would be the guy finding himself by pure luck in the terrorist 's blindspot and just tackling him from behind without even considering your safety . 
  adrenaline does that to people . 
  yeah , ideally it would be better if i did the rest first . 
  tackling a `` allahu akbar '' shouting terrorist shouting `` for the emperor '' is now on my bucketlist . 
  i think he went berzerk and did not think this through . 
  i do n't think you would do something like this if you take time to think about it . 
  / r/nocontext would love your comment . 
  as i said they did not even wait for the conclusions of the coroner so it 's pretty obvious that they wanted to riot anyway . 
  it would just be the us committing seppuku . 
  i would regret them just like i will regret uk when they go through with their brexit but it would certainly mean more loss of power and influence than they would want . 
  it would be the end of their arms industries too . 
  yeah among other things . 
  yep they certainly did not wait for the conclusions to riot which certainly shows that they wanted to riot anyway . 
  and other european nations were totally right about it . 
  it has been showed since then what a lot of people suspected in france : that sarkozy had very personal reasons to go there . 
  i want 100.000.000 $ on my account . 
  it 's not because someone wants something that it is going to happen . 
  is hollande going to decide alone of this army 's deployment ? 
  everything in your comment is completly ridiculous . 
  i seriously doubt you even read the article . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to imply but they are all free to go whenever they want . 
  it happened in the past . 
  or people trying hard to show they are not supporters of the coup even though they totally are . 
  agreed . 
  as much as i like to shit on ubisoft this has no direct link to them . 
  she died skiing , that 's all . 
  why or for whom she was skiing is completly irrelevant unless there is a clear sign that they willingly endangered her . 
  the worrying thing is i would have agreed that it was probably not a durable concern one year ago , now i am not really sure anymore . 
  i ca n't fathom how some people still are into the `` i am not into child porn , therefore my privacy has zero value to me '' . 
  it is so short sighted it makes me die a little inside everytime i see it . 
  yeah of course . 
  apparently it was cardiac arrest which could be natural or not . 
  val d'oise is a departement so it 's pretty vague to qualify it in one word since there are both cities , national parks and an airport there . 
  there are some pretty shitty areas though and i would expect them to be where it happened . 
  it 's similar to the recent riots in the us after the death of a black person in the hands of the police . 
  whether he is a criminal or not is not really relevant , someone who is arrested should not be killed except if he is in danger of escaping or is an immediate threat to someone else 's life . 
  i do n't see how you can tell that they are being tolerant though . 
  they say the exact same things in france . 
  weird is n't it ? 
  yep and strong upper bodies were required to throw grenades which weighed a ton at the time . 
  that and also his old guard that followed him around everywhere were cherry picked among the biggest , meanest looking veterans of the french army . 
  it 's as if you got yourself a guard of `` the mountain '' sized men to follow you around everywhere , anyone seeing your from afar would think you are a midget . 
  for pompidou it 's the height of the centre pompidou , a building named after him . 
  he was not 46 m high . 
  i think . 
  i do n't know , mate i was not there . 
   i was just trying to explain that the current government is absolutly hated by most people and that anytime they appear in public they are booed and insulted . 
  it did not occur to you that it is the reason i answered your ignorant comment in the first place ? 
  most corsican people know what they owe to france and consider themselves french . 
  saying otherwise just reeks of someone who only knows corsica through cherry picked news about the dumbasses independentists . 
  except i am corsican and i confirm you are talking about things you do n't know which make you ignorant ... 
  it 's not about this attack specifically . 
  hollande and him are pretty much universally hated in france . 
  their approval rating is around 10 % iirc which is by far the lowest anyone ever got . 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  corsica is in france and it was when napoleon was born . 
  are you really that ignorant ? 
  i may be wrong but i believe the turkish army is generally leaning more toward secularism and democracy . 
  if that is the case it could actually be a good thing . 
  yes , but who is coming after ? 
  not before knowing who is coming next . 
  honestly i just took it off wikipedia . 
  i just did the translation which took me 5 minutes top . 
  1916 : allied troops : russia , belgium , british and hindu . 
  1918 : us , belgian , british , greek , italian , polish , serbian and czechoslovakia 1939 : the brits alone 1994 : eurocorps 1999 : moroccan royal guard 2002 : wespoint academy ( us ) and new york firefighters as a tribute to 9/11 first responders . 
  2004 : the brits ( the air show is performed by the british red arrows too which is a first ) to commemorate the centennial of `` entente cordial '' 2005 : brazil - air show performed by brazilian air force 2007 : to commemorate the rome treaty , the 27 members of ue paraded alongside france . 
  2008 : un blue helmets ( international ) 2009 : india 2010 : thirteen former african colonies to commemorate their 50 years of independance from france 2013 : croatia and mali 2014 : centennial of the start of ww1 . 
  eighty countries participate : - south africa , albania , algeria , germany , armenia , macedonia , australia , austria , azerba\u00efdjan , bangladesh , belgium , benin , bielorussia , bosnia-herzegovina , bulgaria , burkina faso , cambodia , canada , china , cyprus , comores , ivory coast , congo , croatia , denmark , djibouti , spain , estonia , united-states , finland , gabon , georgia , greece , guinea , hungary , india , irelande , italy , japan , kazakhstan , kirghizistan , kosovo , laos , latvia , lituania , luxembourg , madagascar , mali , malta , marocco , mauritania , moldavia , monaco , montenegro , niger , norway , new-zealand , ouzbekistan , pakistan , netherlands , poland , portogal , czech republic , romania , united kingdom , russia , senegal , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , sweden , tadjikistan , chad , thailand , tunisia , turkmenistan , turkey , ukraine , vanuatu and vietnam . 
  as well as some soldiers in [ ww1 horizon blue uniforms ] ( http://scd.france24.com/fr/files_fr/imagecache/home_1024/article/image/140714-defile-14juillet-poilus.jpg ) 2015 : mexico 2016 : new-zealand, 
  hollande is shit too . 
  our president game is pretty poor lately . 
  broken clock, 
  populist is a politician who tells the people what they want to hear , regardless of whether it makes sense or is actually doable . 
  it is not synonymous with popular . 
  apparently it just rammed through the security barrages .
