  reddit is reddit , real world is real world . 
  sure there are problem there is no denying that and our countries need to do something about them , but it 's far from being as terrible as it is portrayed in the medias or on reddit . 
  oh , we do rye bread too no problem . 
  we are known for the basic baguette but we have a big variety of bread . 
  baguette is made to be consumed within the day so you only buy it if you are going to eat it immediatly , if someone wants bread that lasts longer we have that too . 
  your question was specifically about what constitutes integration . 
  they are 100 % allowed to dress in full religious garb , it is just seen by others as a way to separate themselves from the rest of the community . 
  the way you dress is not something that has no meaning , when someone dresses as a punk with a pink mohawk he is trying to send a message , it is the same here . 
  yeah , burgers are especially popular at the moment and we have a lot of independant restaurants with us themes . 
  they are generally a bit cheesy , with `` road 66 '' and `` harley davidson '' signs hanging on the walls next to pictures of new york and a couple flags from various baseball or us football teams . 
  even french restaurants do their own version of the hamburger using fresh local products and buns from the baker next door . 
  why would we disagree on what count as good bread ? 
  they were my favorite and still today they are considered cult in france especially among people born in the 80 's . 
   i ask this question because i feel a lot of people wo n't accept an expat as integrated unless you totally strip off your culture and tradition and fully embrace their way of living which i find crazy . 
  that 's what i understand by integrated though . 
  people are welcome to live and work in france but if they want to be french they just have to act like this . 
  if i went to a muslim country and somehow got the citizenship i would understand that i could not just go and behave like i do in france i would understand that i could not necessarily live the exact way i did in france and i would consider it normal . 
  i just ask the same from people coming to my country . 
  if you take the case of muslims since you mention it , they can do whatever they want at home or in their mosques but seeing a woman with a full veil and a man with a djellaba outside of a mosque is just a big `` fuck you , france is now a land of islam '' to me and a lot of other people and i just wonder why they do n't go ahead and move in a country more in accordance with their values if their religion is so important they even have to dress like they live in the middle ages . 
  basically it 's a lot about the attitude of the individuals . 
  whether they act like they live in conquered land or are actually interested in being part of the community . 
  a lot of french people who have to live in paris but were not born there do n't like it either . 
  personally one of my life goals is never having to move to paris . 
  florence , loved every minute of it . 
  the culture , the nightlife , the lampredotto . 
  i regularly come back to enjoy it again during holidays . 
  yeah , you are obviously talking out of your ass here . 
  if a total stranger asks me about my health or if my life is going the way i want it i generally assume it 's completly insincere because he does not know me and it 's just not their business . 
  insincere / nosy people generally get minimal responses . 
  i am okey with smalltalk in some settings and if i do n't know you do n't get all personal . 
  want to chat about the last game or current events ? 
  sure !, 
  want me to share with you whether i am married , if i want children , how much i make ? 
  sorry mate not interested . 
  so basically here there is a way to do smalltalk and most importantly there is a time and place . 
  that never happened . 
  saying hello , please and thank you is of utmost importance here , to the point where some shopkeepers may not answer you until you return their hello . 
  smiling like a mentally deficient person to everyone though is a bit weird but if you do n't overdo it it 's okey . 
  if you can make a meal out of good bread , cheese , pork products and a couple glasses of wine you are already half french whether you like or not . 
  used to be great . 
  nowadays it is kind of dominated by commercial processed shit with these fucking robot voices . 
  nothing . 
  we have bibliotheques universitaire attached to every university and when a teacher refers us to a book for a certain work we just go to these and work there from the book . 
  i never had to buy a book and it would be a bit stupid since any single book would be used maybe three times in the course of the year . 
   are long wait times really a thing ? 
  where ? 
  no , i can generally get an appointment with my physician for the next day . 
  er are often crowded so you may have to wait 2 hours but that 's er for you and it is pretty much like that anywhere . 
   is seeing a specialist any harder or more costly ? 
  no , i have to go see my physician and he makes me a prescription for an specialist if he thinks it is necessary , then i take appointment with the specialist and that 's all . 
  it 's not really more costly . 
   do people tend to opt for private healthcare and is it worth the extra cost ? 
  most of us have mutual funds to reimburse the small part of things that are not reimbursed normally . 
  for example for glasses the ones that are correctly reimbursed by the state are generally very basic and not very good looking , if you want nice brand-name glasses it 's better to have a good mutual fund . 
  i think citizens of countries that have no free healthcare are fed a lot of misinformation so they do n't want it even if it 's completly against their interest to not want it . 
  free healthcare benefits regular joes like you and me , private healthcare systems profit better the very rich . 
  am i a freak if i just go to youporn and have no idea what the actress is called ? 
  they are not loyal to a king in particular . 
  they want a return of a king at the head of the french nation . 
  bonapartists do not really exist anymore but most bonapartists in history accepted the idea of a republican regime . 
  in today 's world they would probably be gaullists ( strong executive , weak legislative , high centralization of powers and frequent use of referendums were staples of political bonapartism ) . 
  the bonapartists would be either part of [ ump ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_pour_un_mouvement_populaire ) ( right wing ) or [ debout la france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_arise ) ( right wing ) today . 
  concerning royalists they are generally divided in two in france , they are generally either '' [ orl\u00e9anistes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orl%c3%a9anist#fifth_republic_.281958.e2.80.93present.29 ) '' ( supporting [ henri d'orl\u00e9ans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_bourbon ) ) or '' [ l\u00e9gitimistes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimists ) '' ( who support [ louis alphonse de bourbon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_alphonse,_duke_of_anjou ) ) orl\u00e9anistes are generally seen as more moderate and l\u00e9gitimistes more conservative / traditionalists . 
  both are considered right-wing though . 
  seems obvious to me . 
  why separately research on the same stuff when we can pool our resources and scientists ? 
  it should remain a punctual thing to research stuff we are all interested in though . 
   our best beer is kronenbourg . 
  if you do n't know any other french beer it 's okey to say so or just not answer you know . 
  kronenbourg is generally joked about in france . 
  it is considered a cheap low level beer to get drunk ( considered you are willing to drink twenty to start feeling some alcohol related effect ) . 
  it is probably not the worst beer in france but it has very bad reputation . 
  i like `` la goudale '' which is pretty common as a pretty light `` thirst '' beer , ninkasi also does more than decent beers but they are only sold around lyon to my knowledge . 
  all in all i would say we have very decent beers to drink when you are thirsty or with a good dry sausage among friends . 
  we do n't really have many high level beers that you would drink and savour like you would a good wine . 
  for that we generally turn to belgian beers . 
  haha, 
  sure . 
  i also ( but do n't quote me on this ) i had the suspicion that london used eu fundings as a crutch to fund some of its poor areas . 
  i wonder if brexit will force them to change the way they redistribute money . 
  the most common one is `` sant\u00e9 ! '', 
  which is `` good health ! '' . 
  then everyone pretty much has their own ones , generally funny , sometimes dirty that they say among friends . 
  which means `` health , happiness and joy in your sister ! '' . 
  there is also an old cavalry toast that has gained back some popularity after chirac used it publicly in 1992 : `` to our wives , our horses and to those that mount them ! '', 
  from what i heard the council seems to have decided that norwich should be advantaged in most things . 
  i worked with local partners from yarmouth and they have very hard times getting funding from council while norwich organizations seem to have a much easier time . 
  that 's what they said anyway . 
  true but they hide very nice typically british facades . 
  i think they should have put not that many and maybe not straight onto the waterfront . 
  * - we won with fingers in the nose , they lost with fingers in the ass, 
  i being a bit sarcastic but yeah it 's not actually bad . 
  the fish and chips was great and i went to a portoguese restaurant that was pretty cool too . 
  the amusements seemed a bit cheesy to me though and i thought the slot machine things kind of a ruined what could be a great waterfront . 
  reddit would more be `` i see that i am not right but i prefer to die than admit it '', 
  just a toast i really like . 
  another one : * a nos femmes , \u00e0 nos chevaux et \u00e0 ceux qui les montent * - to our wives , our horses and those who ride them, 
  franco ontarien must be interesting are you often mistaken for an american ? 
  chocolatine is only used in the south west of france though, 
  `` we have food and wine .
