i know some unsavory people from my youth ( i used to be one of these football fans fighting it out in the streets ) and know a few identitarian ( i do n't share their views though ) . 
  as their name indicate their main point is `` the protection of european identity and traditions '' which mainly means `` islam and african cultures = shit '' . 
  i honestly met a couple french black guys rolling with ib , they were french blacks from oversee territories ( so not immigrants ) and no one seemed to care much about them being in ib . 
  it seems to me that religion and non white cultures becoming prevalent in europe is more important than colour to them . 
  are you saying journalists should let you make up your own mind about the issue they are covering and should just present it in a neutral way ? 
  people like you disgust me . 
  well , we got to the final . 
  technically that makes us the second best team in europe . 
  sure we could have been first but i would not really cry for that result honestly . 
  i am . 
  isds is madness and does not exist in eu . 
  stop pretending like you do n't see the difference between eu and ceta / ttip, 
  where have i said that i was against free trade ? 
  stop with these insane deals . 
  we do n't want to sell our government 's freedom to legislate freely on food safety and other important matters . 
  this has no price so stop trying to put one on it . 
  hitler was not super anti-asian , he made the japanese honorary aryans . 
  givi now, 
  if you look at numbers it 's not . 
  a few thousands is consdered a failed protest in france . 
  that 's basically this debate in a nutshell : is marriage a right , yes or no ? 
  the guys in the article disagree . 
  the fact we have loonies does not mean we need to import more loonies . 
  there are protests because anyone has a right to protest . 
  the number of participants is what people should focus on . 
  he already is . 
  the problem with what they claimed would happen is that all in all eu is far from a bad deal and anyone who actually looks at it seriously knows it . 
  the brexiters pretty much convinced themselves , aided by the medias and some politicians , that eu was the worst thing ever . 
  except convincing yourself does not change facts , just your perception of them . 
  yeah , love it . 
  i also love father ted , it crowd and black books though so i guess i just like british comedy . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  look i get that russia is mainly bombing anti-assad rebels so their pal wo n't get deposed , i get that they most probably kill many civilians in the process , i get that they do n't care at all about isis as long as assad can stay in power . 
  i get all that . 
  but come on , if they have to be investigated for that everyone has to be investigated too . 
  how many civilians killed by coalition bombings because they lived in a isis held city ? 
  how many civilians bombed to ashes in afghanistan ? 
  in lybia ? 
  collateral damage is part of any war or you would have to prove that russia very specifically targets civilians for what ? 
  seventy years ago my birth town was bombed by the germans , then by the allies probably with lots of casualties too . 
  i do n't see anyone on any side starting to sue anyone . 
  it 's just war . 
  every country has its own ugly hidden agenda . 
  i understand why we want assad gone , i understand that russia is in the way of that , but let 's be serious ... 
  oil and sarkozy 's ego mainly . 
  `` ghandi nuked france , because he felt like it . '', 
  you are pretty ignorant if you think that . 
  most of the wars were local between warlords . 
  the coalition coming to break stuff was just thursday to them . 
  i do n't know , i try to avoid this place as much as possible . 
  that would be pretty awesome . 
  there should be an international trump day where would paint ourselves orange and insult each other all day . 
  you should build a wall between northern and southern mexico and make southern mexico pay for it . 
  i am sure i could hook you up . 
   my brother has a way to get very good champagne for cheap too so let 's get our belly full and get plastered like we are millionaires . 
  can you play guitar too ? 
  if yes , you are most welcome . 
  do we need a reason for everything ? 
  it 's just a cool event allowing us to talk to others . 
  whose then ? 
  what country is sarkozy having by the balls ? 
  he is one of the most hated personalities in france . 
  79 % of french people said they did not want him back . 
  that 's the good answer in my opinion . 
  i think the problem people have with islam is not the religion itself but the fact that they still practice their religion a lot , something most of us stopped doing long ago . 
  he does n't care about what he says . 
  he is desperate so he is borrowing trump 's method : say stupid shit that does not make sense but will shock people and please the morons . 
  believe me , it is widely known . 
  having balls ? 
  maybe she did specifically so he could understand . 
  uk medias are like these creepy people who somehow get hold of your phone number and keep trying to start conversations with you even though you do n't answer ever and then keep making up stuff about you . 
  you would be hard pressed to find any comment from marine le pen actually insulting immigrants . 
  if she is a racist she is much more subtle than that . 
  i see that more as a `` let 's liquidate all witnesses '' situation . 
  it 's directly linked in my opinion . 
  invding spain despite them being our allies ? 
  does not sound like us !, 
  yeah that 's pretty much the objective of most of what they do . 
  i ca n't do mental gymanstics when i am not affirming anything . 
  i am pointing out another possibility that exists even if it is much less likely than right wing . 
  if you ca n't differenciate conditional from indicative i am sure there are excellent free courses online . 
   looks like france is winning a gold medal in tokyo u wot m8 ? 
  yeah that 's why it is unlikely to be them . 
  yeah , it is unlikely to be them but they threatened several imams preaching against violence so it could be possible in theory . 
  sure , except it 's not mental gymnastic and i am not trying to shift anything i just mention another possibility . 
  what fact is wrong in my comment ? 
  cite one . 
  could also be isis too . 
  they hate with a passion any muslim that is not actively fighting us and threatened several western imams . 
  you realize you always had an opt out and never was threatened with that to begin with ? 
  i just think pushing religion on children is nuts yeah . 
  i am not against religion in general but this particular aspect disgusts me . 
  is making muslims abide by the same laws everyone else abides alienating them ? 
  i am sorry i do n't really understand your point here . 
  in order to be constitutional french laws have to be general and non specific . 
  ostentatious religious symbols are forbidden in school in france , that 's law and that concerns buddhists and catholics as well as muslims . 
  it 's pretty much how it goes in any country when you are not happy with the laws in place . 
  a lot of french people do n't like the nanny state healthcare and they either deal with it or go to live and work in north america . 
  i do n't see why religious nuts ca n't do the same . 
  they already have a french passport which is a pretty powerful passport allowing you to live and work in many countries .
