  lots of it . '', 
  i live in lyon . 
  drink alcohol . 
  is this a trap question or something ? 
  went to great yarmouth for work related stuff , can confirm it was awesome . 
  no , it is pretty obvious to be honest . 
  as is often said : `` french people are italians in a bad mood . '' . 
  we even have the same awful piece of shit politicians . 
  we use a lot of them , they are generally pronunced in a way that is close to their origin . 
  jeans , parking ( the `` lot '' part somehow disappeared in the process ) , hamburger etc. . . 
  yeah astier is genius and not just in comedy . 
  do n't tell / r/france though . 
  i own a car but i very rarely use it . 
  i am thinking about ditching it to be honest . 
  he is among the most well known and successful humorists today in france i would say . 
  he does not really have a particular following that i know of , he is pretty politically correct . 
  he does not talk about politics or sensitive topics and talks mainly about everyday life so i guess he can appeal to pretty much anyone . 
  my personal opinion is that he is quite irregular , some of his shows i would rate as pretty good , some others i would rate as `` meh '' . 
  i generally prefer humorists who take more risks with the topics they talk about but i do n't think he is all bad either . 
  i do respect the fact that he is trying to start over from scratch in a foreign country where no one knows him , it takes balls . 
  pretty useful when you go hiking . 
  allows you to make very nice pictures of yourself and have a good view of the background too . 
  if both the cheese and the bread are good it 's awesome . 
  and we love every minute of it . 
  we are like that : 100 % unadultered evil . 
  it 's just a guess from me so take it with \u00e0 grain of salt but if they never learnt any foreign language and never travelled abroad i guess they just ca n't appreciate the effort you are doing , they just think `` i ca n't understand what this guy is saying '' . 
  we generally divide it evenly except if someone really took much more things than the others , then it is polite of the person in question to offer to pay his part first so the others can divide evenly among themselves and not get screwed over . 
  if the difference is small ( like someone took a coffee and not the rest ) we generally just divide evenly as the difference is pretty much invisible after being divided . 
  and guns . 
  played with a czech guy on payday 2 , the guy had an impressive gun collection irl . 
  i am not sure to really understand what you hate about us . 
  we can eat a meal while discussing other meals we had . 
  we do n't talk about money . 
  we like when foreigners do n't automatically assume that we speak their language when they are in france , even if we do speak their language . 
  we can spend hours at the table . 
  we love wine , good breads and cheese . 
  when we do n't feel like cooking it is pretty common to just eat some bread with cheese and pork products . 
  strikes are pretty common and are generally seen as a fact of life . 
  in france the typical breakfast is made of [ `` viennoiseries '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viennoiserie ) with jam and coffee . 
  savoury things at breakfast is far from unheard of but you would generally have to specify if you want them as you would probably be served sweet things by default if you do n't . 
  the most common savoury stuff we eat at breakfast is toasted baguette with half salted butter . 
  pasta would be weird though . 
  now i am confused , when are you supposed to eat mint jelly ? 
  polenta is italian , grits are native american . 
  they may be similar but they come from different traditions . 
  as should be, 
  yep . 
  that 's annoying as fuck but whatchagonnado ? 
  it 's pretty much what this acronym makes me feel like . 
  pretty much everywhere . 
  from what i understood it was because when you wore a lonsdale shirt with a jacket over it and the jacket remained open you could just see nsda which was close to [ nsdap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_party ), 
  it 's okey . 
  the people there are generally pretty helpful when people ask questions . 
  political questions especially relative to immigration tend to spark big debates but it is pretty much the case in every country i think . 
  none . 
  they are all true . 
  mainly it 's to feel like you are one of the cool kids, 
  i would prefer ten times vacations in brittany over vacations in paris . 
   something i noticed is that europeans work far less hours and tend to view work as just something they do to earn money . 
  for me and my social group , this seems like an entirely foreign concept . 
  work is the avenue through which i execute my purpose in life . 
  for me , there is no higher calling in this world than employment . 
  i think the higher calling is whatever you want it to be . 
  if you like working make your life about working , if you like something else make your life about something else . 
  you should be able to choose for me and no choice is inherently better , it 's only about what works for you . 
  snatch and football factory ( a football hooligan movie without frodo baggins ) . 
  la vita \u00e8 bella is pretty cool too . 
   welsh follow whatever the english do especially if it is completly against their best interest . 
  i put perfume everyday though , the result is exactly the same if you think about it . 
   french - rude , arrogant , but also sexy and stylish . 
  parisiens are seen as unfriendly and impolite . 
  also brits love making fun of the french for not putting up more of a fight in ww2 - they have a reputation for surrendering , and we have a whole category of jokes dedicated to this , e.g. 
  q : what is the most useful thing in the french army ? 
  a : a rearview mirror , so they can see the war . 
  always reminds me of the dunkirk debacle where the french army stood up and fight to stall the germans so the brits could flee while abandoning all their weapons and equipment to the germans . 
  what fun we had !, 
  yeah it 's like people visiting new york and thinking they know everything about how people behave in the us . 
  `` the us , stealing dishes abroad and making up rules about them since 1776 . '', 
  another thing we agree on is that zanger rinus is god on earth . 
  the italians are as snob as us but everyone forgives them because they smile while they do it . 
   france - god made a perfect country over there except then he made the mistake of filling it with frenchmen . 
  typical lazy spaniard , could not even be assed to write the joke right . 
  [ i do n't know what you are talking about ] ( http://ls.rosselcdn.net/sites/default/files/imagecache/475x317/2013/02/03/120447400_id3567782_03_dutroux_epa_170603_029gh0_1.jpg ), 
  anything about our assimilation policies honestly . 
  hearing them muslims are basically persecuted for fun on a daily basis in france . 
  also lately the whole `` sarkozy said ... '' as if sarkozy represented france or something . 
  the guy is hated by 79 % of the population , is utterly corrupt and has very few chances to be the candidate of the right . 
  no one cares what he says in france and so should you , just stop making him the voice of france on everything because it fits your agenda . 
  damn , where to start ? 
  damn , this debate actually took place here few days ago . 
  i ca n't believe there actually were people to argue that `` bonjour '' is just a loss of time . 
  x71 again . 
  this guy looks so salty , i really wish i could know his story . 
  was he molested as a child by a european ? 
  was he dumped by a european girl and he never got over her ? 
  i guess we will never know . 
  does not exist . 
  they are seen as completly ridiculous and honestly kind of pathetic here . 
  i think it 's mainly a us thing . 
  `` i spent a few days in paris , i think france is overrated . '',
