  there is such a thing as a ceiling when it comes to the tastiness of any particular food . 
  i am sure most countries can find good potatoes and fry them in a proper way . 
  any religion is okey for me just practice your thing in private and do n't ask or revendicate anything . 
  maybe you ca n't date because you are batshit insane ? 
  it certainly is the way you come across in your comments . 
  hivemind mentality mainly . 
  a few people will start doing it for some reason and everyone will just jump on the bandwagon blindly . 
  if i hear about your religion i do n't like it . 
  the good religion to me is the one that keeps to itself . 
  english is pretty easy to learn . 
  the neutral form was weird to me coming from a language where everything has a gender but i would not call that difficult to understand . 
  stella artois , costs around 4-5 $ for a pint . 
  the cheapest way to get drunk in france is generally pastis though . 
  it is hard liquor and costs 2 $ . 
  any politician suggering anything close to that in france would be crucified and lose any chance of being elected . 
  that gives a good idea of he opinion of the majority of french people on this matter . 
  the nazi movement had pretty much nothing to do with christianism . 
  hitler openly disdained christianism as a whole . 
  funnily enough some high ranking nazi officials did have a boner for islam as they thought it created fearless soldiers . 
  scottish and irish people are very well considered in france . 
  for me it 's always 24th evening with close family then lunch the day after with extended family . 
  24th is seen as more important generally and we really stuff our mouths and drink large amounts of champagne and the 25th is more casual and relaxed . 
  studied russian for a bit in univ but only did the basics ( it was my third foreign language ) . 
  i recently started studying it again through duolingo . 
  the lessons are not available in my mother language though so i use english . 
  hey at least you avoided the `` i am eastern european myself '' . 
  it 's not that bad !, 
  bonapartists are pretty much all found in les r\u00e9publicains . 
  they generally are pretty okey with democracy as it is . 
  orl\u00e9anistes are not really far right . 
  they are pretty progressive right wing movement and most of them vote for lr and are okey with republic too . 
  they are lightly anticlerical and support education for everyone and parlementarism . 
  they do n't think of themselves as non-european because they want out of eu . 
  those are two different things . 
  if we believe our journalists and pretty much everyone in national medias : paris = france, 
  yeah , i still have to find a supermarket in france that does not sell them and i know i will have a honest product for its price . 
  especially in smaller supermarkets where the only alternatives are lustucru and panzani . 
  they are very decent pasta , the sauce sticks to them well and they cook well too . 
   panzani sorry italy for bringing panzani to this world . 
  the problem is mainly that 90 % of the times the affermation `` i am irish / italian / whatever '' is followed by a stupid stereotype . 
  example : `` i am irish mate , i can hold my liquor ! '', 
  or `` i am italian , i know my pizza ! '', 
  this kind of stereotype is tiring enough in normal times but when it is uttered by someone who claims to be belonging from your country it is just ten times worst . 
  you may have italian or irish roots ( which generally means that one of your ancestors actually ever saw the place ) and that 's cool if you decide to research about those but if you claim yourself an italian or irish you 'd better speak the language fluently and at least live a few years there just so you know what you are talking about . 
  just to put that in your perspective it 's as if one of my great grandfathers was from the us and had emigrated to france , imagine for the sake of this argument that i do n't speak a word of english . 
  i would go around in france telling everyone how i am an american and how much i love guns , freedom and how much i know literally everything about ribs and i would only drive a huge truck wearing a cow boy hat , us flag shirts and snake skin boots because that 's how american i am . 
  that 's how this kind of people feel to us . 
  they are people who do n't know anything about the country they claim to come from and are just walking , talking clich\u00e9s . 
  from the top of my head : barilla , de cecco , mulino bianco , giovanni rana are pretty common food brands in french supermarkets . 
  kappa is pretty common for sportswear . 
  panzeri used to be very common too when i was a teenager but it 's hardly seen anymore . 
  armani , azzaro , dolce gabbana for clothes . 
  http://i.imgur.com/5rstvng.jpg a better version for you < 3, 
  i always heard romania and france have enjoyed each other 's friendship for a long time . 
  do n't know the details though . 
  in a limited way . 
  i do n't care about colour , it 's about culture . 
  i do n't want foreign cultures to be present in any big way in france . 
  i would be okey with 15 % or maybe 20 % but that should absolutly not exceed that in my opinion . 
  i just do n't see the advantages of multiculturalism and i think once it is no longer clear what is the culture of a given country it only brings tensions and troubles . 
  if there was any advantage to it to counter balance that i could think on it further but there is absolutly no advantage that i can think of . 
  `` do your women really do n't shave ? '', 
  `` did france ever won a war ? '', 
  being self centered ? 
  france is less free trade oriented than some yeah . 
  agricultural policies are heavily biased toward people with big agriculture sector . 
  we are a big country and we have more agriculture than most similar countries so we get more if you look at raw numbers but that 's not more than our share . 
  really ? 
  i do n't remember us doing anything particularly bad recently . 
  for me it 's : native : french fluent : english , italian know some basics : russian, 
  i do n't play but i love the books and video games . 
  love the imperial guard , i devoured the gaunt 's ghosts book series and i loved ciaphas cain 's adventures too . 
  i like that they are just standard grunts thrown in conflicts against chaos demons and the likes and they still manage to win the day using grit , courage and comradry . 
  space marines books are cool too but they are much less relatable , they are genetically enhanced soldiers that feel no fear and have access to super advanced equipement . 
  they are cool and badass at all but they are barely human anymore . 
  love the food . 
  do n't know many indians though ( it is not a big community in france ) . 
  i know pretty much nothing about their domestic policies . 
  i like how they tend to refuse to align with anyone and act as a strictly neutral government on the international scene . 
  this is a stance i respect . 
  i always been taught that romanian was a romance language . 
  i have both . 
  for everyday cooking i generally just use non-stick pans . 
  for sauce based meals or for searing a piece of meat i am a big fan of [ staub products ] ( https://www.staub-online.com/uk/en/home.html ) . 
  they cost an arm and a leg but they are just marvellous . 
  pretty much the same . 
  broadly we could say that there are three big `` zones '' in france : the north which has the reputation of being piss poor , alcoholic and inbred but nice . 
  the south has the reputation of being hot tempered , loud and annoying . 
  paris , well i think parisians ' reputation is pretty much global so i probably do n't need to expand on them . 
  the usual 100 % factual and unbiased reports : russians and pro-gov syrians commit atrocities for fun while the courageous non-extremist / democracy loving rebels are sacrificing themselves to save the babies . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  i think the peoples are getting a bit too cozy and lost the will to fight for their freedom . 
  i often feel like as long as they have a roof over their head , a tv set and food people just do n't care anymore . 
  our anthem reminds us that freedom is bought with the blood of patriots and tyrants ( like thomas jefferson said ) . 
  this was true at the time and it is still true today , and i believe will all my heart that it will be true still for as long as humanity exists . 
  this song is badass as fuck though and i love its message . 
  you forgot the king : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhefbx81xwq, 
  france +10 cooking skills +20 resistance to economic reforms can invoke a bottle of wine to recharge mana and a deer p\u00e2t\u00e9 baguette sandwich to recharge life . 
  wearing jeans is okey really , depends if your jeans fits well and with what you wear them . 
  if you wear low quality jeans that look like a sack of potatoes yeah it looks like shit .
