  great mayo has a tad of mustard in it too . 
  also , how comes so many euroturks seem to be in favour of erdogan ? 
  that strikes me as very weird . 
  for you . 
  yeah mayo is great providing it is good mayo and not `` generic white tasteless goo '' . 
  their codfish specialties are great . 
  their beer is awful though and they have like two of them : sagres and superbock . 
  both taste like water . 
  not anymore !, 
  anything before 1861 when italy did not exist , of course !, 
  more seriously i am always very interested in the evolution of weapons and strategies so more than a particular period i am interested in warfare . 
  is `` the anguish and sentimental dilemmas of parisian thirty-somethings '' a genre ? 
  i put a bit on shower gel on my hand and i rub it on my perfect body . 
  i never use soap . 
  they are a party . 
  most of the ones i cited vote for them therefore it seemed kind of redundant to cite them but they definitly incarnate the far right politically . 
  true . 
  except e&r are clearly antisemites and masquerading as antisionists . 
  which is why i mocked them for . 
  i am not sure i understand your comment . 
  i think you really need to be a pretty solid parkour practicioner . 
  normandy celebrates d-day every year and apart from the politicians making discourses about peace and whatnot there are always a ton of reenactment groups dressed as various allied soldiers ( often american soldiers ) and `` liberating '' the local towns . 
  it 's always pretty fun . 
  puy du fou equipped one of their vikings with a gopro once and the result [ is very cool ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40z53faxiz8 ), 
  in france we have several . 
  1 ) the most prominent one right know , i believe , is bloc identitaire and most importantly their youth part `` jeunesses identitaires '' . 
  they are easily recognizable through their [ `` lambda '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/genident.jpg?uselang=fr ) symbol and their yellow dress code . 
  they are prominent because they are very good at communicating on internet and successfully market themselves as modern and fashionable . 
  they do a lot of marketing stunts such as giving food to french homeless or `` patrolling '' the subway in yellow jackets to prevent harassment of women . 
  they also promote a `` healthy '' lifestyle through sports and organize a lot of sporting events for their members . 
  their main beef is with muslims , they are against pretty much everything muslim . 
  they do n't really care much about the rest even if they generally have very conservative views in general i would say 90 % of their actions are against muslims and anything they see as `` islamization '' of europe . 
  they are quite internationalists too , they very often organize international events with other european identitarian movements . 
  a lot of them seem to be christian but they do n't really care either way and a lot of them identify themselves as agnostic too . 
  2 ) egalit\u00e9 & r\u00e9conciliation ( equality and reconciliation ) are mainly negationnists and ~ ~ antisemites ~ ~ antisionists ( lol ) but they do n't have any love for islam either . 
  they are very modern too and are extremely active online . 
  they see themselves as `` dissidents '' and like to victimize themselves , claiming that they are being oppressed because they oppose jewish owned medias by giving actual news ( half the time , news from russia today and spoutnik news , russian propaganda websites masquerading as legit news ) . 
  3 ) jeunesses nationalistes r\u00e9volutionnaires are good old skinheads . 
  they are led by serge ayoub , a christian franco-libanese man who has been around for decades and known as `` batskin '' ( probably because he loved baseball ) in the 1990 's . 
  gud are another group of skinheads . 
  4 ) civitas are catholic extremists . 
  they protest anything they see as anti-catholic and are obviously staunch opponents to abortion and anything related to gays . 
  they are often linked to action fran\u00e7aise which is a traditionalist and royalist far right group . 
  they are often seen demonstrating with a group called `` la manif pour tous '' since they both are against gays and abortions but lmpt is not attached to a religion in particular ( even though it counts a majority of traditionalist christians ) and they are distinct groups , la manif pour tous even welcomes muslims sharing their views . 
  my girlfriend hates to shower without one . 
   in france i believe only half of the people are paying any income tax but everybody pays into the social system ( i will try to find a source later ) 45,6 % is , i believe , the official stat for 2015 . 
  it also lives on as [ one of the main factions in metro 2033 universe ] ( http://metrovideogame.wikia.com/wiki/hanza ) . 
  yeah i second that , never had a problem . 
  carbonnade flamande is flemish and a part of flanders is in france . 
  in the same way one could argue that sauerkraut is part of french gastronomy as well as german 's since it is a traditional dish of alsace, 
  it 's where there is a drain pipe so in my case it 's in the kitchen . 
  pretty much every culture i interacted with is coconut in europe . 
   as an aside , i hate to turn yet another thread into a discussion of rapefugees , but one could see how a coconut culture would make integration more difficult ( on top of all of the other things that make it difficult ) . 
  yes and no . 
  you may have to work harder for them but the friends you make from a coconut culture tend to be dependable and long term . 
  i think the main problem is that most european countries actually require real integration as in adapting to us as an immigrant is on you and solely on you . 
  the country hosting you should have no effort whatsoever to make . 
  hearing about spanish speaking radios or seeing roadsigns in spanish in the southern us is pretty alien to me and greatly encourages bad behaviors but i totally understand that it is cultural differences . 
  and that would not be completly wrong . 
  free mobas tend to attract a young and toxic community since they are free to play so they do n't need mama 's credit card to play . 
  it was my experience the few times i tried lol anyway . 
  the ones i met were very normal and most of the time pleasant . 
  i like the language ( i am trying to teach myself but i am still a beginner ) and they have an interesting history . 
  we are both from coconut cultures though . 
  you should more wonder what type of player typically plays the game you met them on . 
  a lot of online shooters have a lot of shitty kids who like to ruin things for everyone because it makes them feel in control and no matter where they come from shitty kids are shitty kids . 
  you then remember russians because of their infamous `` cyka blyat '' leading you to believe a majority of russian are awful people online . 
  it is but not generally for interacting with your friends . 
  most people i know use twitter to follow politicians or celebrities to stay updated on what they are up to . 
  yeah , they used it in the movie because it looks better on screen i think . 
  it 's not really american though . 
  it is a confit byaldi and it has been invented by a french chef . 
  definitly not a ratatouille though . 
  yeah , as well as tartiflette ( potato gratin with reblochon cheese bacon and onions ) , galettes bretonnes ( buckwheat cr\u00eapes with savory things ) , cassoulet ( bean stew from southwest of france ) , flammenkuechen ( ultra thin bread dough pies with cream , onion and bacon from alsace ) , bouillabaisse ( fish stew ) , blanquette de veau ( veal with cream and mushrooms ) , carbonnade flamande ( beef stew with a pain d'\u00e9pices + beer sauce ) etc. . . 
  not really bastardized as far as i know . 
  it seems a lot of americans see only the fancy aspects of french cuisine though . 
  in a way it 's true that conceptual cuisine requiring advanced technical skills and paying great attention not only to taste but to colour and texture as well is definitly part of our culture but it is far from being part of our `` everyday '' culture . 
  we also have amazing comfort food and i am honestly surprised no one picked it up and made a french cuisine franchise dedicated to affordable comfort food because a lot of those dishes are very simple to make in masse for cheap and are amazing . 
  the army which had a state . 
  great . 
  i love it as much as the first , probably even more as it actually allows you to customize your weapons instead of having to wait to find a weapon that suits your style . 
  video games : [ metro 2033 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metro:_last_light ) ( russia ) . 
  terribly immersive , great story , great universe and great characters . 
  one of my all time favorites . 
  board games : [ citadelles ] ( https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/478/citadels ) is always very good fun with a few beers and some good friends . 
  it is pretty easy to get into , very strategic and it is pretty compact which makes it nice to take in holidays for example . 
  haha that 's flattering !, 
   i was hoping you 'd reply !, 
  me personally ? 
   what do you think about the foreign legion ? 
  i do n't really distinguish them from other french soldiers . 
  they are tough professional soldiers with lots of regimental traditions . 
  they ca n't protest when you cut their budget so it 's easy . 
  cut the budget of education ? 
  teachers in the streets , people accuses you of jeopardizing the future of their children etc. . . cut the budget of the military ? 
  no one bats and eye . 
  as a result the military tends to be an easy to get money into other things to try and please people who actually will protest . 
   what is your opinion of your military ? 
  it 's decent . 
  could use some more budget but they seem be doing okey hunting djihadis in the sahara and elsewhere .
