  a linkedin profile and the good connections are just the way it 's done now . 
  especially since nowadays recruitment is often outsourced to a specialized company so asking for the manager will just disturb someone for nothing . 
  also the `` when will you get married / shit out a child ? '' . 
  it seems to go without saying that you will marry after a few years of relationship and after a year or two start making a child . 
  it still happens a lot this way but it is no longer that automatic . 
  honestly for this kind of turn of phrases nothing quite beats reading as much as possible in the target language . 
  probably le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 . 
  they tend to shit on pretty much everyone . 
  and they are good at investigating . 
  if le pen passes it may very well be . 
  if not then we will probably be fine . 
  uk never wanted political eu , they always were in for the trade and the trade only and stalled any attempt of further political integration . 
  de gaulle called it when uk initially tried to join and vetoed their entry for as long as he was in power and that 's exactly what happened whenever they were in . 
  i do n't know but [ they sure made you feel bad if you did not invest there . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_didn't_you_invest_in_eastern_poland%3f ) . 
  winged hussards . 
  those guys looked so cool . 
  also the thing about investing in eastern poland . 
  my corsican uncle would sometimes have a boar destroying his fence to go into his cultures . 
  he would then spend the night in the toolshed with a rifle and kill them . 
  then we would eat boar p\u00e2t\u00e9 and stews . 
  because this compass is tailored for the us . 
  kevin , dylan and other english names : people whose parents named them after a soapy us tv show characters . 
  90 % it means white trash . 
  jean-charles , pierre-henri and other traditional composed names : posh , probably practicing catholic family . 
  roger , gerard , claude , michel , bertrand : old people . 
  no , they have no difference whatsoever . 
  what kind of differences ? 
  physical ? 
  cultural ? 
  what kind of society would let someone die of a completly treatable illness . 
  money should never be as important as life . 
  yep . 
  also bonifacio is great , you have some very cool hiking spots and beaches in the area but you will need a rental car to get there from the airport . 
  corsica being basically a big moutain in the middle of the sea the main way to get anywhere is by road and preferably with your own car ( i am not sure about buses options and train options are limited at best ) . 
  if you get to bonifacio make sure you have an ice cream at rocca serra on the old port . 
  let 's say they do n't have time for your shit and they will let you know . 
  i want you to stay with us . 
  :(  personally as a scottish person i recall europe and eu politicians in general being very cautious about the 2014 ref , or relatively indifferent to it ( it was hard telling what was what , as the newspapers overwhelmingly emphasized the negative ) . 
  they simply had no choice . 
  it was way too sensitive a matter . 
  no sane leader would get himself caught meddling in such a matter . 
  they probably all had their own opinion but they could not possibly comment on that . 
  i would imagine if brittany held such a referendum , i would be pissed off if anyone from outside meddled in that shit . 
  haha . 
  depends honestly . 
  if i am in hurry and a foreigner tries to ask for something in broken french i may look a bit impatient and would probably rather he asked me in english in an efficient way . 
  if not in a hurry there is no problem helping you with your french . 
  problem is in paris everyone is always in a hurry . 
  seems very much like our `` go\u00fbter '' . 
  paris hates everyone . 
  everyone hates paris . 
  main perk is travelling for cheap ( within eu at least ) , if you look well you can find plane tickets for as low as 30 $ ( sometimes even less ) . 
  if you like visiting other countries it is great to be european . 
  also most of us are damned pinko countries so if you break a leg or get cancer you probably wo n't have to sell all your possessions to pay for one week of treatment . 
  same with education , my master 's degree cost me around 2000 $ total for five years of university ( tuition were around 400 $ a year ) and i just used the books from the university library which were free . 
  i could have paid nothing if i was from a family with low income . 
  haha , i have friends living there though , they seem to enjoy it . 
  they even converted to the `` most holy septante-nonante church '' . 
  i feel closer to a german or italian than to an american or a chinese , sure . 
  a great bunch of lads, 
  it happens all the time though . 
  that 's just natural for humans to see something interesting in another person and see `` hey , i like that '' . 
  you should rejoice that you no longer have to hide your culture instead of saying `` no this is mine i fought for it '' . 
  the white girl wearing cornrows is not necessarily someone from a slaving family and even if she was she is her own person . 
  she is not responsible for her parents hypothetic wrongdoing and she does not have to apologize for them . 
  elements of black culture are suddenly popular after being seen as inferior ? 
  that 's a great news , it means mentalities have evolved in the good direction . 
  people wearing cornrows or anything people of colour had to fight for before do n't know shit about where it comes from ? 
  tough shit but people do that all the time . 
  st patrick 's day ? 
  everyone celebrates it every year by drinking heavily and wearing green clothes / leprechaun hats . 
  except it was / is a religious celebration and at some point in history wearing green to show your irishness was a motive for persecution . 
  now everyone just gets shitfaced and wear slutty costumes ? 
  well at least no one gets persecuted for that anymore then . 
  i just do n't get it but it sounds completly ridiculous when i hear about it . 
  `` dress and speak in a way that is proper for your colour , do n't consume or enjoy anything coming from other cultures '' . 
  sounds a lot like what the nazis here would say . 
  i do n't even understand how it could be a concept coming from `` liberal '' people to be honest . 
  italy has amazing mountains though . 
  yeah . 
  we call them `` f\u00e8ve '' , [ they are little painted characters or animals ] ( http://la-boutique-des-patissiers.fr/webroot/laposte2/shops/box23736/5670/180b/78f1/8fd5/b9ab/0a0c/05bb/6c06/feve.jpg ) , anyone finding it is the king . 
  no one really knows what that entails so i guess it gives you very limited bragging rights . 
  it 's a thing that is highly debatable and i do n't think there is a right or wrong answer . 
  we know a lot about elections . 
  we have the best elections . 
  everyone calls us saying `` thank you france for your elections , they are the best '' . 
  you realize that you selected the only answer in the thread that corresponds to what you wanted to hear ? 
  my favorites are the vacche rosse that produce the sweet sweet parmesan . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cursinu they are the only official breed from corsica and like corsican people they are hardy and proud . 
  fillon is the candidate you talk about . 
  he is pretty conservative and pro-eu . 
  all the elections you cite are in one round . 
  we have a green card with a chip called `` carte vitale '' . 
  you give it to your doctor or pharmacian before anything and the rest is between them and the state . 
  if there is anything left to pay you pay up directly to the professional in front of you . 
  they said it was not doable from a legal and technical point of view . 
  cancelling thousands of marriages years after they happened is just not possible . 
  do n't mix far right and authoritarian . 
  one does not necessarily comes with the other .
