   do you know any soldiers ? 
  what made them join ? 
  i honestly do n't know , never asked . 
   do you think the allocated budget is about right ? 
  not at all . 
  they really need more budget . 
  the problem is that the army are not allowed to complain so the politics know they wo n't ever face opposition cutting their budget . 
  this is not something i support though . 
   if shit hit the fan and there is war on your country 's soil , do you trust your army would do its job ? 
  they are well-trained and professionals but not very numerous ( about 100k iirc ) . 
  if we are being invaded we would probably have to mobilize . 
  we do have a decent nuclear arsenal so the attacker would have to have nukes too . 
  i do believe that we are mostly pleasant people , we still like our complaining and we are pretty pessimistic really . 
  it 's not about whether they kill people or not ( most of them do n't and those who do generally do it in self-defense ) , it 's about forgetting your own little self and putting yourself at the service of society . 
  for that they do deserve respect , but not more than police , firefighters or nurses . 
  i agree with you completly . 
  your question is asked in a vague and slightly provocative way ( most people fighting in those wars did not enjoy killing but did it because they were serving their country ) . 
  i thought you did too to be honest but chose to answer seriously anyway . 
  you could have worded in a more precise and neutral way like `` why do you think there was so many conflicts in european history ? 
  you do n't really choose to be gay though , do you ? 
  as a result i do n't see how the whole society could be gay without at least a part of it being forced into it . 
  you mean historically ? 
  mainly because of nationalism . 
  little french boys learned that the evil bloodthirsty german were right next to us , ready to attack and the little german boys learned pretty much the same about us . 
  without internet it was pretty hard to inform yourself so you had no choice but to rely on the information given to you by your medias so if you read all your life that german people liked to eat babies you would end up believing that german people were dangerous and that you had to prepare to fight them during your lifetime . 
  then , any provocation or small conflict could degenerate into a military conflict and with the alliances local conflicts could degenerate into europe-wide and then worldwide conflicts . 
   they pay more attention to the u.s. than we do to them , that is for sure . 
  i would not necessarily say so but it is pretty hard not to discuss the us when we have so many questions from us citizens about our views considering us issues . 
  it is not a problem mind you , that 's what this sub is about and it can easily be explained by the popularity of reddit in the us vs in other countries . 
  thing is you do n't just introduce democracy . 
  this needs long term education of populations , credible leaders that are seen as legitimate and not as puppets , competent military and law enforcement , moderate level of corruption etc. . . you ca n't just barge in , kick a few doors , bring some guy no one in the country knows from exile and install him in power and think you installed democracy . 
  just think how much time it took for european countries to get to democracy , that was an extremely slow and gradual process . 
  saudi salafism is very much part of this too . 
  they are pretty much the reason it is so hard for serious secular arab movements to emerge and take root . 
  someone failed to detect the sarcasm . 
  beauty is subjective i guess, 
  plus belle la vie ( i think it 's shit but it has had a big following for years both here and abroad ) . 
  `` this is small , this is far away . '', 
  we 've sent much worse than that at eurovision , it 's definitly kind of catchy even if it is not necessarily the kind of things i listen to generally . 
  she 's pretty damn good looking too which is never a bad thing . 
  we are often very bad at eurovision . 
  is it bad ? 
  i heard grey goose was pretty good though . 
  no real way to know , a part of them will probably do that yeah but how many it 's impossible to know for sure . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is probably hoping that hamon will give up , say `` fuck off '' to his party of traitors and give him his support in exchange for a place in m\u00e9lenchon 's government . 
  that would be the best chance for a left candidate to get to second round . 
   he ca n't be involved in a scandal like that and be far right in a moderate right party and still get 19 % of the votes . 
  i think he must at least be reasonably close to the line of his party . 
  he has a core of hardcore fans who would support him even if posted a video of him fucking children in the ass . 
  they think that every accusation against him is a conspiracy against him and the more fillon gets in trouble , the more resolved they seem to get . 
  that 's pretty much all he will get though , he got himself in a weird niche and no one outside of this niche will vote for him in first round so he will probably remain stable , not winning or losing voters no matter what he does . 
  i disagree , i think hamon is very charismatic . 
  i like the way he talks and what he is saying . 
  he sounds competent , benevolent and you want to trust him . 
  i think the reason hamon is doing so poorly is that he is getting shafted by the ps who did not want him as candidate and therefore betray him in favour of macron . 
  therefore hamon 's electorate tends to regroup behind france insoumise ( m\u00e9lenchon 's party ) because they are seen as having their shit together with the party enthusiastically supporting its candidate . 
  the obama picture kind of reminds me of hollande who sometimes talks [ in a very confusing way ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2wyg8kt3fa ) . 
  someone even made it into a gangsta rap : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axkbqw4dk-e, 
  `` in every combat where for five centuries the destiny of france was at stake , there were always men of scotland to fight side by side with men of france , and what frenchmen feel is that no people has ever been more generous than yours with its friendship . '', 
  - de gaulle, 
  alliot marie , she said the way penelope was treated reminded her ceausescu 's romania . 
  hahahaha . 
  `` what about x on the website of your party ? '', 
  `` well , if it is written then that must be it . '', 
  god this guy is cringy . 
  at some point i was like `` is he going to answer one question ? 
  a french politician did pretty much the same recently saying all this exigence of transparency reminded her of a communist dictatorship . 
  i never really associated communist dictatorships with transparency up until now but i guess i am a lowly peasant with no asset to hide . 
  she looks so smug, 
  haha . 
  what a tasteful fellow . 
  haha some of them are actually pretty catchy . 
  i do n't understand any of this except from the `` kurwa '' , `` idiocy '' and `` imbecily '' which are pretty clear but it still so funny because he looks kind of depressed and angry at the same time . 
  yeah we have the same problem here . 
  people getting nominated in commission and being completly oblivious on the topic of said commission . 
  sometimes it feels like they just meet and take coffee or something and then make up some report of the commission . 
  at least we get the occasional laugh . 
  haha that 's amazing . 
  they are known by authorities but generally as petty criminals or random drug dealers . 
  most of the terrorists from western countries are people who are discontent and looking for a cause or to get back to what they think are their roots . 
  up until then this discontent manifested through various antisocial behaviors ( mugging people , stealing cars , dealing drugs etc. . . ) and then at some point they get a `` eureka '' moment ( often helped by someone else ) that the reason they do n't feel good here is because they strayed from their roots and that the solution is `` the right practice of islam '' ( aka fundamentalism ) . 
  olivier roy summed that up nicely , saying this is not so much a radicalization of islamic behaviors than a islamisation of radical behaviors . 
  it 's just a joke about the petition scam a lot of roma people do in the west, 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  thing is i do think we can do great stuff when we put our mind to it . 
  we should make a petition to inform them better on that . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  you are misunderstanding what people are talking about when talking about eu army . 
  armies would stay national armies . 
  `` eu army '' would simply be a framework so they can work and train together . 
  we already have a good small scale example of what could be done with the [ franco-german brigade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade ) which is a whole brigade made up of both french and german soldiers . 
  no , personally . 
  i am rarely very attracted by black girls , that 's just something i noticed and i ca n't really help it , can i ? 
  it 's like saying you prefer women with green eyes , that 's just your preferences from a strictly aesthetic point of view . 
  damn , way too many to choose . 
  for some reason our cinema really loves to talk about the sentimental issues of annoying forty years old parisians . 
  to you maybe . 
  `` oh there is been a murder , should we investigate ? 
  - no , really i insist that we do not investigate this murder and i am ready to strongly oppose anyone who would try . '', 
  it would totally be an admission of guilt , maybe not from a legal point of view but from a diplomatic one definitly .
