  it was the case in other countries too though . 
  yep but they are so hilariously outnumbered that they can just go fuck themselves . 
  maybe you could both move to a third country where you could both get jobs . 
  it sure would be adventurous but you seem commetted to make it work . 
  we have religious people but fortunatly not too many, 
  it happens in any situation where you can not see the face of the other party precisely . 
  roadrage is a direct result of a simple effect in human mind where you hate much more easily someone you can not see the face of . 
  tarte tatin : upside down caramelized apple pie that is eaten slightly warmed . 
  this is my favorite dessert in the world . 
  bonus if served with thick cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche, 
  i do n't see how it is mutually exclusive, 
  i totally get that it may take longer when the only porn that is not banned is harrod 's catalogue but if you do n't even have enough time in a day to rub a quick one i sure hope you are well paid because you wo n't live very old . 
  til most european people do n't wank . 
  i did not know that so i ca n't help you explain that . 
  no nexity but i did luck out . 
  well , they had the right to celebrate a little i guess . 
  it died down after a couple weeks so it was not too obnoxious really . 
  in france they are pretty much seen as the perfect immigrants . 
  they are seen as very hard-working and integrate admirably . 
  i have not voted in presidential elections since high school because i felt there was no one worth my vote and sticked to local elections , melenchon definitly made me feel like he deserves my vote . 
  i like his programme but his personality is really what gets me on board . 
  i may always be wrong and i would be the first to admit it if it happens but i feel like he is the most sincere and actually passionate politician in decades . 
  basically it encourages a two party system and small parties basically do not exist . 
  also it is sometimes called a `` republican monarchy '' for the complete lack of accountability of the president : not to the parliament and certainly not to the voters . 
  everyone has different reasons but the main ones are that people want a bit of direct democracy , some proportionality and a way for the people to recall elected officials . 
  recalling should not be too easy of course so we ca n't recall an elected official every six month for any bullshit reason but it should be possible so they have that threat over their head , making them think twice before blatantly betraying their voters . 
  of course nothing is fixed and their should be a proper constituant assembly where everything can be discussed . 
  i feel like if i vote with my heart i never regret it . 
  polls suck ass anyway , they gave trump 8 % chance of winning the us elections . 
  if everyone thinks like that , that 's for sure . 
  haha not even if my life depended on it . 
  i would never be able to look at myself in a mirror if she passed after i voted for her . 
  i am not a fan of unchecked immigration either ( controlled immigration is okey ) but i do n't believe it 's important enough to screw the whole country over . 
  you do realize that making the sixth republic happen is one of the main points of melenchon 's programme ? 
  upvoted too even though i could not disagree more . 
  i do n't want this sub to turn into a `` safe space echo chamber '' shitfest . 
  some people really need to grow the fuck up . 
  we never really say that though , politicians will sometimes say it once at the end of a speech but the public will never say that or repeat it like a kind of cult . 
  i always cringe so much when they start with the mob chanting . 
  they do n't have internet in prison in france sorry, 
  you monster, 
  we know what it means and some might use the term occasionally but i would not say it is super common, 
  what about `` colonists '' ? 
  i thought it sounded like shit and did not really like it if i remember correctly . 
  always had decent marks though . 
  my opinon changed and while i still not think it is super beautiful i learnt to appreciate it . 
  i speak italian fluently and when asked i always say that the basics of italian are extremely easy for a french person since as you say grammar is pretty much the same and even vocabulary is often similar . 
  but when you get to advanced italian french language keeps getting in the way and you have to force yourself to forget it if you really want to progress and it is not that easy . 
  i did that during my scolarity , started italian and i only got 16/20 and the likes , until university when i started stagnating around 10/20 ( which is mediocre ) until i went to erasmus and turned back fluent . 
  both are russian outlets which editorial line is to make the pro-russian extreme right rise in europe . 
  only far-right people take these outlets seriously in europe . 
  they are our breitbart equivalent if you want a comparison with a us media . 
  make sure you show her the pictures of your trips so she can see first hand how it is . 
  maybe she will understand the dangers of believing medias with an agenda . 
  i live in lyon . 
  no riot , nothing . 
  here is the website of the local paper if you want to reassure your mom : http://www.leprogres.fr/ in short in today 's news : a woman killed in an accident on the freeway , an article on francois fillon , an article on the gaz prices , the ranking of french banks for 2016 , an article on the cop who accidentally discharged his weapon during hollande 's speech and an article about the state suing a chain of supermarkets . 
  reese 's peanut butter cups and beef jerky come to mind . 
  you can never be sure they will like them ( i personally did ) but it is definitly novelty to most french people . 
  avoid soda unless they specifically ask for it , yours is generally way sweeter than we are used to and there are good chances that they wo n't like it . 
  i only drank water and beer when in the us because the coke tasted weird as hell , like someone poured an entire bag of sugar in it or something and i really like a chilled coke from time to time when in france . 
  [ basically ] ( https://youtu.be/dootka0agi0?t=2m3s ), 
  [ the main companies doing that according to google ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=channel+ferries&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=sq21wpm_iugtgaarrptycq ) note that it is probably much longer than train so you 'll have to take that into account in your schedule . 
  you are resisting against an elected government that does not prevent you to speak up , move freely or demonstrate ? 
  it is not really a shocking concept , just a bit weird . 
  i am far from a trump supporter but from what you are saying you just seem like normal sympathizers of the opposition . 
  hey , let 's try and trade some ressources with gandhi , to try and establish good diplomatic relationships !, 
  everyone loves a good deal on furs !, 
  `` gandhi refuses your offer '' `` gandhi denounced you , warning other dirigeants not to trust you . '', 
  `` gandhi declared war on you . '', 
  honestly you should be wary of what medias tell you in general . 
  i do n't say there is no problem whatsoever or anything but we are far from the civilization war i often hear about on reddit or in foreign medias . 
  we have a very different system than the one you may be accustomed to . 
  we vote in two rounds . 
  she has good chance of being in the second round but everytime it happened all the other parties got behind the other guy in the second round and the fn got annihilated . 
  despite what everyone seems to think she has actually little chance of ever getting elected as our entire system is basically made to prevent that kind of things ( two rounds elections + no proportional representation ) . 
  last time fn got to second round the other candidate got elected with 82 % of the votes and he was a pretty unpopular candidate at the time . 
  use flightright.com , the companies will not cough up anything unless you lawyer up and sue them because they think you will just let it go after a while , even if you do lawyer up and sue them they will make it as long and costly for you as possible in the hope that you get tired / run out of money . 
  flightright does all that for you basically , they have a team of lawyers harassing companies 24/7 . 
  the deal is if you lose you get nothing and pay nothing and if you win they get 25 % of what you get . 
  it is not a scam website and i hope more people knew about it . 
  if you do n't want to bother with all that it is very practical . 
   * eu military ca n't happen for the next century . 
  we have way too many differences in terms of geopolitics , and here in france we have nukes i 'm convinced nobody wants to give away . 
  pool some units , say any eu country can participate and organize joints trainings . 
  give them common uniforms and equipement so they are standardized , give them english language courses when necessary . 
  as to how to use them it 's pretty simple , they stick to defensive duties and do not get out of eu borders . 
  that way we can have a decent sized unit of professional soldiers ready to defend eu leaving time for individual countries to mobilize if it comes to it and no need for find agreements since they are based on individual countries volunteering and only intervene within the borders . 
  basically it would be like an expansion of the franco-german brigade . 
  the way i see it it can pretty easily be done . 
  could start small with 3-4 countries and as it gets results more countries would be tempted . 
   tbh i would try and stay clear of france with le pen and all no offence so for you she is already elected , there is no question about it ? 
  you do n't give us much credit . 
  the americans , a great bunch of lads, 
  i live in lyon , rents are pretty damn reasonable . 
  i rent 50m2 for 540 $ very close to the center . 
  it is very unusual rent though , for this kind of surface you generally pay about 600 - 650 $ , it still seems reasonable for a city of this size . 
  lyon is very pleasant to live too . 
  in paris you can easily double that figure . 
  the next presidential elections .
