  remember to thank them dearly for their kindness . 
  he was not . 
  he was evil but he was a necessary evil . 
  people like him and gaddafi were assholes but their worst enemies were islamists and the like . 
  these guys wanted a mostly secular arab nationalism to take hold , isis like assholes were hung in public places before they had time to say `` allahu akbar '' . 
  by killing these guys we actually opened the way to isis and all the other assholes . 
  we gaddafi was even watching eu borders for us and fucking sarkozy decided he wanted the oil more . 
  they are even selling beer like during games, 
  it 's pretty easy to find . 
  even when i lived in firenze i found it pretty easily . 
  it was probably mass produced but it was still pretty good, 
  we have dop ones yeah . 
  probably not from little farmers but it is more than decent, 
  could you please tell us more about those ? 
  you definitly caught my interest . 
  where to start ... 
  i love a good roasted camembert with garlic , rosmarino and olive oil . 
  gorgonzola , stilton , roquefort are both great on a piece of bread as well as for cooking . 
  parmesan of course is a gift of the gods , as well as scamorza ( smoked ) , burrata and buffala mozzarella . 
  i would not be the adult i am today without the maroilles pies my mother made . 
  i like to make goat cheese pasta gratin with my girlfriend , it is excessively easy and it is awesome . 
  t\u00eate de moine is great for aperitive along with pork products , fresh bread and wine . 
  pecorino for my carbo . 
  peppato when i just feel like having a piece of cheese . 
  shropshire blue cheese with apples because fruits are fucking good for you . 
  and of course during winter metric tons of smoked raclette , tomme and taleggio . 
  and i will stop here because i pretty much love them all but those are definitly my favorites without which life would be much more gloom . 
  did they really think they could have everything and no one would bat an eye ? 
  if so it is pretty hilarious . 
  yes and no . 
  she is liked by conservatives who see her as a rolemodel of sorts . 
  the rest of us do n't really like her much . 
   we 're going to join the standard eea providing you sign the free circulation treaties you are welcome to it . 
  griezman 's mother is portoguese too . 
   salty helmut is salty oh my god my sides !, 
  i think they basically said before the game that germany would steamroll france . 
  i kind of disagree . 
  while germany did lead the game they consistently failed to score despite a few good occasions and france definitly played well too . 
  i think it is unfair to say france did nothing to deserve this game . 
  i guess this is going to be a cock measuring contest . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's more a joke on the mindset of the people doing this kind of shit than a critic of all brits . 
  it is a point of detail but i am not sure they actually took paris . 
  if i recall correctly parisian people took arms and successfully defended their city , forcing the germans to lay siege to the city . 
  after some time the government negociated peace because their was no food left and the german let the french government deal with the aftermath . 
  if i remember well it was not planned . 
  it was a rememberance ceremony and one of them took the other 's hand , hence why it looks a bit ceremonious . 
  i re-watched it at home just to make sure , it was 100 % justified really . 
  it 's not about disaproving the glorious leader . 
  it 's about you ignoring most aspects of him and apparently only being aware of the military one . 
  first on the military part of your comment . 
  it is true that napoleon did a lot of warring but it is worth noting most of the wars napoleon found himself in were not started by him but by european monarchies . 
  as to burning cities he probably did but his main goal was generally to capture them intact so as to spread the revolutionary ideals , make them into client states and collect taxes to pay for his armies . 
  burning cities was definitly not an habit of napoleon . 
  on art yeah he stole a lot of it . 
  then you completly ignore the many civilian reforms napoleon brought to our country . 
  in my opinion they completly overshadow his military achievement , even if only because contrary to most of his military achievements his reforms of france survived to this day and not just in france but in many country he conquered . 
  this is why napoleon totally has its place in a game like civilization dealing with both civilian and military aspects of civilization building . 
  that being said he did do a lot of bad things ( betrayal of his spanish ally and the bloody repression that followed for example ) . 
  kind of artificially though . 
  and i still have n't invested in eastern poland . 
  what the fuck am i waiting for ?? 
   and did you miss the with union representatives ? 
  the boss ca n't do anything if the salaries agree . 
  i did not miss it . 
  i just think it is far from enough to guarantee an actual balance of power during negociations for the reasons i gave in my last comment . 
   and would you rather be completely unemployed , or maybe once have to work over 35h when the company needs it , and then go back ? 
  i already work overtime when needed and i am okey with it if it is needed , no need to change the law for that . 
  as i said your comment about french people being lazy and not willing to put any effort is just fantasies as evidenced by any studies on french workers ' productivity . 
   but apparently a large part of our population just wants to work less , never get fired even if they 'd literally piss on their boss , yet earn more every year , and retire 5 years before the rest of europe ( not even talking about edf/sncf ) . 
  the rest of europe is free to give up their right like they do . 
  french workers just want to be respected as workers , have a decent pay for their work and not get fired without reasons because their boss does not like their face . 
  your comment is just the reflection of your own fantasies and is completly disconnected with the reality . 
   what the law says is that a company can ignore branch collective bargaining by doing it on a local level , with the company 's union representatives . 
  but nooooooo , the secretary general of the commu ... cgt has to control everything , even if a company in eastern france does n't have the same problems has a dynamic company in lyon or paris . 
  yeah meaning the boss can literally force anything on his employee since he will just have to tell his employees that without whatever he is trying to force on his employees they will be less competitive than the other company next door . 
  the branch agreements allow to circumvent that by putting all the companies at the same level , effectively making social dumping impossible . 
  funny how most people greatly in favor of this law did not think it through at all . 
  no matter how you look at it , company level agreements suck for the employees and the cgt is right to fight it . 
   yea , well ... that 's why they 're called reforms ? 
  a reform is a change . 
  it can be any change , does not have to be `` let 's just throw the labour code in the toilets and see what happens '' . 
   yes , doing that will decrease their rights and the balance of power between employees and employers . 
  that 's the exact goal of any labour reforms in a very regulated market . 
  then i do n't see how people are amazed that workers are against it . 
  you ca n't ask them to go to the slaughterhouse smiling and thanking their masters . 
   i would like to add that it is not just some unions against it . 
  about 70 % of french people are against it and the government has to use a shitty article from our constitution to bypass parliamentary debate because they know it would never pass if they did not . 
  this is also a big point of conflict . 
   regardless of that , i also have the feeling that - most - unions in france are opposed to any reform the governments ( now or before ) try to pass . 
  honestly it is much more nuanced than that . 
  the unions that against the current labour reform are just the left wing ones . 
  most major unions are open for it in theory but want want more discussion because they feel some parts of it are problematic . 
  the government is n't open to discussion though and wo n't budge on anything which explains the fact this conflict remains for so long . 
   unlike in other countries - e.g. 
  germany - most of the unions are in a conflict mind and wants to do a face to face before negotiation , rather than compromising . 
  i would say it works differently . 
  in france the unions first start a conflict and then go to negociate afterwards . 
  the idea in the union 's mind is to negociate in a position of power . 
  i know germany functions differently and if that works for them i have nothing to say about it .
