  it never ended well so we stopped eventually . 
  i guess it 's just a subjective thing . 
  have you played it recently ? 
  they made a lot of changes since the start and it 's now a pretty good game in my opinion . 
  just out of curiosity what did you not like ? 
  yeah i like it too . 
  i do n't play it hard but i play a few matches from time to time and i find it enjoyable enough . 
  did you at least get a few legendary skins ? 
  i think she is hot as fuck . 
  my favorite in the louvre is by far [ the coronation of napoleon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_coronation_of_napoleon ) . 
  it is massive and the level details is just astounding . 
  ah yeah europe . 
  this wonderful country with unified standards of living . 
  it 's not very popular here . 
  none of my friends ever been to a strip club and we are all around 30 . 
  going to a strip club is generally looked down upon . 
  not because we are shocked by it or anything but it generally is seen as something for very desperate people . 
  i am 1,96 m which is something around 6 ' 5 '' . 
  i am okey with that , the only problem is that i am broad shouldered too so finding clothes that fit well around the shoulders is not always easy . 
  i always said madame or monsieur when adressing them directly but that may just be me . 
  nice , so i did not forget everything . 
  nice username by the way . 
  monsieur or madame which is the formal way to adress someone . 
  if i remember well it 's the formal way to adress someone right ? 
  like vladimir vladimirovitch for vladimir putin . 
  probably go to a bar and drink a lot while watching it yeah . 
  i will probably visit russia one day because i love the culture but i will probably avoid it during the world cup as it is going to be pretty crowded . 
  i like \u0444\u0443\u0442\u0431 ** o ** \u043b but not enough to dish out money for a world cup ticket . 
  no one believes in pearl harbour conspiracy in france i do n't know where the person you answer to got that . 
  you were in the way . 
  psssh ... nothin personnel ... kid, 
  brewdog punk ipa is currently my favorite beer . 
  never heard someone say it 's shit . 
  `` i hear you 're a racist now , father ? 
  should we all be racist , now ? 
  what 's the official line that the church has taken on this ? 
  it 's just that the farm takes up most of the day , and at night , i like to have a cup of tea . 
  i might n't be able to devote myself full-time to the old racism . '', 
  prepare to get very depressed . 
  chunky one is pretty decent on a good slice of fresh brioche . 
  it is not something i eat a lot but i do n't hate it . 
  it happens in rural france . 
  would not say it is super common but it is not unheard of either . 
  poolvoerde is such a great character , both in movies and in real life . 
  god i love father ted . 
  i agree whole heartedly for kaamelott and oss 117 . 
  i would probably add le d\u00eener de con and , so there is not only comedies , intimate enemies which is an awesome historic war flick about algeria war . 
  some people did not like warlords of draenor and i kind of understand the reasons . 
  it was still a bugless and well made expansion from the start . 
  i have played on and off since vanilla and people have been asking for player housing nearly from the start of the game . 
  when blizzard finally gave it to them suddenly they do n't like it anymore . 
  honestly i liked warlords of draenor , yeah it turned some aspects of the game into a single player game and i understand why some people did not like that . 
  it was still very well made and was just responding to something the wow community had asked for years . 
  not blizzard 's fault if the community do n't know what they want . 
  damn , brings so much nostalgia . 
  blizzard are pretty good too . 
  never released an unfinished game . 
  i just went to my local butcher for thin slices of beef . 
  they are currently marinating in my fridge . 
  if all goes well i will probably have some nice homemade jerky within 48 / 72h . 
  define rude . 
  always ask what constitutes rude in their mind . 
  it often seems that some americans come to europe expecting people here to work exactly like americans , to have the same values , the same social rituals etc. . . sure we are all occidental , developped countries but we work differently and maybe what some people find rude when they visit france is the proper way to do things in france . 
  that 's why when someone makes a broad generalization like that after a visit it 's important to define what exactly constituted rude in their opinion . 
  most of the time you will realize that they just expected american people with stripped shirts and thin mustaches and were bamboozled when they found that people did not act like that . 
  informing yourself on the country you visit is just the basis of tourism and if you do n't do that you are the rude person . 
  as the old saying says `` if you meet an asshole , so be it . 
  if you only meet assholes , maybe you are the asshole '' . 
  mostly he is in the `` do n't know and do n't care much '' category . 
  cuba is pretty far from europe and they never really were a threat to us like they were to you . 
  german : they have great christmas markets . 
  we have some beautiful ones too but theirs are very cool . 
  belgium : brussels is a great city to have a good time and belgian people are generally nice . 
  switzerland : they take good care of the money of our beloved politicians . 
  italian : they are just awesome . 
  i go there whenever i can . 
  spain : i do n't know much about them to be honest . 
  uk : i have good hope they will switch place with australia one day . 
  it sure as hell is not france . 
  damn , you definitly had an opening there mate !, 
  naming your pig napoleon is still illegal . 
  in france too, 
  they are the ideal snack for a meat lover like me and they are not very caloric . 
  you can find some here but they are not as good and generally pretty expensive . 
  not everyone like them though . 
  did you have positive feedback at least ? 
  yep . 
  if a colleague actually applied her mouth on my cheek i would definitly assume that she is flirting pretty heavily . 
  i do n't have any argument against to be honest . 
  it is so ubiquitous in france already i do n't think it would change anything if they legalized it . 
  did she call you a child killer ? 
  hahahahaha i love it . 
  mindless adherence to rules is a pretty common german stereotype here . 
  they are not actual kisses . 
  you just put your cheek close to the other person cheek and that 's all . 
  you barely touch the other person and certainly not with your mouth . 
  if they are people i am close with no problem . 
  if they are not i wish they die in pain . 
  kisses for colleagues are okey though . 
  they are pretty standard in france .
