  they should focus on fixing their country first . 
  we are doing okey despite what breitbart says . 
  where are you situated ? 
  i live in lyon and this was my experience last week but this monday seems more pleasant . 
  tried my hands at shooting at a range yeah . 
  shot a few handguns in .22 , .38 , 9mm , .45 and .357 . 
  also shot a mp5 and a [ glock intervention ] ( http://i36.servimg.com/u/f36/14/76/75/11/aps-ki10.jpg ) which is basically a glock 17 upgraded as a light carbine . 
   auftragstaktik pretty much every modern western armies use that or a variation of that now as far as i know . 
  i use ouigo a lot to go see my friends and family in the north and it is dirtcheap . 
  i generally pay around 25 $ to go from lyon to lille and it takes around three hours . 
  never had a complaint . 
   language of utmost importance . 
  i do n't imagine someone not speaking french fluently ever integrating her . 
   employment good if you have it  values if your main goal in life is to actually live your life it definitly helps . 
  i would not call it obligatory though . 
  knowing good food and enjoying it is important though . 
   religion being agnostic or atheist helps a lot if your goal is to integrate as a french person . 
  religions are alright though as long as you are not being a dick about it . 
   spending past time just do what you like  knowing your country 's popular culture like movies or music yeah it 's kind of important obviously because it will allow you to talk with other people but i would not call it essential . 
  yeah . 
  i remember the oral exam with the italian teacher : `` if i give you 27/30 is it okey for you ? 
  - yeah ! '', 
  and it never happens if you talk to your univ beforehand and make sure they accept your courses before you pass them . 
  it 's very weird not to do it when i think of it . 
  no , they made some tests but they tended to just eat everyone alive and it was deemed unsafe . 
  sure yeah, 
  as i was chosing my courses i was supposed to coordinate with my univ to validate them beforehand . 
  that 's how my univ did anyway . 
  it 's worth noting that on the interesting thing in erasmus is that the semester you validate during it actually counts towards your degree . 
  girls and alcohol in a cool foreign country . 
  no but i did meet people who said `` i used to be a racist and then i worked with some muslim guys and i realized they were just people '' . 
  this kind of behavior and sentiment generally comes from the deshumanization of the other and lack of comprehension of what motives them . 
  as with pretty much everything when there is something we do n't know or understand the brain just replaces it with whatever it wants . 
  obviously not everyone can change their opinion this way but a lot of the sympathizers can . 
  even if you want it recognizing a country which used to be part of another country is always a sensitive subject . 
  they may simply not be willing to risk piss off moldova or they may not want to encourage separatist movements in their own country . 
  i assure you they are the same , just with a new packaging . 
  they just let their hair grew and swapped the dr.marten 's and military clothes for well trimmed beards and fitted formal shirts . 
  they still hate anything non-european with a passion they just learnt how to police their speeches and took webdesign lessons . 
  no , not in the west anyway . 
  they recruit people by explaining people that immigrants are coming to rape their mothers and make france an islamic caliphate . 
  i have hung out in the football subcultures for quite a lot of time and i have had the occasion to chat with both fascists and antifascists and that 's just not how it works at all i am sorry . 
  both sides were saying the exact same thing about the other and kept patting themselves on the back everytime they `` won '' against the other side , only to do it again two months later . 
  nothing ever changed . 
  the fascists did not see the errors of their way and did not feel intimidated at all , quite the opposite actually . 
  in fact for a fair bit of them they stayed in their group specifically to fight antifas because they had fun doing so , it was their adrenaline rush of the weekend . 
  i completly understand what you say but this is a naive point of view , i am sorry to break it to you . 
  i am 100 % convinced that no matter how awful fascists are , antifas are absolutly not a solution . 
  fascists are not just high school bullies who pick on people for fun . 
  before anything else they have an ideology and a political agenda and unless you fight them on both of these grounds you are not part of the solution . 
  the fascists ideologues who make cool videos on youtube , giving a youthful and dynamic face to their ideas are infinitly more dangerous and harmful than the skinhead who harasses refugees . 
  just a last insight that i feel can be useful to anyone fighting fascists , identitarians are actually banning skinheads and anyone dressing like them from their events because they consider them harmful to their cause . 
  that 's right , the good old skinheads are very poorly seen in the new far right because the new far right is 95 % about pr and communication and i am sorry to say that but the antifas are miles behind them on this ground because most of them still think , like you , that it 's just a matter of beating up the good people . 
  here is the facebook page of [ `` la citadelle '' ] ( https://www.facebook.com/citadelleong/photos/rpp.1461106270773055/1884933551723656/?type=3 ) as a matter of example . 
  this is a bar owned and ran by g\u00e9n\u00e9ration identitaire in lille . 
  just go and check the photos and publications , you wo n't see anything sinister or violent or even political . 
  just wholesome young men and women having a good time in a cool , well decorated place , listening to live music and having beer and cocktails together . 
  that 's the face of the new far right and that 's the people who recruit our young like crazy . 
  what do you suggest to do ? 
  go in , crash the party and beat up everyone ? 
  do you think there is any way you would not look terribly like the bad guy or the fanatic to everyone ? 
  no there is not and that 's just not how you will win against them . 
  calling antifa bullies is kind of a stretch , they are mainly kids who want to change the world and feel powerless in doing so and think that beating up people with the wrong views is a solution . 
  they do n't realize that they mainly end up doing the opposite of what they try to achieve . 
  i would call them misled or delusional but bullies seem kind of hard . 
  of course they are pretty much present wherever there is a far right, 
  i was merely talking about the fact to be against fascism in general . 
  i am not speculating about what they want beyond that . 
  cracked down legally or politically maybe . 
  nazi militias fought with communist ones all the time before and during hitler 's rise to power and it never changed shit . 
  god , algerians are weird . 
  they leave their country to find a better one but are still generally super nationalistic about algeria and the ones who live in the west are often more conservative than the ones actually living in algeria . 
  moroccans for example are generally much more pleasant to chat with in my opinion / experience . 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  i do n't think you would meet one far right guy who is actually afraid of antifas and you certainly wo n't meet anyone who did not join a fascist group because they were afraid of the big bad antifa . 
  you battle these ideologies by fighting ignorance , not by beating up random people . 
  then it 's useless . 
  you know exactly what they think . 
  good cause but very stupid people . 
  they generally end up doing the exact same shit the fascists do but with more feelings of moral superiority . 
  i have yet to meet somone saying `` i used to be a fascist but since this antifa punched me in the face i changed and i am now a very open-minded and tolerant person '' . 
  we do n't want you here . 
  trickle down economics is a nigerian prince level scam . 
  ca n't believe we still have dimwits believing in that shit today . 
  what are the pros and cons of wooden shoes for gardening ? 
   going for a beer with on your first date is acceptable . 
  edit : to a pub , not a bar , where both of you have the beer , not just the guy . 
  i think it is acceptable in pretty much all the european countries . 
  i remember reading that he was pretty good for turkey from an economical point of view and that it was the reason some people would support it . 
  what is your opinion on that ? 
  depends . 
  if paying taxes means i keep the same level of public services then sure . 
  i mean in the end it 's like paying for services and in france they are mostly of good quality . 
  in winter cold is fucking cold though . 
  tepid is much more comfortable when washing your hands . 
  we have taps [ with one handle ] ( http://maison-miel.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/robinet.jpg ) making it so even english people like yourself can use it easily . 
  following the government announces to check for controversial laws being passed possibly causing strikes , so you can take them into account while planning your trip . 
  that 's just insanely ignorant and rude . 
  a solution to what problem ? 
  `` oh i really dislike have tepid water , i really wish my water either scalded my hands or froze them instantly without any possibility for a middle ground . '',
