  yeah fillon is now well-established as `` that guy who wants to strip us from our healthcare and put a us type healthcare in its place '' in the mind of everyone . 
  let 's say it is not a popular view in france . 
  haha , someone watched the wire, 
  we are at war . 
  pretending we are not wo n't change that . 
  damn , patton really looks like god emperor trump on this picture . 
  to which italy responds by changing side . 
  you misunderstand the aim of nationalists . 
  they do n't want integration . 
  they do n't want muslims to fit in for a simple reason : in their mind muslims are just passing through . 
  to them integrating muslims is a lost cause and you should not even try , they do n't belong here and therefore they do n't need to integrate , they just need to leave . 
  pretty much all the nationalists i know are anti-integration . 
  that 's why when people say you are a fascist because you want assimilation it makes me laugh because they do n't realize that wanting assimilation means you already accepted the idea of foreigner coming , getting naturalized and settling here in a definitive way . 
  germany following our example , that has to be a first in recent history . 
  who cares , he wo n't have time to do anything anyway . 
  they could have appointed goofy for all the change it would make . 
  the countries which based they law on the napoleonic are sensible and honorable . 
  the others have apparently not learned their lesson the first time so we will probably have to come back and deal with that eventually . 
  i would definitly welcome that . 
  every romanian i met has been nothing but charming . 
  panettone is best . 
  there , it 's settled . 
  you can all go back to your homes folks . 
  panettone you monster . 
  yeah i am from france and no i do n't think people will vote depending whether someone has a vagina or not . 
  it may be the case for 1 % of the people but mainly people vote for a party first and a programme second . 
  stop trying to push your agenda whatever it is . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  i know a lot of far right people and they do n't give a fuck about le pen 's vagina if it means they get what they want . 
  stop trying to analyze things you do n't understand . 
  wars are generally a great thing for a french president . 
  it pretty much always results in an increase in popularity . 
  for me it 's just the reversible character that makes prison more humane . 
  if you convict someone wrongly he lost years of his life that he will never get back but he generally gets money for his trouble and he gets to live the rest of his life on the outside . 
  once you execute someone , if you realize years later that you got the wrong guy it just means the system murdered someone in cold blood . 
  i realize that in the case of abdeslam his guilt pretty much makes no doubt but in a democracy governed by rule of law i believe the same rules applies to everyone . 
  he probably will at some point . 
  he will be 85 , senile and will be released for causes of health . 
  you know someone is a visionary when politicians keep quoting him after 80 years !, 
  how wrong you are but i doubt you will ever see it . 
  good luck being of bad faith on the internets , i am sure it 's a lot of fun . 
  yeah , they are not good compared to the first four armies in the world since they [ are fifth ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=france ) . 
  you also have [ reports from non-armchair soldiers ] ( https://chrishernandezauthor.com/2013/07/09/working-with-the-french-army/ ) saying how competent french army is but i am sure you know your shit more than these guys . 
  and i am sure you have tons of first hand experience of french troops in combat , you yourself being a top tier sf operator . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is a great speaker , i would say jean marie le pen was very charismatic too but all in all you are right . 
  the last very charismatic president we had was chirac . 
  are you implying the staff was indeed working with the terrorists . 
  i really would like to hear any arguments you have supporting this theory . 
  neither , it has to be voted by the parliament . 
  political cowardice mainly . 
  if he stops state of emergency and there is an attack people will just blame him for raising the state of emergency . 
  they are just scared shitless of being blamed for the next bataclan . 
  no some rights are suspended . 
  for example the police can search a house without asking for a warrant . 
  it 's amazing how it looks exactly like lyon 's old town . 
  if i had not read the title i would have thought it was . 
  sure , and i am sure germany will try its absolute best . 
  and he should n't be . 
  iraq is a sovereign country if they want to give her back they will but if they do n't they wo n't . 
  pending that she has the rights guaranteed to her by iraqi laws and nothing more i am sorry . 
  it is time to stop this european arrogance according to which european people somehow deserve a special status even when outside of eu . 
  she probably should have thought about that before committing capital crimes in a country without basic human rights , i guess . 
  not much we can do now that she is outside of eu jurisdiction . 
  she has the rights guaranteed by her in the country she has been arrested for crimes committed there . 
  nothing more . 
  the iraqi people her boyfriend and herself raped , tortured and slaughtered like cattle have a right to justice . 
  suspects have rights but so do the victims . 
  if a french person came to romania and killed and raped your family i would absolutly support him being tried in romania by romanian people and according to romanian laws . 
  i do n't advocate for her death of any other sentence . 
  i just think it is fair that she is judged by the country where she committed her crimes . 
  why would she have any special treatment because she is western european ? 
  what legally counts is where you commit the crime, 
  fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . 
  i think european countries are done taking chances with ex-isis members and they are right in my opinion . 
  if she decides to go on a murder spree back home it will be on whoever decided to let her come back . 
  probably wo n't happen though . 
  it is said in the article that germany is not asking for extradition so she is going to be tried in iraq and will therefore stay away for quite a while since they are not fond of ex-isis there . 
  let 's keep in mind that whatever horrible things isis did in europe they did one million times worse there . 
  her actions happened in iraq so let her be tried in iraq with her peers . 
  i think most people do n't judge you too hard because you were basically fighting against ussr for your survival and it is hard to judge you for accepting germany 's help in this context . 
  maybe a few very stupid people but all in all you are right , i am left and i always macron would be the bane of worker 's rights . 
  that 's not it . 
  he never was popular despite what foreign medias were saying about `` macronmania '' . 
  very few people voted for him in the first place . 
  his government and deputies just showed themselves both incredibly inflexible on everything and very incompetent in others and even people who used to support him start doubting him . 
  thing is he never got really popular . 
  most people abstained because they were fed up of the mediatic circus and did not find a candidate they identified with . 
  since day 1 macron always was a president by default , people abstained shitting on him at first to see what he would do and it is now clear that it is going to be as shitty as was expected . 
  napol\u00e9on is still very popular today except maybe in vend\u00e9e for obvious reasons . 
  he generally comes second behind de gaulle in the polls . 
  especially when he later fucked over the military by cutting their budget , making a well liked general quit his functions . 
  unless that president is le pen and then she will do much worse . 
  i deeply believe macron is a `` last chance '' president . 
  a lot of people , myself included , voted for him to give eu and classical parties a last chance after hollande . 
  i wo n't lie , it was an act of faith more than an act of reason . 
  if macron fucks up , i definitly never will vote le pen but next time i will not vote against her either and what has to happen will happen . 
  this is absolutly disgusting and outrageous , advertising police degrading a suspect on your stamps like that is not cool at all finland . 
   it has been had a billion times already and the end result is always the same . 
  you realize you have no actual argument and are just having a kneejerk reaction to something you do n't know anything about ? 
  i really liked his relationship with churchill , both liked banter and they had a lot of hilarious exchanges .
