  it basically implies that voting according to your heart is just throwing your vote down the drain . 
  * les acquis sociaux / l'assistanat : leftists always talk about `` acquis sociaux '' ( social benefits ) as something sacred that has been fought for bitterly and that we need to fight to keep . 
  on the other hand the right wingers rant about `` l'assistanat '' ( state handouts ) that are costing the state tons of money that would be better invested in lining the pockets of the wealthy . 
  it may be too general for you though as it happens in other countries too . 
  the hypersacralization of social benefits is probably very french though . 
  * la\u00efcit\u00e9 ( secularism ) : this is probably one of the most important thing in france politically . 
  being accused of putting secularism in danger in france can be extremely damaging politically whatever side you are on . 
  french secularism is generally only understood as `` hard '' secularism as in freedom from religion is put weeeeell over freedom of religion and religion should be a very private and almost hidden thing . 
  anything less is just being unfrench and bowing down to religions . 
  this post is kind of funny because the poles are legendary for their ability to keep grudges and the fact that a topic about long time grudges comes from a pole kind of plays into the stereotype that poles are pretty much the real life equivalent to fantasy dwarves . 
  do n't add me to your book of grudges please !, 
  :p we have some local rivalries like north of france vs picardy and so on but nothing that could really be called resentment except maybe paris vs the rest of france where paris is accused of draining the whole country of talents and capitals and then looks down on the rest of france for being less rich and developped but that is pretty much the same in all centralized countries . 
  yeah , everyone knows that the proper name is `` petit pain '' . 
  this guy has the only good answer in the whole thread . 
  public school : no religious symbole whatsoever . 
  public space : nothing that hide the face . 
  it can be a motorcycle helmet , a full face veil or a fran\u00e7ois hollande mask it 's the same thing . 
  you can totally wear a veil though . 
  your face just must stay visible or you will get fined . 
   zaz for some artists i genuinely can not understand their success abroad . 
  zaz is just the worst in my opinion and a lot of people feel this way in france . 
  triple karmeliet for belgian style triple fermented beers . 
  brewdog punk ipa for bitter red beers . 
  la goudale when i am thirsty . 
  honestly it 's pretty much impossible to know how well the traditional parties will do in 2022 . 
  they got slapped hard . 
  it 's pretty much the first time none of them is in second round . 
  we do n't even know for sure who will be elected the 7th may ( even though macron has good chances to be elected ) so making any prevision for 2022 would be just wishful thinking . 
  the republicans are not in second round . 
  it 's macron vs le pen now . 
  if you are left leaning you are going to favour a left leaning candidate and french ( and , it seems , european too ) people on reddit tend to be left leaning . 
  among young people it 's probably true . 
  as you grow older and more informed the varnish kind of rubs off and you have a more realistic image of the us with all its good and bad things . 
  probably exagerating but not that much . 
  out of my ass / r/france must be something like 60 % m\u00e9luche , 30 % macron and 10 % spread among the rest . 
  to be honest french cars are okey . 
  you definitly have much worse out there . 
  they are not the best but they are decent enough . 
  if only / r/france voted , melenchon would have been elected at first round with 70 % of the votes . 
  we still have a long way to go in france when it comes to welcoming disabled in the public space but we definitly are making fast progress . 
  i think it 's mostly americans obsessing about what their leaders do their dick . 
  it is much less important in the rest of the world . 
  good realistic silicone masks are pretty damn expensive . 
  it was mostly a joke yeah . 
  no one really cares . 
  i think what he means is that a lot of europeans have trouble wrapping their heads around the concept americans call dating . 
  how do you define dating ? 
  if we suppose that macron wins this one , it will lie entirely on his shoulders . 
  if he actually manages to do good and get results , fn will be severely weakened . 
  if not we may very well see a le pen vs melenchon scenario next time . 
  depends who you ask . 
  le pen : * for her supporters she is the only candidate who wants france to remain france and the defender of the small people . 
  she wants to free france from the shackles of eu who hinder its progress and prevents french politicians from helping the poor . 
  she is also the defender of morality against surrogacy and other threats to the traditional family values . 
  she is also for retying peaceful relationships with russia . 
  * for her haters she is a fascist who hates islam and defends a nonsensical economic programme blaming eu for every problem . 
  she pretends to care about small people but is just after their vote and the economic programme she defends will fuck small people first and foremost . 
  she is also an hypocrite who gladly accepts money from eu while denouncing how eu steals money from france and we would be better off without it . 
  she is also very much putin 's pet . 
  macron : * for his supporter he is something new in politics , someone who does not care about labels and just wants to modernize france by introducing more flexibility in our labour code . 
  he will strengthen france 's position in europe throught a strong , renewed partnership with germany . 
  he may also have a cougar fetish . 
  * for his haters he is a hollow shell created from scratch by the medias to replace hollande who could not possibly run because of his abysmal approval ratings . 
  he is an ex-investment banker and will only defend the interests of the ultra rich who had him elected and will dismantle our labour code so french people can fianlly be exploited freely by their boss just like everywhere else in the world . 
  in the meantime he will just promise everything to everyone so he gets elected in office . 
  he may also have a cougar fetish . 
  the vast majority of his economic measures are right wing . 
  he may be left leaning on social progress but that 's the only thing left about him . 
  we do make small talk with people we just met . 
  we just avoid personal topics with people who are not very close to us . 
  not really when you think about it . 
  he basically gives the voters the power to either confirm their support for him by reelecting a majority favourable to him or to shit on his face by electing an opposition majority . 
  it 's kind of democratic vote of confidence . 
  if the voters support him , he will be able to continue with a better majority allowing him to continue his policies unhindered . 
  if not then he will have to negociate literally everything he wants to do with the opposition , weakening him tremendously . 
  i buy a lot of eden park . 
  it 's a pretty expensive rugby brand but i am pretty broad shouldered and they make perfect fits for someone like me . 
  they also look good and are quite durable . 
  i like serge blanco too which is another good quality rugby brand but i thought the manager of the shop in my city is a jerk so i do n't patronize his shop . 
  french used to be a very prominent language in diplomacy and therefore we have a lot of words a bit everywhere . 
  honestly just in english the list is extremely long . 
  oh yeah i remember him . 
  he was raping and killing simple minded people , right ? 
  this guy was the definition of the disgusting sick fuck . 
  it 's always them , right ? 
  chick flicks are not necessarily my thing but i found myself enjoying l'arnacoeur ( [ the heart breaker ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1465487/ ) ) . 
  the love story is , well , a love story but it is pretty funny and well played . 
  if we are doing nazi criminals [ dirlewanger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oskar_dirlewanger ) always terrified me personally . 
  the guy was a sociopath , a sadist , a child molester and necrophile as well . 
  i have a book by christian ingrao about the dirlewanger ss penal division that he led . 
  it was a ss penal division made up of poachers , disgraced ss soldiers , criminals , mentally deficient and pedophiles recruited in high security prisons and concentration camps and it 's bone chilling . 
  when other ss officers start making complaints to ss high command about your behavior and warcrimes you know you are a pretty shitty person . 
  generally we do n't really treat them differently . 
  we have a lot of oversea territories where natives are black so they are a common sight here . 
  it would be so great if everyone started doing that everywhere . 
  it would be a great revolt . 
  it reminds me the excellent [ sketch by mitchel & webb ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5muy64oyp10 ), 
  thing is even if the university was free , 3 to 4k/yr would not even cover your basic needs . 
  3-4k eur/yr is pretty much impossible i think . 
  it would not be enough to pay rent alone for the year .
