  i think they are more anti-russian than very pro-american . 
   a ) you make the assumption that every business banker somehow works for the media or is intimately acquinted with the important people in the sector . 
  ( unless it is public knowledge that he did in fact work intimately with the media in his time as banker ) no i do n't . 
  i say they know the right people . 
  macron is a known associate of both attali and minc and that 's two people we are sure of , it is probably that there are more . 
  if you do n't know them those two persons are very influential french businessmen . 
   b ) the main reason why for example a newspaper would decide to write an article or not about a politician is not because they are influenced by above ( personal preference of the boss ) , but whether they think their audience will be interested in said article . 
  i think it 's obvious that a young , new and quite popular presidential candidate is more interesting than politicians who are not so different from the politicians of previous elections . 
  most papers do not make much money and that 's when they are not in deficit . 
  when a businessman decides to buy shares in the medias he knows he wo n't make much money from it , if he wanted to make money there are waaaay more interesting investment , then why would he invest in there ? 
   c ) also the leftist presidential candidates from `` these simple figures '' get pretty marginal polling results ( except for hamon ) . 
  it 's fair to assume that the audiences interest in these people would also be fairly low and i find that reason enough to justify writing less articles about them . 
  when `` macron-mania '' started no one was interested in him . 
  back in 2014 only 14 % of citizens wanted him to have a role in french politics yet overnight all the medias started hailing him as the new jesus . 
  your theory just does not hold . 
  he has not been talked about because he interested the people yet now he interests the people because he has been talked about . 
  this is a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  you wo n't have any evidence ever . 
  it is just unprovable but there is a point where coincidences are just too big to believe . 
  the fact he still has no programme as we speak discounts the fact that he could be liked for his actual ideas since he has none . 
  that would imply all the other candidates do not make any newsworthy comment which is of course not true . 
  yep there is a difference between the legal notions and phisophical ones . 
  basically macron appeared out of nowhere and suddenly all the medias only talked about him despite him having no programme whatsoever . 
  the reason for that is that pretty much all of our medias are owned [ by big groups ] ( http://www.monde-diplomatique.fr/cartes/ppa#&amp;gid=1&amp;pid=1 ) ( our country currently rank [ 45th for freedom of press ] ( https://rsf.org/en/france ) specifically because of that , which is a terrible ranking for a democracy , your country is first for example ) . 
  if macron is elected it will just mean that you can buy an election providing you own a sufficient number of medias since he has no programme or even a clear line . 
  here is my argument about it : in march 2016 macron was credited [ between 17 and 14 % of votes according to ifop ] ( https://twitter.com/ifopopinion/status/710397245615640576/photo/1 ) ( third or forth position so he would have been very unlikely to be in second round ) . 
  today he is around 25 % in second position just behind le pen and is the most probable to win if we believe polls . 
  how can it be explained ? 
  [ these simple figures ] ( http://lvsl.fr/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/jlm-macron-montebourg-hamon.png ) are pretty clear , he got much more media coverage than the three left wing candidates together ( 6400 articles mentioning him in major medias , 5780 for all the three left wing candidates together ) . 
  when you link that to his past as a business banker for a big name of the banking industry where he met daily with all the media-owning magnates of france i do n't think it is tinfoil hatty to suspect that he was created by those same people to represent their interests at the head of france who then put their mediatic power behind him to make him win . 
  macron is the politics equivalent to the boys band created artificially by record label in the years 2000 's to appeal to an audience as wide as possible . 
   politicians are lawmakers , not `` a court of law '' . 
  politicians make law but the responsibility of judging whether something is a crime lies on the court . 
  that 's standard separation of power in any democracy worth its name . 
  what bugs me with macron 's comment is that he is just saying that trying to score brownie points for an election . 
  i highly doubt he actually believes that for a second , he just keep wooing people from all sides saying what he thinks they want to hear . 
  he says anti-gay marriage demonstrator have been humiliated one week to get the conservative vote , then next week he says that to get the immigrant vote , then the next week it will be something else . 
  all politicians are like that to a point but macron just has no line at all and is even more opportunistic and populist than marine le pen to me as at least marine has a somewhat coherent line even if it is a shitty one . 
  i just do n't understand how macron fanboys can not see that plainly . 
  not the article i was looking for ( only found it in french ) but here is an interview by a german newspaper or the same guy translated in english : https://en.qantara.de/content/interview-with-french-extremism-researcher-olivier-roy-radicalisation-is-not-the-result-of, 
  i see you are trying to make a point but i do n't really get it . 
  you seem a bit confused . 
  the notion of crime against humanity did not exist in lincoln time . 
  what 's wrong with hollande ? 
  i agree colonialism is a bad thing but crime against humanity is a legal term and has to be given by a court of law , not by a politician in campaign . 
  he said something stupid and got well deserved flack for it . 
  i doubt he even believes it himself , macron is 100 % a politician created from scratch by medias and finance . 
  if he is elected it will prove for good that elections are not won but bought and that it is time for a deep change of political system . 
  i remember him more for fucking lybia up personally, 
  i know i was being cheeky . 
  `` sorry guv , i totally get all the cutting heads off the infidels and all that but when do we get our bloody tea break exactly ? '', 
  i read a pretty interesting piece that said that we should consider that in a lot of cases the djihadi phenomenon was more an islamisation of radical behaviors than a radicalization of islamic behaviors . 
  the guy used that argument to explain the fact that most djihadis had pretty much no religious backgrounds before joining but most were involved in small time criminality and other anti-social behaviors . 
  if the guy is right it means that in a lot of cases these guys are looking for a radical lifestyle and isis was just there are the proper time . 
  in another life they could as well have joined the foreign legion or become a radical anarchist vandalizing symbols of the establishment . 
  djihad gave them a purpose and allowed them to feel like they reunited with their roots . 
  i do n't know how right this guy was but i thought it was an interesting thought . 
  also no matter how much you hate the country you live in , living in it necessarily shapes the way you reason . 
  what in hell makes you say that ? 
  honestly if the criteria was `` guy you would have a beer with '' hollande would be a great president . 
  he is honestly very likable . 
  the problem is just that the economic programme he pursued was not really what was announced and the fact that he often appeared `` weak '' and unable to control his majority . 
  you are kidding but that actually happens . 
  i remember reading an article about how the french djihadis along with the french speaking belgians ( who fought within the same units as they were regrouped by native language ) were not very well considered in isis because they were openly defiant towards their hierarchy and did not hesitate to complain about the working conditions . 
  i am not sure he realized what it was at the moment . 
  yep , the total absence of noise or commotion probably made him say that . 
  also if anything serious had actually happened i am sure his security would have immediatly stepped in to escort him out . 
  `` in reaction to this , isis organized a demonstration , denouncing the unfair competition of police forces not having to smuggle their weapons to shoot at civilians which dramatically and unfairly reduces their costs of operation . '', 
  my money would be on ricochet . 
  when a bullet hits something hard like a pavement it does not just flatten , it generally shatters in a lot of little pieces which fly everywhere and can hurt you . 
  if the people are marked as `` lightly wounded '' i would bet the actual bullet hit nothing but fragmented when hitting the pavement and those fragments hurt the victims . 
  an actual gsw is pretty much never a light wound unless it really grazed you very lightly . 
  ricochet can kill if you get hit in the right place but most of the time it is much less threatening than an actual bullet . 
  i am not a fan at all of hollande as a president but his behavior and way to handle himself in general is always so funny to me for some reason . 
  the guy just looks too awkward to be a professional politician , he looks like a guy that has been kidnapped in the streets and who has been dropped at this position without any instructions . 
  because my comment is misunderstood as `` i do n't want to help '' . 
  i do want to help but if i do it is as a favour , i am using time and efforts to help someone , the very least this person can do is at least respect the local culture and language by acknowledging that it does exist . 
  is not exactly a difficult sentence to learn and it is enough to be respectful . 
  i am the arrogant one when someone just comes here and supposes that i am required to speak english despite being not in a english speaking country ? 
  that 's actually hilarious the mental gymnastic you are using to switch the roles . 
  what if i started going in a non-french speaking country and speak to people in french and then get all pissy when people think i am a dick ? 
  said it already , we do n't feel respected . 
  i talked about you with all the others , we all agree that you are a terrible person . 
  everyone says it . 
  even my mother who is a terrific woman , she called me today and said `` you know / u/hempinvader ? 
  this guy is a dick '' . 
  most french people like it sober generally speaking . 
  especially if you are going to do something they wo n't like it is probably better to keep it professional . 
  sugarcoating things or beating around the bush generally make things worse in my experience . 
  seems adequat for what you are telling me . 
  it just means `` hello , nice to meet you . 
  '' , it is polite , straight to the point and not too chummy . 
  i am not saying i do n't want to help . 
  i am always happy to and i pretty much always do . 
  i just want my culture and language to be considered . 
  i think the least anyone can do is learn a couple sentences , i always do that when travelling abroad ( and i have travelled quite a bit ) and i just expect people to do the same . 
  bi\u00e8re is female . 
  makes you talk non-stop and piss every ten minutes . 
  you can definitly say that colonialism is bad . 
  saying it was a crime against humanity makes it on par with the holocaust which is completly ridiculous .
