  funny , it 's exactly like the counter terrorism bill we passed last year . 
  [ bulgarian full face veil wearing women right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkie-vgugdi ), 
  maybe maybe not . 
  i do n't have their r\u00e9sum\u00e9 handy . 
  the point stands . 
   well sure , but i guess it did n't matter for those kids . 
  you sometimes have to swallow your pride when your pride is what stands between you and your next meal . 
  it does not mean it does not matter to them to be humiliated . 
  next time you tried we kicked your ass ^ with ^ the ^ help ^ of ^ half ^ the ^ world, 
  you mean charlemagne ? 
  typical germany , disrespecting its hat like that . 
  if some of my classmates from when i was in univ are anything to go by there are none . 
  norway got huge drawbacks and has literally no say in them too ( contrary to full members ) as pointed out somewhere else in this comment section . 
  uk needs eu trade much much more than eu needs uk trade . 
   i know you all want to see each other suffer i honestly do n't . 
  i sincerely wish uk remains and if they do n't i wish they do okey on their own . 
  it is just not possible that they retain eu advantages for any length of time if they leave , we just have to be logical . 
  it may come as a surprise but i do n't think most french people are brexiters . 
  most french are `` stop acting like a fucking diva '' - ers though and believe or not it is how uk is mostly seen in eu not because people are anti-british but because we are really fed up with uk always posturing , threatening to leave and asking for more so it stops ... until the next time . 
  this is mainly why people in eu say `` if you want to leave just leave '' just so it stops . 
  they do n't necessarily want you to leave , they just want you to be either in or out . 
  everyone does . 
  literally every country in the world thinks about its own interests and not much else and i am 100 % okey with that . 
  i am going to go on a limb and assume you are referring to the us military spendings ( it 's a common gripe american people seem to have with eu ) . 
  there are many reasons for the us military spendings and none of them is altruism ( and it is okey really , as i said every country on earth works this way ) , the main being that the us military spendings goes directly back to the us arms industries and that is good news for you . 
  basically you have high military spendings because apart from the weight it gives you on the international scene ( which is huge already ) they are indirect subsides to your own arms industries , it brings tons of jobs and it is good for your economy and it gives you power , influence etc. . . you may be under the impression that you are somehow sacrificing huge swaths of your budget to protect your friends only because they are your friends but the truth is the us would never do that if it did not benefit them greatly and once again i am 100 % okey with that . 
  friendships between countries are never based on altruism or sentiments and always on convergence of interests and in a way it is a reassuring prospect . 
   but let 's not pretend that the advantages and drawbacks are comparable for the 28 nations . 
  sure , france is the second largest contributor of eu funds , but is also the second largest receiver of eu funds . 
  countries like poland , portugal , greece , czech republic , hungary , romania , contribute very little to the budget but receive large amounts of eu funds . 
  also france and germany get to set eu agenda and policy to suite their needs which is a large advantage compared to other members . 
   it is not really surprising that one of the countries that gets the most advantages from the eu is resorting to threats and bullying to try to maintain the gravy train going for themselves . 
  we are still among the `` givers '' . 
  france gives more than it receives . 
  the argument according to which we are somehow milking uk or the eu is therefore not very valid here since whatever happens eu is more a cost than a benefit to us . 
   `` [ a painless brexit ] is impossible if we want to keep the rest of the eu present . '' it is not a question of bullying . 
  if you somehow show an example of a country reaping the benefits of eu without the drawbacks what exactly is the point of remaining into eu ? 
  it just needs to be perfectly clear to anyone that if you leave eu you lose the drawbacks but you also must lose all the advantages . 
  it is not punishment it is plain logic . 
  ho , i guess that is clearer . 
  i did not know this particular expression , thanks . 
  yeah , you ca n't have the advantages and no drawback that 's just common sense . 
  the journalist is just doing a empty sensationalistic piece . 
  saying `` any country who leaves will no longer gets the advantages of being in '' is not bullying it 's just being captain obvious but i guess saying france wants to actively harm uk just for the sake of it sells paper . 
  what a sensationalistic piece !, 
  ~ ~ first i do n't understand the reference about france somehow trying to get scotland out of uk , the article references it in the title then i do n't see any other mention , not argument or fact supporting that . 
  it 's just a completly empty declaration from the journalist . ~ ~ concerning the rest it 's pretty simple , eu gives advantages and drawbacks to its members . 
  if you leave you ca n't keep the advantages and have no drawbacks , it would send a shit message to anyone currently being in the eu . 
  it is not bullying , it is just common sense . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4o5g78/frances_plan_for_a_bloody_brexit_france_is_not/d49v1c1, 
  looks like monkeys flinging shit at each other . 
  in this leaflet light red is just meant to emphasize the fact that turkey is neighbor to both syria and iraq . 
  it has no other meaning whatsoever . 
  if anything you should be glad you are not scary enough to underline in light red . 
  politics are never about thankyous honestly , and thankfully so . 
  he did what he thought was the best for france at the moment . 
  we may think he was right or wrong but saying thank you was kind of irrelevant to the question . 
  i would not care if it was not in ww1 . 
  would you play a vietnam war video game that does not include the us in any way ? 
  it basically says france has had so little weight in this conflict it is not even worth mentioning . 
  i did not play battlefield since 1942 and was contemplating buying this one since the ww1 setting is not common in videogames and i thought it could be interesting but if it ignores france completly so they can feature us troops instead for marketing reasons , i may favour other games in the short / middle term yes . 
  it 's not a `` i loved it , now i hate it '' , it is more a `` i was on the fence about it and this may make it less appealing '' . 
  for the record i am also a bit annoyed at russia not being included either even though if the game is set after 1917 it can be justified . 
  and blackjack, 
  absolutly not . 
  whatever you may see on tv does not translate at all in everyday life . 
  haha , yeah who would have thought ea would do something evil ? 
  the guy brought marriage to french lgbt , i am sure they will forgive him for this blunder . 
  [ it 's just a shameless money-grab . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_one/comments/4nupy0/france_as_dlc_confirmed/ ) looks like i will be saving money on this one . 
  i agree , i think it 's terribly disrespectful towards the brave american soldiers who won first world war . 
  were they really allowed to pray at school ? 
  the two songs referenced in the article is `` isis , where are you ? '', 
  implying that the locals are linked to isis and `` isis we love you '' which is ... weird for lack of a better word . 
  i think it 's creepy to bring a terrorist group in a football competition to be honest . 
  it 's their right but the problem is after that you see brits here whining about piss poor security and violent locals being mean to them . 
  it 's pretty standard harmless banter . 
  i would not call that being provocative or pretty much everything is provocation . 
  good guy english hooligan : votes for brexit , makes sure no one will miss him too much . 
  they would have to get out of the hospital first . 
  especially as a woman !, 
  if i were a woman i would never set foot in a country where i would have to go around with a big `` it 's okey to rape me '' sign on my back . 
  this is plain lunacy . 
  why would anyone ever go to countries where you could be jailed for being raped . 
  it is beyond me . 
  there are so many nice countries with civilized laws to visit and do business with ... 
  what they put in the car is a marine hand signal , it is [ a torch like device used for distress signals ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r44mt2ir6mi ) . 
  it can cause burns if you direct it at someone but that 's not what happens here at all . 
  they throw it in the back of the car and not directly at the cops . 
  even the attack on the cop is a crime and i would advocate for the guy to be locked up if they catch him but it is pretty half assed . 
  they do n't even chase the guy when he decides to just go away walking . 
  they were obviously mainly after the car . 
  i am glad the cop in the video is better than you at estimating what constitutes an attempted murder to be honest . 
  sure , that 's a great idea . 
  let 's just shoot blindly in the crowd , it will work out great !, 
  it does not . 
  hence why i do n't agree with doing it . 
  my point is that simply watching this video without any context and pronuncing a swift judgement is a bit unfair . 
  i do not personally agree with destroying anyone 's property but i definitly understand their anger when you see the ludicrous violence french police has made use of since the beginning of these strikes . 
  only the police car is targeted in this video .
