  mistakes were made . 
   french who come to the us are always impressed by the service they get at restaurants , but still they hate the practice of tipping for some reason . 
  not really . 
  spent a few weeks in the us and while there is nothing really bad i always felt like service in france felt more authentic as you did n't feel like the waiter tried to be your bff . 
  it 's not a judgement really , we just generally prefer a more sober , less smiley approach . 
  it 's debatable of course but history seems to support his point . 
  bad crops , lack of fertile land and general lack of ressources always caused revolts , resentment , violence and movements of population . 
  isis root sure is religious extremism there is no doubt about that and they say it plainly but all the elements i cite make their job much easier . 
  those groups would surely exist if everyone in these areas had food and water in quantities but they would never be as powerful and would have very little support from the general populations , they would just be the shitty hateful apocalypse cult they actually are . 
  he could have worded it that way but he did not need to . 
  he said what he said and what he did not say he did not say . 
  that sounds dumb to say it but seeing some comments here it seems some people are just jumping on the `` he said climate change had to be tackled to fight terrorism so it means nothing else should be done to fight terrorism according to him '' bandwagon . 
  anything he did not openly exclude is still on the table and will probably be done too . 
  what part of my comment are you referring to ? 
  people here seem to misunderstand what he says . 
  when he says `` we can not fight terrorism without resolute action against global warming '' , he ** is not ** saying : * global warming is the only cause of terrorism * global warming is the main cause of terrorism * global warming is the only thing that should be tackled to fight terrorism * global warming is the main thing that should be tackled to fight terrorism he says : fighting global warming will greatly help us fight terrorism and so we should consider that as one of the things we need to do ( among other things ) in order to fight terrorism efficiently . 
  that 's all . 
  he never said anything about not fighting terrorism in other ways too at the same time . 
  he does not exclude better enforcement of borders while we fight climate change or anything else for that matter . 
  i really wonder who these mercenaries worked for . 
  that 's a total mystery !, 
  yeah . 
  belgian troops had the habit of cutting the hands of those who did not meet their rubber quotas under leopold ii . 
  it was supposed to help motivate the others . 
  yeah them too . 
  and their single airport makes it so hard to infect . 
  funny thing is such a disease would actually probably die out by itself pretty fast . 
  if plague inc taught me something it 's that viruses that kill too fast do n't get a chance to spread much . 
  also groenland is the bane of viruses . 
  that 's true . 
  they are nevertheless in a state of pseudo-statehood ( what they call the caliphate ) though and which is defined in parts of the quran . 
  quran states clearly that a caliphate needs a territory and a standing army to be called that . 
  when they will lose both their army and territory , they will lose the religious legitimacy that made western muslim radicals djihadis come there to join them in the first place . 
  it seems safe to assume that those will likely try and get back to their country of origin . 
  they will not be less dangerous though and they will be the biggest threat at that moment . 
  it is definitly in the best interest of everyone that as many of them as possible die in combat while the caliphate is still standing . 
  the isis soldiers we bomb and the people killed on our soil by isis militants tell a different story . 
  declaration of war is a largely obsolete notion today since nation rarely go to war with another nation in an overt way nowadays . 
  you can totally be at war without any declaration of war being done and that 's definitly the case here . 
  a total of ten declarations of war have been formally issued since 1946 and more than 50 armed conflicts are currently being fought right now in the world . 
  saying france is not currently at war with anyone is demonstrably false . 
  if the organization has a military force i do n't see why not . 
  they said they were at war with us , we said we were at war with them and we are currently fighting each other . 
  you can discuss the legality all day but we are de facto in a state of war with them and war against a non state actor is far from without precedence . 
  to avoid trying them maybe but mainly so they do n't come back through the backdoor posing as refugees or migrants and start planning attacks on our soil . 
  that will be the main threat once isis inevitably collapses as they plainly said that that is what will happen and it already happened so we do n't have any reason to doubt their word . 
  it 's not extrajudicial killings though . 
  i do n't understand the logic of people using this expression in this context honestly . 
  if a soldier kills an enemy soldier it 's a normal act of war . 
  i do n't remember people asking for fair trials for every single soldier fighting in ww2 . 
  they are not petty criminals slinging drugs or stealing cars . 
  they are soldiers willingly serving an organization that is at war with us and our way of life . 
  [ konigsbier too ] ( http://shop.pascalseebach.com/img/p/197-546-thickbox.jpg ) . 
  shit beers are pretty easy to spot , they always put something like `` bi\u00e8re de luxe '' ( luxury beer ) , premium beer or other stuff like that on the packaging . 
   apart from the taste ( that i do n't remember ) kronenbourg has no distinguishable taste . 
  it 's basically sparkling water . 
  but they are important . 
  they said repeatedly that they would come back and wage war to the west in the west through attacks if isis lost on the field and they already showed repeatedly that it was not an empty threat as they already struck us several times . 
  preventing enemies to infiltrate you and strike from inside seems like a pretty important thing . 
   the police runs a program to find and execute/arrest all asian gangster . 
  they fight normal crime , too , but they have an entire department dedicated to asians . 
  cause this is what these assassinations are . 
  would you say it is exactly the same as ` killing radio operators ? 
  they are not criminals , they are enemy combattants and they are not targeted for ethnic reasons . 
  so basically your analogy just does not work in this case . 
  it 's not wonky . 
  they are soldiers in a war . 
  that they are specifically targeted is irrelevant . 
  how many times an enemy combattant has been targeted specifically because they were somehow important ? 
  generations of snipers have been specifically trained to specifically target officers or radio operators . 
  this is exactly the same thing . 
  dying at war is one of the risk of going to war and if your enemy thinks you are important enough to target specifically then keep your head low because they are absolutly allowed to do that . 
  killing surrendered soldiers is wrong both morally and legally . 
  killing an enemy soldier who is still actively fighting is absolutly allowed by all the rules of war and international treaties . 
  there is nothing wonky about the whole situation . 
  we are war against isis . 
  they are not killing people at the airport just because they set foot in syria . 
  they give intel to iraqi troops on the position of djihadists on the battlefield and they are killed in combat . 
  their son died in combat in the hands of iraqi army . 
  they have no way of knowing the exact circumstances . 
   ah the r/europe that 's so worried about legal status of crimean referendum , praises france for extrajudicial killings of ~ ~ it 's own citizens ~ ~ enemy combattants . 
  never change , r/europe ... 
  if a russian citizen takes arms against russia for religious purposes he is an enemy combattant , whatever his passport says and as long as he is carrying weapons with the intent of killing allied forces , if he dies in combat he is just a war casualty . 
  the only way it is a extrajudicial killing is if he surrendered first , then it would be against the law . 
  before that it 's just targeting strategic enemy targets and that 's just normal war . 
  killing an enemy combattant that did not surrender is just an act of war . 
  it is not even illegal . 
   when you send someone to murder , you can also send someone to arrest . 
  are you serious ? 
  arresting someone is infinitly more dangerous and difficult than sniping someone from a few hundred yards . 
  in a warzone it is even impossible . 
  as long as they did n't surrender they are still fair game as enemy combattant though , are n't they ? 
  cost of life may not be the same though . 
  you ca n't just consider what you earn . 
  you also have to consider how much you pay for rent , food etc. . . 
  it 's not that it is boring . 
  it 's just that it is not going to evolve anytime soon since russia insists it 's legitimate and the rest of the world basically insists it is n't . 
  the only way it is going to evolve is if one party finally gives up claiming the other is not legitimate or if it gets to full scale conventional war and that 's not something anyone wants to see , especially ukraine . 
  yeah . 
  together we are the bear that should not be poked .
