  diu vi salve regina is big in corsica . 
  my family on my mother side is corsican and i do n't know many corsican who do n't know it by heart . 
  it is sung on some occasion and a lot of people are very attached to it . 
  by you maybe . 
  brittany 's is basically the same song as the wales one : [ bro gozh ma zado\u00f9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voc7apqnzda ) corsica still use the anthem from their short period of independance as a regional anthem and is commonly heard on corsican national day ( 8th of december ) : [ diu vi salve regina ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5edxguducfo ), 
  really ? 
  i do n't deny the advantages of vaccines but they are far from obvious , unless you have the ability to look into your bloodstream . 
  we know vaccines are good for us because we have been told so by scientists and we happen to trust those scientists . 
  trust or mistrust in democracy is gained or lost from the successes or scandals of our governments . 
  this is something we as citizens can look into and make an idea for ourselves . 
  it 's shit . 
  it 's just forcing people to choose their master . 
  `` do you prefer to be ruled by mr.crook , mr.nazi or mr.stalinist ? 
  if you do n't choose one you will be fined so they can embezzle that too . '', 
  a democracy that has to force its citizens to vote is a very sick democracy . 
  the advantages of voting should be obvious to the citizens , if they are not then something is extremely wrong and that 's not the fault of the citizens but of the political elites . 
  i do n't believe in the `` absentionists are just lazy people '' . 
  if you truly believe that voting will make your life better you move and go vote even if you are lazy . 
  he seems too socially liberal for fn . 
  i recognize that marine is much more progressive than her father or her niece but op still sounds more liberal than mlp . 
  yeah definitly . 
  this is only relevant as an example of what we do not want to do anymore . 
  we still do these things but differently . 
  the ww1 celebrations for example are still done but now the emphasis is more on honouring the dead of both sides and reminding us to not make these mistakes ever again . 
  generally a german representative comes and both sides make speeches reminding us of the progress we made etc. . . basically we focus more on reconciliation than on the fact we won . 
  count on me !, 
  did not plan to but you asking that makes it very very tempting . 
  [ dunkirk carnival ] ( http://www.northernfrance-tourism.com/art-culture/heritage/the-dunkirk-carnival-its-origin-history-and-traditions ) : lots of drinking , absurd cross-dressing and unpolitically correct costumes ( black faces ) . 
  i live in lyon . 
  temperatures are pretty decent . 
  i just need a sweater and a coat and i am good . 
  it 's a bit grey outside . 
  i mean i do n't want us to fail . 
  of course we should look after ourselves first but putin wants to divide his adversaries . 
  i hope not . 
  tried to read the thing and it is very unpleasant to read . 
  it 's basically a single-minded moron ranting on his favorite topic , it is poorly articulated and definitly not as interesting as i thought it would be . 
  basically it could be summed up in a sentence : `` everything is because of the jews . '', 
  pretty much as interesting as browsing / pol / . 
  the time when rubber cost an arm and a leg . 
  i would not really say that . 
  trump or no trump , the us are not `` disappearing '' opponents to the government for the moment . 
  are harlem or compton no go zones to you?if yes then yeah we have this kind of high criminality areas too . 
  i grew up right next to one and had swimming practice there two times a week which ended around eleven pm and i never died , they do occasionally burn cars or throw objects at the police yeah and they definitly sell illegal drugs too . 
  hard question . 
  trump made clear that he despised us and wanted eu to fail . 
  should we reciprocate ? 
  honestly i hope we are above that . 
  i just hope our relationship with the us can survive four years then hopefully we will be able to talk to an adult american president again . 
  sure , always puts me in the mood for a revolution too !, 
  zlatan is probably much more well known than abba currently . 
  in france anyway . 
  abba is mainly popular with the older generations but i doubt many young people know them today . 
  waltz too . 
  also hitler was german at his death so just dump him on the german . 
  they are already associated with him in everyone 's mind anyway so no harm done !, 
  probably jean dujardin or marion cotillard at the moment . 
  i have heard that aliz\u00e9e 's behind was pretty popular in some countries ( not without reasons ) . 
  people who originate from north africa seem to like a type of music called `` ra\u00ef '' which sounds [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5fnupmc5yw ) . 
  from what i have been told they are generally songs about love you are supposed to dance to . 
  to be honest i find it kind of unbearable , i guess you have to grow up with it to appreciate it . 
  what negative stereotypes did you face in france if i may ask ? 
  the usual stereotype for portoguese people in france is that they are hairy and work in construction . 
  you could imagine worse stereotypes . 
  it was though . 
  the initial community was about pooling the coal and steel of germany and france specifically because those were the two ressources you needed to wage war . 
  should be banned they are just an abusive business . 
  it should be part of every politician 's agenda whatever its political allegiance . 
  denying that we need to act in meaningful ways right now is just ignorant to me . 
  do you expect putin to just shit his pants and stop ? 
  help in which way ? 
  the main problem of the us is the two party system and the great electors . 
  two parties is just not enough to represent the variety of the people 's opinions . 
  france is not without its flaws either . 
  maybe . 
  i think people want a change from the flavourless candidates and both are smart , clean and pretty charismatic . 
  m\u00e9lenchon especially , he has a youtube channel that he uses a lot to adress the public directly and he has quite a lot of suscribers . 
  a lot of people are tired of what they perceive as unchecked capitalism and they will probably be tempted to vote for them . 
  the difference being that we have four credible candidates compared to your two and that our election is in two rounds which is a tremendous wall against far right . 
  the problem is that we do n't have any alliance with ukraine and that russia had a seat at the security council of the un meaning what we are doing ( sanctions + help in the shadow ) is likely to be the most we can do without sparking a major local conflict between russia and the west . 
  what should eu do ? 
  i would very much like to hear your suggestions . 
  for quality of life i would say italy . 
  for the friendship and sense of kinship i would say scotland . 
  we love you too / u/twogunsalute, 
  dry brown rum from our territories in the indies is amazing too . 
  the trick is that you need some speed to be stable . 
  paradoxically if you do n't go fast enough you are pretty likely to fall . 
  absolutly yes . 
  you just have to read / r/trumpgret for five minutes to convince you of this absolute necessity . 
  good call !, 
  even the comments are mostly well-written albeit in informal french . 
  it 's ideal to go one step further . 
  i gave her a ring , she confirmed to me that she does not love you at all . 
  sorry mate . 
  funny thing is they do n't even seem to realize that the reason it is overpriced is partly because of their generation 's ownership obsession and belief that stone is always a sound investment . 
  i kinda like the german mentality that in some cases renting is actually better . 
  seems really down to earth . 
  mainly the `` just go there and ask to meet the manager '' way to find a job . 
  it just does not work anymore in 90 % of the cases .
