  if you like sarkozy you would probably be close to fillon ideologically . 
  macron is right leaning economically but very progressive socially compared to sarkozy or fillon and is pretty immigration friendly . 
   i dunno who to root for any more that 's the case of a lot of french people too . 
  this election is very weird . 
  yeah . 
  it means they generally comment on events from a right wing point of view but that they do n't usually make up facts . 
  they probably just want to give a boost to le pen . 
  whoever they hit has no importance beyond that . 
  they have a marked right wing bias but they do n't make up news so i would say they are truthful . 
  either no show or macron yeah . 
  they do n't like macron but they would vote for him over le pen anyday . 
  m\u00e9lenchon fans are not anti eu and m\u00e9lenchon is not either . 
  he just wants eu to allow him to lead his non austerity programme , if negociations prove fruitful he would be glad to stay . 
  also m\u00e9lenchon and le pen absolutly abhor each other , not just as candidates but as persons . 
  they stand for absolutly opposite things . 
  basically a politic of non-alignment , neutrality in conflicts that do no concern our direct interests , leaving nato and more power to un . 
  and of course the fact that he does not exclude leaving eu if he find eu prevents him from doing what he plans . 
  all of that leaves me skeptical . 
  downvoting different opinions is against the reddiquette in theory yeah . 
  downvotes are supposed to be used for abusive content and upvotes for interesting , well-redacted content . . 
  a few points that may be of interest : melenchon 's voters do n't consider hollande to be true left . 
  they classify hollande as center left . 
  when all is said and done and despite his horrendous approval ratings , hollande did not really do anything bad . 
  his poor approval ratings are because he is bad at pr , looks goofy and did not do what his voters expected at all . 
  i am not a fan of hollande but i do believe that he will go down as a decent president . 
  there is a world between melenchon and hollande ideologically and they are not part of the same party at all . 
  therefore hollande 's poor approval ratings actually tanked hamon and not melenchon . 
  one could even say that hollande 's poor ratings benefitted melenchon . 
   for the french people here : what 's melenchon 's stance on relations with russia and what 's his stance on the refugee crisis ? 
  i ca n't really find a clear point of view of this . 
  he is for welcoming war refugees because he thinks it 's the humane thing to do . 
  concerning economic migrants he is more ambiguous and wants to discourage the departures in the countries of origin . 
  he is for a controlled immigration but probably not for a full stop le pen style . 
  concerning russia he wants to be non-aligned . 
  neither with russia , nor with the us . 
  he wants to leave nato and strengthen our own conventional defence so we remain free to make our own choices when it comes to go to war or not . 
  he made it clear that he thought putin was a dictator ( he has strong link with the russian left leaning opposition , among which some of them are in jail ) but that he was for a desescalation policy toward russia . 
  i would assume the social democrat jumped ship already when most of the ps social liberals officials defected to macron . 
  they are leading in the polls . 
  it does not mean it is certain . 
  if anything about this election was certain i would sleep much more soundly at night . 
  humiliated fillon is the best type of fillon, 
  i actually got my voter card remade for this election . 
  before this i only voted in local elecitons but there is no way in hell i do n't vote for this one . 
  i do n't want to wake up on monday with the whole house burnt down knowing i could have helped prevent that . 
  mate , know when to stop . 
  you said something stupid , man up , apologize and move on instead of trying to defend your earlier statement against all odds and logic . 
   the automated translation services are ** merde ** , they would butcher the text , pardon my french . 
  a lot of people loved the way he savagely bullied le pen during the debate so he got a bit of love from polls but his ideas are pretty irrealizable to be honest . 
  melenchon is really a dilemma for me . 
  i love what he says about social progress , ecology etc. . . ( basically his interior policy ) but i am pretty skeptical of his foreign policy . 
  hamon would have been nice but i will never vote for ps again , especially the way they behaved during this election , i think it was an absolute disgrace . 
  marine is smarter . 
  her father was a clown worshipped by skinheads . 
  marine learnt early on that she had to put a brave face on her ideas if she wanted to stand a chance . 
  i do n't know if your country has a two round system but in such a system you need a reserve of voters to win the second round . 
  it 's a bit more strategic than just what the polls tell you . 
  you could be absolut first in first round , if you ca n't unite the people who voted from other parties in first round behind you in second round you then it means only the people who voted for you in first round will vote for you in second round and unless you got like 50 % of the vote in first round ( which is pretty much impossible with 11 candidates ) then you are dead in the water . 
  le pen in second round already happened once , the other candidate got elected with 82 % of the votes in second round and both the right and the left united behind him to screw le pen . 
  and the candidate in question ( chirac ) was pretty impopular at the time . 
  fn can occasionally do a decent score in first round as the other votes are scattered between the right and left but in second round they have to beat both the right and the left united against them . 
  melenchon is not an extremist . 
  he advocates for peace , social progress , respect of nature and more rights for workers . 
  if that 's an extremist honestly paint me as an extremist . 
  i know a few conservative voters who will vote for him because they have no one else carrying their ideas . 
  they do n't like him , they think he is a piece of shit but it 's either him or someone that do n't represent their ideas . 
  le pen vs fillon is worse in my opinion . 
  we would have to choose between a rotten piece of shit and a retarded fascist . 
  nothing , he asked how his french was and i answered . 
  i do n't know much about john oliver so i could not judge . 
  abroad maybe but in france he is a joke with a very inflated sens of importance . 
  you would be the ones losing the most from that . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  because its is . 
  it is a race to the one who will mistreat their workers the most . 
  new markets for germany . 
  understandable but very distinctly foreign . 
  where do they grow vines in new york ? 
  central park ? 
   french guy : she is not donald le pen . 
  she is just marine le pen . 
  she will not be elected . 
  worth noting that the french guy in question is bernard henri levy , a `` millionaire / philisopher '' that is pretty much universally laughed at as a pompous and self absorbed idiot . 
   i would think that with all the scandals in french politics this would n't be such a big deal it is not a big deal at all in france , as long as they are happy together and do n't break any law it is absolutly secondary . 
  you are totally right . 
  we may be western culturally christian nations , we still have very deep differences in the way we behave and what we expect from people . 
  as a french person i do have little patience for someone who would beat around the bush when it comes to give me honest feedback and people who smile all the time for no apprent reason give me the creeps . 
  how do you know he was not the one initiating ? 
  you are just assuming here ( and so am i ) . 
  ultimately french people love gossip like anyone else but we do n't really care what our politicians do with their cocks as long as they do n't use them to break the law . 
  most of our presidents had mistresses , sarkozy divorced while in office and got with carla bruni etc. . . of course we talked about it but it did not impact their ratings much . 
  in some case it even made them poll higher ( i think hollande got a little boost in the polls after his affair with julie gayet got revealed ) . 
  well , he was in intelligence so he probably things yeah . 
  jean marie le pen was not an actual nazi . 
  he has strong antisemitic views though so ideologically he definitly has points of agreement . 
  i do feel sorry for uk because i think the voters have been manipulated hard and that 's something that can happen in every country in the world . 
   wait you understand around 750000 jobs in the german car market depend on the uk . 
  so if we get a bad deal that 's going to hurt you guys just as much . 
  germany can turn to other eu markets , you ca n't . 
  there is no doubt that it will hurt eu and germany up to a point , but it will hurt us much less than you because you do n't have the option to turn to other eu partners so you will have to find other partners and you will be negociating with them from a position of weakness which is always uncomfortable .
