  basically the idea is that a guy who wants to kill people will not know where the threat is and therefore will think twice about it . 
  these people want to see us scared and they want to see their soldiers on all the frontpages so they can be hailed as heroes , we should show them determination instead and show them our own heroes . 
  not saying we should hide the truth or sugarcoat it of course . 
  i agree it wo n't solve anything but in a conflict which is about fear tactics and intimidation i would not underestimate silver linings . 
   you were n't facing certain death every days in east-germany it 's debatable . 
  the stasi was a pretty real thing and a lot of people `` disappeared '' . 
  the sport we are world champions of . 
  yeah he is simply protecting russian speaking minorities, 
  have you seen my ads on tv ? 
  i am not shaming you , nothing wrong with the ole putin ticklin, 
  so if i say publicly that i can stop arab terrorists you will vote for me too ? 
  freedom from religion should always trump freedom of religion to me . 
  the main difference between us is that the us has been founded by people wanting to practice their religion in peace while modern france has been founded by people who were fucking sick of being oppressed by religions . 
  i am not sure we can agree on this topic honestly . 
  yeah , we should talk more about them and less about the dickturds slaughtering innocents . 
  is this putin trying to tickle a woman 's feet ? 
  that 's a weird ad . 
  because they are somali ? 
  they are dirt cheap . 
  yep . 
  also sarkozy only did one term before being kicked out of office like hollande probably will too . 
   he set the house on fire , fastly sold it cheap to the opposition when damage could n't prevented anymore . 
   and now he 's back , asking why the house burned down , and that he can rebuilt it !, 
  that 's a great sum up of the situation, 
  yep, 
  sarko was criticized for moving and talking but not doing anything . 
  sarko is about big declarations for communication purposes and then nothing else . 
  no more than two consecutive terms . 
  yep and they should participate too ( and they do occasionally ) . 
  my comment was just pointing out that the rambling of the guy over me was a bit ... well i will go ahead and say stupid for lack of a better word . 
  it is . 
  we are part of both nato and eu and both include defensive military alliances . 
  on paper attacking any eu or nato country is equal to attacking france . 
  that 's the whole point of military alliances . 
  i am not saying they should not play their part . 
  just that what pierre_cohen suggests would have absolutly zero effect on the countries he mentions . 
  sure except it 's not luxembourg , netherlands and ireland these missions will defend but eastern europe . 
  luxembourg , netherlands and ireland are not threatened by putin . 
  like , at all . 
  we have the world we are given and nothing else . 
  muslims can complain all they want about us being hateful bastards , we still are among the most welcoming and tolerant people on this world . 
  let 's see them try their bs pretty much everywhere else and see how to plays out for them . 
  til divers are trying to make a point about religion in a secular country . 
  as opposed to middle east where they are just slaughtered by the other muslim faction . 
  fascists can be capitalists or islamists too . 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
  so they screw over workers and fatten the big companies ' wallets in the name of marxism ? 
  i have trouble understanding how you fight capitalism by giving it precisely what it wants . 
  also how are they going to make marxism happen if they lose all the base workers in the process ? 
  it seems like this plan is not very well thought out to say the least . 
  because i think fn will probably be more than they bargained for . 
  i do n't think the fn are the nazis some people want to make them ( the current leaders anyway , the base is more mixed ) but economically they are going to get shafted i can guarantee that . 
   you mean , move to a place where tax is lower ? 
  is leasing a cheaper house , ` shifting ' the rent burden elsewhere ? 
  yes it is , but other popular phrases for such decisions include ` reducing my expenses ' , ` getting a better deal ' and ` not being a chump ' . 
  it 's not as you say . 
  with you comparison if would be inhabit an expensive appartment in an expensive part of town and benefitting all the advantages that go with that and pay the rent of another appartment in a shitty part of town . 
  i do n't know elsewhere but historically communists in france were very much against mass immigration for the reasons you state . 
  only recently did they completly betray their electorate to embrace immigration and defend radical islam . 
  i know a few old time die hard communists who spent their lives working in factories and they are all slowly moving toward fn and that 's really sad . 
  i just have no argument to give them to convince them otherwise . 
  jacques chirac , a former french president, 
  this particular sentence is seriously ridiculous . 
  they are right . 
  it 's as if people started to call them jewish death camps because there was a lot of jews in them . 
  it 's incredibly insensitive . 
  these people are not in muslim land . 
  what is or is not proper to wear is defined by the majority culture . 
  every culture does it everywhere , only in western europe case is it considered racism or bigotry . 
  most people are okey with veil in western europe and most people are not okey with full veil and burkini . 
  that 's as simple as that . 
  either adapt accordingly or move to a place where most people are okey with full veil and burkinis . 
  tons of people who do not agree with french nanny state or french fiscal system move to countries where there is a system agreeing more with their values and it is easy because french passport is one of the strongest on earth . 
  i do n't see why people who want to live like they are living in saudi arabia ca n't do the same . 
  whether they are men or women is irrelevant . 
  they are extremists with an agenda . 
  even if we consider that these women have any say in the matter ( which i doubt is often the case ) the values they defend have no place here and they would be better in countries governed by islamic faith . 
  defending the right to full veil is like defending the right of people to sell themselves into slavery . 
  sure some people will willingly do it , but in the majority of cases it will be people who have no choice or are pressured into it and it is better if it is just forbidden . 
  too bad for the minority who wanted to sell themselves but the needs of the majority prevail . 
  yeah sure i am a mysogynist and the iranian regime is a defender of women 's right . 
  it 's hilarious how islamists guilted the western feminism into defending the full veil tooth and nails . 
  we are already more tolerant than any people in the world we do n't have to tolerate people who shit on us and provoke us all the time in our own countries . 
  some muslims want to live like in muslim land and i respect that but then they should put their money where their mouths are and move to actual muslim land instead of staying and trying to change our countries . 
  some do and i actually respect that a lot . 
  they are making a point by dressing this way and when you make a point people will disagree , especially when this point is just saying `` fuck you '' . 
  i recently read a moroccan article on the topic that i found pretty interesting . 
  i basically dealt with the fact that muslims who were trying to import burkinis and full veils were ignoring the rules of islam for when you live as a muslim on non muslim land ( practice your religion in a humble way , do n't try to fuck with the locals and respect their rules basically ) to behave as if they were in conquered lands . 
  the article also reminded that nowhere in the quran was the full veil required and that claiming it is is just a provocation from them . 
  they know where they are and they know that despite their high tolerance european people are fed up with this kind of bullshit . 
  we just need to try and understand what the endgoal is when the people who keep acting like that keep acting like that . 
  and just to make sure i am understood i am not talking about all muslims . 
  corsicans look out for their own , even if they do n't know each other . 
  that 's the only difference and it is easy to fix . 
  anywhere else in western europe people would have turned a blind and pretended nothing happened . 
  this is the attitude european people need to change . 
  i was kidding of course . 
  to my knowledge charlemagne survivors were summary executed by free french forces . 
  i doubt many survived once in the hands of general leclerc, 
  it ` snot the same .
