  most . 
  their retarded francization of everything is laughed at by pretty much everyone . 
  french people laugh at them too . 
  you can easily find vodka and whiskey for less than 20 $ . 
  it really looks like our [ `` friands saucisse '' ] ( http://a136.idata.over-blog.com/450x600/1/75/09/81/tartes--quiches--pizzas/friands-a-la-saucisse--16-.jpg ) except in the french one we have sausage meat . 
  thing about the medias is they will always talk about things in a way that will interest their viewers . 
  if you look at our medias you would have the impression that shootouts are pretty much a daily occurence in most us cities and that us police just shoot whoever they want whenever they want . 
  when you go the us you obviously realize that most americans have never seen a firearm in their lives but that 's medias for you , in the end they are here to make money and that depends entirely on whether people watch them or not so they have to constantly one up each other , preferably while making you feel good about your own country . 
  cucumber ? 
  really ? 
  everyone did it at some point . 
  yeah and he is in favor of `` uberization '' and `` flexibility '' which are both codewords for `` fuck labour laws , companies should be able to do virtually anything with their employees '' . 
  at least we agree on the fact that the number of vegetarian people in france is pretty low !, 
  we have three big right wing parties currently . 
  les r\u00e9publicains is the mainstream right wing party . 
  most of the elections are won by either them or parti socialiste the main left wing party . 
  they are in a bit of trouble currently as they chose a candidate to run on a `` clean hands '' campaign but then it appeared the guy may not be that clean . 
  it kind of decridibilized him and that close to elections it may be hard to recover . 
  lr 's line is generally pro-business , tough on crime , pro-eu and moderatly conservative . 
  front national is the far-right party . 
  they want to stop immigration and get out of eu . 
  they are very conservative . 
  they were against gay marriage ( but claim they do n't think suppressing it after years will be doable so they wo n't ) and anti-abortion . 
  they are pro-business but in a protectionist way . 
  is a party created by macron , a banker who basically has all private medias and private interests pushing for him . 
  he pretends that he is left wing but anyone with a speck of critical sense has very big doubts about that , he has not issued a programme yet but it will most likely be insanely pro-business since he basically is a strawman created from scratch by big businesses to carry their interests . 
  he is for example the only candidate that is in favor of ceta . 
  thankfully not too big . 
  i guess they are doing a good job then !, 
  they have the reputation of being overequipped , gung ho and having pretty lax roes but i have never met a us soldier so it may just be a stereotype . 
  what was wenger thinking sending walcott on that early ? 
  i generally say `` baguette ? 
  some variation , sometimes a word or expression is going to not be understood but overall we understand each other fine . 
  yeah i was not complaining . 
  just confirming that french police does have a leniency rule . 
  they generally have some leniency rule actually . 
  i was once controlled at 56 and only got fined for 51 . 
  it did not change shit but if i had been driving 55 there would have not been any fine . 
  yeah we do n't have many indians and pakistanis here . 
  mainly moroccans and algerians . 
  i remember one time in london it was late and we were after some hard liquor and the guy did not want to sell to us because he thought we were cops for some reasons . 
  dunno how common it is in uk for cops to speak french among themselves and then speak english with a strong french accent but according to this shop owner it must be pretty common . 
  yeah . 
  we often call them `` l'arabe du coin '' or `` the arab in the corner '' . 
  i do n't there are many miners left but like a lot of manual workers they would probably be shared between fn and far-left . 
  problem is the top sentence is in flemish and the bottom one is in french . 
  makes them hard to get for foreigners . 
  i feel like you exagerate quite a bit . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with unlimited immigration and i think radical islam is a big issue and i defended these point of view times and again there and never got banned or anything . 
  they generally ban you when you are being shitty and uncivil . 
  the ones i see complaining about being banned are generally people who repeatedly called others names for being leftists . 
  same for / r/francophonie . 
  it 's even more problematic in that it is not even limited to european area . 
  i do n't have to go shoot young germans while they are shooting at me and i probably wo n't ever have to experience that . 
  i would say it 's a pretty safe period for europe . 
  i live in lyon . 
  you ca n't walk five minutes without crossing a restaurant owned by a starred chef . 
  lyon is called the gastronomic capital of france and i honestly think it is not undeserved . 
  do you have anything specific you are looking for ? 
  we even have a peruvian restaurant who got a michelin star two days ago . 
  damn , a new low to aim for for french tv . 
  russia is that annoying guy who hovers his hand just one cm to your face and then says `` what ? 
  i am not even touching you ! '', 
  you might very well think that . 
  i could n't possibly comment . 
  awesome guys who manage to stand their ground when pretty much everyone around them wants to oppress them one way or another . 
  pkk attacks on civilians are not so cool though but any group of people have fanatics i guess . 
  it 's of utmost importance . 
  religion should be a private thing , i would even go as far as intimate . 
  i do n't want any particular right for religions and they have to obey every law to the letter , even ( and i would say especially ) if said laws clash with their beliefs . 
  as for promoting secular liberalism anywhere i would say no . 
  the west is often criticized for intervening everywhere . 
  i would be in favour of letting them do whatever the hell they want and no longer intervene in any way even if it means they get back to middle ages . 
  and if it turns out for the better for them then it 's cool . 
  i agree with you in spirit but it seems pretty hard to manage in practice . 
  probably the same who sent me some love pms : http://i.imgur.com/e3x6vva.png, 
  an old , battered but fully functonal renault twingo because it was given to me for free . 
  i do n't really need a car much so i keep it around for when i do but i could definitly do without it . 
  we definitly use the term baby boomers for people who are born from people fucking after the war was over . 
  that 's basically all . 
  why do you come here to complain about sas ? 
  most of us are not suscribed to sas , you are talking to different people . 
  the topic of calling yourself irish or german or whatever is not really interesting to us honestly , i just hope people would stop coming here to beat this particular dead horse . 
  it 's okey to just say you prefer handshakes . 
  my gf did that at work from the start and no one has any problem with that . 
  it 's nice also when you make oven potatoes . 
  the skin gets all crispy and delicious . 
  it 's not . 
  i am not a fan of le pen , quite the opposite in fact , but calling her a fascist is more than a stretch . 
  she is a very conservative / tough on crime / anti-immigration politician . 
  basically the first round is open to all the candidates . 
  the two best scores of the first round go to second round . 
  the winner of the second round is president . 
  this is a great system to bar the presidency to extreme parties because you do n't have any `` surprises '' like it happened with trump or the brexit . 
  if an extremist party gets to second round everyone can rally to bar them at the second round . 
  imagine if trump and hillary made it to second round with trump doing a better score than hillary at first round . 
  everyone and their mothers would have rallied behind hillary and trump would not have stand a chance . 
  what is an advantage is also the main problem of this : you could very well say that trump did deserve to win and that the two round system is kind of using democracy in an antidemocratic way , barring a party from winning forever basically . 
  concerning the candidates , there are dozens of posts on this sub about them as this question has been asked and answered before so i will not go through the trouble of making yet another one if you 'll allow me . 
  i am not sure how well known he is in france but he certainly was a badass .
