  also having to manage your vassals so they stay in line and do n't ask for you to give up some of the powers you have over them . 
  `` the revenge of dr junkenstein ! '', 
  i love mass effect . 
  it 's such a great series i discovered it in a bundle by chance and i absolutly loved it . 
  i currently play quite a bit of world of warcraft since the new expansion is great . 
  i like the occasional game of heroes of the storm and overwatch too . 
  i also play pillars of eternity , i love the style of it it reminds me of the baldur 's gate / neverwinter nights series . 
  my girlfriend is currently spending quite a bit of time on the witcher iii . 
  i think i will buy civ vi eventually but i am currently busy with wow so i will wait for the price to drop . 
  this is just agenda pushing , mate . 
  that 's not what these protests are at all . 
  that 's not what they ask though . 
  what they ask is renewal of obsolete or worn down equipment and better protection against some threats ( eg : fire retardant uniforms ) . 
  they also ask for exemplary penalties against people attacking police and the right to fight back in some situations where they currently do n't have it . 
  they also want the politicians to limit the use of police officers to watch over buildings since it is not part of their job and to replace those with more patrols in the streets . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  napoleon of course . 
  he was the first trying to unite europe after all !, 
  the problem being that those are illegal migrants who do n't want refugee status . 
  these guys just want to go to england because they heard it 's pretty much heaven on earth and wo n't ever let themselves be persuaded otherwise . 
  the problem is if they do n't want to live in france and do n't want to be sent back ( and ca n't be deported forcibly because of international legislation ) we pretty much hit a roadblock . 
  also you forgot the fact that one of the person competing for being president did not know the price of a `` pain au chocolat '' . 
  this is the big issue apparently if our medias are anything to go by and of course i could not imagine for one sec that our medias would try to mislead us in any way so it has to be truly the number one issue of france at the moment . 
  never used one sorry . 
  if it helps some people why not . 
  on / r/food they keep making confit byaldi and calling it ratatouille because the ratatouille movie showed the hero making a confit byaldi and presenting it as ratatouille . 
  anyone pointing out that it looks delicious but is not actually ratatouille generally gets mass downvoted . 
  / r/food is quite the toxic cesspool though . 
  of course they did . 
   some of the people who take it more seriously will yell `` child murderer '' if you jaywalk in front of a child . 
  i see that as teaching them critical thinking and to trust their judgement !, 
  the very ignorant brits do yeah . 
  most do n't though since they actually suffered the consequences of war on their soil contrary to other countries buying into these jokes . 
  question of taste i guess but it tastes delicious to a lot of people including me . 
  most of them had no idea who american people were . 
  i remember reading something written by a us soldier saying he realized at some point that they thought they were the ussr that came back to fight them again . 
  of course a part of them were hardcore talibans fighting and dying for allah but most of them were just defending against what they thought were invaders . 
  they were not heroes , no . 
  they were not `` axis of evil '' either . 
  nothing is ever black and white . 
  probably [ andouillettes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andouillette ) . 
  it smells like ass for a good reason since it is essentially made of guts and made into a sausage . 
  it tastes awesome though . 
  i am not from brittany but i love them too . 
  those things are one of the pillars of french comfort food to me . 
  in north of france some people put vinegar but mostly it 's mayo or ketchup in france . 
  in france r\u00e9moulade refers to a way to prepare [ this type of celery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celeriac ) by adding mayo to them . 
  these pieces of news are not directed at ee but at citizens from western european countries . 
  basically it is `` eastern europe does not want open borders because they are islamophobic , if you do n't want open border you are islamophobic like eastern europe '' . 
  they show someone with the `` bad '' opinion and tell us they are not good people so it is implied that if you have the same opinion you are bad too without saying it overtly . 
  fidanzato is fianc\u00e9 , is n't it ? 
  i do as long as there is no fish or seafood in it . 
  direct democracy is a dangerous tool when your population is not well educated in critical thinking . 
  thing is educating the populations to make them good citizens is the job of the government . 
  i am not saying they are keeping us stupid on purpose but it certainly would be a good way to keep power if i was in the shoes of our elites . 
  most problems do not come from first generation migrants though . 
  bataclan and other shit that happened in france all were done by second or third generation migrants . 
  the first generation remember why they left their country . 
  the second and third have a idealized vision of the culture and country of their parents / grandparents and do n't feel like they belong in their home country and that 's when problems tend to happen . 
  for the right jupp\u00e9 is probably going to be the candidate . 
  he has good chances of winning if he is made candidate since the ps is so impopular at the moment and a lot of people are put off by fn . 
  he is pretty consensual and for the `` socialists '' ( they have socialists in the name but they are anything but , they are the party of hollande currently in power ) we do n't know yet . 
  there is no clear candidate at the moment . 
  hollande is so impopular they probably wo n't make the mistake of making him their candidate so we just do n't know . 
  they will probably make a shit score though . 
  the fn will probably make a decent score . 
  there is a far left candidate called m\u00e9lenchon that has been gaining traction lately . 
  he is known for his colourful personality ( he says what he thinks loudly and does not give a fuck about using profanities ) and the latest polls show him doing better than ps . 
  he has a proposition to rewrite the constitution immediatly after his election and submit the new constitution to a referendum . 
  he wants to add measures such as the possibility to recall an elected official or to prevent elected officials to hold more than one office at a time . 
  i doubt he will win but he may make a decent score if this trend continues . 
  my bet would be if jupp\u00e9 is the candidate of the right jupp\u00e9 will be the next french president but we definitly could have surprises . 
  i totally agree . 
  and the 2017 election in france promise to be a perfect shitstorm too . 
  trump is an idiot and probably a big asshole . 
  hillary got `` high functioning sociopath '' written all over her , she is also most probably deeply corrupt . 
  i am glad i am not an american voter to be honest . 
  do we have to call it pizza though ? 
  i am sure it is delicious but i do n't even see how it looks like a pizza to be honest . 
  that 's what i call an unpopular opinion, 
  what comic are you referring to ? 
  i hung out with a lot of belgians and the social culture is very similar to the french one in general . 
  maybe the french guys you hang out with are different i do n't know . 
  could you be more specific as what put them apart from your belgian friends ? 
  paris is often complicated to make friends . 
  i have a lot of trouble getting what you define as `` community '' . 
  the term seems really vague to me but in your comments it seems like a very tangible and concrete thing . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  we do develop some temporary sense of community as a class , just not as a school . 
  we do n't care at all what school we are in and do not indentify at all with it . 
  we develop friendships but apart from friends we generally forget our classmates very fast . 
  the way i see things you can lock me up with 30 other people and i may befriend a couple of them but most of them will just remain `` those people i got locked up with '' . 
  not total stranger but not people i have any interest in . 
  no we hate our schools and the sooner we can get out the better . 
  thank god i did not have to pretend like my school was awesome or something . 
  like most category of people on earth , some are great , most are decent and some are horrid . 
  as long as people take the time to learn a bit about the country and the culture they visit and make their best to not be a nuisance they are okey in my book . 
  the great thing would be to bring australia here and send uk there . 
  some people say it 's not doable , i say they are defeatists and incapable . 
  yes,
