  it is generally seen as a dumb pastime but a lot of pastimes are dumb and if that makes some people happy , i am okey with it . 
  `` la calotte de tes morts , djo , tu vas cracher du sang ! '', 
  it 's a good one but bachi-bouzouk remains my favorite cpt haddock insult . 
  we talk about other meals we had while having a meal . 
  50m \u00b2 with my so . 
  it 's totally livable but we will move out for something a bit bigger eventually . 
  do n't forget his rtts . 
  `` it 's a me , mario ! '', 
  wearing american football and baseball caps with the logo of various us american football and baseball teams . 
  those sports are absolutly not popular over here . 
  `` never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity '', 
  really depends the unit you talk about . 
  regular cops are generally okey people and can even be quite cool depending on the circumstances . 
  brigade anti-criminalit\u00e9 ( bac : well equipped plain clothes officers whose specialty is to get to calls first to try and catch the criminal in the act ) and riot units are generally pretty agressive ( admittedly the job in both of these units tend to be much more dangerous ) and can be straight up jerks , sometimes for little to no reason . 
  if they even think there is the slightest chance you did something remotely wrong they will definitly use any means they think they can get away with . 
  for example , a friend of mine got his id checked and got frisked extensively by bac officers just because he was slightly drunk smoking in the street on a saturday night , the excuse was that he matched someone who had been reported selling weed in the area . 
  they then let him go without saying anything . 
  he was smoking when they stopped him and he later realized that his cigarette pack was missing . 
  he is still pretty sure to this day that they were simply bored and stopped / frisked him just to steal his smokes and that the weed thing was 100 % bs . 
  this kind of provocation tends to get even worse if you look like the hoodlum type as they know those guys have no money and no legal know how so if they even look like they are responding to their provocations they will just hit them with a r\u00e9bellion ( pretty transparent ) , refus d'obtemp\u00e9rer ( failure to comply ) or outrage \u00e0 agent ( insulting behavior ) and in a word against word situation without any other proof or testimony justice will often stick with the officer 's word . 
  as a result bac officers are loathed , feared and hated in equal measure by the youth from poor neighborhoods . 
  all in all and despite these anecdotes i would say our police is not the worst . 
  it definitly has some bad apples who tend to go unpunished because they know what they can get away with and therefore do their best not to go too far . 
  shootings are extremely rare even though the huge majority of our officers are armed . 
  regular police are the ones you will see and deal with 90 % of the time and as i said in my experience they tend to be decent , professional guys trying to do their job . 
  yeah totally . 
  he is a legit shepherd and is from a family of farmers from a mountainy part of france so working in the field is not at all unknown to him . 
  depends what you like but the best meals i did in italy were probably in parma . 
  those guys are just obsessed with food and getting the best products possible . 
  most places a good though , just avoid the very touristy areas as a generaly rule of thumb and never pay more than 10 $ ( 10 $ should be absolut max , average price would be around 8 $ ) for a full pizza . 
  more than that and it is very likely to be a shitty tourist trap . 
  i appreciate the sentiment but i am french and i fucking love italian gastronomy . 
  both our cuisines have different focuses but both are equally fucking amazing . 
  you are not stupid . 
  you are our special little angel . 
  do n't let the other kids tell you otherwise . 
  especially brian . 
  while i believe he is a genuinely good politician , lassalle often gets gently mocked for being kind of an oddity . 
  the guy is a beret-wearing shephed with a love for casual drinking and an accent half of france does not understand and he seems incapable of making a speech without getting sidetracked numerous times until he does n't even know what his speech is about anymore . 
  the funniest thing is that he seems to be very aware of the fact that he is weird as fuck and totally rolls with it : `` no one really takes me seriously , fortunately . '', 
  `` i would like to ask the psychiatrists watching this broadcast to examine me carefully . '', 
  `` i would have liked to be a comedian but you need talent to do that . '', 
  `` i would like to be perfect but i just ca n't do it . '', 
  * after getting beaten at presidential elections * `` well , looks like we took a pounding ... let 's go and have a few drinks ? '', 
  `` the first tests i passed , when i was eight , revealed that my iq was very slightly over zero . '', 
  [ also this gif of him working his land ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/14nq1vy7pudx04/giphy.gif ), 
  '' * sings wrong anthem when asked to sing the anthem of his country despite being a major politician of said country * journalist : are you sure it is the good anthem ? 
  leterme : oh , i do n't know * leaves * '' the guy just do n't give a flying fuck . 
   and the ex-ukip dude , did what he said he 'd do . 
  you mean nigel farage ? 
  the guy who created a shitshow by lying openly and then vanished whenever shit hit the fan ? 
  i would trust sarkozy with my life savings before i would call this guy a decent politician . 
  posted workers directive is an actual thing and it is an actual problem . 
  talking about that is not shitting on ee ( even though they are the main ones benefitting from it ) but on eu for allowing such a retarded measure to be adopted . 
  that ee uses said retarded measure as long as it exists is not illogical or unexpected and i do n't see why they should get flack for it . 
  apart from that particular measure i do n't really recall anyone talking shit or mocking ee in our political landscape . 
  if it exists it is definitly something marginal at best . 
  can confirm , am typing that while being burnt alive . 
  please help . 
  as long as you still have the beer i 'll be happy . 
  good thing you are not an asylum seeker housing !, 
  more seriously those are different issues , people throwing stones or molotov cocktails at asylum seeker housings are stupid but in their minds they are protesting about illegal immigration and they think that destroying the housings will help curb that . 
  this is a political action even if a stupid one . 
  random tourists backpacking throughout europe has pretty much nothing to do with that , even if they are brown . 
  czech republic , sounds like a cool country and i heard their gun laws are pretty relaxed . 
  poland and baltic countries sound like a good option too and i feel like i have to include romania because they are bros. 
  the number of mena people the random western european crosses in the streets on a daily basis is staggering and honestly we do n't care as long as they are not behaving like dicks . 
  you will always find newspaper articles saying someone got attacked here or there . 
  just take all of these , look at the dates and point them on the map everytime . 
  you will see that they happen over a long period of time and over a large area . 
  basically the medias got to your friend 's head . 
  you wo n't have problem , especially if you dress western . 
  i do n't think americans work too much . 
  i think americans spend too much time at work . 
  a huge trick that will help you tremendously is to keep your vassals in line with an iron grip and repress very hard any little start of a revendication , no matter how small or trivial it is , before it spreads and others vassals start joining the one making demands . 
  the best way to deal with that is whenever someone creates a `` faction '' ( basically a group of vassals who unite to ask you to do something like lowering their taxes to you for example ) he generally starts his faction alone and it takes some time for other vassals to join in . 
  when that happens push him to openly rebel by asking him to give you some of his land for example ( which is your right as a liege but is still seen as an outrageous demand ) as he is still alone you should be able to crush his rebellion immediatly with the help of your other vassals , if he accepts to give you this land he will still be pissed off but he will be greatly weakened and that should be enough to defuse , if necessary just demand another piece of land , the one thing you should not do though is to cancel on of his titles as it will piss off all of your vassals at once . 
  then once you crushed his little rebellion put him in prison and make sure he dies there , never free him , no matter the ransom he offers to pay you . 
  do n't put him in prison if he does no rebel though as your other vassals will see that as unfair and will be pissed off with you . 
  it should give the other vassals something to think about . 
  it may seem harsh but you have to be if you want to last and not be your vassals bitch . 
  it 's worth noting that despite the poor management of battles in ck the game is still tons of fun and i still highly recommand it . 
  just do n't see it as a military simulator . 
  it 's more a dynasty simulator and your biggest landgrabs will generally happen through smart marriage and babies . 
  p\u00e9tain of course . 
  after ww1 he was probably among the most legendary hero of france ( which was partly deserved but not entirely ) . 
  so much so that at the start of vichy governement no one could believe it and everyone thought he was actually in league with de gaulle . 
  people thought de gaulle would resist from abroad while p\u00e9tain would hold the fort at home and pretend to collaborate to fool the germans into making occupation easier on france and prepare the allied taking back of france in secret . 
  then people realized p\u00e9tain was for real and went `` wtf mate '' . 
  yeah . 
  it was long thought to have been said by a guard commander to the british officer who had them surrounded and dramatically outnumbered after the british officer asked for their surrender . 
  this prompted the british to push on their attack and kill most of the remaining guards . 
  the commander was among the few survivors and got found by the british grievously wounded among the bodies of his men . 
  the british treated his wounds and he later said humourously about this sentence `` i could not have possibly said this since i did n't die and i did , in fact , surrender '' . 
  the sentence still stuck around and is now part of the legend of the guard . 
  while it was completly made up it still reflected well the die hard attitude of the guard so it was not entirely undeserved . 
  it means `` the guard dies but does not surrender '' . 
  poorly . 
  it 's basically a number game . 
  if you are more you win , if you are less you lose .
