  hollande is awful too but at least we hate the guy . 
  switzerland : chocolate ? 
  honestly i do n't spend a lot of time thinking about switzerland . 
  i guess they would be the quiet neighbor you say hi to in the staircase but never really discuss with . 
  italians : food is great , love the language , great countryside and cultural places . 
  they are a lot like us but in a slightly different way . 
  they are like cousins that you are always happy to see . 
  brits : they are kind of the wild card country , you never know what to expect with them and it 's pretty cool in a way but they are a bit tiring sometimes . 
  their queen rocks . 
  shepherd 's pie and shropshire cheese rock too . 
  ireland : very cool guys . 
  the whole country only talked about how cool irish fans were during the whole euro . 
  `` a great bunch of lads '' . 
  spain : i do n't feel any real attraction to this country ( no hatred , just no real attraction ) but let 's be honest i do n't know a lot about it . 
  some of the people i know tell me this is a great place to party . 
  as it is a topic about positive things i absolutly love chorizo so please keep making chorizo . 
  belgium : they do things their own way , it looks messy as fuck but somehow it works against all odds . 
  i think only them could succed in making two different populations who dislike each other live together and stay united under a common flag while keeping the hate between themselves alive . 
  never understood how in hell it could work but it definitly does , it 's like their super power . 
  their beer is great . 
  luxembourg : i do n't really have anything positive i could say about them . 
  yeah i guess you have to get used to it . 
  not something i want to get used to though . 
  mother language : french fluent : english and italian i also got basics of russian from univ but i am very very far from conversational . 
  i can read the alphabet and know the basics of conjugation but that 's about it . 
  in school you choose english , german or dutch very early ( around 10 y o ) . 
  english is available in every school , german and dutch is school dependant . 
  90 % of people take english . 
  then around 13-14 you must take a second language . 
  the most common are spanish and german . 
  some schools offer italian too . 
  depending on where you are you can also have more exotic languages or french regional languages ( breton , corse , basque etc. . . ) then in high school you can take `` classes europ\u00e9ennes '' which are options you can choose to take which give you a more intensive language teaching . 
  if you go the standard route ( most people do that ) you still have your two languages taught . 
  i agree . 
  went there , saw the tower of pisa and that 's all there was honestly . 
  tuscany has many awesome places and a gorgeous countryside that is much more interesting . 
  paris is definitly overrated but not because it 's bad , it 's just that tourists tend to get impossible expectations about it . 
  i would say it 's a great city to visit but it would be a good idea to leave the `` city of love '' fantasies at home before you go there . 
  it 's just a big city like any other with the addition of nice monuments , great museums with art we stole to the italians and little caf\u00e9s . 
  if i was a tourist , i would do a few days in paris ( depending on how much i want to see ) and then go to other parts of france as well . 
  damn , that sounds cool i wish we had a day of school dedicated to eat pretzels and sauerkraut . 
  no we do n't have that as such , ww1 commemorations serve as our yearly celebration of french-german friendship generally . 
  the teacher would generally remind us of why and how we are now friends with germany and ww1 would generally be presented as a great example of what not to do . 
  england then germany , we are pretty consistent in getting best pals with sworn enemies of old . 
  [ and old people holding hands ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/4365508/images/a-centenaire-verdun-640x468.jpg ), 
   and sigmar gabriel , her main contender for the next election , looks incapable of running his own party , not to speak of a major european country . 
  [ i do n't know , he looks like someone worthy of my vote . 
  ] ( http://www.blacklibrary.com/images/product/defaultbl/xlarge/sigmar-cover.jpg ), 
  and that nhs money that was spent on eu !, 
  went there in 2009 ( strong euro , weak dollar ) . 
  when you ask about the us in europe people will generally mention cities , most of the time new york , hollywood etc. . but after actually going there what really stuck with me most was the nature , millions of square kilometers of raw , undisturbed and most of the time gorgeous nature . 
  we visited the southwest as a roadtrip with a few mates and we aimed mainly for national parks and went hiking in each of them . 
  it was awesome . 
  the food is good but generally pretty rich . 
  the people were very friendly , even in holes in the middle of nowhere we went to . 
  you enter a saloon in a very small town and order a beer and you know the guy next to you will probably start chatting you up , asking about yourself and so on . 
  i thought it was pretty cool . 
   i like it that some of the mother languages are `` old church slavonic '' and `` latin '' . 
  they are not going to exclude all latin america from the test , are they ? 
  i phased on cromulent for a second . 
  [ probably because of rick and morty ] ( http://rickandmorty.wikia.com/wiki/cromulons ), 
  you know two thirds of the words of a foreign language and you deduce from that that french suck at english ? 
  89 % for me !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7go40fdvh-k ), 
  89 % , thanks reddit !, 
  it 's honestly partly true , a lot of french do not know about them but some of us still do . 
  i am not a fn voter but marion marechal le pen ( fn ) declared that she felt in phase with a lot of trump 's ideas , that he was less harmful than clinton and that he was `` answering to people 's hopes '' . 
  both marine le pen and jean marie le pen said they would vote for trump if they were us citizens . 
  florian philippot ( number 2 of the fn ) said he thought hillary was much more a warhawk than trump and that she wanted to bomb everything that moved . 
  he then added : '' `` americans first '' , i do n't think any american citizen would disagree with that , included on the democrat side . 
  in most countries of the world there is nothing shocking in saying `` priority to our nationals '' . 
  only in france some beautiful souls consider that french people almost are intruders in france . '', 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/695971/marion-le-pen-front-national-endorses-trump i would say trump and the fn definitly have converging ideas and fn make no mystery of its support of trump . 
  this kind of comment is not helping either ... 
  i always feel a bit sad for foreigners that have to go live in paris . 
  i know i would hate that . 
  one of my main goal in life is never having to live in paris . 
  how do you deal with such humongous amounts of sugar in your life ? 
  i mean seriously . 
  i do n't mean to shit on the us or anything as i liked a lot of things there but i actually could not drink soda there because it just felt like someone poured a ton of sugar in my drinks to fuck with me . 
  it was really sweet to a point where it was just not drinkable for me . 
  i think the problem may be that us people are more used to sugar than we do . 
  i know i could live my whole life without any soda and i would be okey , i always go for the sparkling water at fastfoods since that 's what i prefer by far and it actually calms your thirst instead of increasing it . 
  [ `` in every combat where for five centuries the destiny of france was at stake , there were always men of scotland to fight side by side with men of france , and what frenchmen feel is that no people has ever been more generous than yours with its friendship . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ), 
  i do n't know much about them if i have to be honest . 
  i guess it 's kind of an achievement in itself for muslims in europe . 
  the treaty of versailles was either not harsh enough or too harsh . 
  there were two ways it would have been efficient : either go soft on germany and develop a partnership with them in a spirit of forgivness or go super hard on germany with something that would economically prevent them from developping a credible army for the next decades . 
  the treaty of versailles was none of these and for that it failed utterly , it was harsh enough to be humilitating but not harsh enough to really muzzle germany . 
  to be honest anyone sharing borders with ussr had good reasons to side with germany and i do n't see how anyone could blame them . 
  they do n't seem as burdened by political correctness and that 's really great with them . 
  the bad things are mainly the corruption ( it exists a lot in western europe too but in different forms ) and the great divides in wealth . 
  did you adopt any lithuanian food for example ? 
  mainly we intervene a lot against djihadism in africa . 
  a few years back mali was on the verge of falling in djihadi hands and asked us for military help . 
  with the logistical help of our allies we sent a few regiments there and fought alongside malian and chadian troops to push them back to the north and then hunt them down in the sahara . 
  since then we kept a military presence in sahara to patrol and disrupt djihadi activities there . 
  we are also present in central african r\u00e9public to help fight religious motivated violences ( even though we are gradually pulling back to let un troops take over ) and we are part of the coalition bombing isis . 
  basically they want to make us pay as they threatened to do so many times in the past .
