  you would have to get a working visa i think so you can earn some money while here . 
  i am not sure what it would require though . 
  i can try and look it up for you if you want . 
  haha one of my friend suckerpunched a parking meter . 
  he broke his wrist and spent weeks in a cast . 
  looks like the parking meter won . 
  it 's so weird how drunk people start fighting inanimate objects for some reason . 
  i would so use sandstorm in my political meetings . 
  it 's the same song , no ? 
  [ lema\u00eetre by closer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5z8onummou ) is the song macron uses in his meetings . 
  le pen 's voters applauded trump 's election . 
  the people who mocked the us were not the same who vote for le pen . 
  as to the reasons to vote for her : * she is the most credible anti-eu candidate . 
  asselineau is more hardline on eu ( he said he would not even do a referendum and literally has `` the frexit candidate '' written on his posters ) but he is a clown who will never get past 1 % . 
  so if you are disappointed with the eu and want to leave then you have the choice between le pen and le pen . 
  * if you want a tough on crime politician your choice is once again le pen or fillon . 
  * if you are socially conservative your choices are le pen or fillon . 
  * if you have been electing the same candidates for decades and want to try someone who never governed or been part of any coalition then le pen is the only choice . 
  * if you are really worried about islam then le pen is the go to candidate once again . 
  basically le pen is the only candidate possible for several niche opinions . 
  she is also seen as much more credible than trump as she has not done reality tv and other things like that , she is a professional politician with a lot of experience . 
  if we are perfectly honest , i think a lot of people voted trump in out of desperation and a sense of being betrayed too . 
  this is generally the reason this kind of people gets elected into office . 
  i am in favour of the eu but i would definitly approve of another kind of union . 
  i am a melenchon voter . 
  i do n't like what macron represents or his ideas but i do n't think he is going to bring any major catastrophes on france . 
  someone who votes for melenchon first round and le pen second round is more confused than scooby doo . 
  when you think melenchon electorate you have to imagine the `` refugee welcome '' crowd along with some greens allied with die hard communists . 
  you probably know someone from this kind of crowd , i will let you imagine them going to vote le pen . 
  haha yeah you can really imagine his supporters behind him thinking `` wtf is he rambling about ? '', 
  haha `` rends l'argent '' is probably the funniest of all to me . 
  especially because it infuriates fillon . 
  yeah i have nothing against belgian papers not following french law but very early polls are unreliable as hell . 
  melenchon is not an hardline eurosceptic , among the four you cited only le pen wants to leave unconditionally . 
  melenchon is against austerity . 
  he says basically that as long as eu does not prevent him from doing his programme he has no problem staying . 
  he will make a leave referendum only if eu starts trying to force him to enforce austerity measures and even then there will be negociations first to try and find a way to work together . 
  the leaving will only be a last recourse if there is no way to work a solution . 
  and even then there would still be a referendum french people could very well vote no to . 
  not that i know of . 
  generally parties try and respect that law . 
  then the law abiding citizen can do the same so there is no problem . 
  you ca n't prevent him doing all these things . 
  you can still prevent him from owning a gun . 
  some people are not criminals but are still idiots . 
  they are the most dangerous ones in my opinion . 
  no one knows right now as campaigns have been suspended since friday midnight until the closing of the voting booths ( this is the law in france ) . 
  it means that candidates and their teams no longer have the right to speak publicly ( they do n't even have the right to update their website ) and polls can not be published . 
  last polls gave macron and le pen around the same score with melenchon and fillon right behind them . 
  you will have to wait for our out of the booths polls published around 8pm like us or if you are in hurry go check belgian websites but keep in mind that the belgian generally publish them too early for them to be truly reliable . 
  it is seen as very nosey and materialistic . 
  this is kind of hypocritical since everyone wants to know but asking is rude somehow . 
  it probably wo n't cause an actual physical fight but you depending on the people you may be received coldly . 
  at least we would no longer have to worry about daesh and the rise of nationalisms . 
  haha , so triggered . 
  `` so , how much do you earn ? '', 
  i think most of the time it 's a bit over the top to do it on the hands or face but people should be free to do it but i guess i can kind of understand why they would do such a law . 
  i always sit at home to avoid splashes . 
  even if you do n't see it there are always mini drops of piss getting everywhere because of the high altitude of your dick when you stand . 
  sitting down makes it easier to keep your toilets clean . 
  in public places i only ever touch the toilet seat if i have to take a shit so i would piss standing . 
  getting tattooed on the hands or face is illegal in your country ? 
  it 's getting more and more common . 
  i like it and i may have one myself one day . 
  my girlfriend has three medium sized pieces and they are pretty cool . 
  thing is tattoos are the kind of things you should not be stingy with , get a very good one even if it is more expensive . 
  it may hurt your wallet on the moment but you will be glad after a year or two when the money got back in and you still have a great tattoo instead of a shitty one . 
  that 's mighty grand of you , mate . 
  also can you fucking kill bono ? 
  even if he just dies peacefully in his bed or something , it would be okey . 
  yeah i guess russia would be correct too , i just wish they had a non crazy person as their leader but i love russian history and language . 
  sure boudin is great !, 
  i am sure most people can place louisiana but thanks for taking the time . 
  yeah i do n't even recall the last time i had a bar of soap at home but my mother loves le petit marseillais and i would guess it 's one of the most popular here . 
  the two dots are used in french so we do have it on our keyboards . 
  i do n't know it 's alsatian language that 's all . 
  i did not make the language . 
  the fun thing is that alsatians generally call it `` tarte flamb\u00e9e '' and not by the german name . 
  in alsatian it is `` fl\u00e0mmenk\u00fceche '' . 
  you may be right . 
  duck is kind of an acquired taste . 
  i love it but not everyone does . 
  i really love the fn fal look for some reason . 
  it looks a bit retro and cool as fuck . 
  when i think about it i always imagine south african mercenaries fighting bitterly in jungles or something . 
  i did not see any restaurant making french comfort food . 
  the only french restaurants i saw in the us were gastronomic . 
  realizing that i thought that there was a great business opportunity there as most of these dishes are inexpensive ( most of them were dishes the farmers ate after a long day of work in the fields ) , easy as fuck to make in bulk and delicious . 
  example of dishes i am thinking about from the top of my head : tartiflette ( potato gratin with reblochon cheese bacon and onions ) galettes bretonnes : buckwheat cr\u00eapes with savory things ( the ones in france make a ridiculous 80 % margin on average because they cost fuck all to make , you can even go further if you have a great emplacement with a view or something ) onion soup cassoulet : beans and duck meat stew from southwest of france flammenkuechen ( ultra thin bread dough pies with cream , onion and bacon from alsace ) bouillabaisse ( fish stew ) blanquette de veau ( veal with cream and mushrooms ) carbonnade flamande ( beef stew with pain d'\u00e9pices + beer sauce ), 
  probably poland and romania . 
  yep , it is also used this way . 
  my grandpa yeah . 
  got drafted as an artillery nco because he was a school teacher and therefore knew mathematics , therefore he was responsible for one cannon , one horse and a few men . 
  his battery got ordered to deploy in some place . 
  they then never heard from hq again . 
  ended up being captured when a panzer division appeared behind them and they did not have time to turn the cannons around . 
  i feel like his story is a good example of the state of confusion that reigned when french and british armies nearly got surrounded by the germans and a lot of units got left behind in the retreat that followed . 
  he then spent the war in a pow camp . 
  apparently he thought the germans treated them okey . 
  he mainly had guards that were too old to fight on the frontlines and who just wanted to do their job and nothing more .
