  `` you ca n't tell me what to do , you are not my real dad / u/el _ horsto ! '', 
  seriously though , got up at 8am on a sunday for that shit . 
  sure , but as they have the same origin as the leak it definitly puts the credit of the whole thing in question . 
  some parties in france criticize our regime for being a `` presidential monarchy '' . 
  he was working on a fishing boat too , which is probably the most breton job you could imagine . 
  yes please . 
  we may avoid euroskeptics in power in france this year but if eu does not change anything it will only reinforce them in the long run and not just in france . 
  it 's unhead of in france . 
  i am sure they will if it ever becomes popular here . 
  it 's not banned because it 's not a thing at all here . 
  if it comes to france i am sure something will be done . 
  our system is entirely rigged against extremes . 
  call that de gaulle 's farewell gift to the far-right who kept trying to assassinate him . 
  ps used to mix center left and hard left people . 
  it made this party behave weirdly with different factions sometimes fighting it out . 
  this was ridiculous and today the center left people joined macron and the hard left stayed with hamon or went with melenchon . 
  it clarified where each party stands politically and i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
  collectively hamon and melenchon got 26 % of the votes . 
  it is far from a bad score . 
  if they had found a way to make an alliance they would have been far ahead of le pen . 
  the question is specifically `` who won this debate '' . 
  does not mean you are a supporter or will vote for whoever won this . 
  i think macron killed it but i am in no way a supporter of him or of his policies . 
  i would still have voted for him at second round no matter what , even if i thought le pen won this . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  for all her faults merkel projects a strong image of quiet competence . 
  after she spent the debate showing how little she actually knew about the actual topics once she finished insulting him it really does make merkel sound like a pretty good idea . 
  and believe me or not i am not at all a macron fan . 
  i generally vote far left and he is very far from my ideas . 
  she is fucking stupid , does that count ? 
   france will be led by a woman , it will either be me or ms.merkel . 
  merkel it is , then . 
  le pen has always been terrible in debates . 
  she was particularly terrible tonight . 
  if you truly thought brexit would be easy you are a very stupid person . 
  you did not though . 
  you knew how it would be . 
  you just do n't want to be blamed for misleading british people once again . 
  sure , no gomo . 
  we would not want to give children ideas !, 
  i think the russians just want someone to love them . 
  i love you russians . 
  not in any sense of the term , no . 
  most countries that we think as democracies are representative regimes . 
  they are far from being dictatorship of course but they are not meant to be ruled by the people 's will . 
  the people in these regimes is merely seen as the source of legitimacy for leaders . 
  to take the example of my country , here is a quote from abb\u00e9 si\u00e9y\u00e8s , one of the french revolutionary leaders :  `` citizens who elect representatives renunce making law by themselves ; they do not have any particular will to impose . 
  if they dictated their decisions then france would no longer be this repr\u00e9sentative state ; it would be a democratic state . 
  the people , i insist , in a country that is not a democracy ( that france should in no way be ) , can not talk nor act except through its representatives '' . 
  he opposed in that to rousseau who thought that the people should be able to participate in the elaboration of the law . 
  you know who won this in ours and a lot of other countries . 
  is there any other party opposing orban apart from jobbik ? 
  for you . 
  you are saying exactly what i am saying with different words . 
  i doubt it will though since they are not ( that we know of ) muslims . 
  these guys are extremists . 
  in their minds they are fighting an oppressive regime and police are just henchmen willingly serving this regime and being sent to snuff popular voice and therefore are fair game . 
  people thinking it is okey are edgy teenagers and idiots . 
  i am definitly on the left side but these guys are just decredibilizing legit protests . 
  yeah but voters are not slaves , they have a mind of their own and can be convinced . 
  if you look at fn programme , fn is not either . 
  they have pretty much the same rhetoric . 
  it may not appear so from abroad but i assure you that they are exactly the same . 
  saying `` we do n't want to have anything to do with fn because they are extremists '' is just a clever way to imply that they are not extremists themselves . 
  that 's a pr trick . 
  you realize that it is pure pr though ? 
  their ideas are exactly the same . 
  never thought about it . 
  it plays into the party 's new image so they probably are okey with it if it gets their candidate elected . 
  what do you mean ? 
  people sometimes point out that those are different but i just do n't see it . 
  they talk about the exact same things in the exact same way . 
  philippot is the cool and smiling new face of a sinister party . 
  i definitly understand what you mean though , he definitly has charisma . 
  i would say he is actually much more charismatic than marine herself . 
  philippot is not her assistant . 
  he is the number two of fn . 
  le pen openly resents his influence over her and never misses an occasion to say it . 
  i hope he does not . 
  he is a walking , talking reminder of what the fn really is about under the nice new coating marine gave it and everytime he opens his mouth marine loses votes . 
  i would make him immortal if i could . 
  jupp\u00e9 is not left wing . 
  he is still in the left wing of les r\u00e9publicains . 
  yeah , some discontent people vote fn at first round instead of abstaining to `` send a message '' . 
  they then vote against them in second round so they do n't actually get elected . 
  way too much teeth . 
  i doubt he will like new turkey . 
  there is a world between `` more socially conservative than obama '' and `` as socially conservative as fillon '' . 
  okey, 
  stop with that shit , this is ridiculous . 
  you are expecting refugee welcome people to suddenly vote for le pen because she is eurosceptic despite the fact le pen want very different things than melenchon with the `` new found freedom '' of france in the event of a frexit ? 
  melenchon voters going to le pen just because both do n't exclude leave eu is just completly ridiculous . 
  honestly . 
  yeah hillary is kind of socially progressive iirc . 
  fillon is veeery conservative . 
  yup, 
  they do n't really agree on anything to be honest . 
  even on eu , it may seem like they agree but they do n't share the same view at all and the voters are very at odd . 
  melenchon 's voters are the very liberal types with ecology and social progress as priorities . 
  le pen 's voters have different priorities .
