  if i come to ukraine on my own free will and say `` hey i do n't like the laws here , change them just for me '' you will probably tell me something similar and it would be normal . 
  the good news is that there are a lot of states with a lot of cultures . 
   i 'd agree that the state should n't be regulating clothing myself too if you asked me in a poll . 
  does n't mean i reject western values . 
  there 's a lot of laws i do n't agree with in germany where i live as a brit , i still follow them but i think they 're bullshit and would say so if asked in a poll . 
  children are considered a vulnerable population and should be protected as much as possible . 
  we ca n't forbid them to wear religious apparel outside of school but there is no way in hell they will wear them in school . 
  yeah , i think even less than that . 
  my stepmother is a very practicing catholic ( she is head accountant for the bishop of my city ) so she knows quite a few of them and their main gripe with gay marriage was that it is called marriage at all because marriage is related to catholic rituals and religion to them . 
  apart from that detail they do n't really care that much honestly . 
  there is of course a part of stupid people like in every religion but i would say the huge majority of christians think french law is over anything else . 
  you like being slapped around , do you ? 
  let 's say if one day i lead a europe-wide revolution he will be one of the first to pass through the guillotine . 
  they need each other though so he is probably happy to have him . 
  thanks mr.reagan , i 'll wait a couple centuries more then . 
  `` why do n't they just get a job like we did in [ insert period where unemployment pretty much did not exist ] ? '', 
  the guy in the article looks like an idiot . 
  if someone wants to generalize that to all the french then he probably had this opinion of us to begin with anyway . 
  i am in couple and i like to rub a quick one off from time to time . 
  those are not incompatible . 
  yeah the attackers are probably all from very working class background since they are the ones most likely to compete with polish immigrants . 
  we 'll just sit around and do nothing just like last time . 
  it turned out great . 
  yep . 
  basically we are not given any other option so the situation remains in a stalemate . 
  it 's quite telling that i have to go on foreign subreddits to hear about what charlie hebdo does . 
  that 's not it . 
  the issue is a legal one . 
  we legally ca n't deport them and we ca n't force them to claim asylum here ( and the huge majority wo n't since they know they do n't qualify at all ) . 
  the jungle exists simply because our hands are tied . 
  it has been destroyed several times and everytime human rights associations sue france for it . 
   `` no one is interested in our backgrounds and who we are . 
  they do n't treat us like human beings . 
  this is the worst camp in europe , '' this is not a state camp , this is a slump you and your friends created and you are the one who chose to come here instead of following the normal procedure you prick . 
  that 's insanely true . 
  you will not meet many people in france to think we have a rivalry with anyone . 
  especially not italy . 
  i do n't think we really compete for cuisine . 
  i always thought italian and french cuisine complemented each other greatly . 
  yeah and the us repeatedly stated they want eu to compromise . 
  it 's part of why it 's not signed and never will be . 
  the way we see it the us gov wants this deal , we do n't . 
  we do n't care about earning 50 $ more or paying 1 $ less on our yogurts if it means we are no longer free to decide what kind of food safety we want . 
  that 's that simple really . 
  if the us really wants to sign this deal they will have to sweeten the pot a lot or do without it . 
  no it never did, 
  france does n't have a tunnel they can watch for migrants . 
  stop thinking everyone lives on an island for god sake . 
  it 's not the french system they want to go to uk either because they know someone or because they have an inflated idea of what they will get there . 
  [ yeah yankee , that 's exactly what is wrong with this pic . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ujzwy2knuqu?t=2m31s ), 
  yes, 
  he does not realize he is completly irrelevant . 
  a lot of very smart people are talking about it . 
  the things they found out , you would not believe it !, 
  you have to turn to eastern europe nowadays . 
  people want to enter illegally in masse = build something to prevent them should be basic common sense honestly . 
  til sarkozy is a swedish green . 
   key moment here , is that kiev not only refused to condemn nazi and take weapons from them , but actually gave them more weapons and authority . 
  when another country invade your territory it is customary to give arms to every able bodied man willing to fight to defend your country whatever their political opinions . 
  if you do n't like that maybe you should try not attacking your neighbors and annexing their territory ? 
  i see . 
  you are mostly right concerning laws , these bans were not laws though they were local decrees issued by mayors and the conseil d'etat is an administrative court , its role is to settle disputes between public administrations or between citizens and the public administration , one could say its raison d'\u00eatre is pretty much to judge whether acts of this kind are faithful to the law or not . 
  it is true that our courts do not have as much leeway but their interpretation of the laws can and do change the interpretation of the law and it definitly has a huge weight on future judgements . 
  we call that `` jurisprudence '' and it is considered extremely important when studying law and change in jurisprudence are always regarded as very noteworthy events . 
  okey , can you specify on what you think is british and german ? 
  i am not familiar at all with them in terms of law . 
  are you saying british and german governments pressured the conseil d'etat ? 
  or are you saying the decision is close to german and british spirit in terms of application of the law ? 
  pretty much everyone in the west knows there are nazis fighting in ukraine on both sides . 
  this is old news . 
  so what ? 
  there are no neo nazis in glorious russian federation ? 
  every western country has neo-nazis . 
  i do n't think they kept these uniforms out of nostalgia for soviet rule . 
  the news ones are cool but the soviet hat game is still unparallele to this day . 
  the cartoonist is too late . 
  the bans have been struck down , completly annihilating the point he was trying to make and showing that france is indeed a working democracy with proper failsafes . 
  believe me i thought about all this extensively over the last few days . 
  i was initially pretty happy for the burkini bans i thought it was great idea and all . 
  but reviewing the deeper implications i changed my mind and i now am convinced that this ban would make more harm than good . 
  i still hate burkinis , i am still not a fan of religions in general and islam in particular , i still think the people wearing those are living in middle age , i just think think ban is counter productive in the fight against radical islam . 
  the rationale behind it was to ensure security but i believe it actually makes security worse , it busies policemen with stupid shit they do n't want to deal with when they could be actually be looking for actual threats . 
  i think they should just hire more cops instead of diminishing the number of cops actually looking for bad guys by making them do what are essentially pr operations on the beaches . 
  it was just a local matter blown way out of proportions by medias . 
  it was always going to end this way . 
  as summed up by a humorist `` this cloth item is ridiculous , to link it to terrorism is ridiculous , this debate is ridiculous and banning it is ridiculous . '', 
  upholding the rule of law is surrendering ? 
  more than anything i am glad for the cops . 
  they have other things to do and it was obvious they thought it was stupid but they had to enforce it anyway . 
  sarkozy is not even candidate yet , he is a contender for his party 's primaries that he stands little chance of winning . 
  it 's a few compared to the thousand coastal cities france has . 
  not even 1 % of french coastal cities banned burkini . 
  it 's two different things . 
  the conseil d'\u00e9tat has different roles , additionally to the fact it is an administrative court it can be consulted by the government for a non binding opinion on rule of law . 
  that 's what happened in 1989 . 
  today is a decision of justice . 
  it will never happen , it has just been ruled unconstitutional . 
  burkini ban on local or national level will never happen now . 
  this is an impossibility .
