  the problem is if unions want to negociate without conflict , french politician will immediatly say `` why should we ? 
  because these reforms are all the same : give away rights without anything in return and no real guarantee to decrease unemployment ( which is the excuse they give everytime ) . 
  it 's as if someone served you shit on a plate several times in a row while calling it a different name every time and told you you were being difficult for refusing these totally different meals . 
  i would actually welcome a labour reform , not just any labour reform and certainly not one that would bring me back to middle-age . 
  i think a labour code should bring a balance between employees and employer so that one can not exploit the other and both can benefit their relationship . 
  i do n't find any balance in this labour reform . 
  they are not against any labor reforms , they are against this labor reform . 
  sarkozy is a self-serving incompetent clown that only lives for show business , he makes a lot of noise using strong words but nothing is actually done . 
  jupp\u00e9 is pretty universally considered to be a competent person . 
  hitler was appointed though . 
  he never got elected . 
  i suppose it 's the same in every country , we elect our politicians on the programme they give us . 
  we literally have no other way to make our choice than read their programme . 
  if , once elected , the guy decides to do the exact opposite it 's normal to feel like you have been robbed of your vote . 
  more precisely , he was a right wing person who got elected on a left wing programme . 
  in shot he does exactly the opposite of what he has been elected for . 
  it 's as if bernie got elected in the us ( impossible now , i know ) and then once in power decided to lead a policy more right wing than trump . 
  people would be understandably upset . 
  there is always money in the banana stand, 
  make the syrian pay for it, 
  except no country can realistically do that perfectly when they share several thousand km of land borders with the rest of the continent . 
  if someone really wants to pass they will, 
   if the agreement was abolished all that would happen is that france would see an increase immigrants who go there trying to get to the uk . 
  they would just be passing by though , right now they are being stuck and just accumulate while you guys laugh and sneer at how incompetent we are at dealing with them . 
  no situation could be worse for france right now that the one we currently got . 
   the article also says that the french government are n't even considering it at this stage , only jupp\u00e9 is saying he might . 
  no of course and i hope we find a middle ground before that . 
  i still think it is good to plan and begin to discuss this issue as soon as possible . 
  what country is stopping refugees from entering france for us ? 
  no one . 
  only you got the privilege of not policing your own borders and having other people do it for you and there is no real reason to make you this favor anymore since you decided to leave anyway . 
  the whole point of the touquet deal was to make eu free movement more palatable to you guys . 
  i guess the leave politicians `` forgot '' to tell you that too . 
  they are not until they ask for refugee status and once they do they are stuck in france so they wo n't . 
  yep , it 's called the black adder, 
  even though we were happy to win my gf and i were kind of sad to eliminate iceland since it was really cool to see them go far in the competition . 
  i come from amiens in the north of france which has about 300 000 inhabitants and i could not help but think it was as if we had a 100 % amiens team playing in the euro , it was really a crazy ride you had . 
  for france 's honour , i am ready to offer my humble person . 
  it must be the lighting because the eiffel is brownish green ( or greenish brown , whatever you prefer ) . 
  it 's not though , it 's the natural colour of the local stones . 
  skulls for the throne of skulls, 
  people care already . 
  i live thousands of kilometers away from karlstad and i assure you i care about this kind of things , especially when it happens in one of the most progressive countries in the world . 
  do you think these people are unaware ? 
  do n't be naive or condescending . 
  most refugees know rape is wrong and so do they . 
  bracelets will change strictly nothing to the fact that some of them do n't care about the fact rape is wrong . 
  the question is : should we still be talking about whether or not it is okey to rape in west europe in 2016 ? 
  we should be way past that already . 
  maybe letting people from middle-ages in is not such a good idea . 
  the problem is that anyone who was not a vegan / green / leftist was pretty much not welcome there . 
  i went once and immediatly felt i was not welcome there even though i am far from a fascist . 
  no wonder it turned a lot of people away with this kind of dogmatic attitude . 
  it felt like they just wanted a big echo chamber instead of the actual debate of idea they claimed they wanted . 
  for those who wonder it 's because it 's a region with lots of volcanos and the locals built a lot of things out of pitch black volcanic stones . 
  everytime i go there i think it is creepy as hell though . 
  i totally imagine chaos cultists makings blood sacrifices in this cathedal, 
  i honestly had no idea, 
  i often see it played in public parks in lyon . 
  at the beginning i really wondered what these guys were doing to be honest , it looked liked they played some version of cones of dunshire or something like that . 
  yep and lots of people do . 
  i used to manage this kind of projects for people who did not know how to do it themselves , the money some countries get back through this is crazy . 
  it goes to small cultural organizations , local governments etc and allows them to exist and to create interesting international projects with other organizations like themselves in other eu countries . 
  that 's funny when i hear people people say stuff like `` eu only benefits only the rich and powerful '' . 
  i have seen very small organizations from different countries work together like they live next door thanks to these programmes . 
  after 130 minutes of actual game most of them were probably exhausted as hell . 
  just like leave politicians right now . 
  that 's pretty logical . 
  as long as scotland is part of gb they are obviously concerned by brexit . 
  we ca n't look like we support independantist movements in friendly nations , that would be terrible form . 
  i do hope they leave and rejoin in the future though but that 's not my country 's choice to make . 
  you do n't want to know, 
  hate that this is happening to anyone . 
  not very likely but yeah in the event that this happen he will be a hero but i seriously have trouble seeing this happening even though i sincerly wish uk will be okey . 
  probably too . 
  he still put himself in a shitty situation . 
  i hope he will recover since he seems like a decent guy from the little i know of him, 
  uk 's economy needed the eu financial passport tremendously . 
  sure eu will lose a chunk of its budget with uk leaving but if you think uk will be in a position of force to negociate you are either terribly misinformed or delusional . 
  went to great yarmouth a few times , their slot machine game is way out of this world . 
  ca n't wait to see the eiffel tower get turned into a huge slot machine place with a big blinking clown on the front to attract customers . 
  funny thing is the reason i went there was to help local charities set up eu funded programmes for the poor and unemployed . 
  i am quite amazed that they massively voted for leave actually because if i have to believe the local charities in question the local councils will certainly not pick up the fundings . 
  you are missing the rest of eu who will never agree to it unless the conditions are harsh enough to justify a non member profiting from the common market ( eg : norway ) . 
  to benefit from the common market uk would have to abide to all the eu rules and to free circulation too . 
  this means they would have pretty much as many obligations as a full member but no participation in debates and no say in the making of the new rules that will apply to them . 
  basically they would be worst off than before brexit on all the points that justified brexit in their minds . 
  corbyn is going to pay dearly for his lack of enthusiasm during this referendum . 
  he officially supported the remain camp but it is no mystery that this was only officially and it definitly showed which probably made a lot of voters very confused about the whole thing . 
  or he sees the chance to get to power once cameron 's successor ca n't fulfill the leave promises . 
  i do n't think farage believes one word he says . 
  despite his pro-people rethoric he is strongly in favor of selling the nhs to private interests . 
  that 's probably why he knowingly lied about the 350m # , he wants the nhs to not be sustainable . 
  in the end cameron is the one that will get off easy . 
  he will step down and give the article 50 mess to someone else , most likely bj . 
  then bj will have to either do it and get crucified when the country goes to shit , not do it and get crucified for being a lying bastard or just not accept the position and get crucified as well for being a lying bastard and a coward . 
  i really would not like to be bj right now honestly . 
  i sincerely ca n't fathom how he could not see the enventuality of his side winning the referendum and realize he would get fucked any way it played out . 
  the only way he can leave with some dignity left would be to go on medias , say `` i have been a lying asshole , i hope the british people find it in themselves to forgive me eventually '' , stop politics altogether and spend the rest of the days giving food to homeless people in the streets . 
  except germany still has the whole eu area to sell to , contrary to uk .
