ethnic serb , born and raised in the austrian empire , lived most of his life in america . 
   hey , yeah i can see how those two might seem contradictory that 's not what i meant at all , i 'm ethnically serbian but born and raised in sweden . 
  i was asking since only you had serbia as their favorite ( very few even visited it ) and thus i was curious when you had both of `` my '' countries . 
  thanks for the response , 
   all countries which were part of yugoslavia +1, 
  minority language spoken by few people in a very small region . 
  those are minority languages , which is not what he was referring to . 
  sweden & ... thailand ? 
  serbia & china, 
  tfw as a serb when the whole thread has visited bosnia/croatia, 
   my favorites are serbia and sweden elaborate please , 
  where are you from ? 
  i do n't know how many foreign chocolate brands i 've tasted , but i really have a hard time imagining chocolate that tastes better than marabou , the biggest swedish brand . 
  i 've eaten toblerone etc which is heavenly , but i wish to taste more international chocolate , especially swiss , but i seriously have a hard time imagining there 's tastier chocolate than marabou 's : o, 
  i had no idea so many countries had laws prohibiting the burning of flags . 
  i hope they are not enforced and soon revoked . 
  the one in the edit was great , loved it . 
   `` i do n't see you volunteering to go to iraq ! '', 
  i hope that 's a joke considering what a massive failure iraq was ... holy shit . 
  really ? 
  how different is it ? 
  i 've always wondered but never been bothered to look it up . 
  i 've heard brazilian portuguese spoken a lot , but never real portuguese . 
  yugoslavia alongside other nations . 
  yugoslavia had very good relations with the us at the time , it 's just that younger generations simply do n't know about it .1991 is the beginning of the former republics for most younger generations . 
  also , where are your parents from ? 
  german , french , russian . 
  dutch is also kind of unique and nice . 
  lmao, 
  lmao the 1st one , took me a few seconds to get, 
  swedes and norwegians understand each other very well , both written and spoken , they 're almost like strong accents . 
  danish is a bit different , we can read it with some ease and understand probably 80-90 % , but when it 's spoken , it 's almost incomprehensible . 
  you can make out some words , but not good enough to hold a conversation . 
  i assume it 's about the same with norwegians , but they might understand them a tad better . 
  ** your question in the scandinavian languages : ** swedish : hur annorlunda eller liknande \u00e4r de skandinaviska spr\u00e5ken ? 
  thats hella cheap, 
  approximately $ 1,5 . 
  sjw are trying so hard to push this shit , but i would n't say there `` is '' white guilt , it 's uncommon . 
  also , europe does n't have any collective guilt because of nazism , that 's mainly a german thing , and an uncommon one afaik . 
  middle eastern , especially recently . 
  western europeans definitely differentiate between turks and arabs . 
  ^ this channel is the shit for these videos, 
  shit , that landscape, 
  dont blow my cover, 
  have i been living under a rock or is op making no sense ? 
  now i feel stupid for using my diaspora flair ... well , well . 
  damn , i was preparing for cancer after the first two paragraphs thinking you were sarcastic , but that was amazingly written . 
  i knew most of this already , but getting input from an american is a different thing , especially with details i had never thought of ( subways etc ) . 
  thanks , very interesting read . 
  my heart ... 
  i guess there are n't too many yugo bros in slovenia , which sucks . 
   north korea wat, 
  od vardara do triglava pls, 
  you literally said you 're surprised that europeans were n't choosing america as the country outside eu they would live in ... can you tell me exactly why they would choose it over , say , canada ? 
  japan ? 
  south korea ? 
  australia ? 
  new zealand ? 
  what does america have that you think everyone else so desperately wants and needs ? 
  i 'm surprised that americans seem to think they 're the center of the universe ... well not really surprised , more appalled . 
  it 's probably on the rise everywhere . 
  it was at such at low point in western europe that it 's hard not to have it rising during turbulent times like these . 
  there 's a lot of text in front of me which i honestly ca n't be bothered to read , i came here to say learning german is really hard , probably a lot harder than spanish , despite it being a germanic language . 
  i 'm actually not sure what it is like when it comes to that . 
  i ca n't find the list , but there were many subjects to choose from , some are `` better '' than others and i will explain why . 
  when you finish high school you get a grade average , which is basically your grade points divided by the amount of subjects you studied . 
  grade points : * e = 10p * d = 12,5 p * c = 15p * b = 17,5 p * a = 20p add all of those together , divide by the amount of subjects and you will be left with a number between 0-20 , meaning 20 is the highest you can get ... but it 's not . 
  if you choose certain subjects you can get additional points . 
  math 5 will give you 1.5 extra points , making the final grade avg 21,5 , which is massive . 
  the actual maximum you can get is 22,5 p and you get that by selecting a combination of the following subjects : english 7 math 5 foreign language 5 ( german , french , or spanish ) those subjects are obviously better for your final grades . 
  the list was very enormous however , there was an entire page of subjects , easily over 100 , split into four groups . 
  you could choose subjects equivalent to 200 subject points ( 90 % of subjects are 100-pointers ) . 
  these three are obviously the most chosen ones . 
  because i studied the `` nature science '' programme , most of the people i went with picked math 5 and something else . 
  quite a lot of people picked english 7 , and i have no idea about foreign language . 
  i picked english 7 and mother tongue 2 . 
  omg reminds me of when we had classes in classroom a06 , which sounded like `` anal sex '', 
   threw it just looks like she was resisting and kind of fell as he grabbed her trying to get out . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` inat '' translates to `` spite '' . 
  elaborate, 
   it 's actually a long distance in europe i guess xd not really, 
  what 's your point ? 
  what ? 
  this is standard everywhere as far as i know o_o, 
  those are different though ? 
  afaik great britain is england , scotland , wales and the uk includes northern ireland . 
  [ vinca culture is older afaik , and it 's in most of the balkans , but the entirety of serbia is covered . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/60/vin%c4%8da_culture_locator_map.svg/1000px-vin%c4%8da_culture_locator_map.svg.png ), 
  vinca culture , serbia . 
  it 's very big in western europe . 
  it 's lost popularity in recent years , but i guess it has in america aswell ? 
  family guy etc are more popular nowadays . 
  i feel like it 's super overrated lol, 
  i never think about tipping , however i do n't usually care about change and tell them to keep it . 
  the first two are great . 
  eh lol what, 
  that 's exactly how every word is created . 
  republika srpska declares independence from bosnia & herzegovina . 
  eachother . 
  lmao,
