our country is pro-democracy . 
  what this referendum would do is to create a decidedly undemocratic system of government in turkey . 
  it is not a normal presidential system that they want to introduce . 
  far from it . 
  we should not allow such political activity in our country for that reason . 
  the dutch government responded swiftly here , which is a good thing . 
  a two-man party asking questions is quite irrelevant . 
  most other parties also agree with the government action . 
  it might be that the turkish government was hoping for this kind of response though . 
  it is to be expected in an election season that there would be a swift negative response , which could then be used for propaganda purposes within turkey . 
  the ` liberation ' was on full display when ms may came to the us to kiss the ring of trump . 
  it should be amusing to watch the state visit red carpet treatment that trump will get in return for ms may visit . 
  lot 's of kneeling and grovelling . 
  the eu organization is not set up to affect politicians of nation states in this way , but it does function in a way that can combat certain kinds of corruption , mostly to do with trade . 
  for example , a company might want to buy protection from competition by paying a corrupt politician to bring a law that damages the sale of competing products . 
  what the eu can do is to reach an agreement on common standards for all kinds of products and services so that no national politician could try to influence the trade in this way . 
  [ debunked ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-sweden-happened-last-night-based-on-debunked-fox-news-report-a7589031.html ), 
  by referring to a general term like ` immigration ' instead of for example refugees and by referring only to these countries and not including any other countries for comparison it is difficult to say what this result really means ( [ survey ] ( https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/what-do-europeans-think-about-muslim-immigration# ) ) . 
  it is not surprising that there is some opposition to permanent immigration for economic reasons from far-away countries , which is why most countries have laws for it . 
  it is democratic and reflects the will of the people . 
  a majority of dutch people would never , under any circumstance , vote for the pvv and they dislike their leader . 
  rutte gave a whole list of reasons why his party will not participate in a coalition and many people will vote on his party on that condition . 
  plus , the pvv will still get to play a role in parliament . 
  whatever coalition is formed we can be sure that it will reflect a majority of the dutch people . 
  the vvd party put out the same statement in order to show that they would also not work with the pvv if rutte would somehow decide to leave as leader . 
  that is a ridiculous idea for a number of reasons . 
  first of all , they do n't have friends . 
  great speech !, 
  discrimination against europeans can be called anti-european . 
  to say otherwise is to say these people were not europeans . 
  you want to place everything before wwii as off-limits , so that we may not learn from what happened after . 
  not a good idea . 
  respect for human dignity was not invented in 1945 . 
  the point is not that the laws and policies are exactly the same , but that discrimination towards certain groups can lead to the implementation of such laws , as it has before . 
  fascism does not come with a full announcement . 
  being pro-something does not make the point about discrimination irrelevant . 
  referring to ancestors is ridiculous . 
  this is quite recent history and affected the parents and grandparents of people alive today . 
  there are clear parallels with the refugee ban in the us , to which europe needs to respond and has responded , so it does affect us . 
  there was discrimination in the us against the irish and italians amongst other groups , so yes , anti-european . 
  yes , all play pretend . 
  getting money from her father might convince some more people about that hopefully . 
  russian banks have granted loans , but she can also borrow with the aid of her father ( [ source ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/marine-le-pen-to-borrow-6-million-euros-from-fathers-lender-cotelec-national-front/ ) ) . 
  however , that does counteract the created appearance that the two are not in agreement with each other . 
  yeah , that woman seems to be the only vague connection . 
  i submitted an article yesterday about all the denouncements that european leaders made in light of the refugee ban and that was removed for being off-topic . 
  more castles it is . 
  this video is as friendly and uncontroversial as can be , so there can be no good explanation for it , except maybe that somebody does not like the video . 
  here is a [ news article ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/dutch-government-wants-to-counter-trump-with-abortion-funds/2017/01/24/f2bbea56-e272-11e6-a419-eefe8eff0835_story.html ) about it in english . 
  translated quotes from the original article :  we want women to keep access to their rights as much as possible . 
   making abortions illegal does not lead to fewer abortions . 
  it leads to more irresponsible practices in backrooms and more maternal death . 
  stated policy is to not start negotiating before article 50 is invoked , so you are not going to hear any definitive views from european leaders about what the negotiation strategy should be until that point . 
  having said that , my guess would be that it will go to wto rules , because it will not be possible to make a deal which is acceptable to all parties within the time limit . 
  indeed a travesty . 
  the guy lies about as much as he breathes . 
  not much left to discuss then if there is no common reality . 
  those claims of trump fall apart after even a casual inspection . 
  plenty of articles out there about it . 
  not really , since those options were there to begin with and were not deemed profitable by the companies involved . 
  the us has a very different labor culture . 
  building factories over there would also mean exporting know-how and that could be detrimental to our interests . 
  negotiation has to start from some level of respect , which is not apparent here . 
  that is not how that works . 
  we can only lose for him to win . 
  see the import tarrifs for german cars that he proposed for example . 
  you do not win anything against that . 
  all you can do is impose the same in response . 
  we will find out i guess , but i think we should believe him in that he will try to push policy based on this zero-sum thinking . 
  to do right by your country sounds nice but not when you combine it with zero-sum thinking : he thinks that for america to win , somebody else has to lose . 
  that is why he is verbally attacking mexico , china and europe . 
  nope . 
  but you are gon na be upset anyway i see . 
  not a meaning that derives from another word . 
  as in word in plural is words which adds an 's ' which has no meaning in and of itself either . 
  in such a trade agreement one specifies things that are related to the gb-eu trade . 
  i do n't think you should interpret it as saying that the goal is that gb should change its laws even for things unrelated to that trade . 
  by the way , since may seems to going for hard brexit we might be going to wto rules anyway , so the whole topic may become obsolete . 
  the talk about gb tax laws is about the idea of gb to become a tax haven . 
  the trade agreement would need to address that possibility , e.g. 
  we impose higher tarriffs in that event . 
  the other element is to level the playing field for european workers . 
  the workers should be paid according to salary norms of the country they do the work in . 
  it does not affect freedom of movement , which is what brexit was about . 
  ok , so then the 's ' has no meaning at all . 
  it might as well have been any other letter . 
  that is quite counterintuitive since his/hers/its all end in 's ' . 
  well , i would have to disagree with the sentiment . 
  having a good education , a steady job and health care is the single most empowering thing for any person . 
  that enables you to be part of and give back to the community . 
  being unable to predict whether you will have a job tomorrow or be able to pay the bills makes a person far more selfish ( for good reason ) and ultimately destroys a sense of community . 
  from what you described , working at a cafe , participating in clubs and volunteering it would seem that you are doing well to integrate into the community . 
  it may be a lot different with how some north-african communities work of course , but i do not think there is any single solution for that . 
  i think it is oke to participate both inside and outside the ` enclave ' in your city . 
  when my countrymen go to foreign countries they often do the same thing . 
  that is all based on the premise that raising taxes is by itself an immoral act , which i do not agree with . 
  raising taxes is what governments do . 
  it is not stated policy of the netherlands to go into a negotiation with the idea that whatever happens , the company should pay the least amount possible . 
  that is the statement that i made and nothing more . 
   that asscher 's proposals sounds better ?
