  all i did was write it in long form . 
  no , he is arguing for new european legislation . 
  do n't convert everything you hear into a case for brexit . 
  addressing labour issues on a global scale is of course a daunting task . 
  the present proposal is for european workers and should help them by reducing unfair competition . 
  to improve worker rights outside europe one can do a number of things , such as lead by example . 
  goof to know that progressive patriotism is part of a long tradition . 
  i am not sure if i get your point on the inability to participate . 
  most european societies provide plenty of schooling and training so that people can prepare for the job market . 
  of course with automation there may not be enough jobs for everyone , but solving that problem will probably require something new like basic income . 
  and where did i imply that it would ? 
  please also tell me how selling weapons is somehow the same as processing taxes . 
  how is that at all relevant ? 
  selling weapons comes with a whole range of other issues than handling taxes . 
  that is not true . 
  it is more a case of being in a race with other countries . 
  you can either decide to do business or give it to someone else . 
  the point of the proposal is to bring down tax avoidance by multinational corporations . 
  no country can do that on its own . 
  good to see that asscher his proposals are getting some attention and that corbyn responded in a positive way . 
  using brexit as a means to make some new reforms could be really helpful . 
  asscher wants to level the playing field for european workers and address tax avoidance issues . 
  he also makes an appeal for progressive patriotism which is to say that national pride and identity is something which is part of the progressive movement . 
  newcomers should accept basic values such as freedom of speech and religion in order to be accepted in society . 
  that is true although in practice employers have a lot of freedom to choose what workers to invite and employ , but the question is what they want to ask for . 
  do they want to limit that freedom for employers for example ? 
  the article does n't say anything . 
  the article is very unclear on what they want to do . 
  companies can hire local workers if they want to . 
  what new rights do they want to have exactly ? 
  if tax is added to it then it simply increases the charge for working as a european . 
  you could just as well increase the charge to the employer . 
  the visa application system will probably bring an additional charge also , next to the proposed charge for the employer . 
  another step probably is to give an outright ban on bringing in european workers . 
  all of these measures would be matched by eu countries for uk workers . 
  it 's the uk businesses which pay the charge in those cases , to dissuade them from hiring europeans , so it opposes supply-demand market forces actually . 
  to help pay for the worker visa procedure presumably . 
  eu countries will probably do the same then for uk workers . 
  fewer worker and student exchanges and more isolation . 
  he adds that it would be a really bad development :  `` but i also know about the state of the eu . 
  it is no longer unthinkable that it breaks apart , '' he said in the interview , published on saturday . 
   `` should that happen , our children and grandchildren would curse us , '' he added . 
  `` because germany is the biggest beneficiary of the european community - economically and politically . '', 
  great question . 
  probably needs to be a single syllable like clams or beads , so perhaps pick ` euro ' apart by using ` eus ' or ` rhos ' . 
  ok . good to know . 
  i am not an expert either but i wonder if your assumption that it needs to be a threat to the constitutional order is correct . 
  germany should have laws to combat organized crime , which in itself also does not pose a threat to the constitutional order . 
  perhaps something like that could be done . 
  he could be full of shit but he might also have some sort of plan to be able to address specific groups with extremist views in an efficient way . 
  we will have to see . 
  in my country we have a party that wants to ban islam altogether ( which prompted my first comment ) ; they are most certainly full of shit . 
  far from it actually . 
  not sure what made you think that . 
  then i misunderstood you . 
  perhaps it is better to refer to it as a ban on extremism . 
  right . 
  fighting extremism is a widely held goal of course . 
  the statement refers only to salafist mosques ; not a blanket ban . 
  article says salafist mosques ; headline is a bit misleading . 
  ah yes . 
  that other haven for true enlightenment ... 
  i 'm sure there were some humorless people on twitter too , but unless there are hordes of people filing official complaints with the bbc this article remains completely ridiculous . 
  ah , an article about facebook comments !, 
  as we are all well aware , there is nothing more important than what people have to say on facebook !, 
  there is an [ interesting quote ] ( https://www.indy100.com/article/this-terrifying-rupert-murdoch-quote-is-possibly-the-best-reason-to-stay-in-the-eu-yet--wymafte890x ) from mr. murdoch that supports the video message : `` i once asked rupert murdoch why he was so opposed to the european union . 
  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . ' '', 
  they are asylum seekers ; they will not be granted a status in most cases . 
  while the application is being processed they need to stay somewhere . 
  in the netherlands we carry out this procedure relatively fast ( faster than germany at least ) and sometimes it is accelerated if the asylum seekers misbehave , in addition to other measures . 
  the government recently started publishing the number of deportations which showed for example that half the asylum seekers from morroco and algeria that arrived in 2016 have left already . 
  because most people never heard of it ? 
  what a horrible title . 
  this has nothing to do with journalism anymore . 
  shame on the independent for carrying it . 
  the idea of ` weaponizing refugees ' creates a mental image that is not what the article is about or what frontex was warning about . 
  is is trying to radicalize individuals for them to use in attacks and they probably do n't care if they are refugees or not . 
  the article mentions that the command center needs to be stopped . 
  what you are asking about is horrible . 
  interesting article because it refutes the notion that the terror attacks are retaliation to the ongoing attacks against isil . 
  it has more to do with attacking the european model for co-existence and trying to elicit a response which will help their recruitment efforts . 
  the part about isil its frustration with being unable to hit germany for a long period also says a lot about the whole strategizing mentality that are behind the attacks . 
  it ends with an ominous message saying that as long as raqqa stands europe will continue to suffer from attacks like these . 
  the goal is admirable : make better use of the vast areas covered by asphalt . 
  but the challenges are quite high also , so it should be interesting to see if anything useful comes out of this test . 
  especially the problem with the low power yield compared with normal solar panel installations seems daunting . 
  the fact that it is expensive now does n't mean much of course because it is all on a relatively small scale . 
  fair point . 
  the assessment he makes still looks more like presidential politics though : get an outsider to avoid having to defend the cabinet . 
  i think that any leader will need to defend it . 
  i do not believe for a minute that selecting aboutaleb is somehow the only possible solution for a new election victory for ` the left ' . 
  it seems the writer is more familiar with presidential politics as opposed to the multi-party system that we have in the netherlands . 
  i do not quite understand . 
  they do not pay that much less contribution according to the article . 
  sweden pays a bit more than luxemburg also . 
  the cbs calculation does not include any assessment of how much we gain in trade to offset the eu contribution . 
  it most likely far exceeds the contribution . 
  yeah , we gain a lot from all the trade . 
  bon appetit !,
