  yes , and even a metro system :d . edit : this is my second cluj-metro joke for the day . 
  i 'm on fire !, 
  it 's not balkan rap . 
  it 's the cream of society 's filth distilled down to its very essence . 
  so you 're telling me that the entire bulgarian male population takes romanian folk music breaks during their fappathons :d, 
  you had those buses though . 
  that 's something !, 
  that border control is a motherfucker . 
  it limits traffic , and causes major delays ( which translate to higher costs ) , especialy for non-perishable goods ( which is the majority of goods coming in trough the port ) . 
  and its not just about the port per se , its the whole logistics industry , which plays a major role in the dutch economy . 
  as for germany , only a few weeks ago they have tried passing legislation ( contrary to the tfeu ) which was supposed to impose an obligation on transportation companies to pay their employees the german minimum wage/working hour for the hours spent on german territory . 
  finland is just being a dick , 
  it 's not about gangs , it 's about competition to the port of rotterdam . 
  you ai n't foolin nobody swamp german !!, 
  not realy as most of them are legal persons having the nationality of the host state , with a greek bank as a shareholder . 
  they operate in a highly regulated environment , with close supervision . 
  it sounds like a pissed off hungarian to me . . 
  how would you know that ? 
  you estonian !, 
  victor monta , is that you ? 
  that is trade deficit , not the budget deficit . 
  bitches be trippin over the budget deficit . 
  they are christian-orthodox right-wing leftists that hate gays and the social injustice of american capitalism that live in a country which invades other countries in order to protect them . 
  which part confuses you ? 
  a tribunal has already qualified the said facts as a genocide/war crime . 
  this is a political statement , and they have all the legitimacy in the world to do it . 
  increasing the minimal wage is only good for the state , as it increases the tax base . 
  in fact it reduces the ammount of money that low income employees get ( as they would otherwise receive slightly higher than minimum non-declared illegal wages ) . 
  on the long run , if it is not done in way that is coordinated with economic growth it will increase unemployment . 
  it might seem like a good measure as it increases the gdp on a short run ( due to increased consumption , either trough government spending or trough private spending by individuals who are subsidised by the government not by low income employees ), 
  i do n't recall any precedent . 
  when/where was that ? 
  you sir have have single-handedly ruined the republic !, 
  we have a lot of cathching up to do and a negative attitude wo n't help . 
  positive reinforcement fellow ee , we 're in it to win it , 
  positive prospects matter more than a static analysis of one 's material wealth when measuring happiness . 
  moderate economic groth and the fight agains corruption would be my bet . 
  france has been standing still for the last 5 years or so . 
  til that french people think that france is ( moderately ) awesome . 
  we get an island , the sea comes to bucharest and russia gets invaded ( by the black sea ) score !, 
  by the romanian nation man , they 're all about democracy , it says so on the label . 
  hate to inform you that inequality is greater in communism where the ruling elite is not only de facto wealthyer that the majority , but they are also above the law . 
  a degree of inequality is to be espected in every human society , but it is greater and much more damaging where personal freedoms and human rights are intruded ( i.e. 
  the rule of law is not respected ), 
  massive inequality in russia , the wealth does not flow downstream . 
  also it 's easy to grow when your entire economy cosists of exporting fossil fuels ( when their price is rising ) . 
  but to this day russia is unable to have a sophisticated economy that would alow the large masses escape poverty . 
  it 's a top-down autocratic country offering little perspectives for the small guy in which the rule of law is the doormat of the elites . 
  unification with russia ? 
  as if they do n't have enough problems already , 
  she is married to a syrian i think . 
  romanians were equally culturally repressed during communism . 
  a lot of them left when we lost wwii and communism ensued . 
  turks were never ill-treated in romania . 
  for example [ this ] ( http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/marea_moschee_din_constan%c8%9ba ) was built in 1910 . 
  ~ ~ blame the gays ? ~ ~ blame the eurogayfascists ? 
  do not ruin the combo !, 
  that 's why they wo n't let tr into the eu , you guys have to be mr. killjoy all the time . 
  how much for one of those ? 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , the price was there all along . 
  not bad at all comerade !, 
  there 's a major gypsy hot-spot between pitesti and c de a mate . 
  similar engines , similar extra-options , similar price range and class ( compact sedan/hatchback ) with dacia logan / skoda rapid or dacia sandero / skoda citigo . 
  you colud do a ssnip test to see if it 's the same relevant market , and i 'm willing to bet that it is . 
  source : i 'm a competition lawyer . 
  edit : also i forgot to mention dacia lodgy / skoda roomster . 
  not true - see skoda rapid . 
  dude just get back to work !, 
  give us 50 years to get on equal ground and then we 'll see who is who . 
  until then you can keep sucking yourself off fritz . 
  that horse refuses to obey the laws of newtonian physics . 
  he just skips from asteroid to asteroid without a fuck being given . 
  do n't reinforce his self-righteousness and sense of superiority . 
  when people cross the line do n't be holding bitch-slaps back , 
  if it would n't have been for germany 's self-proclaimed might and their repeted ( yet failed ) attempts at burning this world down just so that they could rule it , mybe we would have been in a better state . 
  it 's convenient that after having spent 50 years under a russian-backed communist dictatorship , paying disproportionate war reparations to the ussr after havng beed dragged into a war by your nation , you get to sit on your lovely high horse and make sweeping judgements . 
  no offence . 
  being ` mean ' has a lot of perks too , let him be . 
  nobody respects you if you 're nice 100 % of the time . 
  let them taste some flavour . 
  in o\u042fder to find proofs glo\u042fious russia must invade . 
  for justice !, 
  this man is right . 
  the bulgarian gov. 
  has even provided some [ footage of the ai horsies being tested . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/n8soc2t_ckc?t=24s ), 
  their broad and multinational beer selection is spoiling me . 
  hungary weak , romania stronk . 
  u just jelly . 
  any other point is irrelevant to the discussion . 
  i 'm not quite sure that this particular dictionary is exhaustive . 
  to me ( and this is a gamble ) ` ie ' seems to be the singular third person form of the verb ` to be ' ( este/e [ ieste/ie ] in romanian ) which would confirm the theory . 
  i 'm almoast certain that if one were do dig deeper other words for the term ` yes ' would emerge . 
  [ \u0218i descends from sic used as an adverb ] ( http://dexonline.ro/definitie/%c8%99i ) . 
  the ones on the latin origin side make the quite compelling point that it is unlikely for a language ( even under foreign influence ) to borrow a foreign word for a term as basic and common as ` yes ', 
  it was the same for latin : they used ` si es vero/si vero ' ( litteral that way it is true/right ) or ita es vero/ita vero ( l that is true/right ) . 
  vulgar latin only kept the short version si ( in western romance languages + italian ) and ( although this fact is disputed ) ita which became da ( in eastern romance languages such as romanian , istro-romanian spoken in dalmatia or aromanian in greece , macedonia and bulgaria ) . 
  some 's a little maaad . . no siesta today ? 
  he 's just mad cuz he 's the mother ( last episode twist ) and a gypsy and a construction worker ( but without a job-let us not forget that he 's still spanish ) . 
  also our names match so i reckon that we may be his long lost twin grandfathers .
