cheer up mate !, 
  have a baguette & freedom fries , you 'll feel better afterwards . 
  you can have a cookie then , 
  eu membership rule 174 : do not feed the trolls !, 
  also there 's a highway and many national/local roads connecting to hyngary . 
  where do you get your facts ? 
  is it the 19 ` th century american atlas of the wonders of the world ? 
  that would happen in ro as well . 
  there is no different legal standard for an instigator/author/co-author / accomplice . 
  and commiting a crime with a minor is an aggravating circumstance . 
  why do n't austria and hungary have any naval forces ? 
  fucking - only in austria . 
  i mean if you think about it , the way russia treats its lesser neighbours is a great depiction of the way in which the ruling elite treats common people whithin russian society . 
  oh , i 'm not blaming russia for the billion . 
  by the looks of it state incompetence , corruption and lack of modern legislation would suffice . 
  i 'm blaming russia for hanging on a territory without developing it and without giving a shit about the fate of the people inhabiting it . 
  which is ( without any intention to offend you ) a pretty good description for the way russia uses and abuses its territory and population for centuries . 
  if you look at other colonial powers they have used the massive ressources that they had access to much more wisely , spreading them out and thus creating the conditions for innovation and socio-economic evolution to take place . 
  not so with russia , it 's always been the lion 's share for the elites , and a mix of leftovers and lies for the rest . 
  and i ca n't understad why . 
  that 's what i blame russia for . 
  their economy is in shatters because it was the soviet policy that encouraged monoindustrialism as a means of locking both ukr and md into the russian sphere of influence . 
  this is because both were volatile regions , hard to keep and of major strategic importance , which is hardly the case with georgia . 
  this strategy is also highlighted by the territorial permutations that the ussr made after ww2 between md , ukraine , poland and other countries . 
  the main idea is making russia a key element , a hub for their collective and individual well-being , so as to augment its status in spite of its otherwise limited means . 
  upvote for being a good sport , 
  the czech republic sucks and your mother exchanges sexual services for financial benefits ( it 's a joke ) . 
  not only have you ruined a our romanian-only fest , but you are also an asshole . 
  that 's not true !, 
  there 's some in brussels . 
  they have pretty good mici . 
  on the downside you have to watch protv while on the premises . 
  you do n't get the north sea in this alternate universe . 
  all you get is putin . 
  staring down at you from the kremlin . 
  while biting his lips . 
  while squatting . 
  what does that have to do with anything , i do n't follow your logic . 
  is morals a relative thing theese days ? 
  i am not campaining for the others , i 'm just saying he is not part of the solution . 
  `` america did it first . . britain did it first . . '' fie fie foe fum i smell russian blood and vodka !, 
  am i right commerade ? 
  do n't go full retard man . 
  there 's killing and then there 's killing . 
  nobody wants assad in syria other then the russians and the iranians , simply because he is their puppet . 
  the time of brutal dictatorships is gone , they have proven their worth . 
  other solutions must be found . 
  so the others are just as bad , but we should just help assad because . . you like him ? 
  / you are a russian bot ? 
  no they do n't . 
  assad is a war criminal . 
  so you think that bringing back assad will solve the problem . 
  you 're so sweet . . 
  got ta love the * `` in this case '' * waiver, 
  are they talking about the old border , or the new border that goes trough kiev ? 
  while i do agree with his comment , i still firmly believe that he is indeed a cunt . 
  this is your last warning !, 
  they bite and turn you gay . 
  have you not heard the latest news , my southern neighbour ? 
  snobby comments are not appreciated . 
  once i figure out where you 're from , negative consequences will follow . 
  well supporting brutal dictatorships failed . 
  and bringing in democracy usa style . . we all know how that went . 
  there are only so many options . 
  i think that european countries ( hopefully under the eu banner ) will have to provide some sort of stabilty in their place of origin , cutting down the root of the problem . 
  whether that outcome will arrive trough direct intervention or by supporting local stability providers ( the kurds/iran/egypt / sa ) i do n't know . 
  the legislation is very restrictive . 
  you have to obtain a special permit from the ministry of culture in order to do restauration work on old buildings . 
  and the contractor must have a special licence as well . 
  this significantly increases restauration costs . 
  i lived in amsterdam for a year , so i feel you . 
  but you can get used to it . 
  40 degrees in the shade / 1 m of snow not so much . 
  no mime involved . 
  no baguette . 
  no accordion . 
  not french enough . 
  weather is a big part of it too . 
  it is much more stable in the netherlands/north-western europe . 
  they do n't get the snow/bitter cold that we get in the east , or the blistering heat during the summer ( in ro 's case , at least :d ) . 
  factor that in , and you only get about 3-4 months max of optimal cycling weather . 
  nope , all embassy cars have romanian plates with cd on them . 
  you 're not from bucharest , are you ? 
   i can also tell that you 're not because you used a picture of the lanes on calea victoriei claming they are shit when you could 've used [ this ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=pista+biciclete+bucuresti&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=971&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoamovchmijyzbgj29xwivxloach2nmq6y#imgrc=bf0b_hecs-ymtm%3a ), 
  cd - corpul diplomatic + who else would use a citroen as an embassy car ? 
  notice the french embassy 's car parked on the cycle lane like an asshole . 
  damn foreigners ^ nationalism ^ intensifies, 
  what people want is not what people need . 
  exactly , the eu is the solution ( the only one for that matter ) , not the problem . 
  and this is mostly because national governments are ill-equipped and unmotivated ( thier voters are only nationals ) to tackle transnational issues . 
  vicious cycle --  crisis --  something will eventualy have to be done, 
  yes , clearly a romanian bear . 
  in bucharest for that kind of money you can only get a nice 3 room apt . 
  no pool , no back yard , no dead moose on the wall :( . . 
  you get an in-door pool for just 150 k ? 
  0_0 where do i sign up ? 
  your space program . 
  keep it up , 
  wish i could say that :'(, 
  he just mistranslated the romanian word ( atac cibernetic ) into english .
