  there 's no such thing as neutral . 
  once you reach a certain size , be it economic , territorial or demografic , you will start pissing people off . 
  - be careful what you wish for - the saying goes . . 
  they bitch about us & we bitch about them . 
  such is life ... 
  oh , i missed that , i was just reacting to the misogynist part :d, 
  well how else do you expect us to be gay-fascists ? 
  women simply can not be involved in running the place if we are to keep our rep. 
  be more specific . 
  give us a list and state the reasons in each particular case . 
  then please explain how come in your view the mere fact that a country is `` destabilized '' justifies a russian landgrab . 
  [ wolverines !!!, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/1_i4wgbfetc?t=1m41s ), 
  helping them build planes and bringing the light of knowledge to the uneducated yankee masses i presume . . 
  how do you feel about your salary being cut , now that putin 's short on cash ? 
  be honest . 
  i wanted to say that communism did have its perks . 
  but then estonia ruined it . . 
  boom - non reformatio in pejus - he got lawyerd, 
  spot on :d, 
  this does n't seem shady at all . . 
  why not collecting spanish unemployment while living with your moms . 
  go big or go home . 
  no , but the kind suggestion in that one should gratify oneself before a map of transilvania is . 
  hey man , budapest is like the world cup , if we occupy it the third time , we get to keep it . 
  practice your romanian & learn to behave in public . 
  yes , but you might get invaded ( again ) . 
  i 'm trying to prevent it . 
  they are mobilising as we speak . . r/trusk89 is very influential apparently . . 
  if you want to make a point , you can do it whithout being rude . 
  well i do certainly hope that one day you will find in yourself the power to forgive me . . 
  precisely , only no music , just fucking . 
  this a set up competition that we are bound to win : ` futu-\u021bi moa\u0219-ta pe ghea\u021b\u0103 ' = fuck your nurse ( the woman that traditionally helped your mom deliver you ) on ice . 
  now beat that . . 
  thx captain killjoy . 
  ai n't nothing like american optimism !, 
  catholic preists do a lot of fucking as well , from what i 've heard . . , 
  we are not in the position to [ lecture ] ( http://www2.rosa.ro/index.php/ro/ ) them :'(, 
  that was the commercial state-owned fleet , not the navy . 
  i love you from the bottom of my heart !, 
  the iss is in quite a low orbit : ap 416 km , pe 409 km . 
  [ sauce ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_space_station ), 
  that pinnacle of human engineering can not complete without some magic water . 
  there are 99 things that i do n't have , but potato ai n't one . 
  only if we get the mexicans to pay for it . 
   a shia labeouf movie ( ... )  it 's not famous enough i found your problem . 
  it certainly looks like bucharest from a n to s perspective . 
  i estimate a 79.23 % probability . 
  europe using antitrust legislation to protect the tech interests of its citizens . 
  [ this needs to stawhp !!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dksspztzes0 ), 
  try crossing it and see what happends . 
  pls send photos . 
  he 's aaight . . 
  dated a chick from iceland ( given your population , you most likely know her so i wo n't give any names  . 
  i like you guys , coolest nordic language ever , it sounds like something out of lotr . 
   my little town it 's not the size of the boat , it 's the motion of the ocean . 
  it 's from latin , and it means hen , roman slang for peenus , for just as a hen it rests atop 2 eggs . 
  haha !, 
  germanic language speakers tend to assume i speak italian , slavic speakers go for french . 
  people who have a latin background tend to recognise the language . 
  everybody else is clueless , except for hungarians - they always know !, 
  africa just goes on and on and on and on, 
  nailed it my southern comrade in twitchness . 
  i 've always wandered why romania has a river flotilla . . now i know , 
  short term satisfaction = long term self-destruction ( all rights reserved , in case you ever want to print t-shirts ) , but satisfaction nonetheless . 
  also , do people in their 40 's send dick pics ? 
  live and learn . . 
  indeed . 
  i truly hope he 'll keep us posted on the situation as it unfolds . 
  because gym and life are hard . 
  this is easy and satisfying . 
  we 're all programed to favour the latter . 
  [ enjoy the ride  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6oyduomywi ), 
  he went full rt. 
  poor compared to usa or sweden , not your shitstain of a country . 
  would you say that there are more , or less than 50 ? 
  firstly , you just compared an socio-economic organisation with a military alliance . 
  secondly , leaving the eu would have cataclismic effects on all the economies of its ( in your version former ) member states . 
  i will not embark on writing a thesis explaining you why the eu is a necessity , but i will just provide an illustrative example . 
  eu anti-trust/competition rules which protect eu consumers from multinational corporations , which could not be enforced in the absence of a powerfull jursidiction , whoose sanctions can pose a real threat to them . 
  just look up cases such as google , glaxosmith kline , mastercard , and see what i mean . 
  now imagine what course thoses cases would have followed if they had been undertaken by romanian , swedish or even german authorities by themselves . 
  european nations are small and carry no punch in today 's world . 
  if we dismantle the eu in 50 years we will become marginal and irrelevant , and your grandkids , togeder with hans ' and pierre 's will learn chinese , in order to improve their chances of landing a plumbing job in beijing . 
  your statement is wrong in so many ways . . 
  you need therapy . 
  exactly , from a security perspective india might just as well be on another planet , while from a comercial perspecctive it is situated at the crossroads of internationa sea trade . 
  not to mention the amount of fertile land at its disposal and a climate that does not require an authoritarian top-down regime in order to distribute ressources . 
  can confirm . 
  russia can not become a democracy with a free-market economy and the rule of law ( in the western sense , at least ) due to its geographic position , size and ethnic makeup . 
  if they tried to implement such reforms , the country would just start breaking apart due to the centrifugal tendencies of its components ( as it began to do in the 90 's ) , with unpredictable consequences for both the russian society and world stability and peace . 
  unfortunately one ca n't make the same statement with regard to the window cleaners . 
  such an understatement ... 
  it 's like she had signed a pact with the devil to make her hot , but without having a lawyer to check it beforehand . 
  live and learn ... 
  [ this was me biking down on leidsestraat where the two tram lines merge into 1 . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/jj6qldkdkiw?t=55s ), 
  do n't you ever say that about gordon gekko !, 
  i hope they pay you a good price for your future , mate !,
