  trucks are currently held up for days at the ro-hu border , artificially inflating the costs of transport, 
  aaaaand potential competition for the port of rotterdam . 
  [ haha ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-yye_ctgub40/t1uscquo9ii/aaaaaaaakwk/uc9qddamhwa/s400/simpsons-haha.gif ), 
  if gasprom is found to have infringed article 102 of the treaty on the fuctioning of the eu they may be fined up to 10 % of their annual turnover ( decision which they can afterwards challenge in court ) . 
  assets and accounts wil be frozen by the national fiscal authorities in each member state . 
  unwillingness to enforce the said decision will be considered a breach of that respective 's state treaty obligations . 
  it too will be fined ( an ammount which is correspondent to its gdp and other economical criteria ) and in the extreme its political rights in the union may be suspended . 
  and feed them eco-friendly milk and honey . 
  if you 're from japan your vote is not binding . 
  all the time . 
  and i feel sorry for them , cuz i know that it will dry up and they will remain stranded :(, 
  there will be shortcomings , and both sides will try to get an edge , so there will also be conflicts , but this is the way the world is heading . 
  having a formal trade agreement , a basic common legal framework is necessary for the future of our economies ( much like the existence of the eu or to some extent the existence of the nation-state before it ) . 
  it 's not a political choice , it 's an economic necesity . 
  the alternative is isolationism , followed by protectionism , followed by downfall . 
  you speak the truth . 
  a spirit shall be summoned , the only [ spirit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjqvlvhsff8 ) that can unite our divided nations . 
  ice-cream shall also be served . 
  the uk should be divided into 8 concentric regions using soda preferences as the base criterion . 
  also the ones in the centre should never be allowed to wear sandals in the proximity of red haired horses . 
  totally agree about the boring part , both of our countries should come together in a meeting and decide to collectively pick on a third party ( let 's say iceland , or palau ) . 
  a lot of them are hard working people , but in most cases they lack education , as they generally come from the poor areas of the country . 
  it 's comparable to the situation of italian immigrants to the us a 100 years ago . 
  whet they come back most of them are changed beyond measure ( in a good way ) , so good job italy for turning them around . 
  he is right , but it must have taken them 500 years to get here . 
  being late . . such a gypsy thing to do . . 
  than it is settled . 
  we shall sacrifice her to the gods of love and her virgin blood will wash away the hatred , paving the way to 10000 years of friendship and mutual trust . 
  it 's like a time-travel movie , just roll with the scenario . . 
  that 's the `` go to '' pro-russian argument : america did it !, 
  russia commited crimes agains american natives too , you know ? 
  well played  . 
  but most of it was spanish . 
  and some of it french . 
  and some other part of it russian . 
  i can say whatever the fuck i want mate . 
  i 'm not representing anyone but myself . 
  do you only take criticism from the vatican ? 
  nobody asked money from america and the common defence policy under nato is an obligation ( like paying taxes ) not an act of good will . 
  when the us invaded afghanistan , romania did n't intervene out of generosity , as i can assure you that all that money could have found a much better use . 
  as far as america goes , i could n't agree more . 
  hell if america did n't exist , you would be living in a commie hellhole comerade . 
  britain 's contribution to geopolitical developments in the post 1943 world is irrelevant to say the least . 
  britain as you think it is exists no more and will never return regardless of how many gratuitous insults you can post on internet forums . 
  you are sacrificing blood and treasure because america told you so . 
  quit bragging about it . 
  that 's inconvenient . 
  but such is life . 
  this lovely [ place ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house ) . 
  do n't spend it all on vodka !, 
  well at least you 're a nice guy , and seem to have a rather positive attitude toward constructive criticism . 
  you have that going for you . 
  best of luck in the future and keep up the bad work !, 
  that 's because it 's the only rating system that makes their country come out on top . 
  his phrasing clearly suggests that france and britain are the ones to blame for the scenario that ensued . 
  i dissagree , there are plenty of things that one could do . 
  for starters putin could hire people that are more qualified and intelligent than you , in his attmpt of shifting western views on russia . 
  how did invading eastern moldova and bucovina prevent that ? 
  or occupying eastern poland for that matter ? 
  no geografical barriers , no nothing , just plain cuntish imperialism . 
  let me rephrase it for him : so the ussr had no choice but to invade poland ? 
  and neutral romania 1 year later ? 
  is that what they tell you ? 
  this was awesome , thanks , 
  i 've met some swedish girls in my life and my bet is on feminist anger . 
  i wish . . i just watch it on tv . 
  that thing is like rugby on crack . 
  australian football and competitive drinking ( but that 's just me ) . 
  all exhibitionists in romania have hot chicks man , not just the corrupt ones . 
  that 's just how we roll . . 
  there 's some indignation in romania , but not at nordic levels . 
  he 's mostly regarded as a court buffoon with us , the kings , paying the bills for his extravagant mischief . 
  and then , when the joke gets old , jail happends . 
  yeah , he 's sort of in jail now . 
  so there 's that . 
  we had all that back in the day as well mate if you replace usa with ussr . 
  apparently he does n't and he 's jelly . 
  there 's no point in reasoning with people like that guy . 
  they do n't respond well to facts . 
  god damn it you beat me to it !, 
  yeah , like back when europeans exterminated the entire native-american population to expand their territory westward . . oh wait !, 
  we all suck mate . 
  if africans or native-americans would have somehow developed their technology faster than the europeans did they would have done the same . 
  can confirm , romanian desert camo uniform . 
  big deal !, 
  been there done [ that ] ( http://www.peterhfrank.com/political-corruption-in-romania-the-dna-database/ ), 
  i was thinking more in the lines of kepler 186f with some russian-speaking space blobs on it , that require protection from mother russia #\u043e\u0434\u0438\u043d \u043d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434 !, 
  glad to see that even in this parallel universe romania and hungary are still neighbours . 
  life would n't be the same without you , our horse-riding , mustache flaunting , occasionally right-wing buddies !, 
  bffs 4 ever < 3, 
  [ corruption --  freedom exchange ] ( https://youtu.be/irfluamkooy?t=18s ), 
  what planet is that ? 
  are you a bitter frenchie or just a regular putinbot ( in wich case it 's cool , everyone 's got ta make a living ) . 
  their jokes were getting kinda old anyway . . better end it while still on top . 
  look closer to see what i did there . 
  sex in six is swedish . 
  learn something everyday . . 
  he makes enough to buy vodka . 
  such is life ... 
  civ 5 is always right !!,
