  that 's a fantasy . 
  eta : i 'd be interested to hear in more detail exactly why you think the us is on the brink of becoming totalitarian , as you say you have real experience living in a totalitarian society . 
  yes , that 's what gun owners like to believe . 
  they 're the `` good guys '' protecting the rest of us pansies from the big , bad government that would go third reich in an instant , if only they could . 
  obama crouches in fear at the well-trained revolutionaries who would spring up to save us all at a moment 's notice . 
  such heroes . 
  none of this has anything to do with my point , by the way . 
  cops are heavily armed and militarized because they feel they have to be when anyone they meet could have a gun . 
  so we get a police state . 
  nice self-fulfilling prophecy . 
   brainwashed sheep infowars is that way ----- , 
  a big element of the problem that no americans want to address is the ubiquity of firearms . 
  racism is a huge factor , but the police are constantly operating under the knowledge that literally anyone , anywhere could pull a gun out of their pants and open fire . 
  well , yes . 
  `` all the time '' is a pretty clear-cut claim . 
  historically , it * has * gotten tremendously better in terms of frequency and associated violence . 
  34 people were killed and literally thousands injured in the watts riots in 1965 , for example . 
  none of this is to say what 's happening is good or should be accepted . 
  the militarization is particularly terrifying . 
  what makes ferguson the most remarkable is that this is the first good , long look america is getting at how out of control our police state really is . 
  not really . 
  the last major racial event like this was [ in oakland in 2009 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bart_police_shooting_of_oscar_grant#aftermath ) . 
  five years is n't really `` all the time . '', 
  are you referring to individual race-related incidences ? 
  because those do happen constantly , e.g. 
  a white guy who recently blew some black girl away because she knocked on his door too hard in the middle of the night . 
  mass events like this are pretty rare nowadays compared to what happened in america in the 60s or the 1910s . 
  republicans still harp on it . 
  o'reilly is obsessed with things being `` french '' because that apparently means it 's elitist or `` better-than-thou '' or what have you . 
  that minority exists , you 're right , but he 's talking to 60-year-old americans . 
  i wonder where this francophobia came from for people of that age . 
  why are the french snobby elitists if you 're a 70-year-old from ohio ? 
  i do n't know any younger people who think that way . 
  fortunately , it 's dying fast . 
  yeah , that smoke stack really looks like something you 'd see in the american midwest . 
  / u/4ringcircus is being a bit of a dick s/he 's right . 
  the fries were only renamed in some cafeteria in washington , d.c. no one talked it about it other than as a funny news story in the rest of the country . 
  it was a big hit as a daily show story but it 's not like every mcdonald 's changed its menu . 
  i ate plenty of french fries in 2003 , and they were called french fries . 
  i was politically aware ten years ago and all i remember are freedom fries and 24-hour news mockery of france . 
  it did n't seem to be anyone other than pundits and random no-name congresspeople , though . 
  was there more ? 
  i lived in seattle when the war started and the pacific northwest is very , um , lefty . 
  so no one i knew said anything bad about the french not wanting to get involved . 
  maybe i was out of the loop . 
   if you insist , we can overlook the fact that more than half of american stem degrees are awarded to foreigners , or that more than half of phd students in america are foreign born . 
  ... that would be because the us has the best universities in the world . 
  of course people are coming from other countries . 
  and we do n't mind at all , as many of them stay . 
   and on and on and on . 
  your turn . 
  will do !, 
   the whole manhattan project as already mentioned , oppenheimer and feynman ? 
  yeah , born in america . 
   tesla not nearly as influential as edison -- born in america . 
   google founded by two people ... one of whom , born in america . 
   nazi rocket scientists well no shit . 
  they were nazi rocket scientists . 
  you think americans are running around claiming nazi rocket scientists were not nazis ? 
   the hairdryer now we 're really stretching . 
   hollywood yeah , in 1925 . 
  try to update your references . 
   automatic transmission ( is there anything more `` american '' ? ), 
  i 've no idea how this is more `` american . '', 
  you have a really big chip on your shoulder about automatic transmission ? 
  perhaps you have other issues to tackle in your life . 
   electric cars i 've never even heard americans claim this . 
  three seconds on google tells me the english and french were making them 100 years ago . 
  now you 're just making shit up . 
  is this because tesla cars are popular now ? 
  yeah , that does n't mean people think tesla invented the electric car . 
  let 's move away from bullshit like hairdryers to things that matter . 
  3d printing - invented by chuck hull , born in america the barcode - invented by woodland & silver , born in america the cash register - invented by ritty & birch , born in america dna computing - proof of concept by adleman , born in america hypertext - invented by engelbart , born in america and so on and blah blah . 
  to be honest , you seem to have a bug up your ass about americans , which is fine . 
  i 've never met anyone under 30 who chanted `` usa ! '', 
  unironically . 
  particularly since bush , rabid patriotism and `` we 're # 1 ! '', 
  bullshit is n't all that popular anymore . 
  but your statement that people are n't resentful about america ? 
  of course they are . 
  any country that flaunts its army around the world and strongarms economies is going to create bitterness . 
   what i 've never understood about americans is why criticism of capitalism is so damn taboo in your society it 's not that hard to understand , particularly considering the leaders of government and finance in the united states remember the cold war very clearly . 
  capitalism has long been inextricably tied with the american way of life \u2122 here , especially among older people . 
  socialism is not as bad of a word as it used to be , though . 
  twenty years ago you were an all-out radical if you even mentioned it . 
  now it 's much more common to describe yourself that way than it once was . 
  we still have a long ways to go . 
  ... as opposed to listening to forbes . 
  sweet irony . 
  but you really did try . 
  a six day old account with -111 karma . 
  jesus , give it a rest already . 
  this is a thread about hungary and you somehow manage to worm your america-obsession into it out of nowhere . 
  that 's kind of it . 
  i 'm not sure how this guy thinks racial slurs are somehow separate from racism . 
  they 're * racial * slurs . 
  they 're `` easy '' in his words because they 're race-based , not character-based or action-based . 
  that 's the entire definition of racism : ignoring the character and actions of an individual and treating them differently because of their race . 
  it 's also possible racism is approached differently in sweden , so who knows . 
  that 's hardly universal .
