alain delon is the sexiest man to walk the earth . 
  the french have killed more of isis via bombing than the americans , to my knowledge . 
  yeah , you may be right . 
  the voting public does n't reflect reality and the `` voting public '' is usually older folks . 
  we have the same problem in the states and i 'm sure you do , too . 
  it 'll be interesting to see the younger generation 's reaction to all of this . 
  i think i see what you mean . 
  i think that economic certainty trumped political division . 
  gut feelings are gut feelings -- i 'm american and we react to that bullshit all the time . 
  the scots wisely took a broader stance and saw what would come and the effects of it . 
  gut feelings are n't always good policy , and they wo n't always make people now feel more secure and have jobs later . 
  it 's a thin line to walk . 
  do you think the idealism of the under 35s trumps the economic realism of those older ? 
  it seems scottish independence is way more complicated than people seem to think , but i may be wrong . 
  that 's my point . 
  economically it seems the union is the best answer . 
  popularly , union is the best answer -- that 's what won the vote . 
  your question is a bit more philosophical than that , though , so i 'm not sure where you 're going with it . 
  i see what you 're saying . 
  it 's a larger issue of westminster not being responsive to the rest of the uk . 
  i 've no idea how anyone can trump the dominance of london . 
  i wonder how many well-meaning activists this will depress , who will go on to get post-grad english degrees and say fuck it because one campaign failed . 
  do they need to be ? 
  is it unlucky if a clear majority vote for it ? 
  or are you being facetious about cameron ? 
  i have no dog in this fight , just curious . 
  hopefully the opposite . 
  i wo n't pretend to be an expert about this at all , but i think this referendum in and of itself is a clear sign of discontent . 
  whether or not there will be any response , who knows . 
  i know plenty of limeys also complain about the dominance of london , how northern england is ignored , etc. 
  it seems this may be part of a larger problem but feel free to correct me . 
  who 's `` your '' ? 
  you 're responding to a swedish dude . 
  they go to hawaii , which is exotic , or the bahamas because they 're close . 
  america is so far away from everything and isolated that many do n't travel far at all . 
  hollywood portrays elite dreams , not what people do . 
  most ca n't take off work long enough to go to vegas , let alone istanbul . 
  yeah , i 'm from the midwest too . 
  after i got home from a trip to china i asked my rural-livin ' minnesotan uncle if he 'd ever want to visit asia or europe . 
  his answer was , `` why ? 
  i 've got everything i want to see right here in america . '', 
  i just sighed . 
  germans are the largest ethnic group in america , so it 's not really a surprise . 
  if you put the op question to people in the midwest who had never been out of the country , i would n't be surprised at all if germany was the most common answer . 
  i only watched season one of the wire , but how can anyone think that 's a rich and exciting cultural environment ? 
  it 's scarily accurate when it comes to how terrifying baltimore street crime can be . 
  the cops are miserable drunks . 
  there 's nothing glamorous about the show at all . 
   you 'd think the chinese people would have at least a tiny amount of gratitude to the us for saving them from a horrible occupation . 
  i lived and worked in china for a few years and asked someone about this . 
  apparently , they 're taught the russians did most of the work to fight off the japanese . 
  not surprising considering communism etc. 
  so that explains that . 
  only the brain-cooked would equate living in a culture-less hellscape with `` strength . '', 
  thanks for demonstrating for the world why arizona is a joke on par with florida . 
  you did good , son . 
  az is an infernal hellscape ten months out of the year . 
  humans should not be living here . 
  i have little doubt the heat has cooked people 's brains , hence us being second only to florida for wingnuts and batshit politics . 
  i have to say , i cracked up when i opened the only `` comment score below threshold '' and it was this guy going off on ashton * again * . 
  jesus , just shut up . 
  yeah , cases like the one i described are not institutional at all . 
  i suppose i brought up something race-related but not related to / u/llehsadam 's point . 
  i do n't know if you 're on twitter but they 're doing a terrible job of censorship . 
  #ferguson is all over the place with thousands of retweets per picture or post . 
  it 's nearly impossible to avoid . 
  you seem a bit paranoid on that count . 
  was there an entire news network dedicated to opposing the government in power with millions of viewers , ranked number one in cable news for years , in the ussr ? 
  really ? 
  i know the us has killed its own citizens for being enemy combatants . 
  this does n't equal totalitarianism . 
  i do n't think we 're going to change each other 's minds . 
  dissidence  guns . 
  the former is far more ingrained in the american consciousness , left , right , and center . 
  interesting talking to you . 
  again , you make some good points . 
  i do n't know nearly enough about czech or swiss gun laws or gun cultures to knowledgeably argue about that . 
  let me touch on the totalitarian aspect . 
  totalitarianism requires complete and utter subservience to the state . 
  that 's not happening in america ; the very existence of twitter , an american company , where tens of thousands of people are tweeting and retweeting witness statements , pictures , and videos and the state does nothing to stop it proves that . 
  independent ( and not-so-independent ) media does the same . 
  the fact that alex jones still walks the earth . 
  or , more meaningfully , noam chomsky . 
  these people are not being taken out and shot , whether you agree with them or not . 
  dissidence -- informed or ridiculous -- is widespread . 
  states have been taking out people worldwide forever . 
  disappearing foreign nationals is a matter of course for the us , as terrible as it is , but it has happened with european collusion in plenty of instances . 
  i do n't see the connection between that and domestic state subservience , or genuine totalitarianism . 
  the american government is corrupt and overreaches constantly , but there will never be a full-blown dictatorship . 
  the country is too divided . 
  i do n't know how much you know about domestic american politics , but the very existence of fox news -- evil , but endlessly railing against the government and party in power -- sets to bed the idea that america is totalitarian in any real sense right now . 
  i do n't see that changing . 
  some good points . 
  american police , however , do not wait for someone to come out in the morning . 
  they set up a perimeter and a stand-off ensues , with snipers and all . 
  this happens all the time . 
  my only point is against the idea that guns are the main thing standing between us and totalitarianism is wrong on its face . 
  the ubiquity of guns in america * leads * to a more heavily armed and wary police force . 
  it does n't guard against one . 
  i also think it 's ridiculous to believe that the american government -- as fucked as it is -- could turn into genuine totalitarianism at any moment if only it were n't for those pesky gun owners .
