  if someone dislikes you and uses your race to mock you , it may be ... because of your race . 
  i 'm not sure how you can assume people only use someone 's race mockingly because it 's easy and not because they 're racist . 
  why are n't both possible ? 
  why not both ? 
   using racial slurs is different from being racist . 
  please elaborate . 
  delicious veal of delusion . 
  you went from `` literally every family was happy '' to `` i have some family that claims life was 10 times easier . '', 
  kind of a big leap , do n't you think ? 
  relevant username . 
  sure . 
  there are formal military salutes and gestures of respect . 
  i just wanted to clarify . 
  the image of 50,000 people standing up and making a formal military salute to the american flag during the national anthem is too much even for us . 
  it 's partly that , partly our lack of history , and partly our patchwork heritage . 
  almost everyone here is from somewhere else and nationalism is a unifying force . 
  it 's an effective stand-in for the lack of a shared past . 
  does n't seem like canada , australia , or new zealand have the same issue . 
  our revolution and need to be seen as independent and `` as-good-as '' the old powers may have something to do with it , too . 
  this is absurdly reductive . 
  you are not responsible at birth to do or represent anything ; you had no choice in what your ethnicity , nationality , or religion would be . 
  why would you be responsible for it ? 
  this goes doubly so if you 're not even israeli and ca n't affect israeli policy . 
  just by virtue of being born a jew does n't make you any more responsible for israel 's actions than being born hindi or christian . 
  the amusing part of your post is the apparent belief that any random jew could just knock on an israeli embassy door and say , `` hey . 
  stop it . '', 
  the cia was behind enough shit in the 20th century that they 're always going to be perceived as lurking in the shadows of every major geopolitical event for a long time . 
  it does n't matter how asinine it sounds . 
   does n't it mean you do n't believe something when you `` call bullshit ? '', 
  it was possible everyone around you was also military , i suppose . 
  still struck me as bullshit but never say never . 
  people may have cried for whatever reason . 
   but yes , i agree , it was excessive and struck me as weird . 
  in my country we would n't involve military , guards etc. 
  at a sports game . 
  i think that 's par for the course in almost all countries . 
  from what i 've read , the national anthem and connection between sports and the military started with baseball around world war i and has stuck around ever since . 
  i did n't say i do n't believe it . 
  it 's just that we do n't salute so i assumed you were mistaken . 
  as for crying , as i said , who knows . 
  honor guards at sporting events have always been a bit much for me , personally . 
   everyone got up and saluted as a woman then sang the national anthem a capella . 
  calling bullshit on this unless `` everyone '' was in the military . 
  you put your hand over your heart during the national anthem . 
  you do n't salute unless you 're military . 
  is that what you meant ? 
  i 've also never seen people cry during the national anthem at any sporting event , ever . 
  but who knows . 
  yeah , we 've got the whole heroic war thing pretty sewn up in the west . 
  maybe the world . 
  can you blame him ? 
  that counts for my tea party grandma misspelling a word on a placard . 
  that does not count for , in your words , something that `` flips a switch and nationalism will be full steam ahead . '', 
  calling obama a communist or a socialist did n't stop him from getting re-elected , did it ? 
  your own argument falls flat on its face . 
  you 're imagining that communist is the worst possible thing you can be called in america . 
  which is what you said . 
  shift the goal posts all you like . 
  no one under 35 even remember the cold war . 
  i 've never heard anyone call anyone else `` communist '' who was n't being ironic . 
  hell , barely anyone even calls obama communist for that reason . 
  they call him a `` socialist . '', 
  it 's really fascinating how terribly some of you understand american political culture . 
  like it 's perpetually 1986 . 
  the us congress is 90 percent male and 87 percent white . 
  stating the us government `` oppresses white people '' is loony to the point of conspiracy . 
  not a hard thing to infer . 
  it looks like you may need several in the uk depending on what you plan to do and where you live . 
  https://www.gov.uk/browse/business/licences am i missing something ? 
  there 's literally a kfc double down in that picture . 
  it 's clearly a joke . 
  we like our fast food here but we do n't put pictures of it on our desktops ffs . 
  you 're right . 
  you missed my point . 
  i think this is the key point . 
  americans define diversity on ethnicity because we 're a patchwork nation of immigrants . 
  naturally , europeans will look at diversity in a completely different way . 
  there 's very little overlap so there 's little mutual intelligibility when we discuss it . 
  as a side note , i 'm wondering why taco bell has been brought up by like five different europeans in this thread . 
  mcdonald 's too cliche now or what ? 
  it 's a video game set in chicago . 
  i have to imagine you knew what kind of response this thread would get from some people when you posted it . 
  what did you expect ? 
  just stop while you 're ahead . 
  bush signed the us-iraq status of forces agreement in 2008 . 
  the last american troops left iraq at the end of 2011 . 
  that 's a very slow `` kicking out . '', 
  you 30-ruble army people should at least try to be * partially * informed . 
  perhaps he was referring to european sentiment about being sick of americans being at war . 
  joe biden 's nuts but he 's a delaware liberal . 
  hard to be more different than the stereotype `` voice '' you 're trying to be clever with , much less the picture . 
  let 's be honest -- she 's not a fantastic writer and never was . 
  she 's great at world-building and crafting a plot , but she 's not a prose stylist or anything . 
  she 's not on twain 's level . 
  she wo n't be read in 100 years . 
  i love her books but they 're pulp and she never pretended otherwise . 
  go back to tumblr . 
  the most massive waves of immigration to america at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century were a good while after all of that happened to the american indians . 
  the indian removal act was signed in 1830 . 
  the us did n't freak out about quotas for irish immigrants until the 1920s .
