  i sincerely hope you were being sarcastic . 
  someone get cgpgrey on this . 
   irregardless you used this word while meaning ` regardless ' . 
  i think it 's best not to use it . 
  i miss him . 
  makes sense . 
  you do n't wan na have a rotting corpse in a well . 
  those are n't even details , this is common knowledge and principles of the eu . 
  not quite . 
  as i recall , half of the us states did n't suffer from 40 years of backwards development as a soviet satellite . 
  or some bizarre color from the plant or animal kingdom , such as salmon or orchid . 
  it 's a way of saying `` you ca n't have the cake and eat it too '' . 
  people are very quick to criticize globalism all the while enjoying all of its benefits . 
  globalism is dominant because of the power it conglomerates . 
  any movement that rejects globalism will ultimately shoot itself in the foot by rejecting advantages stemming from globalism . 
  for instance , if every single eu country decided it wants to go its own way , it will only increase the influence other global powers have in europe : china , russia , usa , and turkey . 
  holy shit , you 're right . 
  i had no idea how crazy that sub is . 
  i also think so . 
  even the way he frames the danger of her being elected is somehow clouded by their bipartisan system . 
  the voting system alone is enough to safeguard france against fringe candidates . 
  the media , however , want a race , and a looming danger . 
  they do all they can to pump up the worst possible candidate , just to catch attention . 
  they want an even race , even if the other candidate is an utter moron . 
  yeah , but most of them are rectangles , and pretty arbitrary . 
  they should be named the same way they name their streets , by using numbers . 
  it 's the hate campaign of the media that really caused this mess in the first place . 
  i think most people did n't care about the eu prior to the brexit discussion . 
  he was born in the land which today is called ukraine . 
  just because the country was under the rule larger empire , doesnt mean he was n't from ukraine . 
  it might have been a province , but still . 
  quoting wikipedia :  in one of his last letters he wrote : `` kind , dear compatriots ... 
  i ask you to believe in the sense of my devotion and endless regret that i ca n't move to live to in a sweet , joyful ukraine ... loving you from the childhood , ilya repin '' . 
  painter was buried by the `` chuguyev 's hill '' , a place at the end of his property in penates . 
  israeli redditors seem to have been using this argument for quite some time . 
  israel likes to polarize people . 
  great heroes get to be called righteous among the nations ( righteous in favour of jews , of course ) , while anyone who wants to fairly criticize israel gets to be called an antisemite , banned to enter the country , like norman finkelstein , recently featured on the frontpage on reddit . 
  many european countries that abstained also did it mostly to avoid angering their uncle sam . 
  there are not many brown people in poland ... so even if the guy was brown , hardly anyone 's reputation would be in danger as a result . 
  incidentally , that 's what we do to our dogs !, 
  in all fairness , i think you 're right . 
  geez , i 'm not advocating the death penalty , and certainly not through the means of a guillotine or axe . 
  with people like you , we ca n't even use a fucking hyperbola . 
  okay now , whose head is going to be chopped off for this ? 
  someone should take the fucking responsibility . 
  too bad it 's so inefficient . 
  storing excess energy in water is a lot more economically feasible , and far less explosive . 
  all you need is two water containers , a height difference , and electrical drives/turbines . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  you ca n't just deny a claim on the base of being not politically correct . 
  america used to be a secular ~ ~ country ~ ~ government , and now it 's full of christian bigots . 
  why ? 
  because every new wave of immigrants were christians . 
  americans even forgot they put ` god ' on their money a mere 60 years ago . 
  thank you for this post . 
  americans and their silly date formats . 
  the point about religion being the reason is bs . 
  if anything , it 's the piety of turks that 's the problem . 
  this so-called `` christian '' europe consists in very large parts of non-practicing people , lukewarm agnostics and atheists . 
  how often do we hear some of the louder among the muslims demanding their sharia to be recognized as law ? 
  a few times too often for the public to accept turkey with open hands . 
  the true reasons are economic . 
  the eu has already expanded a lot . 
  it should wait a bit unless we want this bubble to burst . 
  oh but there are : you 're free to express your own opinion , but you ca n't spread slanderous information about others . 
  in germany , you can protest on the streets ( once you get a permit ) as a maoist , a communist , or whoever you want , but not a neonazi . 
  you 're free to talk with people on the internet , but places such as / r/jailbait get the hammer . 
  in the ever so ridiculous usa , money became free speech , which led to legalization of bribes , essentially . 
  this is not a binary issue . 
  personally , i think freedom of speech in europe and / r/europe should include the freedom to be racist . 
  long live racist rights !, 
  which include a subset of freedom of speech , incidentally . 
  that 's actually a very good point . 
  too bad the community here is so pc , there 's no place for a mere joke , 
  you 're right , it 's 20 % of total spending , albeit 60 % of discretionary spending of the government . 
  mandatory spending is mostly social security and healthcare from what i gather . 
  america is already very authoritarian . 
  if your national us id entailed some sort of free ice cream deal , people would flock to get it . 
  i mean really . 
  give it any function and people will use it . 
  you forgot about the part that your country is obscenely rich . 
  it more than makes up for all the stuff you mentioned . 
  the us government just has to stop wasting 60 % of its entire budget on the military . 
  i have trouble imagining that turkey jailed more journalists than china because of the sheer population ratio . 
  maybe china is better at hiding their stats . 
  you do have a point there . 
  taking all moral issues aside ( social justice etc ) , this move will have little to no effect on the budget balance . 
  people who earn more than a million euro are the same people who can figure out how not to pay taxes . 
  but the populace will feel as if the govt . 
  did at least * something * . 
  okay , so imagine now 10 people . 
  9 of them earn $ 1000/mo , the last one earns 1mil/mo . 
  the 9 poor fucks pay a 10 % tax , which amounts to $ 900 every month . 
  clearly , by your logic , if the last one pays something like a couple hundred bucks everything will be hunky dory ? 
  how else can you call an act of willful passivity ? 
  the politicians were all thinking `` maybe they wo n't go our way , oh please oh please let them be satisfied with the eastern lands . '', 
  after the invasion of poland , there was no reaction from the uk and france ( [ relevant wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) ) . 
  that declaration was void and meaningless . 
  hitler could walk around in denmark and make sweden silently support germany . 
  war brings the best and the worst out of people .
