  you can send a squad of hitmen to the other side of the planet to get rid of insurgents . 
  never before in history of mankind was this possible . 
  our laws govern * every aspect of life * . 
  it 's unprecedented . 
  17th century man would be terrified by the intensity and reach of government control . 
  in the past there are many great individuals who sparked revolutions . 
  moral , religious , scientific , political ... they were hunted down and executed for their views . 
  sometimes they did n't mind that , having a heroic attitude , ideals larger than life . 
  today , a government can shut you up before you have your views heard . 
  historically , scientists were always trying to work * despite * the state . 
  many people with new , unconventional ideas about the world have been burned , coerced and subdued . 
  once science was able to deliver new fantastic weaponry and means of control , it was tamed and put on a leash . 
  today , science is a tool in the hands of governments and companies . 
  how many scientists work at l'oreal ? 
  far more than we need . 
  it does n't matter much whether something is publicly or privately owned . 
  powerful entities such as large corporations continue to consolidate their power further and further . 
  a single person can do absolutely nothing about it ; not can an entire society , in fact . 
  four banks own 60 % of the financial sector in america . 
  banks amounted to 10 % of the economy in 1950 . 
  today that number is around 40 % . 
  that should be terrifying news . 
  but it 's not discussed at all . 
  i can see how you view alarmist news on almost all subreddits . 
  i tend to agree . 
  but what i think is that the internet , much like any media , focuses on hysteria instead of causes of the malice we pretend to fight against . 
  the atrocities of nazi germany , for instance , were rooted in two things : the first was the misfortune of the german people . 
  but that alone does n't push people to war . 
  what was needed was an artificial enemy : the * untermensch * . 
  totalitarian governments always point towards an external enemy , creating a division between `` them '' and `` us '' . 
  modern media do the very same . 
  constantly looking for scapegoats , they raise hysteria because it makes money . 
  there are small freedoms and large freedoms . 
  freedom of movement around europe will become pretty insignificant if all countries in europe devolve into oligarchies . 
  an american can move wherever he/she wants , but wherever he ends up , it 's more or less the same . 
  in any case , i agree with you that we 're panicking . 
  but i think we 're right to be guarded - it 's just that our hysteria is severely misguided . 
  what 's worse , smoking and drinking is an extremely bad combination . 
  smoking contracts your blood vessels . 
  it 's their defensive reaction . 
  in turn , alcohol widens your blood vessels , so that defense is compromised . 
  look , do n't be so pretentious about knowing some high school math . 
  we 're talking about a ratio of a number ( our production difference ) and a non-negative number ( our original production ) . 
  in this example , our x can not be negative , as your production can not be negative . 
  so if you divide production ( time2 ) - production ( time1 ) ------------------------------ production ( time1 ) we get limit with production ( time1 ) --  0 . 
  for readability 's sake , if we define x2 - production ( time2 ) x1 - production ( time1 ) x1 = 0 , x2 = 1 we get a limit x2 - x1 lim -------- = + inf x1 -  +0 x1 now , i have no fucking clue why in the first place you wrote  fiy 0 * \u221e = 0 it 's not relevant to this little example . 
  if you wrote a computer script that calculated the rate of relative change of production , for a change from 0.00001 to 1 it would saturate your output and give you an enormously large number . 
  and assuming you can not have negative production , it would mathematically be infinity . 
  what a waste of time . 
  first of all , 0 * \u221e is an undefined number . 
  you need to specify what kind of 0 and what kind of \u221e we 're talking about . 
  for instance , for x approaching 0 , if you multiply x * 1/x , you get 1 , and not zero . 
  if you multiply x * 1/x ^ 2 , you get \u221e . 
  as for the \u221e % change in production : the absolute daily change would be 1 . 
  on the first day , you divide the absolute change by the previous number . 
  so you get 1/0 = \u221e, 
  then again it 's easy to have a large relative growth when you have almost nothing . 
  if production went from 0 to 1 pencil per day , that would be an infinity % of growth . 
  from what i 've heard , you have quite a vigorous bustling tear gas industry , spreading its products all over the world !, 
  in the past , revolutionaries and great individuals faced death for spreading their views . 
  oftentimes they did n't even mind that . 
  these were the heroes . 
  today 's great individuals are not so lucky as our technology allows the governments to prevent any alarming new ideas from spreading in the first place . 
  damn you , balkans . 
  a diplomatic way of putting it . 
  if you want to spend your retirement years there , then you 're in for a lavish lifestyle , that 's for certain !, 
  you 'd be even better off in ukraine , but i suppose it 's a bit less safe than somewhere in the eu . 
  most polish people do n't have any savings . 
  about 7 % of them , i think , have any savings beyond the 3-month safety margin . 
  by comparison , in china it 's about 50 % . 
  the price of bonds does not imply the well being of a country - quite the opposite , in fact . 
  for instance , german bonds are extremely low , because it 's a no-risk investment . 
  sadly that wo n't happen . 
  those in power are obviously in a position to avoid justice . 
  the best we can do is try to change the system even a little bit to avoid getting into even bigger trouble . 
  the thing is , in the american system , voting for a third party actually helps the largest party gain votes . 
  the system they have set up converges to a two-party state . 
  to change that , something really big would have to happen . 
  a giant , 70 % majority new party would have to be elected for the sole purpose of changing the constitution . 
  looking at history , one might notice that such revolutions happen only after enough people do n't have enough food on their plates . 
  i have a suggestion - in the next survey you could include a question that relates to a user 's activity on / r/europe . 
  this way you could assign weights to a user 's survey data . 
  could you elaborate a bit more on that subject ? 
  i can not recall seeing him do anything out of the ordinary . 
  what disqualifies him as a mod ? 
  i wo n't repeat what other people have already posted here . 
  to me , the best thing that came out of turkey was the independent news show , [ the young turks ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/theyoungturks ) . 
  they are an example of excellent journalism . 
  i think it 's not fair to say that lithuanian forces did n't help in the battle of vienna . 
  surely they did n't take direct part in the battle itself . 
  however , after the polish forces left for battle , lithuanian units had to defend the commonwealth against hungary ( which tried to take advantage of the absence of polish troops ) . 
  if it were n't for that , who knows what would have happened . 
  what genocide do you speak of ? 
  i 'm not trying to start a flame war , i 'm just curious what are you referring to . 
  germans should n't have had straightened all these rivers throughout the last few decades . 
  they reap what they sow . 
  this only means you have met a lot of morons . 
  most of the people i know are atheists . 
  this means : 1 . 
  i have met a lot more atheist garlic bread fans than religious ones .
