  if there 's anything [ stephen fry 's qi ] ( http://old.qi.com/qi_quibble_blog/2010/11/pole-fault.html ) has taught me , it 's that the earth does n't have two poles . 
  how many exactly ? 
  12 , 15 , perhaps even more !, 
  the minimum amount of cash you can withdraw from an atm is 500kr . 
  it 's like yens now . 
  it 's stuff like this that makes me wonder in what direction are the world 's democracies headed . 
  every fresh , newly founded democracy is full of naive ideologists mixed with a bunch of shady and greedy mofos . 
  and it does n't seem to get better from that point onwards . 
  it 's reassuring to know that those rich fucks are doing well !, 
  and now , thanks to trickle down economy , the rest of the population will magically become wealthier !, 
  god bless america , ron paul 2016 . 
  that was sarcasm , of course . 
  cigarettes also have a lot of ingredients !, 
  not necessarily a good thing . 
  oh , that one speaks for itself . 
  the most successful revolutions were nonviolent . 
  half of europe is free because of efforts of millions of people , resilience of many heroic individuals , and not psychopathic people killing each other . 
  to further your point , have an upvote for a meaningul thought !, 
  i think it 's much more important to focus on the bigger picture here . 
  less tolerance to inhumane aspects of imported cultures is a way to prevent more of this from happening . 
  what happens to those murderers is largely inconsequential . 
  at the very best , they will serve as an example . 
  what absolutely baffles me is all the people complaining about right-wingers on this sub . 
  there was no wave of right-wing users to the sub . 
  we simply changed our minds . 
  i would n't be surprised if europe saw a new wave of totalitarianism in the coming decades . 
  and we will be the ones to vote them into power . 
  unfortunately , most of those refugees are the furthest away you can imagine from the kind of skilled worker needed for the german economy . 
  i do n't think any idea involving camps would fly well in germany . 
  that 's because northern africa was run by europeans , and now sweden is run by immigrants / s, 
   most of which sucked literal ass ha , if only . 
  that would be a feature . 
  maybe he literally has 6 feet . 
  you did n't read the article . 
  you 're responding to an argument which you attribute to that person based just on the sensationalist headline . 
  yeah , but even counting the costs of living , a median romanian is much poorer than a greek . 
  you can really try to live in romania if you want . 
  nobody wants to , though , except for moldavians . 
  nine eleven was an inside job !, 
  let 's not oversimplify . 
  the large public sector in greece has been really enjoying all that borrowed money . 
  oh yes , as if germans had been enjoying only positive satire all this time . 
  why is it untrue if the grey market in greece amounts to a quarter of the gdp ? 
  that 's much higher than other `` western '' countries . 
  but i do n't wan na get gay married ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i think it was on this subreddit that i saw the perfect name . 
  we should call it simply * civilization * . 
  he made a [ pretty convincing ent as well . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uiwoxzoez_s ) that song is simply beautiful . 
  also , the voice of death in the discworld films . 
  exactly . 
  posing the right question is the clue to getting the answer you want . 
  if they asked : `` do you want shadowy corporations to decide what toxins your babies are going to eat in their baby food , without your say ? 
  '' , then they 'd get different results . 
  i think it 's fair for estonians to fear russia influencing their elections . 
  i think it 's also more important to look at acts of aggression and the potential of a country rather than just its nationalists . 
  estonia might hate russia with all its fury , but that does n't amount to a lot . 
  whereas a country with a large army , strategic resources , nuclear weapons , and expansionist tendencies is more of a threat for all of us . 
  is the eu supposed to be a plutocracy , in your opinion ? 
  i do n't think money should mean a right to make the others shut up . 
  in any case , it 's better for poland if there is less emigration . 
  millions of people , many of whom are well educated , willing to work , is a net gain for any country that welcomes them . 
  let them go germany and scandinavian countries instead . 
  would we make such a fuss out of the team not participating in copa del rey ? 
  i hardly think so . 
  they did what had the loudest effect . 
  in that case you 'd need a map showing the top results of what people imagine when asked about a `` non-eu immigrant '' . 
  on this map here we do n't know that , we can only guess . 
  a single party system would also keep ukip out of parliament . 
  it 's better to group all the radicals in a single , obscure party than have them lumped together with normal people in one larger group . 
  this way , their loud voices mean nothing against pure numbers . 
  and i hate spending the entire duration of sunlight indoors , working my ass off in artificial light . 
  what pisses me off is not the truth of those statements ( or lack thereof ) , but rather the way they 're used . 
  for instance :  as an american , this is stupid  as a texan , fuck you there are numerous variations of broken grammar and there is no end to it . 
  yes , an enemy russia created for themselves . 
  it 's horrifying , really , how all these people are so quick to say some really fucked up words in the heat of their anger . 
  we europeans have learned nothing from the mistakes of nazi germany . 
  i will not be surprised if we end up repeating all this stuff again . 
  no , i 'm simply dismissing all emotionally-loaded arguments . 
  there are many equally valid strategies to deal with these people , and a lot of factors involved . 
  just because i 'm suggesting that most people lose their shit on this issue does n't mean all they say is absolutely wrong . 
  you 're being very black-and-white about it . 
  yes , it is revenge . 
  it 's exactly the same discussion every time paedophilia is mentioned . 
  everyone 's growling and imagining how these people should be strangled or torn into pieces . 
  the emotional reaction is clouding people 's judgement . 
  the fact that the us as a nation has completely abandoned its european history is the cause of such ignorance . 
  the entire history of europe is the same history of the people which inhabit usa today . 
  all they learn about is the recent 200-something years . 
  this is really at the roots of the issue . 
  if that were not the case , then maybe they 'd care to look at europe and learn from its mistakes . 
  for many americans , the death penalty is great when it comes to executing people for drug offences , especially if they 're black . 
  but they forget how ussr and its satellites used the death penalty to execute opposition leaders , all neatly according to the law . 
  this hypocrisy is really jarring . 
  our society is not built on this principle . 
  people who try to commit suicide are still admitted to hospitals and receive help . 
  rehabilitation is attempted when possible . 
  an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind . 
  that may well be the case , and it 's a perfectly valid argument in this discussion . 
  but simply denying them help just because we can execute some degree of revenge is foolish .
