  later , everything west of constantinople was basically called europe , and everything east , asia . 
  if turkey is in europe , then great britain is a south american country . 
  haha , i just pictured someone watching this wonderful video while sitting in a cubicle , and pondering how he or she never saw half of these places or did those fun activities . 
  in the window , the view outside is a rainy parking lot . 
  gypsies , pollacks , rich people , women , alcoholics , nerds ... the list goes on . 
  everybody belongs to some group . 
  if you 're one of them , nobody cares if you get your face smashed in . 
  but if you 're some sort of special protected group , any harm done to you will be considered a political movement against every member of your group . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  a jew gets beaten and suddenly their community fears a great societal anti-semitic movement . 
  geez , do n't panic . 
  people from other ethnic groups get beaten up without the whole country caring . 
  yeah , it 's a great example of manipulation by the media . 
  if there is no evidence for the attackers being arabs , let 's get some witness to say some vague testimony . 
   i did n't really see it that well because i did n't bring my glasses , but i thiiiiiink it might be them arabs . 
  newsflash : arabs thought to be behind a brutal assault on a jew . 
  i suspect anyone who devotes his or her life to spreading religion must be some kind of nutjob . 
  eu 's bureaucracy is simply put - byzantine . 
  if we want to have any sort of federal europe , it should be simple and close to the people . 
  right now , most eu citizens have not the slightest clue how this whole circus is functioning . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i certainly do n't like centralization : companies are getting bigger and bigger , nations are merging . 
  there is less and less diversity . 
  we 're all watching the same tv shows , we 're thinking in similar patterns . 
  for instance , i would like to see scotland have its independence just to see something new on the old european playing field . 
  i do n't want europe to become another usa , seeing america 's flaws . 
  i do n't want europe to become uniform , so there is always a place for everyone . 
  sure , it 's a utopian fairytale , but having an unattainable ideal at least pushes you in some direction . 
  a eu with a trade union , with freedom of passage between borders , with many wonderful projects such as the erasmus exchange - that 's something we can not deny worked for the benefit of europe . 
  but let 's not give the eu a president , please . 
  local governments are the ones that are the most honest and accountable . 
  as we go higher and higher , we get corruption , lobbying , and debauchery . 
  the way i see it , the vatican might at some point become a hostage of italy - does n't italy provide most of vatican 's budget ? 
  let 's just wait and watch , it 's going to happen within a generation or two . 
  these are the 3 most popular and the most deserving , in my opinion . 
  and the soviet anthem is just so good they kept it after the collapse . 
  sure , now they sing about their colorful flag , but everybody 's singing the old lyrics in their heads , i bet . 
  yeah , you might be right , it will go underground . 
  but on the other hand i expect that there will be proper , wise child care laws . 
  let 's say a religious parent illegally and dangerously circumcised his or her child . 
  after a few years , the kid goes to the doctor for a general check-up . 
  the doctor checks everything and notices that the kid was mutilated . 
  now , according to child protection laws , he calls the proper authorities and the parent is in deep trouble . 
  alternatively , if a parent tries to circumcise a child and something goes wrong , they will have to call emergency . 
  they will save the kid and then the parent will be in deep trouble . 
  exactly . 
  being poor in a post-communist country is completely different than being poor in , say , germany or france . 
  while being poor in germany means you wo n't be buying a new iphone or a car , being poor in the east means you 're going to have to go through people 's garbage in search of clothes for winter . 
  why all the downvotes ? 
  look - if you 're so fond of your scientific way of thinking , then go do your own research . 
  you dismiss those `` so-called scientists '' , but that 's how ichthyology works . 
  nothing idiotic about that kind of experiment . 
  being skeptic does not boil down to rejecting every opinion other than yours . 
  if you understand evolution a little more than what you see from cartoons , then you 'll be inclined to accept the idea that some pattens propagate from simple organisms to the oh-so-proud mighty and complex human beings . 
  yes , our society is similar to groups of other kinds of animals . 
  to put it in layman 's terms : in times of danger , societies unify . 
  he who is different from others will be branded . 
  this is basic tribal thinking , present in today 's society despite our hubris . 
  if there is a war between tribes , and your skin color is strange , or you do n't dress up in your traditional colors , you look like a spy from the other village . 
  tribes have treated this extremely seriously for ages . 
  to fit in the group you had to mutilate your own body . 
  if your self-expression is incompatible with the accepted norm , some people will want to kill you . 
  what happened in america after 9/11 ? 
  every muslim was immediately suspected of terrorism . 
  suddenly the entire usa behaves like a tribe . 
  compare a no-stress kindergarten to the military . 
  children will be brought up to be individualistic and non-conformist . 
  in the military , not so much . 
  you can not be gay in the military . 
  you have to shave your head . 
  everyone should stand in line . 
  if you 're different , others will gang up on you . 
  that 's how society works . 
  you can try to sell me your politically correct slogans but i 'm not buying them . 
  conservatives are always on about preserving traditions and pointing at those who are in any way different - be it sexual orientation , skin color , origin , religion , clothes . 
  self-preservation is about working in the interest of the group . 
  self-expression is only about the individual . 
  if the group sees you as a potential danger , you will be excluded . 
  that 's why i try to say that conservatism , nationalism try to unify people under the slogans of the preservation of society/tradition . 
  trade unions want to preserve the rights of workers . 
  look at solidarity - it was unanimous against their oppressor , the government . 
  after they won , the group disbanded and started a war between its factions . 
  i think the pattern is pretty clear . 
  it 's not a false dichotomy , as it can be observed in nature . 
  i ca n't find you a source now , but there were studies on fish about this . 
  scientists observed a species of fish that can easily ( within a generation ) produce offspring of different scale colors and patterns . 
  when there was a threat present ( predators , decreased amount of food ) , the fish tended to be all the same . 
  there was a low number of individual fish different from the average , so the deviation of appearances was lower . 
  with a prolonged absence of threats , newborn fish started to exhibit individual traits , scale color patterns etc. 
  this may be a very simple experiment but it does illustrate a principle rule in evolution : there is place for diversity when there is less danger . 
  times of strife are a test for this diversity . 
  diversity needs to be there before there is danger , in order to increase chances of survival . 
  unifying around the most successful combination of traits is a way for a population to survive . 
  i might not persuade you that it made sense to substitute `` unity '' with `` survival '' . 
  but if you would like to know where i took those ideas from , i highly recommend reading books written by ian stewart and jack cohen , a team of a mathematician and biologist . 
  maths and biology are sort of polar opposites . 
  together , they take a very unusual perspective on life in general . 
  the book they wrote most relevant to this question might be `` the collapse of chaos '' . 
  otherwise you might want to search for other general texts about evolution , behavior of populations in presence of danger , that sort of keywords . 
  hope that shed some light .
