  i mean , if you start shouting at them , they are likely to understand . 
  if i do that , they only hear `` urp durp s\u00f6ndrablahblah bork bork '', 
  you ca n't be seriously complaining about this . 
  basic english is quite simple and most uk immigrants speak it . 
  prove yourself wrong by learning some crazy alien language , such as swedish . 
  that would likely discourage you from visiting . 
  you 're just jealous he did n't mention portugal !, 
  well , it 's still a lot better than chinglish . 
  you 're * really * trying to discourage them ... 
  i smell something fishy !, 
  i know quite a few muslim immigrants here in sweden ... and they consider themselves as not very religious . 
  however , i have never seen any christian or buddhist or even vegetarian who preaches their doctrine as much as those weaksauce muslims do . 
  all is relative , i suppose . 
  your hypothetical former co-workers might indeed prefer having you on welfare than exposing their lax work attitude . 
  but then of course , you would be a social outcast in general . 
   romanian and bulgarian immigrants are in my experience quite hardworking immigrants that any country should be glad to have ... and that 's precisely why many brits do n't want them to come . 
  same thing in sweden and finland . 
  locals discourage immigrants from trying too hard in order to prevent themselves from looking lazy . 
  neoliberal nuts are the first to say `` smaller government '' yet they adore police force , a giant military , putting gay people into jails , women into kitchens , and all that christian fundamentalism . 
  i 'm also baffled by people who support those far right wing nuts all over the world ( e.g.ron paul ) . 
  i mean , their agenda is basically to make rich people even richer . 
  these people have been fooled into believing that if this ` socialism ' ends , the invisible hand of the market will feed everyone . 
  china is a pretty forward country when it comes to capitalism gone mad , and look how its people prosper !, 
  smaller government ? 
  how about somalia , that 's a great example . 
  i 'm disappointed nobody drew westeros , which is basically europe squeezed into the shape of great britain . 
  this is legitimate art , i shit you not . 
  really . 
  if you made some witty caption , this would count as propaganda !, 
  holy crap , this is actually pretty visually appealing !, 
  you deserve upvotes . 
  oh look , is n't that team rocket on the far east ? 
  your anatolian peninsula ( turkey ) looks as if it got hit with a grenade and its burning bits are falling off into the mediterranean . 
   that giant penis ate it ftfy . 
  from top to the bottom on the left : usa , usa , usa , usa ... 
  yeah , it 's not like britain has its own currency or anything !, 
  it 's a frightening thought that such scum leads one of the most influential countries in europe . 
  i 'm not saying other politicians are a-ok , but people do n't seem to think of the uk as being conned by populism to such an extent . 
  let 's hope [ this vision of europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8wapph2.jpg ) remains a joke . 
  getting a license in some countries is equally hard . 
  the difference is that , for instance in sweden or norway , you pay a lot and spend a lot of time to get a license , but you do get a lot of training in return . 
  and it 's ultimately a lot less frustrating than getting fucked over by a corrupt system . 
  but would it , really ? 
  i 'm asking sincerely , because i 'm not convinced by all the fearmongering economists . 
  what 's the best tactic when you 're offended ? 
  make a big deal out of it !, 
  that will * surely * help . 
  by being so touchy about the subject , you encourage every asshole to keep it up . 
  but hey , that 's * your * problem . 
  you 're missing the whole point . 
  everybody is offended by something . 
  the more you are offended , the more fun for those who are trying to offend you . 
  this album shows that everybody in europe thinks horrible things about everybody else !, 
  so we may as well make fun of it . 
  so what ? 
  are all irish and finnish people drunkards ? 
  are all polish people plumbers ? 
  does every scotsman wear a skirt ? 
  does every german wear lederhosen ? 
  is every swede a viking ? 
  do all czechs live in prague ? 
  are all romanians thieves ? 
  that 's what one of those maps suggest . 
  you 're just stuck on the gypsy thing because you can not bear the thought of being assossiated with them . 
  jesus , you should be called ` tight ass land ' . 
  ca n't take a joke . 
  any word can be used as an insult . 
  if you 're insulted by being called ` gypsy ' , you 're racist against gypsies . 
   i think it 's somewhat offensive to call a country gypsy land when rromas only represent a small minority of that country 's population bullshit . 
  what you 've described is called a ` stereotype ' . 
  ` gypsy land ' is not ` offensive ' because it 's ` not accurate ' . 
  in many places , being called ` romanian ' is an insult . 
  so is it less insulting if it 's accurate ? 
  no , it 's not . 
   gypsies are you saying ` gypsy ' is a derogatory term for you ? 
  are you by any chance raycist ?!? 
  just kidding of course . 
  damn gypsies . 
  as i scrolled through the page , i saw all the comments by experienced travelers , people advertising their country , people sharing an unpleasant trip they had ... and only one comment like this . 
  and i 'm sure quite a lot of people feel this way !, 
  quite possibly , the cheapest place in europe you can go to is stay where you are , or do n't go far away from where you are . 
  true , but what i described happens on mmorpg servers quite often . 
  latin is a dead language . 
  so what you 're saying is : uk : * we do n't want to hang out with you guys anymore * eu : * you 're dead to me !, 
  let 's take a minute to imagine an opposite situation . 
  imagine russians invaded the subreddit and are nonchalantly conversing in russian . 
  we 'd have to make a new / r/europe , which would be english . 
  so this is a self-fulfilling prophecy , really . 
  people make regrettable decisions every day . 
  they borrow money . 
  they lend money . 
  they have children too soon . 
  and so on . 
  just because some of them have a change of heart does not mean their initial decision was a bad one . 
  you clearly are * for * euthanasia , * if * you accept at least ** one ** instance when it 's acceptable . 
  and whether your views on euthanasia are very thoughtful or whether you 're all for large-scale industrialized non-consensual human husbandry is a completely different matter . 
  let 's not act like virgins here . 
  there are countries with a very civil approach to this topic , and staying in a defiant ` no ' is doing more harm than good . 
  intelligent people in a radical country can not afford to have nuanced views . 
  from the standpoint of all the stuck-up conservatives , your views are binary .
