  that 's why so many people want to get degrees . 
  and paradoxically , large companies pressure universities to make their curricula more rudimentary and `` market-oriented '' , which would reduce the role of university to training future employees for those companies for free . 
  companies either want to hire people who do n't require additional training , or they want unpaid interns who would be required to work for the company after their training is over , in order to return the initial investment . 
  in what way does my post warrant pedants such as yourself over-analysing it and losing the topic altogether ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you went off on a giant tangent . 
  laughable . 
  you yourself are trying to sound condescending when trying to convey the equivalent of saying `` you 're a smarty pants '' . 
  you sound like a repressed and angry person . 
  i wo n't adjust myself to someone fragile enough to find faults in anything and everything he sees . 
  actually , what i suggest is quite the opposite of what you thought i implied . 
  i think every conservative mindset ( or socialist , or libertarian ) is rooted in basic human instincts , rather than rational thought . 
  racism included . 
  it boils down to human nature . 
  most of those people are simply conservative . 
  they are n't used to having mosques , brown people , poor people shuffling the streets , so they do n't want them . 
  we instinctively reject the unknown . 
  and since humans have to justify their opinions somehow , they think of a reason such as `` they smell '' , `` they fuck goats '' , `` they want to conquer our culture '' . 
  and they might of course be right some of the time , even if for the wrong reasons . 
  this applies to all of us . 
  and if a tree falls in the forest , but nobody hears it , does it make a sound ? 
  free speech is absolutely meaningless if nobody will hear it . 
  because if every place where you can freely gather belongs to some business , there is no free speech anymore . 
  on the internet , there is no public space , everything belongs to some business . 
  reddit is also a company . 
  they can censor you if they do n't like you . 
  by which i mean , let 's not use abbreviations that * waste time * , instead of saving it . 
  strict immigration policies . 
  sounds a bit german . 
  i 'll ignore the spelling mistakes in that article . 
  everything the article says about hydrogen , you can say about batteries . 
  additionally , the production of batteries creates a shitload of toxic waste . 
  batteries are laughable as long as power density is of interest . 
  rapid charging reduces their longevity , they 're heavy , potentially a fire hazard , and extremely expensive to buy , repair , and maintain . 
  the running costs of nearly all ev are higher than their fossil fuel counterparts in all aspects . 
  it would n't be such a problem if we had a tramway-like infrastructure all over europe and the us , but that 's not the case . 
  in the end , i do n't care what 's the medium for energy transfer . 
  for me , the only important thing is that i have the freedom to drive my car for 97 % of the time : drive a few hundred km , refuel in a few minutes , and drive some more . 
  a medium-priced diesel car can give you over a 1000km range if you drive economically . 
  if we had nuclear cars i 'd gladly accept it as the future of mobility . 
  i just want my flexibility . 
  as for driving a car for extended periods of time , i can drive 8 hours non-stop on a normal highway safely after working for the whole day . 
  the road is straight , the speed limit is fixed , what more do you need ? 
  i have no time to wait hours for the damn battery to load . 
  and do n't expect the battery to last long if you speed charge it all the time . 
  not really . 
  first of all , you need to check in and go through a thousand gates . 
  that wastes a lot of time . 
  then you got ta pay quite a lot of money , especially during travel seasons like xmas or summer vacation . 
  and you can take almost no cargo . 
  you 've got 0 flexibility with the time unless you pay a hand and a leg . 
  and unless your goal is a major city , you have to plan carefully for all possible delays in trains , buses and so on . 
  god i hate flying . 
  it 's really not surprising when we remember for a second that we build tiny 1.2 l engines with the same power as 2.0 or 2.2 l ten years ago . 
  a few times i year i have to drive a 1000km in one go . 
  only a hydrogen car can make that feasible . 
  if you look closely , you 'll notice that only single nodes connect countries . 
  in any case , it 's the power transferred that really matters . 
  that looks danish to me . 
  that 's debatable . 
  firstly , there 's not much of a market yet . 
  secondly , the fastest growing market is in china . 
  tesla ca n't compete with their brands . 
  we can also lock them in portable toilets and let their own stench do the work . 
  but that 's just two poles . 
  there are like hundrends of thousands of them in europe and the us of a. 
  that poses a grave danger to all of us . 
  free movement in the eu is highly beneficial to those who are in the top already . 
  it removes limitations and lets ambitious and educated people to move to the rich parts of the eu . 
  it effectively widens the wealth gap in the eu . 
  they 're randomizing their population pattern to minimize any losses in case of a nuclear war . 
  let 's not fool ourselves , nobody cared about any economic or reasonable brexit arguments . 
  the deciding factors were jingoism and propaganda by the sensationalist media . 
  it 's sad to see this kind of thing ignored . 
  we should have had an educated and informed debate before the referendum . 
  this panel has predicted a lot more of the upcoming problems than any of the uk politicians have bothered to mention . 
  do you even ? 
  i suppose all the eurosceptic eu countries should be thankful to the uk for taking the hit in the nuts . 
  any other country would have been in shambles if they did it first . 
  i agree on the latter , but there wo n't be a boom . 
  the investors will see how irresponsible the uk was , and will slowly but steadily place their bets in safer places . 
  many people lost tons of money in a very short time already , and they 're acting to minimize losses . 
  of course , it 's not peachy for the eu either . 
   immigration , even though most of the relevant migration people are angry about is n't eu migration . 
  let 's add to it that the uk absolutely did n't help with the efforts to limit the extent of the problem . 
  most brits seem to think otherwise . 
  and that `` s not even an exaggeration . 
  all of the industry in czechia is german , the stores , the cars , produce . 
  it 's insane . 
  anything is a dildo if you 're brave enough . 
  i know what , the greek bank should mine and print more cash . 
  then again , it 's easy to accelerate from a low value . 
  oh look ... the avogadro constant . 
  i think it 's too late now . 
  it 's actually sad how pathetic we fared . 
  germany did a long-ass flag , sweden is huge , there are flags all over the place , but the eu is somehow unable to win against a bunch of retarded basement dwellers . 
  it simply means that the greeks migrate within their own country , and that this disparity is very large . 
  it 's logical that if 90 % of all women from one region move to another region with a similar population , it will create two extremes . 
  it would 've been different if a single node gathered all women from other greek regions , or if they emigrated . 
  probably because both women and immigrants are more mobile . 
  i only clicked on the link because the thumbnail looked like david mitchell .
