  you 're right . 
  the uk and france also conveniently ignored the cries for help from their eastern ally . 
  and ignored basically everything nazi germany did prior to invading france . 
  yeah it 's not like a giant south american country speaks portuguese . 
  in times of crisis , it does n't matter whether left of right wins . 
  what 's important is that populists do n't . 
  and i 'm afraid that is not the case here . 
  i agree . 
  it also seems they keep talking about `` data '' as if it mattered . 
  that was a very complicated time . 
  vilnus was both a large center of polish culture and the one and true capital of lithuania . 
  this was a large problem . 
  its main inhabitants were poles and jews . 
  but it was the capital of lithuania from the start for 800 years . 
  both sides wanted it and for good reasons . 
  pilsudski was a polonized lithuanian . 
  he wanted to bring back the commonwealth . 
  the problem was , lithuanians did n't want to , polish nationalists thought it belonged to them , and the soviets just wanted everything . 
  pilsudski 's intentions did n't really work out . 
  the only side that really gained on that war were the damned soviets . 
   most wealthy people evade taxes ftfy . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's the brutal truth wherever you go . 
  since extremely wealthy people will always find ways to stay rich , they do n't need to stop the crisis . 
  so they wo n't . 
  so what you 're saying is , germany should repay all the debts caused by populists in greece ? 
  what about other eu countries ? 
  the facts are this : there is a debt and someone has to pay for it . 
  there is no going around it . 
  the greeks can lose the most if it 's left unpaid . 
  so they have to pay it . 
  it 's not about whose fault is it , it 's about who cares about solving the problem . 
  compare / r/europe to / r/politics . 
  suddenly we 're not so bad at all !, 
  i do n't know where i heard it first but : `` your genes make you want to fuck pussy from far away lands , but your dick makes you want to fuck the nearest one '' . 
  that 's a big problem : there are only a dozen banks or so left in the market . 
  they 're all giants . 
  to create more smaller banks , what can be done ? 
  all the big ones would have to fail first . 
  chernobyl happened a mere 26 years ago . 
  ca n't the russians just give us a break ? 
  definitely the [ oil and gas fields ] ( http://www.acorn-ps.com/web/page/oilgas/nsfields/nnsmap.htm ) . 
  norway 's source of wealth . 
  finally someone thinking outside the box . 
  i 'm sure this will be more beneficial for the students than the byzantine industrual prison-like school model that 's used everywhere else . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  a water drop hollows a stone not by force , but by falling often . 
  let 's hope that 2032 's headlines from belarus will be about its efforts in joining the eu . 
  romney can not be trusted on his word . 
  he shifts sides according to his sponsors . 
  should he receive enough money , he will adopt any policy . 
  giving money out to banks from taxpayer money is a thing he is very likely to do . 
  but of course he will cut taxes for the rich and for corporations . 
  indeed . 
  it just pisses me off . 
  sure , people make mistakes . 
  but if you submit a post here then please give it more than a second of thought . 
  well , of course scotland would have to re-apply . 
  they need to formally register all the new government contacts and addresses . 
  look , you have to submit papers to the government every time you sell a car or buy one , or change its technical state . 
  no wonder the same applies to the eu membership . 
  the level of condescending assholishness needed to make that comment introduction is breathtaking . 
  sure , thanks for sharing your insights , they 're interesting . 
  but if i lower my etiquette to your level for a second , let me say : that was a joke , you fucking dork . 
  get off of your high horse . 
  if germany left the euro zone , many countries would join the deutsch mark zone , i 'm afraid . 
  it 's important to note that the average value is misleading . 
  sure , if you 're blind and go shopping for random items in the store , you 'll buy the more expensive ones . 
  but the range of prices column is most important if you 're , say , thinking about moving somewhere . 
  or a crappy loaf of bread . 
  seriously . 
  swedish bread is horrendously expensive . 
  i was rather referring to the trend of ` clean coal ' and e.g. 
  reusing coal dust as a building material . 
  a very interesting and sad article . 
  in any case , modern heat and power stations can actually be quite clean and efficient ( up to 90 % ) . 
  power companies do try to not kill us , to an extent . 
  indeed . 
  a 6-day working week was a norm not so long ago in europe . 
  your idea sounds nice in principle , but i 'm not entirely convinced it would work . 
  the devil 's in the details . 
  for a company , to hire an employee means more than to pay his salary . 
  they also pay for social security , healthcare , and other kinds of taxes . 
  you would have to somehow convince companies to hire two people to do the job of one person . 
  to split one full-time salary into two half-time salaries means more expenses for a company , i 'm afraid . 
  oh no no no , sorry , but it 's not as innocent as you paint it . 
  those greeks who were employed in the bloated government institutions enjoyed bonuses for working inefficient jobs . 
  people faking medical conditions . 
  companies avoiding taxes . 
  it 's the same in poland , bulgaria , and many other countries . 
  greece is no different , and their problem encompasses the entire society . 
  half of the working greeks were basically stealing money for many years . 
  there is no painless way of paying it back . 
  well , technically there were almost no christians at the time . 
  they started off as a jewish sect . 
  the head jews were unhappy about having a group that does n't quite listen to them , so they split . 
  i totally agree . 
  there is a very nice historic reason for this particular boundary of europe and asia . 
  take a look at this map of [ roman provinces ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/the_roman_empire_ca_400_ad.png ) . 
  notice that the area west of constantinople is called [ europa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_%28roman_province%29 ) . 
  the anatolian peninsula , on the other hand , is called [ asia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asia_%28roman_province%29 ) .
