  holy fucking shit , that place looks as if it it was trying to scream . 
  these people have serious issues . 
  i ca n't believe i had to scroll so far down to see someone call out them fagues . 
  you can joke all you want , but he was a proud american . 
  it did happen to the english . 
  moreover , in most small towns i know of , these state-owned shops are open only during regular office hours : monday to friday from 10 to 18 . 
  the nearest one to where i live is n't even open on fridays . 
  bigger cities are different , and there you can get wasted on a saturday morning . 
  poor greece , everyone is calling them by their foreign name . 
  except for norway . 
  russia has used `` self-defense '' as an excuse to rob finland of lots of their historic lands after the war . 
  and now they feel endangered by finland 's border defense forces . 
  should finland place all their troops on the opposite side of the country in order not to scare petersburg ? 
  i think this was simply the safe way . 
  have you heard of [ operation unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable ) ? 
  except the ones in iceland and ireland . 
  you underestimate how much of the eu 's economy is dependent on a few select companies such as vw . 
  when vw or siemens get into trouble , it 's not just investors that lose money . 
  thousands of employees lose their jobs , thousands of subcontracted companies lose their orders ... and its these companies that are built around the few giants that comprise the regional economies . 
  ever since dieselgate , jobs have shifted away from the north of germany . 
  many people had to look for a life down south . 
  you may think that if you do n't drive a diesel , this does n't concern you . 
  but unless you work for tesla , dieselgate has little positive economic influence for you . 
  if it 's any comfort to you , i enjoyed bulgaria for its offroad trails and opportunities to see some real nature . 
  in the west , all land belongs to someone , every inch of wilderness is fenced off , no grass is left unkempt and you can not go wild anymore . 
  make the same map with `` neutral '' switzerland , and we 'll see who 's belligerent . 
  i would n't be surprised at that point . 
  it 's a traditional joke by now . 
  get over it , we are just a small corner of a nerdy internet site . 
   because ~ ~ teetotalism ~ ~ being a party pooper is n't a thing . 
  what happens when beer becomes cheaper than water ? 
  the czech republic . 
  you mean heavily subsidized infrastructure and social welfare ? 
  let the money flow our way !, 
  it 's ridiculous that a simple operating system will ask you if you 're reaaaly sure about removing some files , but brexit is automatically the end decision even though most people did n't think when voting and wanted to change their vote the next day . 
  i agree with you wholeheartedly , but let 's think pragmatically for a minute : let 's say you 've got a group of a few thousand refugees who 've made it to germany , due to be relocated to lithuania , portugal , finland , poland , etc. 
  - all countries where the majority of the illegal immigrants/refugees do n't want to go to . 
  now , what do you do if they refuse to be relocated to one of those countries ? 
  they have proven themselves to be insincere and selfish , but there 's in germany already . 
  the people who accept our help without complaining are going to be relocated to one of the colder/poorer countries , whereas all of the assholes are going to stay where they wanted to stay . 
  in game theory terms , the assholes will win . 
  i would like a solution that rewards those who are thankful for the help they receive and cooperate . 
  we can not encourage bad behaviour with our institutions , because it will only serve to spread precisely that which we want to avoid . 
   basically a lot of foreigners use the roads and that puts wear on the roads . 
  now you can put a toll on these roads to finance that . 
  it should be communicated to those who do n't know , that according to different statistics , a single truck puts up to ** 9000 times more wear on the road ** than a normal car . 
  so the entire principle of this new law is reduced to nothing more than hatred towards `` the foreigners '' . 
  and ancient valyria would be rome . 
  czechoslovakia is already full of cheques . 
  that 's a legitimate question . 
  this is the real answer . 
  the people who are in the position to change the status quo have a vested interest not to do so . 
   banning cars that arent euro6, 
  that 's actually a really good question . 
  imagine what kind of view you and your generation holds sacred , that you can not compromise on , that someone younger would consider a nuisance . 
  maybe it will be something ridiculous , like banning math at school and replacing it with makeup lessons . 
  maybe it will have to do with automation and universal income . 
  maybe our history will make another full turn and we 'll accept eugenics again . 
  maybe euthanasia will become the new thing , and there will be an upper limit to the life span , unless you pay up . 
  i can only imagine . 
   that 's how every article should be . 
  controversy around vaccination ? 
  put 2 positive comments and 2 negative ones . 
      climate change ? 
  bring 2 people in that think it 's a huge deal and two people that will deny its existence . 
      always the middle ground . 
  that 's the hallmark of neutrality !, 
  i hope you were joking . 
  if 99 % of the scientific community is in agreement about climate change , bringing 2 scientists and 2 morons to the debate overrepresents the morons by a factor of 50 . 
  the viewer might think that the issue is around 50:50 , when in fact it is n't . 
  the media always want an even race . 
  during obama 's second election , they did all they could to give mitt romney votes , to create the illusion of an even race . 
  and if people think that almost 50 % of the population is for something , they will be more likely to join this group . 
  the third number would be undefined , since it 's 0/0, 
  have n't seen your posts in a while . 
  in any case , hopefully jokes such as yours wo n't qualify as sarcastic in 2018 . 
  this is fucking insane . 
  moreso than brexit , i 'd say . 
  would you prefer b\u00f6hmen ? 
  i visited amsterdam once and really liked it . 
  what i hated was the traffic in and around it . 
  it almost seemed that most of the drivers were drunk or suicidal . 
  what would you recommend to someone like me ? 
  i 'd like to experience another side of the country . 
  according to your description , it 's gon na smell like a fish market . 
  by this logic , uk should join the african union someday . 
  it 's hard to catch up to 50 years of exploitation . 
  indirectly , most likely all of the above . 
  having influential parents in the science community gives you access to paths unavailable for most people . 
  paradoxically , it might worsen the situation of anime in europe . 
  i 'd expect a more aggressive stance against copyright grey areas . 
  if one braavosi coin were worth around 500 $ , then i suppose it 's not a high price for the kind of education arya has received . 
  yeah , but that 's like 5 hs . 
  what kind of sentence in german can you say with 5 hs ? 
  i 'm getting the impression that 's someone from a different species , with completely different taste buds and olfactory bulbs . 
  they probably consider highly rafinated cheese made from some oil by-products as the pinnacle of cuisine . 
  i believe he was being sarcastic . 
  he is known around these parts as r/europe 's american mascot . 
  btw , can anyone explain to me why is sweden and finland purple ? 
  that 's a fucking retarded argument .
