  i would worry less about economic issues and more about keeping the eu government a clean one . 
  as it is now , the eu is very convoluted and distant from europeans . 
  europeans themselves also do n't seem to fraternize so much , either . 
  out of the 2 % of eu citizens who moved from their home country , i think most are from poland and romania . 
  i really wish to see a better eu . 
  the problems we 're facing on the way are less about the economy and more about society and bureaucracy . 
  yeah , how is it that i suddenly have to pay more to use the same provider , but in a different country ? 
  giant telecoms own networks in the entire eu , but pretend they 're all different companies when it comes to roaming . 
  hey , that 's great too . 
  ` when in rome , do as romans do ' . 
  but there 's also another saying : ` grass is always greener on the other side of the river ' . 
  if we forget about economic issues , there 's really no objective way to tell which country is doing it right . 
  i know that , for instance , swedes could benefit if they learned to be more family oriented and accepted that rules are sometimes wrong or unnecessary . 
  and then again , you probably have had enough corruption , distrust , bureaucracy , cheating , and working around the rules , so uk 's way of doing things is a good change for you . 
  the best people could do is learn from others . 
  oh man , i read your post and then noticed your flair !, 
  i think it 's a cultural thing , for people of eastern and southern europe to bend the rules a bit . 
  i think it 's great for europe - it would be bad if everyone was as strict as germans , or as lenient as italians . 
   has n't won euro-vision even though in a bbc program they claimed to be a nation of signing people . 
  i think winning the eurovision is an indicator of shitty music . 
  just like 2d print technology solved the book shop problems . 
  oh wait they did n't . 
  i think the fault really lies at preschool and early school education . 
  that 's when children learn most of their wits and learning habits . 
  charity begins at home . 
  teetotallers . 
  and that damn dog !, 
  i suppose the old rule applies : * si non confectus , non reficiat * ( if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ), 
   if you think that morality is arbitrary why do you follow morals at all ? 
  why do you deem some actions unethical while others are ethical ? 
  even though i 'm sure you meant to use them as rhetorical questions , asking questions such as this is called `` philosophy '' . 
  it 's a good thing . 
  there is no objective morality . 
  two completely different moralities might be just as valid as one another . 
  do n't you think that none of the great philosophers simply accepted the morality of people around him ? 
  instead , they examined it and thought of their own . 
   historical figures are never heroes , they can only be considered heroes by some people . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  there are many historical which were considered heroes by some and evildoers by others . 
  we see this everywhere : even people within the same society are divided by certain figures . 
  some americans denounce snowden and manning as traitors , others consider them heroes . 
  for every person who considers a member of their favorite band a hero , there is a person who thinks he 's some kind of drug addict . 
  perhaps you were implying that only made-up people can be called heroes of a nation without being denounced by another nation - but that also does not hold true . 
  one person 's epic fantasy hero is a fairytale of another person . 
  heroism is just as arbitrary as morality and nationality . 
  many heroes of a nation are considered scum by some other nation . 
  controversial figures can be heroes despite being hated by many . 
  to many , he is a hero . 
  a hero of one nation is scum for another . 
  there are many controversial heroes . 
  there is no such thing as objective good or evil . 
  a country needs more slow days such as this . 
  you know the old chinese curse - `` may you live in interesting times ... '', 
  it did n't avoid defunding by such a narrow margin as you think . 
  obama would gladly veto the decision . 
  to overturn his veto , you 'd need an absolute majority of 2/3 . 
  also , the fact remains that all of this went on for years without anyone taking notice . 
  if it were n't for some poor guy who just ruined his entire life , none of us would know about the whole thing . 
  additionally , the media are suspiciously ignoring the whole issue and divert people 's attention to the whistleblower . 
  you have secret judges putting people to secret prisons , the media being complacent with the establishment , and no real power to change the political scene . 
  as for hope , we all know how that went . 
   i do believe the nsa spying program will be weakened or eliminated rather soon . 
  i expect the opposite . 
  the government will continue to consolidate its power thanks to new technologies . 
  america can already be called an oligarchy . 
  90 % of internet porn is made in america , of which we 're all appreciative . 
  many of these results would be a lot more readable as a histogram . 
  the language results , for instance . 
  also , never , ever , ever ever use a pie chart for data that can be summed to more than 100 % ( multi-choice questions ) . 
  perhaps a mass pm to all citizens sent by the mods . 
  it would be cruel to simply decide for them , would n't it ? 
  that would bring us back to the times of dividing maps of colonies with a ruler . 
  even if we were to disqualify turkey from europe , the ottoman empire has left such a deep footprint in the balkans that its culture did in fact effectively spread in what is widely considered europe . 
  one might not want turkish culture to be considered part of european culture , but it simply is . 
  indeed . 
  and if we were to calculate statistical uncertainty based on that number , i suppose most of our results would be blurry . 
  i was thinking more about the way radio enabled governments to control vast lands . 
  in the old roman empire or ancient china , information traveled as fast as a horse . 
  radio and the telegraph changed that forever . 
  as for your particular example , it can be viewed in many ways . 
  let 's forget for a minute that there 's a neutral arbiter of the state , and think in terms of influence . 
  let 's suppose there is a central entity that controls most of the bandwidth . 
  if it 's a corrupt government , it will sell most of the bandwidth to certain private interests . 
  if the entity is a large company , it might impose absurd prices and allow only for rich companies to buy any shares in the spectrum . 
  and if it 's some kind of totalitarian regime , it will censor the radio waves by filtering who can and who can not transmit . 
  government control is not the only kind of regulatory force . 
  many of today 's technological standards have been developed and agreed upon by private companies which developed them . 
  the entire world of it was developed due to private innovation and such . 
  you can hack your bluetooth device to work against the standard , but you wo n't be legally able to use the bt logo . 
  europe uses 50hz mains not because a government body decided it 's the optimal solution , it 's because of a german company called aeg . 
  they had a monopoly on generating electricity , so their standard was adopted - first in germany , then in the rest of europe and most of the world . 
  governments were secondary in this regard . 
  i 'm not against government regulation . 
  this is just a different kind of discussion . 
  i just think that in broad terms , governments and powerful people use technology to further consolidate their power . 
  your example is very specific and minute , even , compared to the anarchy that follows the fall of an empire , would n't you agree ? 
  technology has always been a tool in the hands of the governments . 
  the steam engine and radio are prime examples of technologies that were crucial in consolidating the power of enormous empires . 
  today , we have countries that were far bigger than the roman empire and persia . 
  they will not disband due to geographic problems anymore .
