  most people speak through emotions on this issue . 
  they want to feel like they 're in power to somehow stop jihad by denying entrance to a bunch of people who have made a horrible mistake . 
  a lot of people want some feeling of revenge , but it does n't really make sense . 
  they are now the ones most aware of the horrors of ultraconservative totalitarian theocracies . 
  let them come back , keep a very close eye on them , and let them tell stories of what they saw . 
  this will prevent any other idiots from defecting . 
  or should we go back to the old ways of doing business and execute them ? 
  do thieves deserve to have their hands cut off now ? 
  we should be pragmatic about this and choose the option which results in the best outcome . 
   emigrants should n't that be ` immigrants ' ? 
  `` as an american '' `` texas here '' `` boston checking in '', 
  there is a huge difference between the stats and real life . 
  for example , japan 's fathers have the right to paid leave , but only some 2.5 % of them use it . 
  the number of days off work fathers and mothers take will hugely depend on not just cultural differences but the local economy . 
  this will make any comparison between rich and poor countries utterly meaningless , at least in this category . 
  the higher education gap is also very misleading . 
  it does n't matter when women do get that education when all of them major in some specific fields that do n't find any commercial application . 
  also , there are countries where almost everyone goes to university , yet no one improves their status by doing that . 
  and of course , some of those criteria are so wide and hard to define that they become meaningless for such a ranking . 
  the wage gap can be calculated in a billion different ways to attempt to filter out other factors . 
  and when virtually all of the other factors influence the wage gap , the wage gap itself is a mixed bag of hidden numbers not shown in the statistic . 
  i 'm sure if someone else , maybe with an agenda or a different methodology would try to do the same calculation , you 'd get totally different results . 
  then it loses its meaning , aside from being used as some kind of mild propaganda . 
  and as always , when millions of people 's lives are reduced to a dozen numbers , you have to ask yourself where is the inaccuracy . 
  you made me spill my cocoa . 
  because with every jigsaw puzzle , you have to start with the outer borders . 
  would you prefer the us to have a smaller presence on european markets ? 
  we buy your clothes , cars , military equipment , medicine , processed foods , electronics , music , games , tv shows , pop idols , ideology , and so on . 
  in putin 's dreams , europeans drive ladas instead of fords . 
  he does n't like that there 's a mcd , starbucks , burger king and kfc in every european town above 10k inhabitants . 
  it 's extremely naive to think that russia can only hurt you by dropping nukes . 
  they dream of making you go bankrupt and replacing the us as a world leader . 
  they want the us to lose all its allies and satellite states . 
  the fact that the entire eu is so friendly with the us is a major problem for russia . 
  just 30 years ago they controlled half of the european economies and governments . 
  solar and wind both have the inherent problem of storage . 
  not just in a daily cycle , but a yearly cycle as well . 
  we all need much more energy in the winter , when e.g. 
  german solar farms are nearly idle . 
  solar energy is also extremely inefficient in terms of space used and toxic by-products . 
  the solar industry produces huge amounts of highly toxic sludge and contaminated water . 
  then of course we have to properly dispose of old solar cells , as they by themselves are extremely toxic . 
  so all in all , nuclear is still not a bad idea . 
  especially in countries like the us . 
  americans are opposed to nuclear energy because of its bad rap , but they still need energy . 
  so instead of building new power plants to cover the next 40 years , they use obsolete and increasingly unsafe old plants . 
  are you surprised ? 
  this sounds like a really good shitty summer comedy . 
  i 'd definitely consider watching it . 
  does trump look like one ? 
  cause he was one . 
  and is there a miss bellum . 
  or perhaps the cold war against russia 's grandfather frost . 
  it 's not only less safe due to the rapists , thieves , molesters , and thugs among the illegal immigrants . 
  it 's also less safe because of the people reacting against the illegal immigrants . 
  their actions are somewhat justified , as the police and other institutions fail to address the problem correctly . 
  it 's less safe for existing immigrants who have already integrated , contribute to the economy and pay their taxes . 
  we 're letting the new wave of immigrants destroy any kind of trust between us and the existing immigrant population . 
  it 's less safe for the entire society due to radical parties winning more support , due to other parties not offering any working solutions . 
  and ultimately , it 's less safe for every single member of the eu . 
  if the eu is going to have serious problems because of this crisis , we 're all gon na lose because of it . 
  if the government starts funding free prostitutes for the refugees , i 'm gon na flip out . 
  no , they 're * vertically challenged * , you cur !, 
  the east german population is much more jaded and they are n't so gung ho about this crisis . 
  but of course berlin is a bit different from its neighbourhood . 
  if the police can not control 1.5 million immigrants , some of whom deal drugs , assault and steal , then we have to honestly accept that they undermine the most principal values of our society . 
  they endanger our rights , the rights which the police is supposed to enforce . 
  i meant that the seriousness of this entire huge discussion is somewhat undermined by the fact that most of those people have absolutely no life experience . 
  i would gladly contribute to this discussion , as there are many interesting issues that have been raised . 
  but then again , it 's friday , and i 'm drunk once again . 
  also , i find it simply hilarious how everyone takes themselves so seriously on this post , after the recent poll just showed that half of those guys are single , unemployed dudes . 
  at this rate , ya 'll have all the problems of the world solved in no time !, 
  there are many more space agencies in europe than just esa . 
  that 's the main reason esa has a smaller budget . 
  but the real question should be : is credit for the mission the return on the investment , or humanity 's further progress ? 
  they do n't want to do something against that . 
  their voters and sponsors are the owners , who do n't want their property to lose in value . 
  vinland is missing . 
  i see they 've got iceland back . 
  danes keeps their villages at a cap of 999 inhabitants . 
  every newborn person after that has to be ... taken care of . 
  yeah , but they 're not becoming business owners . 
  there is a lot of nationalism in the german market . 
  then they should simply be prosecuted as illegal immigrants . 
  they should have something to lose when they break the law . 
  i hate this stereotype spread around mostly by americans . 
  they lump together all of eastern europe or whatever and call it `` russian girls '' . 
  any country with access to hygiene , which has n't been affected by mass obesity will be filled with relatively attractive women . 
  i think what you 're describing is called the broken window fallacy . 
  it does n't help that the eu is a bloated mess of a bureaucracy . 
  why bother having borders , then ? 
  so that you let in only those who are not afraid to break the law ? 
  but of course , that would require people to ` resign ' to their fate long before taking on a job . 
  in my grandfather 's generation , only the extremely ambitious or the wealthy could get a higher education . 
  those were some 5 or 10 % of the people . 
  our current western ideology aims to even out the chances . 
  as you mention , the intelligent are supposed to get degrees , not just the privileged . 
  but to make higher education accessible to a wider range of people , we have created this situation . 
  i think it 's absolutely the problem here . 
  in this example of stem , once someone starts off as a technician , it 's extremely difficult to become an engineer .
