towards the end they took pride in both . 
  i recall reading somewhere that just before the constantinople fell , in the emperor 's last speech he called his men the sons of the greeks and the romans . 
  i do n't think it 's true to say people do n't understand a coalition . 
  nobody thinks that the junior partner will get everything they want . 
  the lib dems went beyond just having abolishing student fees in their manifesto . 
  they signed a pledge with the student 's union that they would vote against any rise in fee 's . 
  that 's a bit different since that promise does n't require you to win the election . 
  in theory it 's a no asterisks attached promise and it 's one they broke . 
  i understand why the students would see that as a betrayal . 
  you 're quite right . 
  although his deal wasnt revolutionary , the actual eu scots voted for was even further away from `` no exemptions '' membership . 
  well the 62-38 was in favour of the current uk deal remember . 
  not necessarily an endorsement of further integration . 
  during the 2014 indy ref unionists would use the fear of having to adopt the euro as part of their campaign . 
  there would need to be a fair bit of renegotiation presumably . 
  would the eu really offer scotland all the exemptions the uk gets ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence what huge shift in support ? 
  well i guess it 's time for the real drama to start . 
  yeah i agree . 
  i 'm talking if rejecting a referendum dramatically alters that . 
  the point being that repeatedly saying no is n't foolproof if it turns people against you . 
  if it got bad enough , a unilateral declaration of independence could start to become a popular idea . 
  i 've seen it used as part of `` wasp '' though i guess that 's more of an american thing . 
  none of those wars resulted in a permanently conquered scotland . 
  the noblemen who signed away her independence did so fearing the economic catastrophes of their own failed colonialism , not an english invasion . 
  i 'm not defending farage and the sun here . 
  it would only be appropriate if the eu had a lot more power . 
  my point is that i 'm annoyed by how everyone thinks `` usually its other countries getting independence from the uk '' is a good retort . 
  like the idea that it 's possible is ridiculous . 
  if you buy into the idea that `` ever closer union '' is inevitable ( which i do n't ) then the uk would be losing its independence . 
  the colonial history no more relevant than bulgarian revolts against the byzantines are when discussing the greek war of independence . 
  liberation is a stupid thing to say ( a given when we 're dealing with boris ) , but they guy you responded to was talking about the word `` independence '' you do n't need to be oppressed or forced to join a union to later gain independence from it . 
  after all about half of scotland wants to do just that . 
   for now , catalan people are spaniards . 
  they 'd be able to vote in the spanish-wide referendum as well , just as any other spanish citizen . 
  would catalonia itself be okay if , say , some random border town decided to switch over from catalonian territory to spain or france ? 
  of course not , those kinds of things would have to be voted on by the entire region . 
  obviously it is the case that we need to choose the minimum size for a region to be self determining somewhere , but i think that 's a poor example given that it already has autonomous community status and being a fairly clearly defined ethnic group with their own language and identity . 
  by most definitions they are a `` nation '' . 
   all democracies are `` tyrannies of the majority '' by their definition . 
  i therefore do n't see why catalonia should get a special treatment when it comes to deciding the future fate of spain , as it 's obvious losing one of their regions is going to be a huge hit on madrid . 
  no they are not . 
  the term refers to the use of democracy to enact policies against smaller ethnic groups . 
  such as by denying independence . 
  they do n't get to decide the fate of all of spain , just their part of it . 
  you do n't have the right to decide people 's future because you make money off them . 
   because in our world bigger states have more power while smaller states are easy to fuck with . 
  an independent catalonia would be weak and fully dependent on all of it 's neighbors , while a united europe would be the world 's # 1 superpower . 
  see the difference ? 
  and my great afro-eurasian federation would be even more powerful than that . 
  does n't mean it 's viable when the people do n't want to be united . 
  i would actually agree with you that an independent catalonia would be weak . 
  if i lived there i 'd vote to remain , but it 's not a decision i have any right to make . 
  the spanish government need to persuade the people with reasons such as these . 
   because if you start looking far enough into the past , you may find a huge ugly mix of nations , countries and borders . 
  it is therefore generally agreed that we should forget about the past and focus on the last century at most . 
  agreed , but the argument for a referendum does n't revolve around the fact that the kingdom of aragon existed 600 years ago . 
  the point is they are still a distinct people ( at least in their own minds ) today , regardless of how long they have been part of the spanish crown . 
   what i 'm supporting is a peaceful democratic process within the existing process of spain . 
  what you 're supporting is an unjust scenario where one region of spain gets more power than all others combined . 
  that they get more power than the rest of spain combined , over their own fate . 
  yes . 
  they should have more democratic power over the future of their nation than the rest of the world combined . 
  that 's what self determination is . 
   no , i endorse a spanish-wide referendum . 
  if the politicians of catalonia then decide they wo n't respect the people 's opinion , i suggest they either shut up or take up arms . 
  i 'm guessing a war between a minor province and a nato member would be short and painless anyway . 
  giving all spaniards a vote is denying peaceful self determination for the catalan people . 
  what you said and what i said are interchangeable . 
  what you are suggesting is quite literally `` tyranny of the majority '' in which people from seville get a vote on whether to oppress people in catalonia . 
   i 'm sick and tired of all these minor provinces trying to create their own dream state , all while we need to be moving towards a single full-united european federation . 
  i do n't see why your dream state is any more valid than theirs . 
  at least they seem to actually care whether the people living there want it . 
  maybe a european federation is the way forward , maybe not . 
  one thing is certain though , you do n't get a great `` federation '' when you establish and maintain it by military force . 
   catalonia has been a part of spain for 500 + years now . 
  they 're now an integral part of spain , unless the entirety of spain says otherwise . 
  i still have n't seen any explanation for why the number of years of union should matter at all , let alone why after an arbitrary cut off it renders self determination void . 
  what you are supporting is imperialism . 
  that madrid should rule over catalonia , not because of any genuine unity between the people , but because they want to and they have more weapons . 
   well , no . 
  you can also convince the bigger state to let you leave peacefully . 
  the only way to achieve that in the modern day is a referendum . 
  and you know as well as i do that if all of spain has a vote then `` please lose your richest territory '' is nearly impossible sell for the independence campaign outside of catalonia . 
  effectively you remove that option from the table , leaving only one other path ...  sure , and they 've had to use guns to gain back their freedom . 
   well , yes , of course . 
  but the canadians refused to listen to london and a war broke out . 
  the rest is history . 
   either they should start a war or ask the rest of the country for permission . 
  so yes you endorse leaving a violent revolution as the only realistic path to independence . 
  if the scenario occurs where catalan votes to leave and the rest of spain votes to keep it in , then it is not a regular state any more . 
  it 's an empire , subjugating a people against their will . 
  so effectively the only way to gain independence from a larger state would be to take up arms ? 
  that 's a worrying stance . 
  plenty of countries have had a section retain a distinct identity despite centuries of union/conquest . 
  the greeks were still a different people despite 400 years of ottoman rule . 
  i do n't see how the number of years is important . 
  should there have been votes held when the british empire was breaking up so canadians could be told `` actually you 're british , people in manchester have decided '' ? 
  the only people who should decide if catalans are spanish , are the catalans . 
  the big example of western nation with liberal gun laws does n't have a spectacular record of that keeping schools safe .
