  i laughed . 
  nozdormu , innervate , innervate , coin , sylvanas ? 
  lightbomb . 
  sometimes it outright wins you games but most of the time it 's useless . 
  love it . 
  the word meta means that the cards people play can change with time . 
  another complaint about hats ? 
  i should do this . 
  amaz got punished by a rank 25 basic cards player . 
  oil decks are rogue decks that use tinker 's sharpsword oil . 
  hunter player detected . 
  i saw someone coin totem + totemic might at rank 20 yesterday . 
  can confirm :p, 
  ms paint skills through the roof . 
  hello , hello , hello, 
  leeroy is 5 . 
  hemet should be able to kill dragons, 
  yeah control decks help me stay clam too, 
  what 's the difference between this and changing a random enemy minion 's health to 1 ? 
  i 'm going to do this when i win next time . 
  , , we are looking into it ``, 
  hello, 
  you should act a bit looser . 
  and it is 2 ^ 5 which is nice . 
  sneeds is value without getting attacks in , but when foe reaper attacks he has great value . 
  and weapons . 
  and spells . 
   forsen nature, 
  ftfy, 
  i got to rank 4 too with deathrattle shaman ( my highest yet ), 
  ocd much ? 
  so 27 % ~ free to play . 
  do n't dust any legendary between now and blackrock release is my advise . 
  i second this, 
  yes, 
  did you finish the last one after midnight ? 
   unicorn, 
  the thing with mekgineer is that , when you have a full board to trade away to summon leper gnomes , you 'd rather have kel ` thuzad , which not only does it better , but costs one less too , and can not be bgh ` ed, 
  pyromancer  force of nature  savage roar , is always nice, 
  try paladin . 
  works like a charm in mine . 
  it definitely says : `` whenever this minion takes damage '' . 
  this mechanic was introduced in the revealed cards already , so it makes the image more realistic imo . 
  edit : ` this minion ' instead of ' a minion ', 
  why does it have to be red ? 
  i count stallag and feugen as 1 legendary though, 
  edit : grammar, 
  this title though . 
  warrior . 
  just do n't have gromm and alextrasza, 
  it 's rogue . 
  i like the reverse gorehowl, 
  how would it work with normal shield block and then armor up ? 
  rip in pepperoni otk decks . 
  unnecessary flame ? 
  you can still run spells , you know ? 
  you thoughsteal jaraxxus , play him , and he plays nefarian . 
  people on reddit are a lot better than the average hearthstone player . 
  could 've been me . 
  maybe he meant ` defibrillating ' . 
  that 's impossible . 
  source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/arena#reward_structure, 
  it is still there with the name mech mage . 
  quality post right here !, 
  you need to somehow bait out the mind control with a less valuable minion , or you need to make sure you can answer the minion he will mind control . 
  when it is 10 mana always assume he has one unless he used one already . 
  do n't know if this helps , but hey . 
  kodo is random , and using 3 spells is not hard removal . 
  you do n't need duplicates to disenchant them , so that logic is nonsense . 
  wait , if you play chromaggus and wild growth , you get 2 excess mana and 4 cards ? 
  value !, 
  mind blast priest incoming guys !, 
  6 mana 5/5 : at the end of your turn , reduce the cost of the cards in your hand by ( 1 ), 
  and we need more deck sloths . 
  you need to craft a quartermaster to fix this . 
  cards that are n't a minion are spells or weapons . 
  mr. t kappa, 
  [ my pet ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/hearthstone.gamepedia.com/c/c0/shadow_of_nothing%28582%29.png ), 
  did the doomguard have 2 hp left ? 
  lol, 
   as a novice engineer, 
  oblivion !, 
  arena exists so that wouldnt work perfectly . 
  zetalot is not zetalot . 
  i somehow read singing as singsing : /, 
  ca n't even recognize normal words anymore . 
  maybe i should go out sometime . 
  imagine that in face hunter ... 
   reduced from 16 to -273,15, 
  ftfy, 
  the deathrattle meta is not really there anymore . 
  sure , most people are running sludge belchers and a few run shredders , but it is not what it used to be . 
  i run twisting nether and it is pretty good atm imo . 
  yeah it 's like saying 50 degrees celsius is twice as warm as 25 degrees . 
  what did he say ? 
  we can put this post in the row of `` hey guys i found this new glitch and i 'm sure i did n't disconnect from the game because he is still emoting '' . 
  op , you disconnected . 
  you can still emote while you disconnect from the game because emotes go directly instead of via the game . 
  indeed ( sorry for my bad english ), 
  because they are the same species .
