the new piloted sky golem is pretty useful as a lategame card in my oppinion . 
  you mean as fun thing or to earn money ? 
  not to be mean . 
  i guess i never concentrate when i 'm playing hearthstone kappa, 
  this ^ . 
  reddit should learn that hearthstone is a game . 
  1 word : shaman, 
   what 's your main class ? 
  you should save this file . 
  a year from now , look back , and you 'll know this was a pretty dumb post . 
  ( not trying to insult , just saying :p ), 
  i laughed so hard when `` cairne '' came up !, 
  thalnos is amazing , man, 
  because he is humanoid , he is a master of hounds , not a hound himself . 
  i hope this is a joke, 
   voltron would be devastating, 
  i think you do n't get what he was saying . 
  and te second bolvar, 
  or when a deathrattle is triggered ( both sides , and works with feign death ) this way it is a little more useful late in the game , but is rubbish on turn one . 
  well , i 'd rather get 3 hemets , than nothing . 
  got no legendaries so far , and opened 43 packs, 
  well , we already have nozdormu , 
  nah , he gets played himself . 
  this guy ( or girl ) is asking us a real question , and you tell him this ? 
  i do n't find this funny . 
  chance on a duplicate is 382 , but chance on a specific 2 cards is 382 ^ 2 = 145924, 
  edit : 1 in 382 and 1 in 145924 obviously, 
  seems like you divided by 0 :p, 
  shaman is pretty good at heroic naxx, 
  my best pack was jaraxxus and 4 commons . 
  and i 've opened a fairly decent amount of packs . 
  except that it is an ogre , 
  this looks rought like my constructed shaman ... 
  which region are you in ? 
  crumblecake # 2640 ( went rank 5 last season ) if you are in europe too . 
  shaman is a great counter to hunter , especially with antique healbot . 
  like your deck , but i have my shaman a little more controlly . 
  you know you just played it in between your minions after the creeper died , right ? 
  i hope for you this is a joke . 
  if it is , well played , you got me ... i guess . 
  can you prove that he did anything wrong ? 
  can you at least say what he did ? 
  this is just a stupid post , im sorry . 
  if you want to complain , do it right and give us something to think about instead of an empty petition . 
  i agree with you op, 
   it does n't see ~ ~ much ~ ~ play right now . 
  garrosh , because he has 30 hp kappa, 
  i would sign up for golden legendaries . 
  getting kt out of sneed 's old shredder 3 times in a row ... oh wait . 
  ^ ^ this, 
  heavier paladin beats paladin, 
  stay on target !, 
  was his board full ? 
  stop comparing things to war golem . 
  he is and will never be played outside of arena . 
  `` hello '' seems to be the most common one when you get double fireballed to the face . 
  i respect your oppinion but i do n't agree with paladins being frustrating and the meta being toxic . 
  in some languages februari is correct . 
  in english unfortunately , it 's not . 
  source ? 
  con ... gratulations ? 
  can confirm, 
  http://imgur.com/givi692 was an amazing 12-1 arena  felt so good . 
  except for hero deaths . 
  no , i do n't hear the resemblance . 
  i think you are being reminded of the songs in the world of warcraft taverns . 
   i found a cool artwork link, 
  * then where is the link ? 
  ^ the ^ joke, 
  your head, 
  mind sharing the decklist ? 
  works as intended, 
  handlock can not be bots and you probably had a disconnect . 
  you guys forgot the `` hello '', 
  so they finally did buff onyxia , huh . 
  now i feel like i need to make a kt + redemption deck, 
  you do n't have to be so mean . 
  saying `` you should send a ticket to blizzard '' suffices and is easier for you and less offensive for op, 
  greetings , mr social, 
  `` not always '' i 'm 100 % sure of that it 's the right answer . 
  rank 5 , playing since februari 2014, 
  only works for gvg cards at the moment . 
  footman shieldmasta, 
  the problem is that shaman does n't have ramp cards , so you can not build ramp shaman . 
  \u00cc hate you now . 
  what does etc have to do with this ? 
  if you play this game , you will lose . 
  this does not make you a ` loser ' . 
  growing up is the way to not being a ` loser ' , so the guy is right . 
  my apologies . 
  quality post right here . 
  and if people go and see because of things to be doing sentences making no sence being logical grammar ? 
  i laughed out loud because of the stupidity of his spalling, 
  random huffer . 
  but did they manage to kil ` jaeden ? 
  i laughed at this comment . 
  `` go home [ minion name ] , you 're drunk . '', 
  with the solo-stack trial , if you brew something back and play it again are you eliminated ? 
   one day there is going to be a deck centered around magma ragers that will win someone a tournament . 
   olive rouge,
