  i have played 1844 matches , and i have never been to lp . 
  it is not normal at all to get sent to lp when you act reasonably . 
  math checks out . 
  he means that a story usually has to be either in the past or in the present . 
  you mixed it up a little , though i did not find it bothering . 
  i do it all the time on drow to give my team a few points of early extra damage . 
  can you explain to me what a low calorie bee keeper is ? 
  dammit i 'm mad . 
  evil is a deed as i live . 
  god , am i reviled ? 
  i rise , my bed on a sun , i melt . 
  to be not one man emanating is sad . 
  i piss . 
  alas , it is so late . 
  who stops to help ? 
  man , it is hot . 
  i 'm in it . 
  i tell . 
  i am not a devil . 
  i level `` mad dog '' . 
  ah , say burning is , as a deified gulp ,, 
  in my halo of a mired rum tin . 
  i erase many men . 
  oh , to be man , a sin . 
  is evil in a clam ? 
  in a trap ? 
  it is open . 
  on it i was stuck . 
  rats peed on hope . 
  elsewhere dips a web . 
  be still if i fill its ebb . 
  we sleep . 
  deep , stark cuts saw it in one position . 
  part animal , can i live ? 
  sin is a name . 
  both , one ... my names are in it . 
  i 'm a fool . 
  a hymn i plug , deified as a sign in ruby ash ,, 
  a goddam level i lived at . 
  on mail let it in . 
  i 'm it . 
  oh , sit in ample hot spots . 
  a loss it is alas ( sip ) . 
  i 'd assign it a name . 
  name not one bottle minus an ode by me :, 
  `` sir , i deliver . 
  i 'm a dog '', 
  evil is a deed as i live . 
  dammit i 'm mad . 
  yeah , because lying is illegal on the internet . 
  read again . 
  the shelter was the church 's . 
  homeless people were defacating on the sidewalks . 
  the church helped them to a better place . 
  well , you might be right . 
  still though , the headline is misleading . 
  you are right sir . 
   savage, 
  you went on playing soda man and soda man 2 , right ? 
  why would you want to raise a child poorer ? 
  i know , i was just being pedantic . 
  it 's less than 1 second here . 
  i know that this is a month old , but your typo really cracked me up . 
  they are now . 
  i know you are kidding , but i think they let sand flow through the sandtimer while it has no top and bottom cap . 
  then the amount of sand that fell through the timer is put in the timer and the caps are mounted on the timer . 
  at least that 's how i assume they do it . 
  edit : nevermind , someone below already said the same thing . 
  everything is the same size on average . 
  am i having a d\u00e9ja vu or have you ( or someone else ) written this exact comment somewhere else ? 
  i am going crazy ... 
  they actually only stay red for a minute , but you keep missing green lights . 
  goodness gracious ... 
  i ca n't seem to find it . 
  could you link it , please ? 
  thanks !, 
  `` this middle aged woman lost 140 pounds !, 
  dieticians ate her ! '', 
  you are the 1 % psychiatrists do n't understand . 
  the fire department already watermarked the tree . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  can confirm : nut part is meat . 
  not being able to speak a ( maybe foreign ) language fluently does n't make you stupid . 
  the way you think and speak about others , and the way you get so agitated so quickly does , however , make you come through as stupid . 
  somehow only making fun of black people and islam is not done . 
  making fun of everyone else , however , is encouraged . 
  this is what 's backwards . 
  i see where you are coming from , and i am definitely not encouraging racism . 
  i am just saying that sometimes people need to see that they are being hypocritical . 
  do n't fuck the children , please . 
  in my language , however , the word decimeter is commonly used . 
  sometimes i even use ` cubic decimeter ' instead of liter . 
  to be honest , blue highlights would fit pretty well , as phoenix is made of fire . 
  eternal schr\u00f6dinger, 
  personally , i thought season 8 was a great end to the show , but that might just be me . 
  you messed up with mana break and lifesteal . 
  can confirm , is a good boy . 
  dotaer : from which political position are you going to change this time around ? 
  thanks for fucking us over by abolishing the scholarship . 
  student party ?
