well , the relationship between banning symbols and freedom of press is n't a linear expression . 
  here 's the thing - the swastika and other blatant nazi imagery ( swastika-laden eagles , nazi salutes , etc. ), 
  are obvious symbols of nazism . 
  i think it 's perfectly understandable as to * why * these things are banned in germany - just how it 's perfectly understandable as to why the red star and the hammer & sickle are banned in most of eastern/central europe . 
  these symbols brought untold suffering to people in those countries . 
  but these are * symbols * of * specific political parties * that killed millions and oppressed countless others . 
  the ideologies and ideas behind them are n't banned in a free society - just massively disliked . 
  you are entitled to your opinion in germany , as long as it does n't include parading with swastikas . 
  it 's a nuanced discussion on what can be construed as hate speech and what ca n't , and where the line has to be drawn regarding freedom of speech - when it comes to nazi and soviet imagery , personally , i 'm perfectly happy to see both of their symbols banned . 
  however , i object to neo-nazis or communists being silenced , simply on pure principle . 
  i hate both of their ideals , but i grew up in a country where it used to be illegal to oppose communism - i 'd rather have my freedom to an opinion and tolerate idiots than smugly shut them up and risk getting the same treatment in the future . 
  yknow , `` first they came for the socialists , but i did not speak out , because i was not a socialist ... '', 
  what happened to freedom of speech ? 
  make no mistake , i hold no sympathy for these alt-right nazi fucks , but as soon as you start to crack down on their opinions for being * opinions * , you start a dangerous precedent . 
  once making * any * speech illegal is legitimized , then freedom of speech has failed . 
  the nazis killed my family , and for the longest time in my country stating your political opinion was suppressed and outlawed . 
  i 'd rather have freedom of speech and ignore these shits , than have them be silenced and thus risk the entire foundation of freedom for it . 
  dresden was notably bombed by the allies during world war ii - hence , there 's a little bit more local memory regarding the nazis than in other parts of germany . 
  hey , that 's me, 
  you are really making me miss the mountains in winter right now ... 
  damn , you are a dicke . 
  so bad . 
  it 's so annoying when i ca n't fit my luggage above my own damn seat . 
  at least poles actually work and integrate , you self-righteous idiot . 
  hahahah , peace keepers . 
  i 'm surprised they were n't just tourists on vacation . 
  hahaha , confused me too . 
  beats me . 
  i do n't know , i get that this is a joke , but in all seriousness ... the oder-neisse line was compensation ( and buffer ) given to poland after ww2 by the soviets . 
  germany never gave poland reparations ( it was offered , but declined under soviet pressure ) - if you ask me , while reparations would n't change too much , it would be a nice gesture of german cooperation and tangible atonement . 
  but then again , sons should not necessarily pay for the sins of their fathers . 
  it 's a hard question . 
  yeah , for all the complaining and condescending comments that so many remainers are spreading ( and while i 'm not a uk citizen , if i could 've , i would 've voted remain ) , they are still somehow deluded that throwing a fit in a newspaper will change anything . 
  uk will leave the eu . 
  let 's work on pragmatically making it something positive , or at least not disastrous , instead of whining on and on . 
  these fucking nazi puns make me so salty . 
  they 're not even funny , and we 've all seen then like a thousand times . 
  never in my life have i seen something so mercilessly beaten into overuse . 
  i bet you would 've looooved to be under papa stalin 's boot . 
  be grateful your country did n't get fucked over too bad . 
  alexander was s l a v i c / s, 
  great patriotic war started when they were invaded , what are you talking about ? 
  so we 're gon na pretend they did n't aggressively : 1 ) invade & annex latvia , estonia and lithuania in 1940 2 ) invade & annex romania ( moldova ) in 1940 3 ) invade & annex parts of finland in 1939 4 ) invade & annex parts of poland in 1939 5 ) create forced puppet states in romania , poland , czechoslovakia , east germany and bulgaria post-war and exploit them for 50 years . 
  bullshit they were n't the aggressors . 
  their damn `` great patriotic war '' starts in 1941 for a great propagandistic reason - it sets them as the victims of german aggression . 
  which , yes , they were - but it pretends they were n't invading others too . 
  cheers , 
  same thing about `` protecting ethnic minorities '' in eastern poland . 
  and just today i argued about this on reddit with some idiot . 
  it 's disheartening how many people believe blatant , unhistorical soviet ( or , in some cases , german ) propaganda ... 
  because in the kremlin they believe russia does n't owe us anything . 
  that 's what i was parodying beforehand - despite the fact that they invaded us with the germans , and then installed their own puppet regime afterwards . 
  why would russia accept the request ? 
  comrade , remember that the great patriotic war only began on june 22nd , 1941 , during which the glorious u.s.s.r. saved the beleaguered poland from fascist aggressors . 
  russia owes nothing to poland - indeed , the dishonorable poles are being rude upstarts for demolishing soviet monuments on their territory . 
  we had this...pre-existing condition . 
  yknow , the soviet union . 
  legal makes sense here - it means `` to write down '' or to `` put ink on paper '' or `` to write down into law '' . 
  me too , represent !, 
  not really . 
  i 've been to capri ( and amalfi ... everywhere , really ) and it was a blast . 
  disgusting to look at, 
  delet this, 
  there is no logic to these alt-right idiots ' arguments . 
  living in italy for the past decade , as a legal ( polish ) migrant , i 've witnessed mass illegal migration from mena and its effects first-hand . 
  honestly , it 's not pretty , and while i do not like it , claims about `` rapefugees '' or `` white genocide '' or whatever other crap the alt-right pushes is utterly nonsensical . 
  the economic situation , especially for young people , is n't exactly pretty either . 
  glad i 'm moving for university soon , but italy honestly is in dire straits . 
  the migrant issue definitely does n't help - nor do the massive issues the mafia and government incompetency causes . 
  i 've also worked with refugees in rome and london - the entire situation is a lot more complicated when it comes to the effects that migrants can have on a society . 
  living in italy and seeing it change has jaded me a little , and left me largely opposed to unchecked migration , but it 's almost too late to stem the tide now . 
  or at least it feels like that sometimes . 
  please ? 
  even older !, 
  look up the drang nach osten , 
  ah , that makes total sense . 
  i 'm moving there soon , so i was wondering if there was something glaringly wrong with the city . 
  thanks  i partially grew up in warsaw , which was destroyed too , so maybe it 'll give me a bit of nostalgia . 
  what 's wrong with rotterdam ? 
  war in ukraine , last thousand years of history , typical russian rhetoric about expansionism to '' '' '' `` protect '' '' '' '' themselves . 
  plus russian sabotage of foreign elections does n't exactly inspire confidence . 
  are n't we speaking * european * right now ? 
  easy . 
  pineapple pizza . 
  happens in rome sometimes - infuriates me to insane levels . 
  told an american guy i was from poland . 
  mentioned i speak polish . 
  `` you guys have your own language ? 
  i thought you spoke french '' . 
  i was * this * close to losing my shit . 
  i play way too many paradox games , so yes . 
  easily content with it , as it allowed my family to emigrate and succeed outside of poland . 
  my life would be completely and utterly different had it not happened - i 'm as much a product of the eu as i am a pole ( if not more ) . 
  yes , as i speak polish . 
  i 've lived in italy for about a decade now , and i 've seen immigration first-hand . 
  i 've worked with refugees and migrants here ( in rome ) , and in london . 
  alt-rightists foaming about the islamization of europe are idiots . 
  white genocide is bullshit . 
  that being said , i am very much not a fan of illegal immigration - especially unskilled , cumbersome immigration from me/na that is a burden on the economy and on the italian state , just adding on to the many issues already present here . 
  but these idiots are either a ) racists , b ) idiots , c ) alt-righters ( racist idiots ) or , very , very rarely , d ) misinformed , but well-meaning people who just happen to read & believe things like breitbars and infowars .
