a strawman of it , rather . 
   geographically , perhaps , but culturally russians have much more in common with their mongol ancestors . 
  a good chunk of europe has asian ancestors , especially in the east . 
  but as soon as military history is brought up , everything changes ? 
  their guess is as good as ours . 
  no international investigation was conducted as of now . 
  also , read the rest of the article . 
  anyway , there were also reports of war crimes in july . 
  and several members of the odessa civil society ( incl . 
  priests ) reported threats made from euromaidan activists . 
  http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/124216 and your third article mentions the osce confirmation as well . 
   and even more so germany was known as one of the kindest imperial leaders and had no intentions of genocidal acts or other war crimes . 
  lol . 
  schlieffen plan not real . 
  marrakech crisis not real . 
  germany , the `` kindest imperialist '' . 
  the only thing kind about them is being late to africa . 
  their mitteleurope domination plan was no kindness . 
  eastern ukraine got bloody monthes before any russian intervention . 
  it got violent when the ukrainian army launched their onslaught . 
  this subreddit is lost as far as reason is concerned . 
  not what i did . 
  go back with arguments , fool . 
  there were . 
  even the osce documented them . 
  no , this was started by the coup in ukraine . 
  slow down with your jumping conclusions , freud . 
  as for arguments , the bar is low enough on this subreddit that getting to argue on ground of quality is preposterous . 
  i 'm unsure of the religious and sexual orientation of the fine mass-murdering folks of the azov battalion , of the oun , of pravy sektor , in short of the political and initial military backbone of euromaidan , but they sure do look like nazis . 
  what do i look like ? 
  it 's just that / r/europe tends to be fanatical and very pro-german , pro-us . 
  for example , everybody is treating the ukrainian battalions like they 're fucking heroes ... 
  they have goddamn mass graves of civillians killed by them . 
  the ukrainian government has no moral high ground on the russian governement . 
  it 's chocolate oligarchs vs oligarchs . 
  but because they want to join the eu ( which has amazing pr giving it a switzerland-like image in terms of geopolitical innocence ) , and destroy their standard of living in the process , everybody is up in their pants . 
  thankfully no . 
  european folks are more critical than / r/europe folks . 
  russia did n't start the war . 
  german-backed euromaidan did . 
   for us germans for example going out and demonstrating or striking has become part of our culture . 
  if the people were as discontent with the government as , say , the koreans , hell would break loose . 
  meanwhile the koreans , who are fairly new to western ideals , have teeny weeny demonstrations that get squashed by riot police before anyone sees them while their government proceeds to arrest artists who dare insult dear president park that 's less about culture and more about the reactionary nature of park . 
  i never tried to barter at open-air markets or for food in general . 
  heck , in the north of france , you can barely touch the merchandise without the seller fucking yelling at you . 
  learned this harshly . 
  but i 've been buying old books and militaria for years , and i often try to get bundles or negociate on prices . 
  most stores everywhere that sell a specific category of merchandise can be negociated with ; as long as they 're not chains . 
  i doubt anybody , russian , arabic , or english , would negociate over groceries . 
  just like in the winter war, 
  metre comes from * metrum * ; which in turns comes from greek * metron * . 
  the ussr and the prc were already divided , and at some high-points hostile , since the 60s . 
  if you 're into aeronautics , you can visit the biggest airbus plants in toulouse , along with the a\u00e9ropostale museum . 
  there 's also some nice countryside . 
  ( because apart from sightseeing there 's not much to do in the city , imo ), 
   mulhouse has the largest automobile and train museums in europe !, 
  yeah , it 's just to prove that there was once an industry there . 
  hey , there 's new schools in europe too . 
  the middle school i went to had just 5 years . 
  most of the old buildings ( incl . 
  schools ) are located in city centers , as they are the historic city . 
  otherwise they 're in the countryside . 
  those living in the suburbs or in the outskirts rarely get to pass by a building that 's older than wwii . 
  during the journ\u00e9es du patrimoine you can visit them at night !, 
  against concrete ? 
  might as well bring a lance , ten bottle of oxygens , and protective gear . 
  or if you 're more down to earth , a jackhammer, 
  and in russia , 35 families owning the wealth . 
  to the ground, 
  if the catalan nationalists think they will get an inch of territory from france , they 're delusional . 
  in what world do you eat local food ? 
  i sure do n't . 
  also , do n't take my word on this , but were n't healthy animals spotted in the area ? 
  yeah , we 'll put all of our energy generation in the fucking massif central so some paranoids luddite can stop freaking out . 
  seriously , in more than 30 years of operation , there was never an event above level 4 in france ( which means that we never had to resort to any kind of emergency scenario ) . 
  they mostly happen one or two times a year . 
  fessenheim wo n't blow up . 
  gross exaggeration . 
  chernobyl will probably be safe in 20-30 years . 
  we 're already paying more for gas ... no thanks , we wo n't hike up our electricity prices because of some middle class eco + fantaisist . 
  as it stands , nuclear is fit ecologically . 
  and it 's becoming better and better . 
  the pollution is easily conceiled , and it 's becoming easier to use them as fuel too . 
  a non-issue for the most part . 
  we can hardly build more hydroelectric barrages now in france . 
  afaik , we did them everywhere we could without causing massive damage . 
  you ca n't build `` the equivalent with renewable '' . 
  most renewables do n't produce a stable amount of energy . 
  they can only be used as an auxiliary source , if you want to maintain an industrialized country that is . 
  imho , with all the research that 's coming out ( or could be coming out without the budget cuts ) , nuclear is fast on its track to lose all of its more fervent critics . 
  i did n't know the kremlin hated putin and united russia as much as i do . 
  anyway , you do n't really know my opinion about that sort of thing . 
  also , i 'll cut you off right here , because lenin never uttered the words `` useful idiot '' . 
  ( he 's the usually credited source for the locution , aha those commies led into a wall by their own ally ahah ), 
  i admit i did n't have much faith in discussing with people who constantly look out for opportunities to call anyone they discuss with a `` opponent '' , `` putinist '' . 
  as if you could n't have an argument without branding anyone who disagrees as an enemy . 
  when out of arguments , resort to outright personal attacks . 
  as if you 're a special snowflake . 
  you use exacly the same rhetoric as anyone would use to defend your agenda . 
  what , you mean they did n't give away ukraine to nato ?
