  is it because i criticize your propaganda techniques and the war policy of israel ? 
  are you in the same bulk of people that think i 'm for `` white genocide '' because i am/was against apartheid ? 
  your baseless attacks do nothing to hide the ideological bankruptcy of your positions . 
  they also reveal that no-one can discuss with your kind of scum ; because you treat any opponent as an enemy belonging to the other side , as a `` shill '' . 
  the fact that you lay `` trap-cards '' to defeat your interlocutors is clearly indicative of this . 
  it 's not cognitive dissonance ... 
  the partisans that liberated europe did the same ... 
  in france , they hid armaments and imprimeries in schools and hospitals . 
  ( and the nazis did use the same propaganda tactics against them that you use against palestine , see l'affiche rouge http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affiche_rouge ) when you are occupied , you do n't have the luxury to afford safety . 
  also , your wikipedia link is full of [ citations needed ], 
  and , as usual , your statements are totally supported by sources and reality . 
  tagging u as putnist asiatic horde muslim barbarian top lel . 
  now , off to brigade / r/russia !, 
   so it was not hamas who unilaterally broke multiple cease fire agreements by firing rockets from apartment buildings ? 
  israel initiated this retaliation by invading . 
  besides , gaza is one of the most populous place on earth ... 
  there are civilians buidling * everywhere * . 
   israel does n't send children to blow themselves up in palestinian busses what are you on about ...  nor does it hide it 's military leaders in a synagogue with women and children positioned around it as human shields . 
  ditto to my first point . 
  gaza = civilians everywhere . 
   for the majority of national eurosceptic parties i 've noted it goes hand in hand with a focus on immigration policies or even islam , etc ( notably they want less of it ) . 
  i never said otherwise . 
   do n't try to find excuse to their actions . 
  i did n't . 
  and frankly i do n't want to debate this in / r/europe . 
  and since when yelling `` they are not european , they are brooooowwn '' is a justifiable opposition to the lootings ? 
  some pro-eu parties * are * islamophobic . 
  and frankly , the federalists are just as reactionary , as they supported the ukrainian coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  when it comes to lepen , i really do n't put much trust in their flak against the eu . 
  i find the pro-eu zealots as despicable . 
  hell , when it comes to bashing muslims or war refugees , the two groups very often overlap . 
  putin shill right here boys !, 
  from what i see , it 's standard procedure for this subreddit which routinely defend the scummiest actions , if it allows them to hate on the foreigner ; all the while pretending to be for common identity and peaceful cohabitation . 
  says the guy who sports the symbol of the cancer of europe . 
  oh yes , they should be grateful that their country supports the massacre of palestine . 
  / r/europe extremists are more scary than muslims at any rate ahaha, 
   europe is more of an idea than a region in this context . 
  ( stuff like democracy , personal freedoms , no religious/racial hate , etc. ), 
  then the eu does a shitty job at representing those ideals . 
  let us apply this principle to ukraine and spain , then . 
  yeah , those stupid asiatic hordes / s, 
  at least our hooligans do n't kill policemen . 
  at least our newspaper do n't spout : * `` achtung surrender !, 
  '' * * `` let 's blitz the fritz '' * and other garbage ( this was out during the 1998 world cup ) . 
  i 'd take pro-algeria supporters burning renaults clios over english goons any day of the week . 
  you will never top the reactionary english gutter press and hooligans in term of war talk in totally unrelated settings . 
  this is what gives football a bad name , and rightly so . 
  fukushima did n't `` blow up '' . 
  in context , it means he does n't like living where everybody looks the same ... of course , context rarely interests political intriguers . 
  i do n't think you were born when the su collapsed . 
  edgy, 
  the rudest waiters i have ever saw are in the uk . 
  and i 've not only been in london . 
  ah , the unfit dies . 
  such pacifist . 
  i can see the eu is for the good cohabitation of the peoples . 
  `` the guardian can not produce conclusive evidence '' end of story . 
  the eu is n't supposed to be a war machine . 
  the us wanted it so in the 70s , it was voted out . 
  and it 's not some acting pole american stool who will change that . 
  yeah right , what are you , a social-democrat ? 
  a liberal ? 
  examine your own intellectual baggage before attacking mine . 
  well , they associate it with a better life . 
  go talk to them . 
  well , if they want things they associate with the ussr ( better utilities , better minorities policy , better life overall ... ) , i can see them waving the soviet flag . 
  [ yes , because people never embraced ideologies against their interest . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:jewish_nazi_collaborators ), 
   they were clearly trying to provoke a reaction yeah , that 's the goal of protesting . 
  the fluchthelfer received `` compensation '' from the brd , so still traffickers , althought they were state-sponsored . 
  what i said is not `` whataboutism '' . 
  / u/pwndbyautocorrect attempts to take a moral highground on international issues , i just remind him his precious utopia is n't that perfect . 
  pointing out fallacies without any counter-argument for your opponent actually is a fallacy though . 
  what i did was indeed not mishonest nor a fallacy , i simply made him realize a lot of things he says about international issues are a projection about his own insecurities . 
  a bit like when the crazed brutal southerner blames islam for craziness and violence . 
  or when kerry says you do n't invade nations nowadays . 
  or when obama speaks about violation of national integrity . 
  or like conspiracy theorists , which you baselessly accuse me of being part of . 
  so , victoria nuland 's phone calls , and tymoshenko 's statements about wiping off the russians are fake , right ? 
  who 's the theorist now ? 
  to me , those who are blind enough to think russia is the grand master of some kind of domination plan are the real crazy . 
  yes . 
  the same who would have greeted hitler when he invaded prague . 
  the same who played the world for their interests . 
  those who wanted the antisovietic block with nazi germany , and eventually got it with the eec . 
   designed by dictators/oligarchs for dictatorships/oligarchies . 
  totally not like the eu , amirite ? 
  jean monnet , totally not a american banker influence agent . 
   soviet invasion of afghanistan [ which put india in danger ] india supported the soviet invasion . 
  i completely disagree with the point you 're making . 
  nevertheless , kaliningrad . 
  so you like the fascists . 
  no surprise you support washington and kiev . 
  well , if you 're going to jam traffic , it has to be planned . 
  it 's a practical issue . 
  but i guess that in the eyes of internet libertarians any interaction with gubernment = authoritarism . 
  til france is n't civilized . 
  elections enabled the yanukovych government . 
  the reason would be the behaviours of the german intelligence itself , simply . 
  the boycott was decided before the intervention in afghanistan , although you 're right it was a pretense .
