  yeah , at the time many folks hated the idea of the olympics taking place in a socialist country . 
  but the olympics were still a success , for many `` new '' countries entered the competition and made it that much interesting . 
  the imperialist powers were simply afraid of competing with them , and afraid to compete in moscow . 
  cuba for example , registered a huge success in those olympiads . 
  him . 
  but russia during communist days produced , engineered , did successful research . 
  now they import everything and very clearly do n't know how to invent and produce anymore . 
  so if nothing changed , then why things got worse ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  the ussr was organized , more liveable than the post-soviet countries . 
  just look at the 1980 olympics . 
  wow , you manage to blame it on the dirty reds when the wall fell 20 years ago . 
  besides , the 1980 olympics were gorgeous , so i 'd say communists rock at olympics . 
  that explains it . 
  i realize you 're russian , but i still do n't think that 's general knowledge . 
  how come you are so knowledgeable on this ? 
  thanks . 
  i was n't sure about the precise date . 
  it 's just that i have an old photo of my family in the soviet union in front of a pepsi machine , dating from 1979 . 
  i 'm not defending the russian foreign and domestic policy which i abhor . 
  but i do n't think falling in the designs of america and the uk is an effective way to oppose them ... 
  particularly when the same people who present themselves as paragons of human rights are found fueling obscurantism in the middle-east and elsewhere . 
  i think the boycott of the games was designed right from the start in the basement of the white house and of the european parliament . 
  it was kickstarted in 2008 already when the czech foreign policy ministry karel schwarzenberg slandered the russian leadership and called for a boycott of the olympics games , under the pretense of protesting the russian foreign policy if the czech government was truly concerned with the freedom of the peoples , it would also have called for the boycott of the london olympics . 
  since the host country was a charter member of the nato , the international band of criminals who ravaged iraq and lybia , and attempted to militarily intervene in syria . 
  heh , pepsi cola was available in the soviet union as early as 1979 iirc . 
  some american states . 
  this policy was decided by the states and has nothing to do with the federal power which is the main force organizing the virulent campaign against russia , with childish practices . 
   abuse of the local population like in london  fraud , corruption like in london  bigotry and hate like in london . 
  like during any olympics ever . 
  why do you feel the need to formulate that remark here and now ? 
  especially when we 're out of the 2012 london summer olympics which were a farce to any honest progressive . 
  the bashing is really hypocritical ... 
  when were rights for homosexual folks ever defended during olympics anyway ? 
  the fact is some people in presidential palaces decided they would boycott the game the second the comittee chose russia , picking homosexuality as a pretense . 
  damn i wish i could go there ... 
  except all the sympathisers of the ukrainian communist party who just expelled your sorry ass from cities like louhansk . 
  the komsomols and the communist party right now are mounting brigades to expell all fascists from ukraine , and i hope you 're one of them . 
  and the army and the public servants are with the honest ukrainians like those i listed , not with the eu funded fascists . 
  those folks pillage streets , destroy war memorials , and damage vital administrative buildings ... what kind of saviours of ukraine are these people ? 
  would you tolerate these thugs near you ? 
  i know i hardly would . 
  only 34 % of the ukrainians feel european anyway . 
  a smallish comittee piloted by a certain german woman of a certain german party , headed by a notable antisemite . 
  we should start with udar and svoboda , 
  you say the eu protects democracy . 
  i say look at jobbik . 
  also , did n't know barbados was an eu country ... til !, 
  hungary truly is a democratic haven, 
  their industry will clearly bomb yours when you enter the eu , 
  state intervention has nothing to do with socialism . 
  keynes was n't a socialist . 
  ( edit : to be clear , socialism does imply state intervention , at least for me . 
  but that does n't mean state intervention is socialism . 
  there has to be a general policy to be considered as such . ), 
  when was belgium - or any western european country for that matter - ever socialist ? 
  as much as banning fishbowls is stupid , parliaments are used to debate of all concerns , pressing or not . 
  i mean i agree with you that it 's really stupid , but this is not a counter-argument . 
  i think i might have irish ancestry . 
  john player . 
  is n't it 1643 ? 
  all souls ' day ? 
  it 's celebrated by every christians . 
  it is nominally . 
  but russia is not communist . 
  you have 22 years of catching up to do !, 
  nope . 
  relearn your fallacies : ** this : **  a : true communism is actually like that  b : he said it was communist  a : he 's not a true communist ** is not a fallacy !, 
  ** ** scotmen fallacy is changing the point of the argument to suit one 's rhetoric , it rather sounds like this : **  a : all communists are like that  b : he 's communist and not like that  a : he 's not a true communist ( althought i still vehemently disagree with / u/kikarisha when he says the ussr was n't communist . ), 
  communism was n't presented by marx or marxist-leninists as a paradigm , but as a way to solve the contradictions of classes defined by the early marxists , by suppressing them . 
  there 's a ton of marxists disagreeing with the dictatorship of the proletariat experienced in the ussr too , althought i 'm not of them . 
  feel free to ask the communists at / r/communism101 , or debate them at / r/debatecommunism, 
  how did you deduce this from what i said ? 
  marxism is n't only about marx by the way , and he did major mistakes about the character of socialist revolutions , there exists a marxist critique of marx , which does n't feel fundamentalist to me . 
  then their theory fails . 
  in marxism , at least , theory is based from empirical evidence . 
  please explain , using quantum mechanics , why communism works in theory but not in practice then . 
  because i admit i know absolutely nothing on quantums , except the schrodinger cat paradoxis , which would somehow imply you could not say communism has failed or succeeded . 
  you ca n't separate theory from practice , your argument is non-sense . 
  hyprocrisy from depardieu because his career was subsibized by tax money . 
  film industry in france is , and always was , heavily subsidized . 
  it 's like french citizens paid his salary . 
  and now ? 
  he justs fuck off because of taxes , the very taxes that made his job and his prince 's life possible . 
  but i 'm not surprised of his move , gerard always was an asshole , like that time when he peed in a plane , in front of everybody . 
  a true dipshit . 
  go down to toulouse !, 
  alright , we keep our electricity . 
  good luck with candles . 
  only one friend of mine talked about that to me . 
  and he was n't excited . 
  also french news did n't report this . 
  so fuck you , france 24 , i thought you represented us among the world , not u.s. 
  this is france , not saudi arabia ... 
  there is next to no `` crazed radical '' . 
  let 's face it : your generalizations are incompatible with cleverness . 
  either you start using real arguments , or you keep to your stereotypes entirely created by political elites to justify their cultural imperalism , so they can invade countries , rape occupied citizens and rape them to death . 
  there is no reason to tolerate the inherently stupid . 
  go fuck yourself , from an atheist . 
  you are the illiterate guy there .
