  i 've had as much good conversations with sunnis , protestants , catholics , as with atheists . 
  religion is not about cleverness !, 
  but you lack the philosophy to understand how it functions . 
  fuck , you 're doing what i 'm dreaming of ... 
  the map is wrong , it shows kosovo . 
  not many bp stations around where i live , if at all - is their gas more expensive ? 
  do you invent your stats or what ? 
  importing american culture . 
  it was three d\u00e9partements, 
  the french did that way better, 
  we were that powerful . 
  nerfing us is to be a player endeavour . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/potsdam_agreement funny how people seem to know everything about wwii , but ignore the contents of the most important treaties, 
  considering how common sense nerfed the russian region , i understand them . 
   what is institutionalized religion then , and the religious identity created around it ? 
  so for you , christians , jews , muslims , are by definition more loyal to each other/the pope/caliphate than their friends and countrymen ? 
  because that 's what tribalism is . 
  if you go by another definition , please do clarify it . 
  and i seriously doubt a french catholic would feel closer to a lithuanian co-religionist than a french protestant/atheist . 
  that was n't particularly offensive or insulting . 
  i mean the permanent residents there have the same rights and duties as their m\u00e9tropole fellows , they vote in the national elections ( [ as well as european ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overseas_territories_of_france_ ( european_parliament_constituency ) ) ) . 
  there is varying autonomy ( case by case basis with each territory ) . 
  it 's economically where they 're a bit screwed , but i think they 'd be worse off if they were cut off from the m\u00e9tropole , as there is way more money coming in than out . 
  pretty much . 
  there are often local referendum either on the topic of how to administrate them , or for outright independence if the local politics put enough pressure . 
  ( the latter never happened since 1976 in mayotte , but will happen in new caledonia ), 
  get out of here , guadeloupe is n't a colony . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find `` colonies '' in french oversea territories . 
  it 's not even in the united nations list of non-self-governing territories . 
  i am currently residing in guadeloupe , so i doubt that . 
  ( or maybe once or twice during the odd colonial war ), 
  i was semi-obviously referring to the kerfuffle with / u/dclauzel, 
  there has never been any german soldiers in my part of france . 
  i did n't know british mps had to take that vow . 
   most gays are paedophiles paedophiles can marry though :p, 
  nobody is bashing / u/matrysylva for daring to submit a non-english speaking link ? 
  or is it only germanic languages that 's allowed as opposed to latin ones ? 
  well duh . 
  a sample does not need to be big , it needs to be representative . 
  tl ; dr , we need the merkelreich top kek . 
  no , you 're the first one actually . 
  also , you 're northern . 
  i know i know , petty detail . 
  to run people over probably ... 
  yes , questions are intentionally broad so that there is multiple facets to explore . 
  rewording/detailing the question typically goes in the introduction . 
   define meaning . 
  that attitude only works on reddit . 
  you germans sure love your `` reservations '', 
  i think he 's talking about kaliningrad . 
  no shit . 
  if they were n't enthusiastic they would n't be in the young europeans . 
   yeah , that 's bullshit . 
  morocco has various separatists movements in the north and in the south . 
  the only meaningful movement is the polisario . 
  there has never been other separatist movements . 
  you say those would-be movements were stronger back in the day ... do you suggest hassan ii would have been lenient on those ? 
  moroccans are not `` ultra-nationalist '' . 
  they are surrounded south and east by algeria-polisario . 
  i would suggest cleaning before your own door on the nationalism issue , before disparaging other peoples . 
  die linke is literally `` the left '' . 
  and as far as i know , nothing goes to show that they have received any international funding , let alone russian . 
  no , this i got . 
  the second part :  and that 's not the message they are being funded to promulgate ? 
  can you clarify what you are trying to say ? 
  or they 're so good they named another place by it . 
  steel production still has an important place there . 
  its initial wealth was n't shabby at all too . 
  wales . 
  have they wronged anyone since they were in the uk ? 
  it pretty much is . 
  bishop of urgell and french president are co-princes, 
  luxembourg actually had its initial wealth from steel production . 
  the announce actually indicates another coin commemorating the same event ... a czech coin would n't have `` rf '' ( r\u00e9publique fran\u00e7aise ) with french language now on it now , would it ? 
  also , you forgot about family . 
  family , everywhere i can think of , is kiss . 
  handshaking my father or my brother , i flinch thinking about doing that . 
  their look would be priceless though . 
  no true scotsman , right ? 
  nobody talks about it . 
  i do n't remember the last time it was reported in the front page of any major news outlet . 
  the geese are no more abused than any other animal ; in many case they are treated better . 
  so unless you go vegetarian , you have no business to give us lessons . 
  by and large , the assimilation to the english language is more a cultural thing than a professional requirement . 
  so the countries that are less americanized ( as the usa are the major vector of anglo culture , having surpassed the uk long ago ) speak less english . 
  cultural closeness also plays a part , the netherlands and germany being germanic nations . 
  so i guess that 's why we dub movies - do n't the italians , the spanish , the romanians do the same ? 
  i do n't think it relates to the economical advancement of a country at all . 
  you do n't need to be able to hold a conversation in a foreign language , after all , for most professions . 
  yeah we might have lagged behind , but many young french people do speak foreign languages . 
  if not english , it will be spanish or german . 
  rarely two of these languages if they cared a little for the second foreign language ( i never heard of anybody caring ) . 
  yeah we do , but sometime we do n't even understand anyway . 
   there is no wars oh , how ignorance is bliss ... 
  no , of course not . 
  heck , speaking broken spanish or french is n't `` rude '' . 
  it just makes me uncomfortable when i speak your language and ca n't understand your handbook french . 
  i 'd rather a tourist speak a language we both understand ( like english ) , rather than a broken french i do n't understand . 
  do i need glasses , or someone has just moved the goalposts ? 
  hitler did .
