  in comparison noone really expects great morals from nations such as russia , china or eritrea . 
  so they get much less critique and we 'd move on to other topics . 
  right now is the perfect moment for both nations to work this out . 
  both sides can and should approach this massacre honestly . 
  i hope you all will finally find some conclusion or else this issue will remain unresolved in the back of your heads and cause unneccessary tensions . 
  we deserve this . 
  our entries performance felt like a comedian making fun of our real entry . 
  there are a lot of people there who have learned russian as a foreign language , which helped considerably to set up business relations there . 
  i 'll throw k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad in there for the suggestion . 
  we germans do n't want it anymore anyway . 
  we 'll just need to get it from the russians , surely wo n't be much of an issue . 
  97 % in 1:47 ... dammit balkan !, 
  france is so far away now . 
  if we ever have a war against each other we should just meet halfway in belgium . 
   a turnout of at least 30 % was needed to make results valid . 
  on the 6th of april , 32 % of people showed up to vote , of which 61 % voted no . 
  in other words 20 % voted no and 12 % voted yes . 
  just imagine , if just a few yes-voters would n't have showed up , then they would have gained what they wanted . 
  man , that system kinda sucks . 
  in this case if i would want to vote yes , then i 'd be worried that i might just help the no-vote reach the necessary amount of minimum overall votes . 
  thus i 'd have to ponder whether i want to go vote and lose or avoid voting and win . 
  it really disincentives voters from participation . 
  i think it would be better to require the winning side to have at least 15 % of all eligible voters . 
  that way it would no longer disincentivize anyone and would be much fairer to all sides . 
  in this case it probably would not have changed the outcome though . 
  i 'm starting to understand now why so many voted leave . 
  you know , why not the `` united kingdom of great ireland and northern britain '' . 
  just imagine the mockery possible with taking away the abbreviation of uk from the english . 
  now all we are missing is mexico . 
  the trivialization of corruption must be stopped . 
  keep up the good fight people of romania !, 
  sounds great !, 
  we 'll get around funding that as soon as the new berlin airport is finished . 
  if the distance is too great then the lessons are usually slotted in the early morning or at the end of the school day . 
  this way everyone can save one trip to school . 
  also for travel purposes there will be a free period in between the swimming ( or sports lessons ) and regular lessons . 
  i know , yes , sadly you speak the truth . 
  it 's just i feel that the spd has been heading into more conservative directions under steinbr\u00fcck and gabriel . 
  i wish they 'd be a bit more confrontational with the cdu rather than slowly merging with them . 
  well , at least merkel is n't so bad , leagues better than zensursula . 
  he would make a great president no doubt , but i much rather would have him continue as a foreign minister and potential chancellor candidate during the election next year . 
  i thought it was triggering because neither of you could afford a meme/potato on their own . 
  took me way too long to realize that switzerland has been , more or less , * anschlussed * . 
  also this time the uk ai n't got no channel . 
  time for some britskrieg !, 
  i agree and i too expected much less at first . 
  i also believe this number has been slowly rising over the years . 
  the situation in the ukraine and the concerns of our eastern eu partners definitely raised awareness among the people and created a political willingness to improve and act . 
  now , more than ever , you have proven your worth to at least us germans . 
  lowering taxes wo n't do much to change the intend of our mittelstand companies . 
  if they can do something then they will do it independently of how much they are taxed . 
  after all `` less profitable '' is still profitable . 
  besides , our countries has to pay it 's own debts as well . 
  instead the government should improve upon its efficiency at using money , so it can become more feasible to lower taxes in the future . 
  a raise to the income is something i completely support . 
  it 's a massive amount of people with proper wealth that sustain and balance an economy . 
  one problem i see is the maximization of profits in order to please shareholders has taken priority over investing in the people that buy their stuff . 
  this is something however that the government is barely able or , considering our current coalition , unwilling to influence . 
  the obama government is bit more of a moderate in that regard , most us economists however do seem that way . 
  i always thought the us supports a complete free market ? 
  if so should n't they respect other countries for their trade success ? 
  or could it be that free and almost completely unmanaged capitalism has its drawbacks after all ? 
  yes , this consistent imbalance is quite the problem for the whole market system , as it means wealth is drained from other nations and piles up in place . 
  of course the common workforce barely notices this as most of the wealth stays in the hands of the already wealthy . 
  other countries however get poorer and poorer , since no one wants to invest in the `` poor '' or `` unsuccessful '' . 
  there is just this little thing : people have this tendency to want to eat , drink and live . 
  if they ca n't do any of that they tend to become unhappy and possibly radical . 
  huh , who would have thought . 
  to solve this imbalance you ca n't however just keep companies from creating and selling . 
  there needs a lot to happen in order to stop the imbalance and create wealth for everybody . 
  yet none of our modern capitalist would want any of that to apply for themselves . 
  of course the others ^ tm ( e.g. 
  the germans ) should implement it , because that 's totally cool with us . 
  i still do n't find the statistic on the least funny country funny . 
  the percentages simply do n't add up . 
  long time ago i used to have a bit respect for these institutions . 
  that is completely gone , for a while already . 
  for years now i 've been hearing stories about racism , misbehavior , incompetence and cover ups , and the shit still keeps piling up . 
  i 'm worried about the fact that these people are responsible for our `` security '' . 
  it was about damn time that some of this shit got into main stream media . 
  as for this case specifically ... 
  murder is bad and i 'm disgusted by it , no matter who was murdered or what background they had . 
  what really gets me is the way how prejudices influenced these investigations . 
  this another big piece on the pile of shit the bnd and the verfassungsschutz have been building . 
  in my mind , there need to be some extensive investigations ( with real results ) into racism within our institutions , and one hell of a purge of nazis and nazi-supporters . 
  good news and let 's hope this is n't revised later on . 
  this is only the first judicial instance after all . 
  [ soon !, 
  they are going to warn us every week now , are n't they ? 
  meh , most of the time it is n't . 
  since it 's proof that many have n't learned a thing . 
  you think this is a joke ? 
  we already took over the last question !, 
  do n't tempt us . 
  search your feelings . 
  you know it to be true . 
  but we are german , we always make people feel uneasy . 
  i tried pulling my mouth down with my fingers , but then other people around me started showing similar symptoms . 
  i fear it 's spreading through the air . 
  do n't worry , everyone knows soon all will be germany .
