  i had no idea people could do this . 
  i believe you meant to say danzig . 
  first of all thanks for the response , really apreciate it . 
  i always love getting honest feedback and views from individuals from other nations . 
  you are right that there is quite a bit of corruption on the eu governmental level . 
  this is largely due to the fact that most eu citizens just do n't pay attention to that level , instead they focus on the national level . 
  on the eu level no one is really held accountable for anything and only because noone cares . 
  take away the national level and people will start taking notice and they will start caring . 
  of course we would still need an infrastructure for transparency and the possibility to react ( for example by taking it to court ) . 
  the fact that the eu already has a lot of power but is overseen is a real problem , because national politicians abuse this system . 
  let me give an example . 
  there was a lot of trouble in regards to data collection on a national level . 
  the german government under merkel first passed a law to wildly collect communication data . 
  there was a real shitstorm going on against the government then , so merkel supported to stop using the law . 
  then the conservatives under merkel went on to lobby for the data collection on the european level , which comparatively went widely unnoticed . 
  now these laws are back bite us in the ass and merkel claims she ca n't / could n't do anything abut it since it 's coming from above . 
  so yes , i want those in europe with more power , so they can be more easily be seen and be held accountable . 
  i fully understand however that east european nations prefer the current status . 
  a close bond to the western nations offers diplomatic stability and econmic growth support while still maintaining their independence . 
  this is clearly understandable considering that pretty much all of them ( and poland on the forefront ) have been without national freedom for quite some time . 
  the eu in it 's current form ( possibly without the euro ) offers exactly this balance they seek . 
  within the western european nations however there is a minority that wants to look past the nationality , and it is slowly growing , probably not getting a majority anytime soon or at all . 
  i am one of those ( if it had n't been obvious so far ) . 
  i do acknowledge that no matter how hard we try , there will always be some kind of baggage , but this is something we have at least to try to overcome instead of succumbing to it . 
  this does however mean that we also have to overcome our national interest , and instead have a dual focus on our european as well as our regional interest . 
  a european politician will barely know about structural weaknesses in a province of eastern hungary , that 's what we need local representation for . 
  final words before leaving : signs like `` sponsored by ... '' are annoying if they are plastered into your face . 
  a little plaquette really would be much more enjoyable . 
  and i sincerly hope we can overcome our burdened history and our people can move on as equal partners and friends . 
  i personally see the polish as an important part of the eu , and they will contribute their part to a more tolerant and open european society and thus giving it a new face . 
  besides on economic interest we have a lot in common . 
  still i will remember her now and forever as the whore of the worst president of federal germany . 
  this was her one defining moment . 
  i 'll link you to this [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zn6v7/would_you_support_an_independent_bavaria/c66mkpc ) now that i 've written it out . 
  the background : the biggest problem in today 's political system is corruption , and we have that corruption in pretty much every country ( in some it is just `` better '' legitimized or hidden ) , and yes there 's quite some high level corruption here in germany too . 
  right now , the european parliament is probably the least corrupt government institution , mostly though since few really care about it . 
  in the end though somebody has to do the governing . 
  be it on a national level or a european level . 
  abandoning the politicians on a national level would greatly reduce the amount of politicians that actually have a say in thing . 
  with fewer politicians to monitor it 's easier to see who does what and allows more easily to react and even blame them for some things . 
  another problem : right now , we are doing a lot of the blame game . 
  if the eu does something good , our national and regional politicians tend to claim the credit even though they did n't do shit . 
  if something is messed up though , politicians usually fault the eu or other nations . 
  this is easy to do in our current structure , just blame someone that your voters ca n't really influence and also never give them credit . 
  try that again when you 're not in charge anymore mr. national politician . 
  what i imagine : i imagine a government body on a european level and one on a more regional level ( such as bavaria in this case ) . 
  the european one is in charge of more diplomacy , financial organisation , as well as military matters , while the regional ones are responsible for education ( including culture ) , local industry and other local concerns . 
  there probably would be another governing level below that for cities . 
  another thing i would do then : regular voting every couple of years for the president/chancellor/governing council or whatever will be our official head of state . 
  but asynchronous regional voting for the european parliament . 
  by that i mean every region has it 's own time when they vote and send their voted politicians to the european parliament . 
  instead of one big europewide vote , we have constantly votes going on somewhere in europe . 
  this forces parties to adapt to an evershifting parliament and the current will of the people . 
  now this is kinda experimental and surely needs some more thinking , but which governmental structure was n't like that at some point . 
  tl ; dr read the damn text , we wo n't change anything by being lazy . 
  opinions and responses welcome . 
  i believe i said '' ** proper ** eu government '' . 
  i mean , look at our current government , can you call that proper ? 
  most governments in the eu ca n't be considered that way . 
  besides i 'd like to have a proper government for once , and i would n't mind sharing that with others in some kind federation . 
  i would n't mind bavaria becoming an independent state under a proper eu government , along with all the other states . 
  i really love that idea . 
  `` how dare he insult the count of toulouse !? 
  bring forth the chickens !!! '', 
  well maybe they did n't have any in the wild , but in ancient times they were imported for colosseums . 
  by our god jupiter , to what else should we feed all those pesky christians that seem to be popping up everywhere . 
  it 's deutsche bank , i would be surprised if they were not involved . 
  i was wondering if this takes into account that the eu has multiple teams starting . 
  and they do in fact admit in their description that they do n't . 
  in exchange they point to the table at the bottom where they compare whole continents . 
  well , i got fired from my previous job because the american `` mother company '' really crashed in 2008/2009 . 
  have always been pushed around there and never been taken for full . 
  but soon i got a new job and successfully saved that companies ass . 
  now i lead my own department and have my own projects . 
  so i 'm hardly in a position to complain . 
  shut up , austria . 
  go back to your alps !, 
  i like to explain austria as the canada of germany , right next to it but always forgotten . 
  i can only agree to everything you said . 
  but i still stand by my point that the commission is highly undemocratic . 
  or actually i should rephrase that : the commission has it 's uses and is especially useful for some preliminary talks , but they have authority far beyond that . 
  that authority should rather be with the european parliament , since the parliament is a proper representation of all eu citizens and unlike the commission includes parties from the opposition as well . 
  and all the secrecy of the commission is the worst part of it , as it takes out practically every other control instance . 
  well , i personally think the european commission is highly undemocratic . 
  sadly the one institution of the eu where we as a people have proper influence on , the european parliament , has barely any relevance . 
  now then , let 's see if they will undo the internet censorship , reduce their big brother like surveillance . 
  nothing stopping them there now . 
  also important is how they will tackle the financial crisis . 
  that will be my basis for rating them later on . 
  please butt heads with merkel . 
  she needs to consider europe more important than she is doing right now . 
  they are talking about a paneuropean federation , which would still include germany . 
  she 'd still be our boss and as a dictator we 'd never be able to vote her off . 
  the only thing you 'd accomplish by that is to increase my own personal despair . 
  d : ca n't we just sell her of to the republicans in ` merica . 
  i still can hear them moan about romney . 
  let them see what a german conservative looks like . 
  totally offtopic , but ... 
  ever heard of gema ? 
  to quote themselves `` whoever wants to playback or perform music in public in germany will become , as a rule by doing this , a customer of gema '' ... and by their definition that even includes sites like youtube , and they want to get paid per view .
