but eu/na sanctions have nothing to do with these goods . 
  i can imagine poland and other affected nations to be actually quite happy about this . 
  * edit : * it even proves russian sanctions to be quite inefficient . 
  you mean russia sanctioning belarus ? 
  these are russian sanctions towards the west afterall . 
  i doubt that will happen . 
  i did n't know either . 
  apparently i 'm missing out . 
  a fine choice there . 
  i think they 'll do well . 
  yeah , that i can agree on for the most part . 
  i do n't like the idea of the us leaving nato completely . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , we europeans need to learn to cooperate better militarily on all levels . 
  dude , you 're paying more on healthcare than any of us , and you 're getting less out of it . 
  so are we finally getting rid of our own agents spying on us ? 
  both are affected . 
  zivildienst was replaced by the [ bundesfreiwilligendienst ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundesfreiwilligendienst ) ( sorry , german only it seems ) it 's voluntarily and of a duration from 6 to 24 month . 
  ah , right . 
  i remember . 
  and i 'm quite fine with that . 
  i do n't really mind the service , it does offer real opportunities after all and it might be exactly the right thing or a needed experience for some people . 
  i 'm still not fond of it myself though . 
  germany abolished the madatory military service a few years ago . 
  i never was really fond of it , since it takes away a year of your live . 
  you can make use of this time , but it 's also time you could spent studying or fully learning a job . 
  however mandatory service did have one advantage , it kept the base of the military a civilian force rather than an economic/political one . 
  for a dictatorship it 's a lot easier to keep their military under control if it 's bought rather than forced . 
  occupying ? 
  nope they do however give a bit of a consumption boost to the local economy . 
  the troops and headquaters for their operations can stay , it 's their spy buildings over here , financed by german taxpayer money even , that i want shut down . 
  [ ] ( / creeplestia ) i on the other hand slept through most of the day . 
  but the sun has been creeping on me and made me go voting . 
  well , to be fair , the talk is about london , but i can understand your gripe . 
  * edit * okay neutrolgreek talked about england leaving, 
  sorrrrrry , no rrrolling rrrrrrrrr 's to be found herrre . 
  it would be ` das wurstk\u00e4seszenario ', 
  wait , i know that anime . 
  so why does this use one of the two american characters when there were so many europeans to choose from ? 
  must have been made by a troll . 
  source : [ upotte !! ] ( http://myanimelist.net/anime/12317/upotte !! ), 
  definitely not the eu . 
  perhaps for currency unions and related matters . 
  however i do believe that such a split could hinder the long term goal of bringing every eu nation to a common living standard . 
  i 'm not an economist though , so i rather let experts lay out the way and explain them , then i choose sides . 
  hmm , so in serbia you would have to share bunks with half a body while in latvia you could tear down some walls between cells to increase the living space . 
  why are russia , greece and bulgaria coloured but unlabeled ? 
  yep , something like a global union , with the eu being one corner stone , the nafta possibly another , and in time we could get mercosur for south america as well . 
  ( yes , i 'm being quite ambitious here ) each member area would have it 's own level of integration , while ensuring global cooperation . 
  or if necessary some russians who would like german citizenship . 
  you know , why does n't england just exit the uk . 
  that way they get to leave the eu and you scots wo n't have to bother reapplying . 
  in my region we were taught either a chosen religion or ethics which included an overview and understanding of major relegions , common morals and several well known philosophies . 
  i agree , i wonder what the costs are of trying to protect it . 
  then again , i suspect once they actually do start burning it down officially some arsonists will try to burn it before its scheduled time . 
  i 'm glad she 's there and not anywhere else . 
  it 's one of the most ungrateful and uninfluential positions in our country . 
  all you ever get to do is reform our military , take the blame for failures , the budget is strictly dictated and you do n't even get to decide the conflicts . 
  the first time for me hearing estonian and all i can think about is how close it is to the finnish language . 
  you can talk about the war as much as you want , but do n't mention the schnappi !, 
  yep , but it 's still a pile of stinking bullshit nonetheless while the people get screwed over . 
  this is on the same level as `` nobody has the intention of building a wall '' . 
  the article seems to be gone ... 
  anyone still got the content ? 
  ** edit : ** found a [ copy of the article ] ( http://www.limit.ws/revealed-secret-european-deals-to-hand-over-private-data-to-america/ ), 
  i started learning it in 1991 while playing video games on the pc . 
  i played motherfucking kings quest 1 during 2nd grade . 
  the game where you had to still type in the actual commands word by word . 
  in school of course i was still being taught how to properly read and write in german . 
  three years later i * officially * started learning english . 
  sometimes my english teacher would come up to me for vocabulary that she did n't know , because apparently that was faster than getting the dictionary and looking it up . 
  to be fair this was in former east germany only a few years after unification and the quality of our english teachers was questionable at best . 
  i know , but really , who cares . 
  in the end it just gives us another opportunity to make fun of the stereotypes . 
  i hope this time you will evaluate which germany is the least funny germany . 
  personally , my bet is on the 3rd . 
  yeah , i had to think a while on that too ... then i saw vatican-city as an option . 
  ah , yes , the 2nd iraq war . 
  terrible thing that . 
  that 's what you get for living directly next to [ iraq ] ( http://www.kraftfuttermischwerk.de/blogg/wp-content/uploads2/2012/06/irak.jpg ), 
  just checking something : / r/northeurope / r/southeurope phew , the devide is n't that deep yet . 
  it 's true , they are in campaign mode , but then again in this particular case i highly doubt it to be a campaign action . 
  they would n't drum up other countries for their own local campaign . 
  with the cyprus deal on the other hand i can agree that campaigning did play a decent role in their choices . 
  a step like this could be interpreted as the needed legitimisation for a wealth transfer , e.g. 
  euro-bonds . 
  which in turn should help finance the economically troubled countries . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  yes , let 's all just stop making politics , because that will certainly help things . 
  oh and please completely disregard the other 13 countries backing this . 
   important however is that , even though this is not a legal necessity , ** it is without precedent in postwar germany that someone other than the candidate of the largest party in the bundestag is even attempting to enter that bundestag vote to become chancelor . 
  ** not the `` largest party in the bundestag '' but the `` largest party in the governing coalition '' . 
  it might be the case that it always happened like this , but no coaltion would vote for the chancellor candidate of the opposing party even if they have a few votes more . 
  if the spd and the greens get a majority together they will form a coalition . 
  the cdu would most likely still be the biggest party in the bundestag , yet merkel sure as hell would n't become chancellor . 
  but you will set a bad example for children who might be watching . 
  seriously , that is the main reason . 
  who would downvote you for that ? 
  the 2 % who most likely do n't even know what a reddit is ? 
  you probably would get a lot of political discussions ( britsmostly for eu stuff though ) and be criticized , however that is often because we hold you up to higher standards and we want you to be better than you are . 
  might even be a subconcious effect .
