i live 5 minutes from ballymun, 
  i have never heard this happening and i 've lived in dublin my entire life, 
  people in ireland call the language irish . 
  when you 're speaking in english you use english terms . 
  you do n't say you 're learning espanol or deutsche , you say you 're learning spanish or german because they 're the english terms . 
  ireland is n't a part of the commonwealth ( hence it being a republic ) . 
  the president of ireland is the head of state . 
  whatever about \u00c9ire , the phrase `` southern ireland '' is not perfectly acceptable to say , and is usually used by people with an agenda . 
  as per the irish constitution , the preferred name is \u00c9ire only when speaking in irish , and ireland when speaking in english . 
  `` southern ireland '' is county cork, 
  what ? 
  the minimum wage here is $ 8.65 , not $ 7, 
  2 points off cyprus . 
  we 're done wales . 
  take your sheep and shove it up your arse, 
  7 points to the uk ? 
  christ . . we 're like the abused wife that keeps going back to her husband, 
  fuck europe we should have backrupted ye when we had the chance, 
  my very point is that religion or levels of religiosity have very little to do with general public opinion towards abortion . 
  political and cultural dynamics play a far greater role , and no country is the same in that regard . 
  tbh i do think a referendum on limited abortion like you mentioned would pass , but it would be a horrible campaign and nobody wants that so soon after the ssm referendum which showed just how divisive a referendum on these social issues can be . 
  i think you 'd agree that in any country abortion is an extremely contentious issue . 
  unlike a lot of other western countries , legalisation of abortion in ireland requires a referendum . 
  i do n't think ireland is alone in how divisive such a referendum would be , which is why a lot of political parties are afraid to broach the issue . 
  there 's still a lot of reservations around abortion which arise from the genuine belief among a lot of people that a fetus has a right to life except where it compromises the mother 's right to life . 
  in addition to this , we 've just come off the ssm referendum which was one of the most divisive and vulgar campaigns the country has seen . 
  it would be a drop in the ocean compared to a national discussion on abortion which many are not ready for . 
  people like to think that it 's just us being little ole ' catholic ireland without appreciating the political/societal dynamics at play . 
  i think a more likely referendum will centre around loosening rules around abortion for those with fatal foetal abnormalities or arising from rape . 
  that would pass with ease . 
  because our entire banking system would have collapsed otherwise . 
  the bank guarantee was a bad idea , yes , but our banks would 've need to be bailed out regardless due to the impact of the property crash and global recession . 
  what will ? 
  can already tell this wo n't happen any time soon , at least not in the suggested speeds of eurozone/non-eurozone . 
  absolute zero chance of the irish electorate passing a referendum to give up corporation tax control . 
  i 'd also say the fact that ireland has the youngest population in europe has a lot to do with it . 
  staging the uprising during ww1 while britain 's forces were engaged elsewhere was seen as their only chance to stage the uprising . 
  in the context of how brutal they believed british rule was over the preceding years , i 'm sure they saw no reason to give britain the benefit of the doubt and wait until their army was ready, 
  i 'm not really sure what point you 're trying to make . 
  age of majority is fairly standard in any country to differentiate between being a child and an adult, 
  like any country that has a drinking age , a driving age , a voting age etc ? 
  ` this day ' as in easter sunday . 
  simplified it for the title instead of going into unnecessary detail about why we 're celebrating it today, 
  the irish minimum wage was 9.16 . 
  now 9.25, 
  theresa may has repeatedly said that her aims in repealing the echr are : 1 ) to stop the british army from being sued for human rights abuses abroad http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-army-soliders-human-rights-law-deepcut-barracks-death-father-response-a7344191.html 2 ) so they can revoke citizenship of people they believe to be terrorists . 
  currently the echr prevents a government from making a person stateless, 
  * religious * marriage is between a man and a woman . 
  there is no secular reasons why a civil marriage must be between man & woman exclusively, 
  nice treaty, 
  could learn a multitude of things which make us the 2nd best country in the eu and 4th best country in the world to do business . 
  like that we 're [ ranked 1st in the world for personal freedom , or 8th for investor protection , 9th for monetary freedom , 11th for technology or 11th for market performance . 
  unfortunately we only rank 6th for tax burden ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/ireland-still-among-top-countries-to-do-business-forbes-1.2471015 ) . 
  or that we 're the [ 3rd most competitive country in europe ] ( https://www.imd.org/uupload/imd.website/wcc/scoreboard.pdf ) ? 
  or one of the [ top 10 education systems ] ( http://www.idaireland.com/invest-in-ireland/education-and-skills/index.xml ) in the world ? 
  or where we rank [ no. 1 in the world ] ( http://www.idaireland.com/docs/publications/facts_ireland_2015 ) for availability of senior management and adaptability of the workforce ? 
  facts probably do n't have a place in this sub i guess . 
  how dare a small country on the periphery of europe do well for itself in so many different metrics, 
  ireland has the joint 3rd highest hdi in the eu and 6th in the world . 
  romania does n't even place in the top 50, 
  i do n't think the 4th point is entirely fair . 
  the actions of the ecb & some eu politicians toward ireland during the financial crisis , overstepping their remit to the detriment of the country left a sour taste in irish people 's mouths over european politics which i think is fair enough . 
  the reality is we 're a small country on the periphery of europe and while we 're definitely european , we 've always been considered separate to the continental countries . 
  we would absolutely be an afterthought in any federation, 
  that 's not the point . 
  an eu army would be representative of the entire eu ( by virtue of it being the european union army ) and therefore needs the buy-in of the entire eu . 
  you ca n't have just some member states going on an offensive abroad with an eu flag on their arms when their actions do n't represent the entire eu, 
  i do n't see how it could be a voluntary basis . 
  an eu army would be carrying out defensive/offensive operations in the name of the eu which is all 27/28 member states, 
  can not see an eu army happening any time soon . 
  there is a lot of anti-eu sentiment since brexit and to push ahead with further integration so soon would be premature . 
  i know here in ireland at least we would need to have a referendum for such an army which almost certainly would not pass as it would require is to give up our military neutrality . 
  i 'd imagine there 's several other eu countries with similar sentiments, 
  and it 's the issue of transfer pricing that is in contention . 
  in its methodology the ec used a different interpretation go transfer pricing to the standard principles agreed by eu and oecd countries . 
  so one of the pillars of ireland 's appeal is that the ec can not just make up its own definitions of transfer pricing to those accepted internationally and such an attempt to do so appears politically motivated . 
  your point about an apple store in ireland is a bit of a stretch . 
  ireland does n't have an apple store because it 's a tiny market . 
  belfast has one because it 's an entirely different country and apple already operates stores across britain so it 's easier to set up a store in the same jurisdiction but which effectively serves both ireland and northern ireland . 
  if the commission is claiming that a specific deal was given to apple that was not given to others ( ie - this entire judgement of unfair state aid ) then yes i 'd hope it could prove that the same methodology was n't applied to others . 
  i do n't think you understand the ruling . 
  apple paid the standard tax rate on value created in ireland , as per the tax determination made by our tax authority . 
  revenue ( the tax authority ) also used the internationally accepted principles of transfer-pricing used as standard in oecd countries . 
  the eu , in its determination , deviated from these principles and used a very loose determination of transfer-pricing which is unlikely to be upheld by the ecj . 
  again , the ec has stated itself in the original ruling that other countries ** would ** potentially have a claim to the 13 billion as a stated above . 
  if you have any other information to the contrary from the ec ruling then do share . 
  as i mentioned elsewhere , other countries do indeed have different rates . 
  but headline rate and effective rate ( what companies actually pay ) are two different things . 
  for example france 's headline rate of 33.3 % but effective rate of just 7 % for large companies http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/paying-taxes/pdf/pwc-paying-taxes-2015-high-resolution.pdf the worst case scenario in all of these is europe-wide , and not just ireland . 
  as many companies and politicians ( including angela merkel ) have said , the ability for the ec to retrospectively apply tax determinations will have a chilling effect on investment across europe and is unprecedented . 
  ultimately it is now for the ecj to decide whether this is a case of state aid rules being breached or the ec overstepping its remit and dabbling in sovereign tax affairs . 
  the state 's defense is based on the non-standard or internationally-accepted definition of transfer-pricing the ec used to come up with figures such as 0.005 % , and revenue opening up their books to show that their methodology used to make these determinations was not applied unfairly to apple at the expense of other companies , but instead the same methodology of taxing value created in ireland is applied to all large companies . 
  in their report they claim that other countries may have a claim to the 13 billion apple owe ireland . 
  the commission report states that other member states can claim from ireland `` if they consider that apple 's commercial risks , sales and other activities should have been recorded in their jurisdictions '' . 
  ie - ireland acting as a tax collection authority for other member states . 
  in fact this contradiction is key to ireland & apple 's appeal . 
  either ireland granted illegal state aid to apple in the form of 13 billion euro 's worth of waived taxes , or other member states failed to tax revenues made in their country appropriately ( otherwise the ec would n't state they had a claim to taxes that should 've been paid in their country ) . 
  also a key part of the defense is that the ec has zero proof that this was a specific deal made with apple . 
  they have only investigated apple in ireland and come to this conclusion , but revenue ( the tax collection authority which acts independently of government ) claims that it has the power to make tax determinations for any company ( as is standard practice european tax authority ) and is will be opening its books in the state 's defense to show that such determinations are in practice across the board , thus showing it is not a breach of illegal state aid to a specific company . 
  every single country 's tax authorities have incentives to multi-national companies .
