i 'm irish , not american !, 
  it 's annoying how up their own asses europeans are when it comes to certain topics . 
   forced to speak english  irish culture wew lad, 
  it was n't a colony , it was a military occupation . 
  that 's like calling france a german colony . 
  for goodness sake , i 'm not british , i 'm irish , i just said `` british isles '' because it 's the first thing that came to my head and i thought since it was commonly used internationally it would n't matter in a european context , even though it 's never a term i 'd use myself . 
  i did n't realise it would cause so much fallout . 
  was that supposed to be a dig at the celtic languages ? 
  it was n't very good . 
  yeah that seems to have been a blunder . 
  i 'm irish myself and would never use `` british isles '' anywhere else but i just wanted to use the simplest term possible , but i seem to have ruffled a few feathers . 
  being irish i never use it myself but it seems as good a grouping as any to not confuse an international community . 
  i have a feeling the welsh is wrong as it said the same exact thing when i just put the phrase through google translate , but i do n't speak welsh so i have no way of knowing . 
  let me know , welsh speakers !, 
  oh , right enough , i 'd forgot all about him !, 
  for actor i 'd say michael fassbender , liam neeson , domhnall gleeson , brendan gleeson or cillian murphy . 
  for actress it 'd have to be saoirse ronan , though historically it would probably be maureen o'hara . 
  there 's technically no direct transliteration from arabic into latin script so you can spell it however you want really . 
  / pedant, 
  [ or\u00f3 s\u00e9 do bheatha bhaile ] ( https://youtu.be/azdrgqllcgs ) is a favorite song of mine and as far as dancing goes , there 's the [ sean-n\u00f3s ] ( https://youtu.be/jfoymeicn20 ) style, 
  indeed !, 
  my mother has the same problem , you 're not alone !, 
  the traditional answers would be m\u00e1el m\u00f3rdha or diarmait mac murchada i suppose . 
  the catholic church did n't really become a negative force in irish society until you lads showed up . 
  from 400-1200 ad everything was gravy . 
  ah , i kid . 
  in all seriousness things did n't get bad until we had to depend on the church for basic institutions that we could n't build up ourselves . 
  the questions seem a bit strange to me . 
  believing that god created the world and that the universe came into existence through the big bang are n't mutually exclusive . 
  georges lema\u00eetre himself was a priest , after all . 
  are ethnic germans not who come to mind when you see the word `` german '' ? 
   was the crusaders ' slaughter of jerusalem 's population - including women and children - in 1099 not `` real '' christianity then ? 
  no , i 'd argue it was n't , there was nothing christ-like about what they did . 
  if jesus himself had killed thousands of people , then maybe . 
  but muhammad was the founder of islam , unlike the crusaders and christianity . 
  he was a military leader who commanded offensive operations at the expense of other people . 
  that makes him a political figure and a violent figure , there 's no reason that a politically aligned , violent militant is any less of a muslim than a peaceful person praying . 
   i know what real , non-political islam looks like -- peaceful friday prayers at regent 's park mosque are a million miles away from a militant publicly executing his own mother on the streets of raqqa . 
  was muhammad 's conquest of the qureish not `` real '' islam , then ? 
  today i present you all with the greatest irish delicacy my feeble abilities can muster : ** c\u00e1is agus p\u00f3nair\u00ed ar th\u00f3sta **  step one get some beans  step two cook beans  step three toast toast  step four slice cheese into thick but tiny chunks  step five butter toast  step six place cheese chunks upon toasted toast  step seven pour beans onto cheese-toast concoction  step eight stick it in the oven if you like your cheese a little more melty  step nine eat if you have n't ordered something more appetizing by now  step ten wash up after yourself , you grub, 
  so what you 're telling me is that the pope , whoever he is , adheres to catholic dogma ? 
  whaaaaaaaat, 
  two wrongs do n't make a right !, 
  both enda kenny and michael d. higgins are fluent in english and irish but i do n't know if they speak any other languages . 
  the united states started as a colony . 
  it does n't have a native people ( as a state , obviously native americans are native to the area ) . 
  you ca n't be ethnically american . 
  this is not a problem that needs to be solved . 
  it 's not a problem to begin with . 
  an irish-speaking catholic called se\u00e1n \u00d3 flaibhertach who is an irish citizen from birth , has lived in ireland all his life and whose ancestors have lived in ireland for thousands of years is always going to be more irish than an arabic-speaking muslim called ahmed haddad who arrived in ireland at the age of 30 off the plane from lebanon and applied for irish citizenship . 
  legally they might be both irish but there 's no question as to which of them would be more comfortable identifying as irish . 
  this is n't a problem , it 's just how people work in terms of identity . 
  europe is n't america , and it 's never going to be america . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  a small country like mine would be swallowed up in an eu superstate and our needs would be neglected in favor of the uk , germany and france . 
  no thanks . 
   we are all one people , but we 're not , this is nonsense . 
   i honestly ca n't comprehend how someone can be anti-abortion , full stop i hate abortion , but i 'd support it being legalised . 
  frankly i do n't understand how anyone can be pro-abortion . 
  i want it legalised because if it has to happen it should happen safely , but in an ideal world no woman would ever have to go through that . 
  that 's what i think most people would want , for this society to become one where motherhood is a completely socially , financially , and medically safe thing to pursue, 
  it 's very easy to make friends in ireland as everyone is so chatty with strangers , but we 're still reserved enough so that you never feel like you 're invading someone 's privacy . 
  at the time of partition the counties of tyrone and fermanagh had nationalist majorities but were included in northern ireland anyway because otherwise its existence would n't have been sustainable . 
  the county councils of both tyrone and fermanagh refused to recognise the northern irish government . 
  they had their offices raided , they were dissolved , and they were replaced by more compliant officials . 
  this is about 80 years ago now so i 'm not sure if it 's relevant but at one point at least the wishes of the people were ignored and the british government coerced them into a state they did n't want to be a part of . 
  ah here now . 
  success breeds jealousy , a chara, 
   most frequent example that is used in literature is different ethnic groups in ireland based on their religion - protestant or catholic . 
  it 's not at all based on religion . 
  it 's an ethnic divide and it always has been , though sometimes it had religious connotations . 
  the protestants in the south were mostly ethnically irish and assimilated pretty readily into the irish state when it was formed . 
  the protestants in the north are of anglo-scottish ethnicity , and you 've seen how that 's gone in terms of integration . 
  one of the things i like most about ireland is how eager people are to talk to strangers . 
  how do people in autistic countries like finland and sweden make friends ? 
  the church has been doing a lot to help refugees , massive portions of the church 's charity programs have been dedicated to aid for refugees since the crisis began . 
  it 's a lot more than any european government has done , where they just plop them in their own countries en masse without vetting and hope for the best . 
  the vatican is broke , it has been for basically its entire existence . 
  all of its `` wealth '' is in art assets and property , and between the monumental cost of running the largest charitable organisation in the world and general administration costs , i very much doubt they have any money left over . 
  i feel that there 's an element of the european left who really want nationality to be viewed in europe the same way it is in new world colonial societies , where as long as you live in america/australia/brazil , you are an american/australian/brazilian . 
  i feel that this does not work in europe , where our national identities more or less correspond to our ethnic identities . 
  hey maybe if everyone 's criticising sweden then sweden might be the problem, 
  same deal here with fairies . 
  i actually saw someone on reddit say that `` celtic paganism was never wiped out , the irish still believe in fairies and old legends '' . 
  it 's a bit of a national in-joke that sometimes gets lost on foreigners i think . 
  the church did n't fuck off , you went full isis and started killing them . 
  celts - boudicca definitely not . 
  she 's cool and all but she was from what 's now england and nobody really associates england with celts anymore . 
  it should probably be brian boru , robert the bruce or owain glyndwr . 
  i heard a rumor that it 's going to be grainne n\u00ed mhaille in civ 6 , which i think is pretty much a sidegrade . 
  she was a celt in the modern sense and she 's even cooler than boudicca but she was just a minor noble . 
  i 'd be very surprised if even half of those signatures were from british people, 
   isolationism there 's no need to be dramatic . 
  in any multinational federation the little guys always get the short end of the stick . 
  i 'm irish , we 're pretty much the dictionary definition of little guys . 
  i understand that the mechanisms of modern statehood would prevent any other small countries from being treated as badly as ireland was historically but i 'd still rather be safe than sorry . 
  wew lad i suppose my hope is that if it 's successful it 'll spark similar referenda in other countries . 
  northern ireland , voting leave . 
  not so much because i do n't like the eu as it is but because i never want to see a federal eu and i think a brexit will be the best way to stop that from happening . 
  that 's not a fact , it 's speculation .
