  i never weigh by stones , i do n't even know how . 
  i only measure in inches or feet when barbaric americans do n't know the metric system , and of course screens , but that is also due to americanization . 
  i love the eu and i could n't imagine a europe without it, 
  i ca n't find any i associate with old people in the top twenty lists of boys and girls , and i looked both at 2016 and the first quarter of 2017 . 
  also , it seems that the names you associate with old people are just names more popular in surrounding countries . 
  astrid , for example , was pretty popular for girls in the '70s and '80s here , and others seem to have similar things . 
  i noticed several names i would just associate with the nordic countries , which have also been popular about 20-10 years ago where i live . 
  i would have to say portuguese culture . 
  oh , you said non-european , traditional indonesian i guess ... 
  war on terror ? 
  that did not end any terror , if anything , it created terror and just wasted lives , no , i am not talking about the american military losses , i am talking about the millions of lives that `` war on terror '' ruined . 
  one of the few pieces of history that your country actually has . 
  seriously , whenever an american tells me my country 's history is bleak , they should gtfo as soon as possible, 
  mostly yes , i believe in the same values my average fellow dutchman would believe , tolerance , environmental protection and such things . 
  if we had such a disgrace as a system , our people would have been mad , like the average american . 
  but most of us are n't , because we have a good system that can fix things done wrongly , and it can fix them quickly , especially compared to the us congress . 
  btw , by `` us '' i mean what i think my fellow dutch people would say, 
   everybody 's going to die . 
  that escalated quickly, 
  i still ca n't believe i was never taught that we had ceylon ( our colony on sri lanka ) . 
  i am not sure , as i have only gone slightly in-depth on a few dialects of english , but might as well be . 
  btw , i learned this from xidnaf , a good linguistics channel on youtube, 
  actually , that was , conscious or not , an impersonation of aave ( african american vernacular english ) . 
  the grammar of this dialect makes double negatives reinforce each other instead of cancelling each other out, 
  me or people close to me being endangered by it , and then i would only protect them , not join the army . 
  he saw it and posted it the , 
  sadly this post will be archived 18 months before then, 
  yeah , i do n't know what that sounds like, 
  ca n't have wealth inequality without wealth ... 
  you know second world is not a step in between the world and first world right ? 
  second world means communist . 
  air conditioner ? 
  we have weather and heating , we want it to be warmer not cooler, 
  that it is independent and not annexed ( belgium ), 
  not just france , germany too , and with you two , the rest of the eu , do n't get me wrong , i agree with the decision , and also that france and germany should together lead the eu , i am just anxious about the us lately . 
  yeah , i just got my new chinaphone , i ca n't live without it , it 's amazing and also amazingly cheap . 
  from what the internet told me , a chainsaw sound and a cough , but as a language . 
  not if you have a high school teacher who says things like wetnessday ( wednesday ) and sevens ( seventh ), 
  not that i care much , i mostly listen to a bit older rock , but ever heard of dotan ? 
  yeah , that guy is dutch, 
  i first taught myself broken american english , and school is forcing me queens english, 
  damnit mena immigrants, 
  i never do , i disdain rap and i do n't particularly like french music , so this is not my favourite category, 
  more information for those curious : henriquez ' family wants the police officers ' names so they can comprehend it , but they also posted elsewhere that if they found out the officers would live through hell . 
  so the justice department refused to give them the names to protect them from violence . 
  that is like the ignorance i see on r/idontworkherelady, 
  that turned dark and then slightly less dark quickly, 
  frisian is most closely related to english , it is about as closely related to dutch as it is to german , and the frisian community in friesland has had a heck of a lot of influence from us, 
  where is this ? 
  peanut-butter thing ? 
  can you give a brand name ? 
  you better not mean stroopwafel !, 
  yeah , you think we should annex it ? 
  oh you are learning from experience and not from books ? 
  then you have avoided most of the shitshow !, 
  you should learn the lanlanguage , and the shitshow that comes with it !, 
  so you could understand frisian ? 
  learn dutch !, 
  damnit , i wanted to make you laugh but it is over-overdone, 
  as an important part of life and society , because it is !, 
  the typical dutchman/dutchwoman goes on holiday to france to the campings in the warm south . 
  there they drink beer , eat bitterballen , are loud and party ( also loud ), 
  why oh why did my brain make holiday plans into holiday penis ? 
  seems fair, 
  i know you exist , slovakia , you are the country next to czechia, 
  so when you join the police force , you are no longer counted as a person ? 
  why do you have so many cops ? 
  username checks out, 
  catalan ? 
  that is amazing !, 
  catalan is in my list of ** languages to learn someday **, 
  i just put da in front of my name to make myself look cooler to my , at the time 12 year old , friends . 
  only i realised it was too short so i put it in front of my name again , only this time with normal spelling tim --  datim ( which is how people udually refer to me online ) --  thedatim, 
  usanians is a brilliant name to replace american, 
  if it ai n't there ... 
  holy shit , i can partially read frisian and understand it !, 
  our lingual influence really has been knocking down that part of west-germanic, 
  looking around i see many multicultural people speaking many tounges , and then there are the english folks . 
  right , i need to put down which languages i can speak , read or something ... dutch - native english - almost native french - learning , not fluent yet , but a good part of the way german - i dropped german , i was too far behind , sorry , i can only understand a few words . 
  how did you discover dutch ? 
  guess your language is a bit stale then, 
  i cycle 7km to school and 7 km back , together that 's 14km , just short of 9 miles . 
  the one where my nation takes over england in a `` glorious revolution '', 
  oh shit , let me correct that shit, 
  seriously ? 
  when i see a mosquito i just take my zippo lighter and some deodorant and burn them out of the room, 
  no , i was serious , and i still am . 
  if i ever hear the word hip , i immediately think they are old or live under a rock or something . 
  i think you mean tea , not tee , because a tee is the thing you put a golf ball on, 
  so you just stay asleep for the rest of your life ? 
  i am decreasing my coffee , and now i drink karnemelk ( no idea what it is called in english and i am not gon na search , i am on mobile ) with syrup , it 's cold , healthy and energetic , which is what i need when school forces me 3 hours before my natural clock and also a bike ride of 7km . 
  do n't forget the horned vikings and atlantis !, 
  you won a football tournament in the sense of `` zuko , your honour ! '', 
  `` where ?!, 
  oh man , i live in amersfoort , it 's really down lately, 
  oh man , those elderly folks at nos sure are trendy and hip !, 
  * chuckles *, 
  do n't forget [ that wall that is secretly a garage door ] ( https://youtu.be/v4mar_usuvy ), 
  by your phrasing , and by phrasing i mean you used the word `` hip '' * throws up inside mouth * , i can tell you are old, 
  belgen zhyn wheer laet by het straettaelfheest !,
