  in slang , we have some terms , like `` doekoe '' means one euro , `` barki '' means 100 euros . 
  edit : spelling mistake fix, 
  dear god , you just burned the languages of a few billion people to the ground !, 
  i spent way too much time on that link, 
  ah hungaria , with your agglutinative language , why could n't you just be indo-european ? 
  you had to be uralic, 
  my school requires me to use a laptop and has bad wifi , which togetger avtually made learning difficult and sometimes impossible !, 
  do schools count as workplaces ? 
  yes they do !, 
  the times between the rampjaar and the french invasion, 
  americans , i used to admire their sense of freedom and liberty , but now they just come across like anglo-saxons wielding guns , to me anyways . 
   cities are generally well planned you have never driven a car in grid traffic have you ? 
  edit : or ** literally any other way of travel on a grid formation road system **, 
  i knew this was gon na be a shitshow ... 
  cheaper alternative on an ns train may just be not buying a ticket , but beware of fines, 
  i agree , why build such a beautiful thing when everything around it looks shitty, 
  ~ ~ private military , recapture our cities ! ~ ~, 
  for things with logical rules behind them , most everyone is okay , but then they do this changing wether to use c or k thing every year , like what the heck, 
  do n't forget , we have like a spelling reform every year , the only change that ever happens is where you should use a c or a k, 
  i read a book from 1912 , and it was just frustrating to read , but dutch from that time sounds just old but also , lots of strange words we lost along with our colonies, 
  actually , we half-switched from having a system that relies on letters to one based on syllables , ~ ~ so now those damn spaniards ca n't learn our language as easily and infiltrate us ~ ~ sorry , that was r/cirkeltrek, 
  the waitress at the restaurant said calamari , hmm . 
  * skeptical of everything in the surroundings *, 
  it 's a beautiful country , and also choco means calamari ?!, 
  waitress told me the choco thing and now people are telling me differently , i guess i 'll just lay that aside for the day when i actually try to learn portugese for real . 
  edit : added second sentence, 
  actually , those actually are eu countries with veto power ... 
  thank you , i was really interested in knowing what younger greek generations think of this . 
  that power is diminishing ~ ~ greatly ~ ~ big league with the current state of us-eu relations , which are n't the best, 
  i wish america and russia , or at the time the ussr , could have reached the moon together , like kennedy once proposed . 
  unfortunately he was shot before russia could say yes and then the russian president did n't trust the new president of the usa . 
  it would have been even more amazing , also , it could have forged a strong bond between two superpowers very paranoid of eachother . 
  i hope they just slide on into the eea so nothing has to change , well , mostly nothing . 
  after that , hopefully , we can start talks on even grounds . 
  alexander pechtold , leader of d66 ( a political party ) is a loaf of bread . 
  this is mostly the dutch redditor community and also a joke , but he admitted he resembles certain kinds of bread !, 
  this is not limited to russia , my friend . 
  there are so many , stupid americans from the former confederate states who think this too , that it 's some kind of hoax . 
  this might be because of my obsession with maps , but i got 100 % in 2:01 minutes ... 
  language checks out, 
  so how much deus vult reconquer sentiment do you/your parents have ? 
  it would still be good to keep that threat , however unlikely , in mind . 
  the us has no say in which country joins the eu ... 
  you mentioned china , but what about north korea , they would hail bombing vladivostok as a win against the mighty eu , an ally of the usa . 
  not to mention , if russia were to break up , there is a good chance they strive for reunification or the region is a bunch of warlords , which would not be allowed into the eu . 
  one part is the usa not being european , but apart from that others too , those have mostly already been mentioned . 
  crap , that must be uk not us , sorry, 
  i have been there , and to me it 's a sad place , where the poor and middle class go to throw away their savings and become ( even more ) poor . 
  i do n't like gambling a lot ... 
  you might be able to outside amsterdam , but in amsterdam , the main language is english , so sure . 
  if we unite our views more , we can combine our giant population and wealth for great power . 
  ( not like the sith ), 
  such a cute little country, 
  if it 's the first monday of the month , at noon the air sirens will go off as a test if they still work . 
  otherwise ~ ~ the germans are coming ~ ~ we better hide from an air attack . 
  rotterdamse rellenschoppers ( rotterdam rioteers ) i ca n't come up with better ones, 
  i just got 58 % , how bow dah, 
  we have dikes to protect us from flooding ... 
  thnx for the complement !, 
  amersfoort ( r/amersfoort ) is often called keistad , which means boulder city , which stems from a medieval story about a bet between two dukes , and the bet is ~ ~ a bit complicated ~ ~ too complicated for me to explain during school . 
  a serb ( ethnicity wise ) who lives in bosnia and herzegovina ( the country ) , from which stems the bosnian part . 
  btw , amersfoort is like 60 km away at best , so you could best go by train . 
  * shamefully avoids shaming national train services *, 
  small city , i suggest you just get a bike ( rent one or get an ov bike ( ov stands for public transport ) and also a map , and then you can bike around our nice city going to those places . 
  amsterdam is a city you can also enjoy at night , but most smaller cities , including amersfoort , are way less touristic , so you should visit in the day . 
  i do n't know , i do n't go to the cs very often , i 'll go there this week to see what you are talking about , you might be onto something with that solar time and legal time thing . 
  catch me if you can, 
  that sucks , the thing is that these things are hard to fix as well ... 
  if you are going to the netherlands , do not assume amsterdam is the same as the rest of the country , or even the rest of the cities . 
  if you want to know how the average dutch city is , go to a smaller city , utrecht , or amersfoort maybe . 
  yes , it 's mandatory . 
  in most shops it 's like 5-10 cents . 
  because we are civilised countries , we include taxes in prices , so what is on there , is exactly what you pay . 
  tipping is generally appreciated in restaurants , but it 's far less than in america because we have good wages for waiters and waitresses . 
  outside of restaurants , tipping is only for exceptional service . 
  if you are going to amsterdam , be sure to visit smaller cities as well , amsterdam does not really give the feel of the netherlands since english is more commonly used , also , very different to most dutch cities . 
  i advise also visiting a smaller city , like r/amersfoort, 
  oh come on !, 
  i have the same , do you feel safe or paranoid around your police ? 
  i do n't get it , is it a joke ? 
  please explain , i want to know more about poland . 
  i see them everyday , a bit hard to avoid when you live in a city . 
  also , their patrolls have increased somewhat after two murders recently ... 
  he would be a common type of politician in my country , and the things he stands for are mostly already in place here , so for the few reforms , i guess, 
  dutch school system , it 's like french sixi\u00e8me until premi\u00e8re . 
  no , i am from r/amersfoort the best city in utrecht ~ ~ sorry utrechters ~ ~, 
  dutch, 
  let 's see , rotterdam , gouda , utrecht , yeah , pretty often i 'd say , but i guess it 's your gig now , so i 'll let you off ( referring to native english speakers ) , besides , you are good people . 
  i guess , and they do have good engines . 
  maybe our police might finally be able to chase criminals again , these vw tourans are n't the best at turning . 
  please do n't make assumptions , i never said luxury , and the wealth comment was a reference to mercedes cars being expensive . 
  i just read that at least part of the dutch police force will also be driving mercedes , i did n't know we were that rich, 
  your police drive mercedes ? 
  now that is a show of wealth, 
  i forgot to add something , please ask any questions about this subject to a scientist working in this specific field . 
  the concept is n't , our effect on it certainly is . 
  how is rejection of scientifically calculated , measured and agreed upon data a belief ? 
  but we know that there is a correlation between our co2 output and the change in climate , and here is the concerning part : we know that now , there is more co2 in the atmosphere than it has been for hundreds of millions of years ( measured via ice that has been frozen on the poles ) . 
  humans are not 100 % of the change , but we did make the change very significant , significant enough to melt a bunch of ice and then amplifying it even more . 
  you should be especially concerned , seeing as you are dutch and more at risk due to this .
