old people , am i right ? 
  you see , fry wants to make the working class suffer , so that one day , when he gets rich , those hard working suckers shall bite it !, 
  he said this in i think the episode with free beer , i forgot which episode it was exactly , but r/futurama will fill you in, 
  bender and fry : any populist party, 
  well , you see , dat stoort mich nicht car je parle plus de langues, 
  you mean regions ? 
  the rest of the randstad, 
  do n't assume things , i have been to the us , and your bread at the supermarket is truly the worst, 
  the poorest is the eastern part of groningen, 
  and it 's a nature reserve , so there are many restrictions, 
  yeah , i was pretty young back then , the only weekend i had consisted of the places i frequented, 
  pretty old to me , i 'm only 16, 
  i looked it up , it 's from a movie from 2006 , old people jokes , i do n't get them, 
  man , that is really dated , from when was that ? 
  i do n't think i 'm getting your reference ... 
  i 'd call it concentrated preservatives edit : why did i confuse conservatives with preservatives ( which i corrected as you can see ) ? 
  idk, 
  damnit , why ca n't everything just be uniform , also , can we import some more of your norwegian inmates ? 
  our prisons are suffering serious depopulation . 
  what ? 
  i heard norwegian prisons are pure luxury, 
  czechoslovenia, 
  france and germany come first and second respectively imo . 
  america comes last from all bread i have tried . 
  i was actually trying to make a slovakia-slovenia joke, 
  they are going to czechia , so crossing the border would n't be a large hassle . 
  a shit ton of insurgency , definitely going to buy the next insurgency , insurgency sandstorm , when it comes out, 
  fvd is like the drug-free coca\u00efne , for people who like the pvv but not the geneva violations, 
  you could also link the twenty thousand other r/europe posts where he asked the same thing , like holy hell , obsession much ? 
  that really depends on the situation, 
  it is said that 75 % of dutch people trusted america under barack and now do not anymore, 
  drink ? 
  never heard of an aloe vera drink , i only use it for when i have sunburn , which has n't happened in a long time . 
  do n't forget polonaise hollandaise, 
  yes , but not that much with old people , for example , [ alexander pechtold is a loaf of bread ] ( https://m.facebook.com/pechtoldbrood/ ) , which is a common theme on r/cirkeltrek, 
  inside the bitterballen is usually the residual meat , the sauce we usually eat them with is mustard , but in this pic you can see tomato ketchup and fritessaus ( a cheaper , less fat version of mayonaise ), 
  i have only ever seen them in walibi , so a snack, 
  why would you take analcoholic shots ? 
  it 's too easy, 
  what country ? 
  do 's : - learn dutch , the germans will appreciate your attempt to understand their language / s - make jokes that are legitimately funny , to distract you and the germans from german humour ( german humour , it 's no laughing matter ) ** straight up banter ** do n't : * make nazi references, 
  wow, 
  here we use slang doekoe ( put it in google translate for right pronunciation ) for a euro , and barki for 100 euros, 
  france : holiday and baguettes germany : trade partner ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ southern netherlands : rebellious, 
  we often use the phrase duits rijden ( german driving ) to express unhappiness about someone 's reckless/fast driving, 
  i should have clarified , the game went well , man united win in a landslide , the wave only lasted a few seconds though , so i consider it unsuccessful, 
  about three seconds at the one time i entered a stadium to watch a football match , it did n't go that well but the game was fun, 
  i do n't drink it anymore ( pain in the ass to get rid of my caffeine addiction ) , but i used to drink black with like 4 scoops of sugar i believe it 's fairly common to drink black where i live . 
  are these `` anti-elites '' also lead/supported by elites ? 
  that seems to be a thing of our pvv ( not saying the pvv is as much a threat as pis currently is ), 
  - nobody lives in drenthe - groningers are broke commies or students - frisians are foreigners - there is no point four ( gotcha ), 
  probably several hundreds of years , maybe thousands . 
  i was born in singapore as the child of an expat , the closest family i have from there is indonesian, 
  * calling our country holland ( depends on what kind of person you are ) * the absence of the annexation of belgium ( banter ) * foreigners asking me why i do n't wear clogs ( very honest , and very sad ), 
  i did n't know you had a problem with puns ( honest ) i guess you got me czech mate ( banter ), 
  yeah , german board games are really fun , only i have trouble knowing the 1000 page rulebook by heart, 
  i have only met one , i never talked about religion with her . 
  the point is , there are n't that many hindus in our country , certainly not where i live, 
  the times they stand in for the natives they threw out saying `` my great great grandmother was a cherokee '' also annoys the crap out of me, 
  any specific region ? 
  so basically the hexagon ? 
  we usually do n't , seeing as there really is no need to see it physically , especially not from the air . 
  when we see traffic jams or their causes , it 's usually because of camera ground crew or cameras on the highway , yes , we have them on the structures over the highway , this helps the government monitor the highways and mediate/prevent jams, 
  and now the situation has changed and everyone has an opinion about this subject and almost everyone is at least mad at someone for this, 
  i was more talking about later generations of turks living here, 
  [ thierry beaudet ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/thierry_baudet?wprov=sfla1 ) / s the poor guy is rambling about cutting up the party cartel , nobody is following him and meanwhile he is getting meme 'd to death on r/cirkeltrek for god 's sake he debuted in the staten generaal in latin !, 
  i would like them to integrate more in our culture , they are currently one of the worst integrated groups in the country , sadly , oh , and make more kebab, 
  bows are only considered weapons ( by that i mean that you need a gun permit for them ) when they exceed your height , right ? 
  this is what i was told, 
  and yet , racism remains underneath the surface of people and society , still plaguing them . 
   maybe i should pay more attention , and find myself someone to put a ring on , goddammit yeah , me too, 
  aside from the politics and economics , you know , the things you asked for , i 'm going to talk about the fun part . 
  the art !, 
  since its beginning the euro has spawned a great amount of different varieties of each coin , the most found in the 2 $ coin . 
  not only does every country have its own symbols for every coin ( if they choose to make all different ) on one side , very often , new varieties are made to honor our celebrate certain events/people . 
  this variety just makes my day more fun and i get curious again after my curiosity being sucked out by school . 
  that is why i live it on a personal level . 
  i could n't talk about the politics and economics of it all and i know very little about that since it was before my time . 
  yes , i know, 
  that really depends , my middelbare school has 1600 students, 
  i could easily separate new zealanders , indians , aussies and scottish people from the others . 
  i do n't yet know how to separate americans from canadians . 
  and misc accents i usually put in the uk . 
  yeah , r/europe mods do n't want to start a civil war, 
  when you talk about independence , two possibilities pop into my head , can you tell me which ( if it 's one of them ) is true ? 
  * not having a foreign bishop and a foreign president as leaders of your country * independence ( s ) of catalonia/aragon, 
  wait , what 's the problem with your independence ? 
  poor fella wants to cut up the party cartel , but the only thing he gets from it is a shit load of memes, 
  we barely have forests , what are wildfires ? 
  * expects satirical answers *, 
  an endangered , yet dangerous [ geert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geert_wilders?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  i-a wenta down to da staation to shoot-a sooome-wan foor-e d\u00e8 maaafia, 
  ww1 did n't affect us nearly as much as you , so up until the great depression we were better off , the great depression , however , put us back on your level . 
  the fact that we did n't participate in ww1 , however ( also some government policies ) left us underdeveloped and weak for ww2, 
  he said a few more years , brexit only takes a small 2 years, 
  no where i live , it 's just not really a thing here, 
  for public transport in the netherlands , i advise 9292, 
  to be fair , they pretty much already are, 
  the pvv mostly, 
  i am thankful not many tourists have discovered my beautiful city yet * says the guy who advertises his city as a tourist destination almost everywhere *,
