  fuck it , just let the government employ everyone . 
  people in france and the rest of europe are afraid of our cultural identity , and western foundation dying out because you people keep thinking we need multiculturalism , and that immigration will solve all our problems . 
  that is why people vote for nationalistic parties . 
  it 's because morons like all of you have n't a god damn clue how to solve any problems except for keep borrowing money against our country 's future and spending it on social/welfare programs . 
  european countries should be spending the billions they spend on immigration to instead spend it on their local population and encourage population growth . 
  be it via support programs for raising children , tax breaks , whatever can be done . 
  http://www.chicagotribune.com/chi-0110220252oct22-story.html#page=1 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abbey_mills_mosque#terrorism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1995_paris_m%c3%a9tro_and_rer_bombings http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1380564/35-radicals-trained-terrorism-british-mosques-guantanamo-files-reveal.html good book to understand terrorism funding . 
  http://www.amazon.com/terrorism-financing-state-responses-comparative/dp/0804755663 from the otherside of things , many mosques in europe are funded from radical islam funds : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-yousaf-butt-/saudi-wahhabism-islam-terrorism_b_6501916.html france pinpointed outside funding from saudi arabia and elsewhere coming into french mosques to fund extremism . 
  http://www.english.rfi.fr/general/20150215-france-cut-qatar-funding-mosques-crackdown-islamic-fundamentalism there is a two way relationship between mosques and terrorism in europe . 
  funding comes in and out of these mosques , and recruits are also taken from these mosques as well . 
  why is it that we have thousands of `` europeans '' going to fight in syria ? 
  some of the comments in this thread seem to point to the right direction but ultimately fail in understanding the issue . 
  there is no peaceful islam , there is no changing islam 's cultural ideals to be more european without a ton of bloodshed . 
  it took centuries to do the same to christianity and the consequences were enormous . 
  you people have some sort of liberal ideal that fails to take into consideration where these people come from culturally and what it takes to change a religion . 
  it 's been quite clear for decades that terrorist muslims in the middle east use , and are funded by , `` european '' muslims . 
  funding for terrorist attacks globally have been linked back to mosques in places like sweden and france . 
  you must be one of those people who thinks anyone who disagrees with them is a literal nazi . 
  have you been so denigrated in your history classes and cultural upbringing where you have to react in such a way ? 
  it 's really such a shame . 
  clearly this is faked and does n't happen on any of the european southern borders . 
  you will end up unhappy later in life . 
  you 're current short sighted desires have overtaken your long term happiness . 
  it 's a shame you 've been brainwashed by the current culture of europe . 
  you and the ideology that you follow has infected europe with a cancer . 
  the result is the mass immigration of an incompatible people and culture , and in the end you will also be its downfall as the immigrants have so many children per family in only a few generations you and your unhappiness will be outnumbered . 
  you should be voting for sd . 
  voting blank is n't doing shit . 
  if they are going to sweden they 're 100 % immigrants . 
  they have no intention of going back . 
  most of the refugees are n't from syria , they 're all economic illegial immigrants . 
  anybody looking on the outside into europe sees the obvious future . 
  many european countries will have their native populations be a minority before 2100 . 
  many of those folks will be muslims in the end . 
  hell just look at the youngest generation so far , in several countries like france , children born of foreign parents are the dominant group . 
  financial security as in are they a productive member of society , crimes committed , cultural values , moral values , can they pass a legitimate french literacy , history , and cultural test ? 
  monitor their social media , what they say . 
  let 's not pretend france does n't do this already , might as well use the data appropriately . 
  it 's not really that hard . 
  it 's for sure not an easy road . 
  but the first step is to acknowledge the problem and actually talk about it . 
  right now , the media in europe have been censoring , hiding , and misleading about crime . 
  there is a definite and serious problem with muslim and african people committing crime at higher rates in europe . 
  they dominate our prison populations and dominate our interpol most wanted lists . 
  sitting there and pretending like nothing is wrong , nothing can be done , and to `` learn to live with terror '' is utter insanity . 
  the second problem is that european governments and media have demonized people who are simply anti-immigration as the next coming of hitler , worse than hitler , literally hitler ... how about allowing free and open platforms on the television to talk about these issues as well ? 
  you have groups in europe ( mainly antifa ) who have nothing better to do but to try and shut down what they view as `` hate speech . '', 
  some groups resort to violence , including in sweden where leftist groups target people who vote for right wing candidates or even express a remote interest in the right wing parties . 
  once you have the ability to discuss the issues , and present the problems at hand you look for solutions , will these people ever integrate ? 
  will the number of immigrants from outside of europe who are permanently on welfare go down , will the violence committed in the name of islam ever cease ? 
  you begin to build a case that reflects the lack of viable solutions and the fact that europe has time and time again acquiesce to the demands of these people in europe and all they have done is demanding more and more changes . 
  you lay out the idea that you must cease the influx of immigration from outside of europe as it is costing way more than what they put in and that people 's pensions and current way of life are threatened . 
  finally you proceed to slowly deport the most violent , the families who have not integrated , who have not been able to self subsist , who have not adopted the european values . 
  you impose limitations on child support to 1 child per immigrant family and to non-ethnically french people . 
  you plan on slowly reducing the population by deportation , low birth rates and a massive reduction in benefits . 
  with respect to the backlash , riots , and whatever else comes up , the french have a history if rioting for no good reason , for the backlash over the most ridiculous of things . 
  the way to really mitigate that is you need to plant the idea that if you riot , you may lose your job , your way of life , your financial security . 
  this does n't need to be a direct law , but more of an implication . 
  the economic aspect means two things need to happen , one is stabilizing the economy in france . 
  which is really a discussion for another time , but the two main problems in france are unemployment ( ~ 10 + percent ) and france 's debt to gdp ratio ( ~ 94 % ) . 
  when people are more focused on their jobs , their way of life , they are less likely to riot , especially for something against something that is directly affecting that . 
  someone else mentioned human rights , and while that is also a hurdle , i think there is enough precedent that islam has damaged enough of france to warrant a full ban . 
  the violence and rioting that follows will only justify it 's enforcement . 
  who says we need to present it in front of the echr ? 
  even so , quoting the european convention on human rights  article 9 -- freedom of thought , conscience and religion  1 . 
  everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief , in worship , teaching , practice and observance . 
  freedom to manifest one 's religion or beliefs shall be subject only to such limitations as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of public safety , for the protection of public order , health or morals , or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others . 
  islam is a danger to public safety and has infringed on the rights and freedoms of others . 
  banning islam is not stupid , but rather essential to maintaining the free people 's of europe . 
  we 're bending over backwards to appease these people who want to completely and fundamentally change our way of life . 
  what do you think will happen when islam reaches 20 % of europe 's population ? 
  how about 30 % ? 
  the concentration wo n't be evenly distributed either , it will be heavily concentrated in large cities . 
  citizenship from former colonies is a start . 
  france already has denationalization mechanisms as well . 
  start with the people who 've traveled to syria to fight for starters . 
  then with all those who are not integrated/assimilated into french society/culture . 
  the de-islamization of europe and of france needs to be done thoroughly and efficiently . 
  the ability to do the above is quite easy as france already has the mechanism to do it . 
  most of these come from fighting `` cults '' such as scientology . 
  just apply those methods to islam . 
  many european countries already have the mechanisms in place . 
  islam does not belong in europe and must be removed . 
  good point , forgot a step . 
  reverse the easy citizenship laws and look at every person whose been given french citizenship over the past 60 years and revoke those that are part of the above groups . 
  almost universally all of them have citizenship from their parents anyways from the country of their family 's origin . 
  the source of the countries where these people are coming from ? 
  yeah i definitely decided those things . 
  i 've been alive for hundreds of years and now i am reaping the consequences . 
  it 's a pretty simple solution . 
  ban all immigration from muslim majority countries . 
  impose huge limits on immigration from outside of the eu . 
  then start deporting massive amounts of folks who have n't integrated , committed crimes , etc. 
  finally ban islam from france . 
  i 'm not sure what reality you live in , but mix low birthrates , extraordinarily high immigration ( both legal , illegal and refugees ) , poor government accountability , underestimates for 40 + years of immigration and no desire to do anything will result in our minority status . 
  i do n't need to believe anything , i see it with my own eyes in france . 
  i see it walking down the street , driving throughout the country , and in our schools . 
  unfortunately our government banned census data so we will never know exactly at what point we will become a minority . 
  people have been saying this for years , demographers as well as sane people who can discern simple population growth . 
  within the next 50 years , many european countries and its native people will be a minority in their own country .
