  for example , now it 's 6,30 % and i 'm replying to your comment just 20 minutes after it was made . 
  but we 'd still need to work towards making it all renewable . 
  it probably would n't be as urgent though . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  uk bitched and moaned their way out of the eu , so i think they 're the undisputed champions . 
  jesus christ , that sounds really bad . 
  easter europe , what the fuck, 
  are you happy that you got there first ? 
  from what i 've heard , you guys are having some sort of fun rivalry with us !, 
   i do n't need people telling me if what i read is fake or not i think wilful ignorance is a big part of the problem , some people just do n't want to hear when they 're being lied to . 
  though i ca n't say i understand that sentiment . 
  if i was following fake news , i sure as hell would appreciate someone telling me about it . 
   it 's not hogwash because one lie is not equal to one truth and it does n't take much time to debunk the majority of lies . 
  i think the point is that most people will never see that correction , someone makes a up a lie , it goes unchallenged for a while and when someone comes along and calls bullshit on it , people have already moved on . 
  you ca n't block lie with the truth nor can you make sure that what you hear is the truth . 
  if you know you 're going to be lying , you can just spam people with lies and it 'll work . 
  most people wo n't bother to fact check what you say and even when someone does , debunking something will most of the time take longer than telling the lie , so you can overwhelm them . 
  i feel like it 's more that there 's a small fire in the kitchen . 
  people on one side are saying that the whole house is on fire and people on the other are saying that no , the whole house is n't on fire . 
  and the first side replies with `` are you saying there is n't a fire ??? 
  what about the kitchen ??? 
  '' , with the latter side saying that it 's not the whole house but `` just a small fire in the kitchen '' . 
  the whole house is n't on fire and it 's not right to say it is , but of course the fire * could * spread if it 's not taken care of . 
  abandoning the house because of the fire in the kitchen is n't a smart thing to do but neither is pretending there is n't a fire at all . 
  i think the current situation would be that there is a small grease fire on the pan ( hard to put out completely ) , it 's not really spreading but at the same time flammable stuff is being placed near the fire . 
  milou was my favourite, 
  yeah , but i meant that i have n't verified those things myself , just heard it on the week ahead from the economist . 
  on the other hand , pvv has traditionally underperformed in the elections ( at least according to the economist ) . 
  can you give any information about that black flag ? 
  what they need is some white washing . 
  no , wait ... 
  angela is the chosen one , just stick your tongue out and taste the shining future . 
  soon we can all lounge on warm stones that are the building blocks of the eu . 
  smaller countries need to work together and as a group in eu to get their voices heard . 
  unfortunately it 's really popular on / r/europe . 
  weird . 
  well , it 's saner than removing them and expecting the people to know when you should say it `` long '' and when to say it `` short '' . 
   the referendum decision to leave the eu therefore offers a `` wonderful opportunity '' to be a more global and international nation , he says . 
  this is really , really funny, 
   the with us or against us attitude is just unhelpful . 
  is n't that exactly the form that the brexit vote took ? 
   mate i prefer rooibos but yeah , sure . 
  what has the world come to , i need to gear up before taking a shit , where did everything go so wrong, 
  are you sure you replied to the right person ? 
  i did n't say it was positive at all, 
  you got me there , i only skimmed through them since i 'm in a bit of a hurry ( and should n't really be making comments on reddit right now ) . 
  if you can give me a tl ; dr on why they 're equally harmful , i 'd appreciate it . 
  i 've been under the impression that circumcision is not * that * harmful , at least when compared to fgm . 
  ( i 'll probably get around to reading the links a bit later though . ), 
   both are mutilation of the genitals . 
  protecting one , and not the other , is sexism . 
  sure , but i was n't saying that one is and one is n't . 
  i was saying one is usually more severe and detrimental to quality of living/normal life than the other , which * might * be the reason one takes precedent over the other . 
  i 'm was n't saying one should be opposed/outlawed and the other should n't , i was just trying to open up the possible reasons why one takes the precedent over the another . 
  i guess the mindset there is the same as with crimes : in general crimes are morally wrong , bit more severe crimes take precedent over the less severe . 
  does n't mean that the police should n't go after the less severe ones or that the less severe ones are n't crimes or morally wrong . 
  and to clarify , i 'm personally opposed to both fgm and male circumcision , done for other than medical reasons . 
  i think it 's like that because fgm is usually much more severe and has a huge detrimental effect on quality of life , whereas male circumcision is n't usually as drastic . 
  so at least the reason behind is n't sexist as far as i know . 
  this is why i 'm always so excited to visit tallinn , they have all this cool old stuff there . 
  helsinki is way too new for my taste , empire style is cool and all , but that medieval architecture is really gorgeous . 
  but of course tallinn also has that hideous commie shit all over the place to balance it out . 
  but to be fair , we have that in helsinki too . 
  also , yes , of course i 'm also excited for the booze prices . 
  but man , besides that , you just ca n't beat that gorgeous architecture in the old town . 
  the one after ww1 was kinda bad i think . 
  but then again , ww1 was a bit of bummer too . 
  this child is crying because you did n't invest in eastern poland, 
  my girlfriend has that in her bathroom . 
  the light goes off if i 'm taking a shit . 
  it 's inhumane . 
  how am i supposed to take a nice calm shit and read my donald duck comics when i also have to swing my arms like a maniac while i do that ? 
  like i said , it 's inhumane . 
  i 've read this too . 
  not significant enough imo for it to be done for the sake of that difference , but apparently there is a difference . 
  that difference and the hygiene thing ( easier to clean ) are probably the only real pro-circumcision argument i 've heard ( apart from tradition and `` aesthetics '' ) . 
  and they 're not really convincing at all to me , since the difference between likelihood of contacting the diseases is so small , not to mention you 're better off using condoms anyway and you should clean your dick every day anyway . 
  they 're arguments and they 're factually correct ( if not very convincing ) , which is why i think it 's a shame you got downvoted . 
  could n't he just let it be ? 
  it was fine as it is !, 
  goddamn god , george lucasing this shit, 
   `` eh , might as well have his look like mine . '', 
  that 's weird . 
  like really , really weird . 
  i wonder if they 'll dye their hair too if it does n't match their own . 
  one reason to allow it is so the boys are n't sent to places where it 's legal but also where the level of healthcare is much lower . 
  i guess it 's not seen as big of an issue as female genital mutilation as to outright ban it and fight against sending girls abroad to have it done to them . 
  so could be that having it be legal and not having to put extra effort in making sure boys are n't sent abroad for it is seen as an acceptable compromise . 
  though obviously that sentiment is changing . 
  i have no idea how anyone could see masturbation as * abnormal * . 
  besides things necessary to live , masturbation is way up there in the top 10 most normal things you can do . 
  they 've lived in the same pro-circumcision culture as the boys . 
  that 's what happens . 
  in the northern atlantic , last i checked . 
  `` we need a flag design ... let 's think ... hey , how about that garden ? 
  it 's perfect ! '', 
  `` that kinda looks like just a combination of flags of england , scotland and ireland . '', 
  `` oh , you think so ? '', 
  but it 's missing the coolest part !, 
  dancing and singing through red tulip fields wet with the blood of their enemies,
