  man the walls , vienna must not fall !, 
  siege of vienna . 
  if this is a spoiler i 'm going to break all your kossu bottles . 
  you hear me ? 
  every goddamn bottle . 
  e : *** some dickwad posted a s05e10 spoiler below , beware . 
  well , did * you * see any kebab places in firenze ? 
  the iron curtain was there officially to protect communists from evil capitalists . 
  orb\u00e1n is a sly fox . 
  he knows walls work both ways . 
  [ the eventual tearing down of that wall is the moment david hasselhoff and his ridiculous jacket have been waiting for . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zxiclnk8oe ), 
  ^ ^ that 's ^ ^ john ^ ^ snow ^ ^ in ^ ^ hungarian, 
  haha , you hear that sweden ? 
  you hear that ? 
  why use the ladder the second time when there 's a perfectly good haystack on the other side ? 
  but every four years ... 
  yeah , people can feel a range of even conflicting emotions at once . 
  while i feel sad that he 's gone , knowing that he lived as long as he did makes me happy, 
  hung-austrian monarchy would be pretty flattering . 
  everyone assumed the dictator would do good things for them and only suppress things they do n't agree with . 
  a tyrant i agree with is a `` benevolent dictator '' . 
  `` true finns '' being included in a list with jobbik seems a bit of a stretch . 
  even though i do n't like them very much , i have to admit that the finns party ( which i think is the official name now , it 's certainly not `` true finns '' anymore ) is getting increasingly moderate . 
  i think it 's the increasing responsibilities , the most recent being a part in the current government , that 's causing it . 
  but whatever it is , i 'm happy for it . 
  they certainly are n't the party they used to be and they never were the party european media said they were imo . 
  usually the undemocratic ones are n't fans of different cultures and whatnot . 
  i 'd say few undemocratic hungarians in every european country would be better than all of them in one country . 
  divide and conquer and so on . 
  i 'm willing to take in some undemocratic hungarians . 
  they can try to rock the boat if they want to . 
  probably would just get more people to vote . 
  the mouse that roared . 
  he sure did . 
  it 's just that my joke is kinda dependant on the purposeful misunderstanding . 
   they have had at least 5 different govts since the revolution we have a different government every four years and we 're doing just fine . 
  putting the symbol first just seems so weird . 
  `` fifteen euros '' ( 15 $ ) vs `` euro fifteen '' ( $ 15 ) . 
  it 's almost like going month-day-year . 
  celebrating a victory in battle over other european countries in an euro coin is pretty funny . 
  the french are doing something right when they have 1200 years of history to go back to . 
  the final solution, 
  well that was a pleasant click . 
  i mean that you often hear from americans how snobby europeans are . 
  it seems to be a common stereotype . 
  and i do n't mean just in this context , but overall . 
  seems like bud is tanking , but i was wondering more about the overall market . 
  like percentages of all beer sold and such . 
   your snobby european relatives hehe , i love this stereotype . 
  seems so unbalanced in comparison to the opposite stereotypes though . 
  but i guess there 's some truth to it . 
  is it really ? 
  because i 've been hearing this for * years * and it seems great and all , but makes me wonder if it 's just like how linux is going to became the preferred desktop os `` any day now '' . 
   must not be for profit this is pretty funny considering the stereotype . 
  i 'd say it 's usually a joke here , but not so much `` out in the wild '' . 
  you must have some insight on this , considering that you must be part-american . 
  thank you for your service . 
  exactly someone i would 've expected to see there . 
  she was pretty prominent in her criticism . 
  you go heidi . 
  though i think friendly or just calm relations with russia are in our best interest , it 's good to see someone sticking to their beliefs . 
  oh come on , you ca n't be pissy after your victory . 
  we gave you points , of course !, 
  russia still probably has cheaper gas . 
  oppressed ? 
  please do n't use that word , someone might feel like norway needs freedom ... 
  agreed . 
  thank you germany 1939-1945 !, 
  it 's certainly `` bullshit '' if you take one part of it and expect it to cover everything . 
  ( or even if you expect it as a whole to cover all cases . ), 
  but in many cases it 's true . 
  people do n't have time or energy to cook good and healthy foods or exercise . 
  and just because something is home-cooked does n't mean it 's healthy . 
  salads and the sort are usually the first to drop from the menu if you do n't have time , money or energy to make them . 
  of course not having something of the three ( or combination of them ) is n't the reason . 
  pure laziness or lack of willpower also plays a part . 
  but yes , it 's mostly better here in nordic countries ( and in big part of europe , i presume ) . 
  our fast food is n't as cheap as in the us , for example , so eating mcd 's is n't usually a good alternative for people lacking in funds . 
  ( though it is an alternative for home-cooking when you lack time or energy . ), 
  of course different cultural eating habits/local cuisine , the light in which exercise is seen in , taxation and other governmental policies and a wide , wide variety of other factors play a part in this . 
  but still often the case that people lacking in one or more of the mentioned factors ( lack of money , time , energy ) play a big part in it . 
  and i 'm not talking just about food but also about exercise . 
  even if you eat decent food , without exercise you 're in danger of getting some unnecessary weight . 
  probably all those beer-bellied vodka and prostitute tourists . 
  little known fact is that most of that overweight is just hair . 
  hair all over . 
  not really , but that would be fun . 
  or just straight up greasy sugar . 
  often the reason for obesity is a combination of not affording ( time , money , energy ) to eat well or to exercise . 
  ca n't attack over the ice during summer though . 
  i think they 're doing that too . 
  actually seems more likely than not at this point and all the evidence seems to point in their direction . 
  but i was thinking more in this particular case . 
  and for the record , i 'm not saying this did n't happen as reported or anything like that , i just think it 's good to be sceptical and whatnot when it comes to things like this with a lot of propaganda going around . 
  `` beyond reasonable doubt '' it is then . 
  it was really meant as a `` you need pretty concrete evidence on this shit '' type of a deal . 
  i mean , asking for definite proof is usually a good thing . 
  especially when it comes to something controversial such as this . 
  pick up that can .
