  no more . 
  many places that have a word that translates to `` holy '' rather than `` saint '' predate christianity , but they 're selectively included in this map . 
  i have no idea what the hell you 're on about . 
  i was genuinely curious who `` you people '' referred to , since people in this sub have n't certainly said stuff like `` diversity made america great '' and so on . 
  and the wording makes it seem like he was referring to the people on this sub , which would make zero sense, 
  no , the problem is that you said this thread is full of people who do n't recognize the problems in ( mass ) immigration . 
  and that 's just a bunch of horse shit . 
  not only is this thread against ( mass ) immigration , so has the general consensus in this sub been as far as i remember . 
   one day you will say `` diversity made america great '' or that `` america can assimilate people . '', 
  i 'm not sure who you 're referring to with `` you people '' , but i have n't seen much of this sentiment in this sub . 
  when has this sub * ever * pretend that the current wave of immigrants is n't problematic ? 
  this sub has generally been * very * vocal in their opposition to the wave of immigrants coming over . 
  you talked about `` the will of the people '' . 
  it clearly was in favor of the decision , with a minority against it . 
  and there will * always * be a minority , does n't mean that the decision is n't '' the will of the people '' . 
  the decision was democratically made in the eu parliament by democratically elected meps and then by democratically elected foreign ministers . 
  but that 's not * real * democracy because i do n't agree with it . 
  someone could set the world record of high altitude jump by jumping off orban . 
  hah , pretty big difference between those two referendums . 
  but i guess that was the point of your joke . 
  careful now , some people * actually * think this . 
  so even as sarcasm it would be indistinguishable from the original idiocy . 
  next up : orban to hold a referendum about smallpox . 
  you 've been threatening to leave constantly . 
  now , instead of standing next to the door and just threatening to leave , you 've actually opened the door and threatening to step through it . 
  also , `` shitto '' . 
  that 's hilarious !, 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  look at * what * , is what i 'm asking . 
  what have the uk and germany done that makes them sane and what have the other done that makes them insane ? 
  that 's what i 'm curious about . 
  it will probably be a huge fight about those things . 
  i ca n't see all the issues being resolved very quickly . 
  the eu probably wo n't be very willing to give in to the uk after a divorce . 
  then again , the businesses operating between the two would probably push for a quick settling of economic matters . 
  it seems likely that they 'd cozy up with the us . 
  only this time the old roles would be reversed . 
  they could also try to get closer to other commonwealth countries . 
  i 'm not sure if they 'd be thrilled about that though . 
  sane in what respect ? 
  i 'd say this is too big of an simplification , since the way the us and the eu work are so different . 
  it would probably be a little closer of you had prefaced it with `` economically '' or something . 
   acts ( at least in theory ) counterbalance to other members is n't this why a lot of people * want * you to leave ? 
  well , we got you to vote on the matter in the first place . 
  i 'd say were still in the lead . 
  now we only need to see if we winded you up enough . 
   questioning , testing and reforming of the system are things we should all be wanting . 
  easier to do from the inside than out . 
  besides , the reforms that most of the eu wants are not really the reforms you demand . 
  so makes sense for you to go do your thing while we do ours . 
   wow you guys are a bitter lot . 
  we 're not the ones standing next to the door , swearing this time we 'll leave for good . 
  but i admit , being subjected to that kind of behaviour tends to sour the relationship . 
  i guess both sides have their reason to be bitter . 
  i ca n't really imagine the situation getting better , even if the uk decides to stay . 
  i can see a lot of bitterness from the no side in the uk after the vote and a lot of bitter and sarcastic `` gee , thanks for not leaving after all '' from rest of the eu . 
  clearly someone has n't been following eu politics . 
  the uk has been really unwilling to commit to closer integration of eu countries . 
  now , they 're not the only one , but they 're one of the big ones and this has been a pretty consistent policy of theirs . 
  remove that and it 's a lot easier to achieve . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but you 're the ones voting to leave in anger . 
  if that 's not salty i do n't know what is . 
  trying to be like the us in that regard too , hah . 
  as if we do n't drink a shitload , hah !, 
  the term `` orwellian '' is used so vaguely that it can be used to relate to any time when government sets rules , laws or regulations . 
  and not even governments , but private organizations or sites like reddit . 
  i think it 's a bit strange to say the country of origin of orwell really relates to the concept of `` orwellian '' stuff is strange since much of the stuff he wrote to about in 1984 was about totalitarianism , and i think the uk is far from totalitarian . 
  and was so during the time of the book 's writing . 
  but different people have different views on it . 
  it certainly seems like the uk wants to have more control over what people think ( in name of ) to curb extremism , i 'll give you that much . 
  but the level of control is still far from actual totalitarian regimes . 
  planning a robbery is illegal in some countries . 
  threatening to kill someone is illegal in most . 
  and those are basically `` thought crimes '' , since you have n't necessarily physically done anything . 
  but they 're still illegal . 
  now , assault is illegal . 
  spitting is considered assault in some countries . 
  i 'm not sure what 's the case with scotland , but saying you 're going to assault an mp would probably be illegal in most countries . 
  why i wondered about the intent is because if you * threaten * someone , that 's usually considered more serious than just saying it jokingly . 
  i do n't what the deal is in austria , if spitting is considered a crime , assault even or not and if you 're legally allowed to threaten someone and to what degree . 
  but i think you now better understand what 's going in here . 
   the t\u00fcnel is the third-oldest subterranean urban rail line in the world , after the london underground ( 1863 ) and the athens metro line 1 ( 1869 ) . 
  the t\u00fcnel is said to be one of the first subterranean urban rail lines in continental europe . 
  that 's pretty damn cool . 
  i 've been reading a lot about moscow 's metro after first reading metro 2033 . 
  there 's some seriously cool stations and history . 
  i 'll have to check the metro out when travelling there . 
  hopefully they at least paid for the trains . 
  is this sub at `` white people are the real victims '' phase already ? 
   also scary that this is coming from orwell 's home country . 
  oh come on ... 
  okay , now i 'd like to hear why * you * think he wrote it . 
  do you figure it has much to do with uk in particular ? 
  some places consider spitting a form of assault , so it could be seen as a threatening with assault . 
  like said , he seems to be a twat , but it 's kinda hard to say if he actually intended to do the spitting or if he was just angry . 
  then again , i do n't know if there 's a legal difference between the two in scotland . 
  yeah . 
  they clearly were going for the outrage with this cover . 
  it 's not an accident they went with the nazi style , they knew that would rustle a * lot * of jimmies . 
  i thought there has been a * huge * outrage over the nye rapes , for example .
