  more likely it was a test to see in what way and how quickly we would react to something like this . 
  this kind of tests are n't uncommon , but the timing is . 
  or maybe this has something to do with night wolves ? 
  haha , i doubt that but you never know . 
  exactly what someone with a secret submarine fleet would say . 
  `` goddamn grigory , not again !, 
  it 's not bass that 's dropping , it 's depth charges !, 
  your drunken shenanigans will doom us all ! '', 
  i 'd say threats like that are a sure way to increase the budget . 
  when the argument for lowering the budget is `` we have nothing to worry about '' , giving something to worry about is n't going to make people lower the budget . 
  that 's what happened in sweden , at least . 
  i think our budget is going to be raised anyway , but this might give it a small additional bump . 
  that 's why the timing is so strange . 
  russia could really have some intricate plot behind this . 
  maybe people in russia are more tolerant towards additional military spending if putin can say `` look at our neighbors , they 're all increasing their military budgets , so we have to too ! '', 
  or something like that . 
  a real conspiracy theorist could also argue that this is just a plot to get more money to the military , by military . 
  but i doubt that . 
  curious timing . 
  were n't the swedes also about to discuss the defense budget when this encounter with a sub happened ? 
  if it 's the russians doing this , they must * really * suck at timing . 
  or they have a really intricate plan behind this and i ca n't just figure it what it could be . 
  that 's certainly a possibility . 
  that 's what russians say when it comes to ukraine . 
  hmmm ... 
  i think we should look into these possible connections to denmark . 
  that ones that do want to leave are just terrible loud , in here and in general . 
  you easily get the false idea that the uk has to be dragged into everything kicking and screaming . 
  even according to the standards of the time . 
  wow . 
  finland , are you even trying ? 
  seriously ? 
  who was that bloke ? 
  it 's a secret !, 
  confusingly , we mostly associate the chilean one with ireland . 
  i actually love how descriptive it is . 
  one of our continents ? 
  soon . 
  soon we will take them all back . 
   empite sounds like an unit straight from the metric system . 
  i highly recommend that book . 
  it 's a fantastic piece of literature . 
  the west and islam . 
  rest of the world and the west . 
  seems like not including those countries ( well , turkey is kinda understandable ) would make the discussions even more one-sided than they are . 
  we do n't do it because it 's easy , but because it 's fun . 
  i 'm sure he does , i have even reminded him of it . 
  it 's my duty as a big brother to mess with him . 
  and to save his ass . 
  mostly in that order . 
  haha , i did have a long pause when they asked me what to do with him . 
  i was really tempted to say `` you know what , he 'll be better off sobering in jail . 
  say hi from me ! '' . 
  but then i could n't use the `` remember that one time i saved you from jail '' card when in need of a ride . 
  the height does n't really matter since drunk people are immune to fall damage . 
  not that rare , really . 
  when they catch underage drinkers they very often drive them home . 
  actually , one time my underage brother was out drinking with some friends and i got a call from police asking whether they should bring him home or take to a jail to sober up . 
  oh , the temptation . 
  ( i was 18 at the time and my parents could n't be reached . ), 
  this is just so weird . 
  do people jerk off to this stuff or what ? 
  oh come on ... 
  unfortunately we do n't . 
  i hope we did , but we do n't . 
  he 's a golden god, 
  i think that 's a moot point anyway since mortal laws do n't affect pharaohs . 
  waka waka , motherfuckers, 
  what a fucking legend, 
  `` do you expect this vote to pass ? '', 
  `` no , i expect it to die ! '', 
  i want to run for town council and just sit there , dressed as a pharaoh . 
   absolute flamboyancy corrupts absolutely . 
  - a mayor dude dressed as the fucking julius goddamn caesar . 
  * decent standard of living * living hmmm ... 
  i think i 'm going to go with ... 
  this is a tough one , huh . 
  it even has that teleporting mouse . 
  `` hey poland . 
  you know what , i think we 're going to cancel that ` do n't attack pact ' . 
  oh , no reason '', 
  420 ` stonia it !, 
  well , bbc world does , but i 'm not sure if that counts here . 
  it might be a different unit from the `` ordinary '' tv section . 
  ( they advertise rolex-watches , something about yahts and sailboats and expensive shit like that . ), 
  are you really asking ? 
  the rule of two is in effect in russia ( putin and medvedev ) , so ... 
  people rarely appreciate what they have . 
  i would 've loved it if it was subtle . 
  like not mentioning the force outright , not so obvious names and so on . 
  that kind of april fool 's jokes are the best . 
  i think a lot of people just do n't know how to do proper april fool 's jokes . 
  in my opinion the best are articles that are seemingly true and surprising or even shocking , but which reveal themselves as jokes if you read the article to the end . 
  i love those . 
  when you go `` what the hell ?!? '', 
  and have a chuckle once you get that it 's a joke . 
  things that are obvious jokes without having to read the article or `` pranks '' that ruin the usability of a website are just ... lame . 
  well they owe us an unburned lappland . 
  there 's a few of those large multinational corporations eager to take away an important market from netflix , even if that meant smaller profits or losses in some cases . 
  or even doing something differently from netflix .
