  or he just learned a new word and wanted to use it . 
  but i kinda just brushed it off since my time there was full of strange shit like that . 
  earlier this month . 
  southern finland . 
  i once heard finnish ambassador to the us speak finnish . 
  quite exciting . 
   wondering why the natives , including those on reddit , do not welcome them as long-lost brothers . 
  i think i remember this post , was n't it about african americans going back to africa and expecting people there to be like `` ayyy bro , wassup '' ? 
  but which habsburg ? 
  vote now on your phones !, 
  ( and everyone voted so hard that hofburg caught on fire and burned down . ), 
  are you from pawnee or something ? 
  this is some park & rec shit right here, 
  i just ca n't get over the fact that some people say `` they 're eating reindeer ( or horse ) '' and mean it as an insult . 
  like , have they actually tasted them ? 
  they 're both pretty damn good . 
  sweden is the clear winner, 
   pizza hut , ge , nike , polo , kfc , pizza hut , mall of sofia ( built by ge capital ) ... not to mention pizza hut, 
  oh , believe me , i do . 
  it 's such a pain to not know how to pronounce a word before you 've heard someone else pronounce . 
  of course it 's a problem with names in general , but it 's one thing about english that has always bothered me . 
  probably pretty close , but it 's more that it looks so funny written with an `` y '' . 
  i probably ca n't now play shogun total war without thinking about yari ashigaru being some dude named jari . 
  i 'd imagine that trump support is n't very high with those of voting age who 've paid attention to the us elections , but i wonder how popular it is among general populace . 
  for those who 've only seen a glimpse here and a glimpse there , he seems to be moderately popular from what i 've heard . 
  which at first seems a little odd , but i noticed that it mostly boils down to `` he does n't like immigrants and that 's good because i do n't like immigrants '' . 
  not work , that 's for sure . 
  dear lord, 
  to me it kinda seems like one , since it 's not a typical small talk line . 
  `` hi , how are you '' seems much less personal than `` are you having a good day '' . 
  yes . 
  it 's free . 
  gavrilo princip of the modern day, 
  i do that to my girlfriend , but i 'm pretty sure that 's not what the question was about . 
  a cup of coffee , some rye bread and porridge is how i start my days . 
  and of course a little pinch of hatred for the eternal suffering that is early mornings . 
  but the coffee kinda balances that out . 
  that looks amazing for a hangover though, 
  but what if i do n't speak turkish ? 
  yeah , apparently spain because our old folk are flocking there . 
  and the standard of living . 
  ca n't forget that . 
  though , same as finland , taxes are preeeetty high . 
  somehow i 'm not surprised seeing someone from estonia mention this . 
  the divide is real and pretty apparent for even a casual examiner . 
  i 'm thoroughly disappointed with those links, 
  saw them live in lahti . 
  they played their one recognizable song three times . 
  talk about a one hit wonder . 
  and no , i did n't pay anything for it . 
  we got in free since so few people turned up to see them . 
  it was pretty bizarre . 
  lettuce , meat , cheese , sauce . 
  stop trying to make interrobang happen , it will * never * happen !, 
  do n't you dare besmirch the good name of lidl !, 
  m\u00e4mmi is awedome . 
  some `` red milk '' and sugar , oh boy !, 
  huh , i always thought it was just `` poro '' . 
  thanks !, 
  this really warms my heart, 
  i think that rotten fish thing is more a swedish thing . 
  i thought we were called `` poro '' ( reindeer ) . 
  at least that 's what * i 've * been called ... 
   how did you build such good mobile phones when you are a depressed pale heartless sunstarved alcoholic who lives in a wooden hut far away from civilization sometimes you actually * have * to contact other people , i know it sucks , but with mobile phones you can just text them . 
   the first commercially sold sms service was offered to consumers , as a person-to-person text messaging service by radiolinja ( now part of elisa ) in finland in 1993 . 
  most early gsm mobile phone handsets did not support the ability to send sms text messages , and nokia was the only handset manufacturer whose total gsm phone line in 1993 supported user-sending of sms text messages . 
  according to matti makkonen , the inventor of sms text messages , nokia 2010 , which was released in january 1994 , was the first mobile phone to support composing smses easily . 
  people are pretty casual about it . 
  it 's not seen as particularly offensive imo . 
  casual swear word here and there is pretty common . 
  of course it 's not very common in a professional setting , but that 's probably part of what makes it a professional setting . 
  and you see it on tv from time to time and it does n't seem to be that big of a deal . 
  bees , mosquitoes , flies i guess . 
  oh , of course . 
  i was talking about finland in particular , though i might have not that made all that clear . 
  i 've had euro coins from monaco a few times afaik ( since i do n't always remember to check ) . 
  maybe one of our f1 drivers is bringing them in , hehe . 
  also coins from cyprus do n't seem all that uncommon , could be because of all the people vacationing there . 
  assimilate, 
  it 's pretty haunting in how believable it is . 
  dude , not cool . 
  you could say this to oppose almost any large project . 
  what sank the greek economy was the bubble they partly created by gross overspending and cooking the books to create artificial success . 
  and instead of awarding the projects to one or a select few companies , i 'd personally rather direct the money to member states , earmarked for the infrastructure projects . 
  but if you * want * to fuck it up , you could do it your way . 
  which is n't really the way i was thinking of . 
  i think building better infrastructure within the eu is the perfect project . 
  it can be spread out to all members so there should n't be as much bickering about the location of the project and there should n't be as much bickering about who benefits since everyone would benefit from it . 
  more trade inside the eu , jobs for those building the infrastructure ( be it roads or trains ) , easier movement of goods and people and so on . 
  what it kinda lacks that it probably would n't be seen as everyone coming together to built something as much as some other projects , but it could be one of those things where people can say `` look at this , this is what the eu does for us , for the benefit of us all '' . 
  most of the time the trains stops here . 
  depends on if the food is good or not . 
  i really liked the book but i felt like the scientific musings dragged on a bit too long . 
  i thought the tarkovsky movie was great , even if it was different from the book . 
  the ending on that one , oh boy . 
  amazing . 
  not a law , no , but it 's almost always prohibited by the swimming halls and spas . 
  and it 's also just something you do n't generally do . 
   i 'll come in wearing swim-trunks . 
  i would n't have it any other way .
