  it 's like they have no freedom at all !, 
  is that the even more xenophobic one ? 
  probably to not reinforce the stereotype of ~ ~ xenophobix ~ ~ xenophobic/islam-fearing europeans . 
  though it 's a pretty questionable to say it like he did . 
  weetabix for those fearful of anything foreign !, 
  this is the top voted comment . 
  / r/europe really is as bad as people say . 
  e : not anymore . 
  i 'm glad . 
  exactly . 
  under viking threat , apparently . 
  yeah man , tell him !, 
  tell him !, 
  nothing going on in finland . 
  figures . 
  it 's flawed within a society that respects law and education , that is . 
  you do n't see me lolling . 
  and it seems kinda ... creepy . 
  `` were almost gypsy free now . '', 
  haha , suck it other nations !, 
  we got the santa claus !, 
  give up your false claims , this map provides irrefutable proof for our rightful claim !, 
  `` but other kids are doing it ! '', 
  is a poor excuse . 
  estonians sure are constant source of hilarity to us . 
  hilarity and cheap booze , of course . 
  oh our southern brothers . 
  we love you guys . 
  i 'm not sure about creative , but i do like them . 
  i think this would require a great amount of people changing from store bought food to free frood from charities , which i doubt will happen . 
  sure , there will always be some people abusing systems like these , but i 'm really sceptical of it becoming widespread enough to affect prices and production . 
  i was thinking more of those few students that will make the change of food source . 
  the store will still get their money . 
  i can totally see some insane right-wing party using this . 
  so , the money would still in circulation even if you used it to buy beer from the shop and not food . 
  does n't seem like a big problem imo . 
  we 're not in the us pal . 
  ( jokes aside , from what i know , they are huge on charity and pro bono work . ), 
  i read it as a nicely worded rule rather than courtesy . 
  maybe , though i do n't think any of those states was know of by `` europeans '' at the time when the concept first was thought of . 
  and i fear you misread . 
  `` counts for more '' does n't really mean `` is the only thing that counts '' . 
  & gt ; yet the borders of europe -- a concept dating back to classical antiquity -- are somewhat arbitrary , as the primarily physiographic term `` continent '' can incorporate cultural and political elements . 
  i think the `` somewhat arbitrary '' lines should n't be considered as `` hard lines '' of who is european and who is not , the culture counts for more ( but is n't the only thing that counts either ) . 
  suomenlinna ( the # 1 in finland ) does n't seem like much in comparison to the others , if i 'm being completely honest ... 
  it 's a cool place to visit on a nice summer 's day if you live close , but not that amazing to visit as a tourist from abroad i think . 
  i think it 's honestly the culture that counts for more , since the geographical line ( at least seems to be ) is pretty arbitrary . 
  it 's all sciency and cool !, 
  i loved how most of these were old buildings and such and the one belarus had was a cyberpunkey library . 
  pretty damn cool library at that . 
  that 's true , but travelling in europe is easy and worth doing . 
  not a bad `` life challenge '' to visit all of these . 
  i just visited st. petersburg . 
  *** definitely *** worth a visit !, 
  `` the venice of the north '' is a truly amazing city . 
  i fell in love with the architecture . 
  and the women !, 
  only thing i did n't enjoy was the tap water i was too stupid ( and with a massive hangover ) not to drink . 
  taste was 6/10 , parasites were 9/10 . 
  i think it 's not hard to guess what it might be ... hehe . 
  these comments are full of romanians !, 
  good to see so many of you guys !, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  we have a tram which is a bar . 
  yeah , but that way it will be fair for all the little countries you big bully !, 
  i love clever graffitis like this . 
  ( graffitis sounds like a disease i got from my trip to st. petersburg , from drinking the tap water . ), 
  agree with the first part , disagree with the second . 
  sweden burning . 
  this is like an early christmas . 
  i think they just set up trade restrictions against foreign smoke . 
  we just usually drink vodka and stab each other . 
  we are n't very good at pillaging , i guess ... 
  oh you lanky motherfuckers , you really did it this time ... 
  damn southern-italian shills , they 're everywhere !, 
  is that why you guys have been so nice towards us ? 
  i fucking knew it !, 
  imperialistic swedes are at it again !, 
  one would assume that americans are familiar with the concept of capitalism . 
  `` people thought it would ruin the x ( state , country , city ) and end freedom . '', 
  that seems to be the go-to answer for opposing something for some americans . 
  you constantly see stuff like that said about so many different things . 
  the sad thing is , there 's very little you can actually do ( on the grassroots level ) to fight a giant like nestle . 
  they manufacture so much stuff that it 's really difficult to boycott them , so only thing you can really do is raise awareness about their shittiness . 
  i wonder if this `` we got best water in the world '' thing is very common . 
  i 've heard swedes , italians and estonians say that , and us finns too of course . 
  are these countries in the top when it comes to water quality , or is it just something everyone thinks of their own country ? 
  ( do n't get me wrong , i have no doubt you guys have excellent tap water . 
  just curious because i 've seen this `` some of the best '' claim from so many different nationalities . ), 
  i understand that . 
  i was just curious . 
  the description of russia just reminded me of a certain other state , so i wondered whether he hated all countries acting like it or just russia . 
  you 'd be surprised how one-sided people can be . 
  so sorry for being off topic . 
  i was n't really trying to add to the conversation , i was just curious . 
  good to know you got the meaning of this quotation marks on the `` if '' . 
  ( as in , there 's no doubt about that they 've said that ukraine is the aggressor . ), 
  and you 're the one saying that / r/europe is full of `` putinbots '' . 
  you would n't take accusation from a delusional person seriously either . 
  like i said , if there had been a surge of pro-russia commentators ( legit and `` putinbots '' both ) they have n't achieved a very visible position on western media .
