  oh shit , for that , they 're going to come in and burn your ports . 
  i 'm just glad when the hot weather ends . 
  i can deal with cold , but there 's only so much undressing you can do on hot weather . 
  when you 're sitting naked in front of a fan and still sweating , it 's just too hot . 
  and thanks to eu , there is n't any charges on that !, 
  so it should be `` people district '' then , you lying bastards . 
  it was a damn fine armada though . 
  we know what happens when there are no mountains . 
  well there are legit `` artificial cities '' in the world , called `` planned communities '' or `` planned cities '' . 
  the difference with `` normal '' cities is the nature of their growth or development . 
  whereas most cities and communities have grown `` ad hoc '' , in natural fashion thanks to this and that reason , planned communities ( bras\u00edlia , canberra , our capital helsinki ) were created on top of small to non-existing community . 
  planned communities are `` created '' and planned , whereas most cities have grown naturally . 
  ( not trying to argue anything here , just thought this would interest some people . ), 
  reminds me our capital , helsinki . 
  it was a pretty small town before russia came and made it the capital . 
  ( and yes , haha , `` it 's still a small town '' . 
  i get it . 
  i get it all right . ), 
  i did n't know i could love estonia more . 
  well look at this sweden , you 're third !, 
  suck it !, 
  there 's a time for being humble and there 's a time for swinging our massive dick in everyone 's face . 
  haha suck it sweden we 're number one !, 
  number one , number one , number one !, 
  it 's not like / r/europe is n't fertile ground for this stuff . 
  you do n't want to visit , but visit you will . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  ours is truly the superior language . 
  you might be right . 
  there could be enough names on that list to make all parties look bad , so no one wants it to became public . 
  and i get the official reasoning too . 
  it 's basically the perfect smear tool , without much actual information to back it up . 
  but damn do i wish to see that list . 
  it has become such a mythical thing at this point that i just have to see it . 
  shhhhh !, 
  keep your voice down !, 
  tiitisen lista ( [ tiitinen list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiitinen_list ) ) is n't really a big mystery or anything , but it has some `` lightweight conspiracies '' surrounding it . 
   the tiitinen list is a finnish classified government document which was given by west germany to the finnish security police ( supo ) in 1990 . 
  the list consists of the names of 18 persons [ 1 ] who are suspected to have been in contact with the east german security service stasi . 
  [ 2 ] the people are popularly described as having been suspected of spying for the eastern bloc . 
  the list is named after seppo tiitinen , who was the head of supo in 1990 . 
  [ 2 ] the questions are : who are on that list , what was the extent of their collaboration with stasi , and why has n't it been made public ? 
  the two first questions are interesting , though the most likely ( at least imo ) answers are : leading politicians of the day and sharing some info . 
  though there 's a lot of room for speculation in here , as everyone in finland probably knows . 
  ( the whole list thing is very popular from time to time on media . ), 
  as for the last question , why it 's been withheld , this is the most reasonable reason :  one major argument in keeping the list classified has been that it only specifies individuals who have allegedly been in contact with stasi , but not the nature of the contact . 
  therefore being on the list would not constitute proof of or even indicate breaking any finnish laws . 
  consequently it was chosen not to shame potentially innocent persons in the media . 
  i personally do believe there 's some juicy names on that list ( testimonies and whatnot from the `` good old days '' seem to indicate that some level of collaboration with gdr and/or the ussr was more of a rule than an exception ) , so it makes sense that the big shots of the day ( and even today , perhaps ) would rather keep the list secret . 
  the real reason for why it has n't been made public is probably a combination of the two . 
  it 's not proof of anything * and * it could 've and still could hurt major politicians . 
  probably someday in the future , the list will be made public . 
  that will be such a beautiful shitstorm . 
  ( as in , `` we 're searching for this fella , if you see him arrest him and/or inform us '' ), 
  good to know . 
  good to know ... 
  we were wiped out because we were too honest . 
  i knew it would end like this . 
  must be fun seeing your countrymen here . 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  so the swiss are no better than americans ? 
  haha , take that you swiss bastards !, 
  i think they have to vote first . 
  i 'd say this is in no way limited to russians . 
  but of course russians do like to do it , a lot , so it 's kinda fair . 
  stalin did n't invade finland after they had won the continuation war , thanks largely to appeasement . 
  ( other factors helped too , but i 'd say appeasement was the major one . 
  there was no need to invade . ), 
  of course appeasement does n't always work , but it can work . 
  it just does n't work very often . 
  finland has apparently been kicked out . 
  you rat bastards !, 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  ( long-time listener of their podcasts . ), 
  though a big chunk of their readers are american , i was rather talking about common styles of these cartoons . 
  the american ones tend to be more `` labeled '' from what i 've seen , excellently mocked by the onion . 
  american political cartoons are like that , from what i 've seen . 
  you do n't need to reach into your backpack for every sip though . 
  not to mention that barrels are pretty rare and expensive here , so that setup is inconvenient because of that too . 
  so 24-pack it is . 
  does n't seem as convenient though . 
  either you have to keep the barrel at your hand or you have to constantly be getting it from your backpack . 
  vodka belt , best belt . 
  it 's easier to drink from cans though . 
  you open one and leave the rest in your backpack . 
  i 'm going to call bullshit on that one . 
  vodka belt countries are the masters here . 
  oh yes . 
  i think we share a common hobby . 
  ( oh god why . ), 
  i think americans and europeans should just decide whether we 're under imminent threat of being overrun or very homogenous . 
  europe is full of nation-states and those nation-states are populated overwhelmingly by their `` namesake '' people . 
  and some still think we 're about to be overrun , any day now . 
  one can hope . 
  as of now , it 's not looking good . 
  but as economy picks up ( dear god , sooner than later pls ) , the xenophobia probably decreases . 
  post-ussr funtime . 
  the tanks left , the people stayed . 
  typical self-hating lithuanian / s,
