   honestly , this makes me want to never see any monuments light up again , because if we happen do it for a country with a majority of white people , we are obviously only doing it because they are white . 
  well that 's pretty dumb . 
  obviously that kind of thinking is n't very popular , why let one person 's opinion on it ruin it for you ? 
  i think what he was saying was the reason for lighting up buildings is solidarity and race ( most europeans are white ) plays a part in that . 
  he did n't seem to be saying that he hates white people or anything like that , but that skin colour plays a part in that feeling of solidarity . 
  and i agree , skin colour plays a part in our feeling of solidarity * in general * i think , not sure about this case , especially since are n't russians considered `` white '' ? 
  i 've never heard of them considered anything other . 
  that 's kinda funny considering how he wrote `` dae hate white people '' . 
  they might both be guilty of putting words into people 's mouths . 
   dae hate white people ? 
  what ? 
  i think it 's more that people are n't trying to hide their feelings about it and why should they ? 
  / r/europe is n't forced to be pro-eu , it just happens that most people here seem to be pro-eu . 
  and on reddit , popular comments are more prominent than unpopular ones , because that 's how the voting works . 
  are people supposed to try and hide that they 're pro-eu or something ? 
  like , what are you asking for ? 
  there 's a lot of people here , seemingly a majority is pro-eu considering how pro-eu sentiments are more popular than anti-eu , of course that will affect how much a given sentiment shows up in here . 
  pineapple , blue cheese and chicken pizza is pretty good as far as pineapple pizza goes . 
  i 'm not a fan of pineapple on a pizza , but i think with chicken and blue cheese it works . 
  we had it as a part of our regular history , though it was n't focused on that much . 
  nationalism , unification of germany ( especially ) and italy and so on . 
   donald duck is banned in finland . 
  we 're probably the world 's biggest donald duck fans , our donald duck magazine is popular as fuck in here . 
  are you talking about the funny story about how `` donald duck is banned in finland because he does n't wear pants '' or something ? 
  because even though that 's pretty funny , especially considering how popular donald duck cartoons are , it 's completely false . 
  [ snopes article . 
  ] ( http://www.snopes.com/disney/films/finland.asp ), 
  i do n't agree with it , i do n't think anyone 's right to vote should be taken away like that , it 's not a great precedent to have . 
  but it 's easier to agree with than taking the right to vote away forever , of course . 
  but like you said , it 's a different political culture and whatnot . 
  and it 's not like the us is alone in taking voting rights away from ( some ) prisoners . 
  i 've just always lived in a country that does n't do that so it seems foreign to me . 
  the crucial part here would be * after they 've served their sentence * . 
  releasing them from prison and finishing their probation period is supposed to be the end of their punishment imo . 
  if you consider someone fit enough to return to the society , i feel like they deserve their rights as a citizen back . 
  i 'd say it 's kinda fucked up because you 're still punishing someone after they 've served their sentence . 
  not to mention how taking away someone 's right to vote in any case sets a pretty alarming precedent , but in this case that right is taken away for good . 
  holy fuck , some people can lose voting rights for good . 
  i never knew that . 
  i knew that some countries do n't allow prisoners to vote , but i never knew the restrictions could still apply after being released . 
  or evil . 
   monocles were also stereotypical accessories of german military officers from this period ; especially from world war i and *** world war ii *** . 
  german military officers known to have worn a monocle include hans krebs , werner von fritsch , erich ludendorff , walter model , walter von reichenau , dietrich von saucken , hans von seeckt , and hugo sperrle i 'm sure ww1 propaganda plays a part , but i 'd say it was the ww2 propaganda and stereotype that really gave it the bad name it sometimes still has , of ze germans having a monocle and being all nazi and shit . 
  something about those old photos ... people always look fucking pissed . 
  i happen to have a picture of my great-great grandfather , in which he looks so thoroughly pissed that you 'd think someone was threatening the autonomy of the grand duchy . 
  as a kid i was always afraid of that picture and the really intensive stare in it , but now i love it . 
  jesus christ , took a while huh, 
  i 'd say finland was a country , even having a huge amount of autonomy , but was n't a sovereign state . 
  kinda like how scotland and wales are countries . 
  finland had their own postal service , own custom and border stuff and so on . 
  crossing from russia to finland was like going to a different country to such a degree that it caused problems with russians . 
  well that 's just sad . 
   because it * sounds * like a positive thing * when instead of * relevant flair , i guess , haha, 
   do you want to be the next sweden ? 
  it 's not like we have n't been emulating them all through history . 
  what sweden does first , we follow . 
  it can be a bit annoying at times , but then again , they 're a pretty great country to follow . 
  from what i 've heard ( as a finn ) , that 's actually the reason why finland is considered as the first to have * universal * suffarage , not the first to allow women to vote . 
  depends how you word it . 
  `` only educated people should be allowed to vote '' , blam , your opinion is suddenly popular since a lot of people think of themselves as educated and everyone else as the great unwashed , not capable of voting `` intelligently '' . 
  and i 'm not talking about the people who froth at the mouth when someone mentions feminists or even just reddit , but people in general . 
   virtue signalling oh boy , here we go ... 
   murderers and rapists you sure have a fuckload of those if they 're the only people in your prisons . 
  kebab roll with blue cheese , now that is some tasty stuff my man . 
  aurarulla truly is a gift to the mankind . 
  it was joe disney himself !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a jew , outside of visiting the synagogue in helsinki . 
  i had no idea it was on such a central location , it kinda blew my mind that i never noticed it . 
  it was a really interesting visit . 
  one thing that became clear to me is that some of them still hold a grudge about finland sending jewish evacuees to germany to die , during ww2 . 
  they had an official letter of apology over it on their wall , but quite understandably that does n't make it go away . 
  though they mentioned that finland was nowhere near the worst offender , the people who lived back then nevertheless felt betrayed and the community ( at least the ones i talked to ) still hold that feeling , to a degree . 
  hearing that made me feel pretty bad . 
  another thing that made me feel bad was seeing the big gate and the security guard there . 
  seeing how much security they felt they needed was kinda disheartening . 
  i think they said that those `` defences '' were set up after wtc attack . 
  also some neo-nazi scumbags had been vandalizing the place from time to time . 
  though it was n't a reaction to anything imminent but rather a safety precaution , it still seemed a bit depressing to see . 
  i did n't realize someone in finland felt they needed those kind of precautions . 
  it was a really interesting visit and gave me new perspective into things and a lot to think about . 
  ed miliband is jewish ? 
  huh , never knew that, 
  not because they were treated like shit and had the danger of a genocide looming over them ? 
   they kept denouncing each other to the authorities , and both spent time in taliban jails . 
  the taliban also confiscated the torah . 
  haha , that sounds like parents who put both kids on timeout and take away the toy the kids fought over since `` they do n't know how to play nice '' . 
  israel has nuclear weapons too . 
  that 's kinda the worst case scenario though , a hitler type fella rises to power and has control of nuclear weapons and is willing to use them , nevermind the consequences even to his own country . 
  but i think it 's far more likely that a hitler type fella will rise up and start an ethnic cleansing and * that * can be prevented by living in israel . 
  it 's easier to defend against external enemies like that . 
  and by being their own armed nation-state , they are in charge of their own safety instead of being at the mercy of the majority . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  even though it might seem like `` all the eggs in one basket '' situation , it 's still probably safer for them than living spread out in other countries as minorities . 
  and i ca n't really blame them for not trusting anyone else but themselves . 
  why though ? 
  the whole point is that it 's safer collectively for them to live in israel . 
  individual safety does n't really factor into it . 
  sure there 's a discussion to be had about it , but it does n't really relate to the original point on why they 'd want jews living in israel . 
  well that 's nice to hear, 
  the comment you 're replying to was written 15 hours ago , so the situation might have changed , considering that it 's real time .
