  i 'm just saying there 's a huge opposition to nuclear power which makes it difficult to implement . 
  well where 's my wave energy , france ? 
  where is it !, 
  this kind of shit is why there can never be constructive discussion about these issues on reddit . 
  also , bring booze . 
  your act must * really * if you do n't get points , even from your friends . 
  it hurts . 
  people like to moan about the eurovision . 
  i feel like a lot of people take it way seriously , and not in the good `` supporting your country and being furious when your neighbor does n't give you full points '' kinda `` seriously '' . 
  it 's just a silly european get-together . 
  let 's just all have fun and not take it too seriously !, 
  i think the music side of it is n't really all that important . 
  to me , it 's more about ( european ) countries coming together and having a bit of fun . 
  this kind of stuff is exactly why i love the eurovision . 
  it 's a fun and silly song contest where european countries come together , murmur and cheer when points are announced and whatnot . 
  it 's just so much fun !, 
  and it gives me this warm and fuzzy feeling when they show clips of the other countries and whatnot . 
  i honestly think it 's a thing that brings europeans together . 
  and i enjoy that . 
  why is it absurd ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i was under the assumption that russia was aiding european far right parties , who are generally in favour of separation from eu . 
  divide and conquer and all that . 
  but i guess if he explicitly said that he was pro-brexit , that would n't be the best pr for it . 
  it might even convince a few people to vote against it * because * he is in favour of it . 
  1/52 of mcd 's income would be pretty damn significant . 
  you might not notice if you lose 1 $ from 52 $ you have , but considering the massive scale and the actual amount of money 1/52 of total would be , yeah it 's a big deal . 
  i think france is absolutely in the right in this , do n't get me wrong . 
  i was just saying that if this hypothetically was one week 's income , it would be a big blow for them , even though it might not sound like it at first . 
  significant enough for them to shy away from schemes like this in the future ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i hope so , but the financial side of giants like this is preeeetty complicated . 
  so , pretty significant ? 
  dear god . 
  i wonder what it 's like for actual swedes to browse that sub . 
  i hope it 's not a geo default for them , haha . 
  you do n't really get a balanced view on any candidate from reddit . 
  everyone is either a total saint or a total hitler . 
  i 'm so fed up with the us elections , at least with the reddit 's coverage of it . 
  circlejerks and shit flinging . 
  and as you can tell , my blocking has n't been * entirely successful * . 
  goddman relay , why you do this to me ... 
  oligarchies of the world , unite !, 
  nothing makes me happier than voting to make everyone as miserable as i am . 
  yes , but you did mention `` soviet europe '' . 
  what are you referring to , if not actual soviet countries ? 
   in soviet europe people go to jail over mockery of supreme leaders . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you talking about the former soviet countries or what ? 
  welcome to the no spin zone, 
  i did n't say anything !, 
  stopping it would 've been a much bigger political statement than allowing it to go on . 
  now they can just say `` we 're allowing the courts to decide this '' , which is exactly what they 're doing . 
  i doubt he will be found guilty , so this is just a good way to avoid foreign policy problems with turkey . 
  they probably do n't want to have those problems now that we have some cooperation in the migrant problem . 
  i guess it 's not worth it to jeopardize that over this thing , if you can trust the courts to find him not guilty . 
  but that 's of course a big '' if '' . 
  i do n't like that there 's proceedings over this thing in the first place , but honestly it seems like a smart way to handle this thing now that it has gotten to this point . 
  to be fair , at least in the finnish pp there 's a lot of people i would consider as `` basement dwellers '' , both in the voters and candidates . 
  saying they 're all basement dwellers is of course just lazy propaganda/stereotyping , but they are often overrepresented . 
   bull ****  f *** if you want to swear , swear . 
  if you do n't want to swear , do n't . 
  there 's no reason to go halfway in and then censor your swear words . 
  this is n't daytime tv and you have plenty of time to decide to do it one way or another . 
  honestly , i doubt they would care much . 
  they got their uniforms , just make the slaves wash them . 
  same with the female kurdish soldiers . 
  people think they 're like silver against werewolves . 
  they 're all hiding in finland . 
  sitting in a sauna or just casually streaking . 
  no one would suspect a thing . 
  it would be great to have such a big country , but i doubt we finns would have the time to rule it all . 
  ( a bastardization of the joke i hear about our former president kekkonen : bre\u017enev and kekkonen were talking . 
  bre\u017enev : the relations between our two countries are so good that i think it 's time to make our countries one , do n't you think ? 
  kekkonen : it 's an otherwise good idea , but i 'm too old to rule such a vast country . ), 
  pffffttttt , yeah right !, 
  i know they 're all made up . 
  i just tried to look `` firenze '' up in english wiki and it redirected me to some unrelated city called `` florence '' . 
  you ca n't fool me !, 
  next you 're going to tell me rome is real !, 
   bruges uh oh , in bruges quotes coming in !, 
  you moved bulgaria because they 're hostile towards raising children ? 
   swedish that 's a yes then . 
  i like how in much of the world swedes are considered gloomy guys who just sit in silence and whatnot , whereas in here we know that you 're the annoyingly talkative bunch . 
  nice to meet you !, 
  so , where are you heading ? 
   '' gahh !, 
  get away from me you savage beast, 
  [ of course we 're not on a list of european nationalities . 
  embrace your heritage , my brother . 
  you must be the guy who sits next to people on a bus and tries to engage in some small talk . 
  i guess there can only be one bogeyman at a time . 
  it was russia , but now it 's refugees . 
  maybe after that starts to cool down we 'll see people being outraged about ukraine again . 
  that 's if they hold out for that long and are n't forced to cut a deal . 
  i could swear i saw a double post ... oh well , no worries , i ca n't find it anymore . 
  you accidentally double posted this . 
  how is europe a `` doomed continent '' ? 
  that sounds like going a bit far , honestly . 
  the low turnout is partly intentional .
