  the eu really ca n't win . 
  if they do n't do anything , they 'll get bashed . 
  if they decide to commit certain amount of income to doing something , they get bashed for doing less in other fields . 
  if they asked for more money to deal with the crisis and still do everything they did before , you 'd bet they 'd be bashed for that too . 
  you 'd absolutely get shat on if you bashed atheism in here , do n't be delusional . 
  why would this drive the uk out ? 
  as far as i understood it , they 're suggesting that we use 10 % of existing eu income ( membership fees and such ) to combating the problem , not paying extra 10 % of the member states ' income to the eu . 
  that 's exactly what they 're suggesting in the article . 
  instead of having fragmented strategies and plans that do n't actually go into action , we need a unified strategy and a single person leading this thing . 
  and to actually get shit done , they need funds . 
  and it would be faster to direct eu funds to the problem instead of requiring the member countries to pay up , since the speed in which member countries are giving the money varies a lot . 
  having one single policy and a single person in charge of seeing it come to fruition , using existing eu income to do it . 
  it 's all we had to begin with . 
  let the best team win and the beer flow in any case . 
  i know , i 'm just kidding around . 
  here we go again ... 
  i do n't know if beating you for the second time would be as tasty . 
  e : fuck this shit, 
  sped up too . 
  `` anthems ? 
  we do n't have time for no stinking anthems ! '', 
   find himself waking up day some day soon it took me a moment but i assume you mean `` waking up dead '' someday . 
  also , can you actually `` wake up '' if you 're dead ? 
  one of the scary movie flicks had a debate about this very same topic , hah . 
  not that you swiss knew anything about this ... hmmm ... 
   a ) pretty pathetic how everyone is commenting about how sad they are about her death on facebook , considering that it sounds like the girl was clearly lonely , another article talks about how no-one congratulated her on her birthday you can be sad about a death even if you 're not friends with/like a person . 
  i 'm sad about it even though i did n't have any idea this girl even existed . 
  does n't mean they 're hypocrites or anything . 
  if the people commenting were the ones who directly drove her to suicide ( if that 's really the case ) , then it would be kinda hypocritical . 
  but just being sad about the death even though you did n't say happy birthday to her does n't really mean anything . 
  it could still very well be racism . 
  people are great at dividing groups into smaller and smaller subgroups to justify their feelings of superiority . 
  if someone thinks the polish , people of that nationality / `` race '' are worse than they are , it 's definitely racism . 
  ( especially since what constitutes as a `` race '' in humans is such a finicky thing and everyone treats it differently . ), 
  but often xenophobia is behind it all . 
  though it 's hard to say what was behind the hostility conclusively , the insults seem like racially motivated . 
  yeah , what the hell . 
  doing this to people of any age is scummy , but to someone who is 16 ? 
  this is the new norm in this sub . 
  hahaha , suck it us , now you know how it feels !, 
  because the live points giving is a fun segment . 
   very uneurovisiony song uhh , that was probably a good thing ? 
  well , marketing reasons . 
  poland is kinda on that track . 
  sauna elves are crying in the distance , such is the extent of this sacrilege . 
  i do n't think you 're supposed to eat there . 
  or in any sauna . 
  liquid bread being an exception . 
  it 's not really as big of a deal in finland . 
  a sauna is a special place where most people are comfortable being naked . 
  it 's not a sexual place . 
  it 's a rule rather than exception to go to sauna naked . 
  strangers or not . 
  some public saunas say you have to wear a towel in a mixed sauna , but that 's just heresy in the eyes of the gods . 
  i 'd use it once out of curiosity and then bitch about and disparage it for the rest of my life . 
  that kind of colouring in a sauna ... do n't they have any respect for the sauna elves ?!, 
  or just drunk and accommodating . 
  blue cheese kebab all day erryday . 
  it 's more that it 's so hot that you do n't notice or care that it 's a bit warm . 
  try drinking a sip of cold water and then going back to your beer . 
  it 's disgustingly hot . 
  but if you just keep downing the beer in your hand , it does n't feel too hot . 
  a proper sauna is the true sign of civilization . 
  heaters under the benches ? 
  disgusting savagery . 
   you do n't drink the beer in the sauna utter heresy, 
  your taloyhti\u00f6 sounds awful . 
  two ? 
  someone is n't drinking microbrew !, 
  you foolish muukalainen , you have n't seen the light yet . 
  we 've listened to many games on radio in my sauna , while furiously downing beers and smacking ourselves with tree branches . 
  it 's the ultimate way to get you to patriotic fervour . 
  great way to drum up hype . 
  `` look , they 're queueing to get to that restaurant , it must be very cool and popular ! '', 
  we sure love our free buckets . 
  i would be embarrassed but the swedes and russians would see that as sign of weakness so i 'll just show my utter contempt for it . 
  the thrifty russian premier is drinking tea from samovar while laughing maniacally . 
  they should throw some tea to the sea and use it to float the island . 
  well i feel like the joke works better that way , do n't you think ? 
  i can hardly change the hand i jack off with , i ca n't imagine what kind of hassle this would be . 
  probably , though i think all over europe the norm is to just have two sets of pedals . 
  legitimate claim on the island for the first one to switch over . 
  dirty heathens , if sweden could see the light , so can you !, 
  i feel like a lecture on capitalism from greece is the last thing we need . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  the americans came from ... inside the union !, 
  i 'm all for mandatory fireworks . 
  thanks for saving us from the ~ ~ german ~ ~ ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ chinese ( ? ), 
  america to the rescue , once again !, 
  thanks , america . 
  ireland , cyprus , malta , you 're all cool . 
  for some reason i imagine the whole cyprus thing was common knowledge . 
  but just yesterday someone had to explain the football offside rule to me . 
  it 's so much simpler in hockey , man . 
  so they should specifically be against monopolies , right ? 
  i just realized i 'm in / r/europe and not / r/mapporn . 
  the union shall rule over us all , make yurop glorious again !, 
   if that is the main reason , why are they being inconsistent about it ? 
  i guess the implication is that he does n't consider russians white for some reason or expects that others do n't consider them white . 
  why not , i have no idea .
