  i have n't read anything about ussr fearing nuclear war over invading finland , but it could be that that was something they were constantly afraid of and increasing the likelihood of nato first strike was n't something they wanted to do . 
  at least in this case . 
   [ startpagina.nl ] ( http://www.startpagina.nl ) took me a few takes to realize there 's no v in that . 
  ah , that makes a lot more sense than the way i imagined . 
  and yeah , it was pretty similar here , quite warm ( kinda ) until pretty recently . 
  con , it takes more time to dress up in the morning . 
  pro , the landscape looks way nicer now . 
  though i did saw a lot of syrian fellas with light clothes and a horrified look on their faces when they were walking outside . 
  poor buggers were n't prepared at all . 
  i know way too many people who rushed to switch their winter tires on yesterday evening/night . 
  why ... 
  it 's not like it 's a huge effort to change them , why put it off to the last possible moment so you 'll have to do it in the dark and in a hurry ... 
  when i had my car i used to switch them fairly early , so i would n't have to worry about sudden snowfall or anything like that . 
  besides , it 's a fairly enjoyable task if you take your time . 
  it 's often shit snow in southern finland too , but you have to enjoy the good snow when it comes . 
  fingers crossed for a proper white winter and especially christmas , i do n't think we 'd had that for a while . 
  it 's much less dark when the ground is covered in snow . 
  how do you even have snowball fights in that weather ? 
  life would probably be a bit better if everyone who was a grouch all winter could actually just hibernate through it . 
  you did n't check weather forecasts ? 
  i hope you 're talking about a bicycle and not a motorcycle . 
  either way , eh . 
  same thing happened to me but it was easy to fix by pumping the brakes a bit . 
  and it was pretty chill to ride a bike through a snowy landscape . 
  man , i 've wished for a decent winter weather for a while now , i hope it could be like this every day !, 
  not worth the effort for the half a second you 'll listen to that song before bailing out . 
   the quake comes nearly two months after a major earthquake killed almost 300 people and destroyed several towns . 
  by checking the other replies i got you 'll see that i was n't saying that nor was it my point . 
  my joke was more about the way people dismiss the information on that site ( or disagreeing information in general ) , not to say that this is the ultimate source of information . 
  if people are convinced that the eu is evil because they are classifying curved cucumbers as bananas , an eu site saying `` actually ... '' is n't going to convince them otherwise . 
  this is not a new thing , the site has been around for a while iirc . 
  if you click the links it usually tells where the original statement was printed . 
  it 's not just british papers , but they 're kinda infamous for doing this . 
  not as much debunking as correcting misconceptions or exaggerations . 
  `` but that 's just eu propaganda ! '', 
  `` you 'd rather believe some shitty tabloid ? 
  `` but that 's * news * . 
  of course i 'd rather believe the news than propaganda ! '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triple_parentheses  the use of triple parentheses or triple brackets , also known as an ( ( ( echo ) ) ) , is an antisemitic symbol that has been used to highlight the names of individuals of a jewish background . 
  i 've seen it most often used ironically or in otherwise joking manner ( esp . 
  on reddit ) or to ( semi - ) seriously suggest a link between certain things/persons and jews or the things anti-semites associate with jews . 
  [ i can think of a few irish people who would 've liked to eat the potato . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland \\ ) ) e : test comment please ignore e2 : now it works properly . 
  end it like this : ( ireland \\ \\ ) ) looks almost like that neo-nazi thing . 
  ( ( ( ireland ) ) ), 
  i think brits would also get a kick out of seeing that orderly queue of sausages . 
  the old lady will sail again !, 
  they were n't very fond of the revolutionary forces prior to napoleon either . 
  everyone was looking to quell those rebellious sentiments of equality and whatnot . 
  airstrip one , i guess, 
  i 'm honestly feeling pretty bad for the people who voted to say in . 
  this is really harming the already strained relationship between uk and ( the rest of ) the eu , not to mention causing a divide between peoples from both shores . 
  i mean , people from the rest of the eu were already pretty miffed that the uk voted to leave , but meddling like this after the damn vote will just leave people hating the uk . 
  and they 're saying that it 's the eu ( faceless bureaucrats ) who decide everything and whatnot . 
  now they 're saying they 'll directly affect the eu policies . 
  which one is it , either they 're under brussels tyranny or in the table making decisions, 
  does n't really have to be a foreigner . 
  a muslim doing something bad is a surefire way to get to the front page too . 
  so it 's definitely not just about foreigners doing something bad that makes the news . 
  it 's just people do n't care as much . 
  i kinda expect people to read the article before commenting . 
  i do n't know why , since top level comment after top level comment proves that nobody fucking bothers , but i just feel like it 's what every should be doing . 
  at least have a cursory look at the article ... 
  they 're also the people who we trust to draw the bigger picture , where to cut spending , where to increase it and whatnot . 
  often the bureaucracy is n't capable of making these decisions since there 's no one clear answer and it 's a matter of politics . 
  as the article said , there 's no big issues * now * , but when it comes to next year 's budget , that 's where the issues are . 
  iceland does n't appreciate this laissez-faire attitude to linking, 
  turns out it 's not shakira patrols that we need to be afraid of . 
  ( pbuhh ), 
  i imagined they were some nerd group since they never leave their house . 
   people to serve and to protect man , why do i have to serve and protect cops ? 
  this is some bullshit !, 
  yes please , sunday and kebab , nothing better, 
   byzantine barbarian detected , only filthy savages would call it anything other than roman empire !, 
  because we do n't want to , really . 
  and partly because it would enrage russia . 
  and we do n't want to do that either . 
  i do n't know man , most of us are fine with the way things are now and not seeking to join . 
  confirmed as a vampire, 
  let 's say zhainah, 
   russia is neither european nor asian . 
  it 's a category on it 's own . 
  well , you could say it 's eurasian which would mean it 's both european and asian . 
  but the vast majority of their population is living in the european part , they 're culturally close to other eastern european countries and so on and so on . 
  excluding it from europe would be pretty silly , unless you 're moving the generally accepted borders which are at the ural mountains . 
  and `` generally accepted '' here means ( apart from being a direct quote form wikipedia ) that majority of maps and definitions of europe ( an continent ) set the border there . 
   now generally agreed upon ? 
  that it totaly up to who you asked to . 
  well , yeah . 
  and when you ask , most set the border at ural mountains . 
  that 's what generally agreed upon means . 
   i look at your map and see for you europe includes turkey . 
  but you did notice the vast majority of the maps that did include russia though ? 
  i do n't think i can stress this point enough . 
  this is exactly why i said `` generally agreed upon '' , since in the vast majority of cases russia is considered european . 
   is turkey part of europe , hell fucking no . 
  that 's a whole another can of worms . 
  i 'd personally say that it has parts * in * europe but is n't * european * , whereas russia is the opposite , it has parts in asia but is european . 
  but , yeah , there 's a huge debate about turkey , it 's a lot more contentious than russia being european . 
   otherwise , include marroco .
