  you 're saying stasi alone puts germany overall ( legacy of east and west and modern germany ) past what the us has done since ww2 , around the world ? 
  stasi was bad and east germany did bad things , but the level of those actions are nowhere near the scope of shit the us did . 
  i did n't even notice that the first time i read the article . 
  jesus christ that 's bad . 
  not only are their giving huge subsidies to fossil fuel companies , they 're also giving them a tax break ? 
  hah , fair enough . 
  how about `` after ww2 '' ? 
  nah , surely that could never happen ... 
  well it indeed is n't black and white . 
  but the us is a lot greyer than germany . 
  what the fuck uk, 
  fair enough , i was talking about general exceptions to the udhr . 
  it 's not a topic i 'm that familiar with though . 
  i 've read it multiple times , but i do n't know what exceptions are permitted and where . 
  these people arguing for denying entry back are out of their mind . 
  they think the situation is as simple as `` deny their entrance , they 're not a problem anymore '' . 
  out of sight , out of mind . 
  what a dangerous thing to believe in . 
   13 ( 2 ) everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country . 
  #  article 15 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone has the right to a nationality . 
  ( 2 ) no one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality . 
  but there are exceptions , of course . 
  you do n't have to let someone leave to join ranks of a terrorist organization . 
  you can be deprived of your nationality on the basis of your involvement in a terrorist organization . 
  and so on . 
  denying them from returning without a trial would constitute `` arbitrary '' , i think . 
  but it 's all pretty iffy and there 's a special types of lawyers for these cases . 
  but lets not make the mistake that some countries have done and abuse them in the prison , so they 're more bitter and prone to act violently when they get out . 
  lock them up , for sure , but at least try to rehabilitate them at the same time . 
  that seems excessive to me . 
  but that 's how they roll . 
  well , let facebook do that then . 
  the germans do n't have an obligation to host hate speech just because there 's ways to circumvent the law . 
  seems like they 're after him for not doing what the law requires and doing jack shit about hate speech . 
  i was actually thinking of in the way they work and such . 
  in that regard they 're almost identical as far as i know . 
  but you 're right , origin is the one that 's maintained and the one people should recommend to other people . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure . 
  conducting business in the eu would certainly become harder for them . 
  they might get blocked if the situation advances too far . 
  eu ca n't just let facebook get away with either , so they have to do something . 
  but i really doubt it goes to that . 
  it 's better for facebook to just stop doing it and continue trying to overrule this in court . 
  thanks . 
  i do have ublock origin setup already , i could n't live without it . 
  i 've also enable the firefox 's own privacy thingy . 
  it 's pretty handy . 
  the eu , i 'd presume . 
  especially with a high-profile case like this . 
  no problem . 
  ublock origin and adblockers that work on a similar principle know what to block by pulling the block rules from rule lists . 
  there 's a lot of different lists to choose from , i think ublock origin comes with quite a few , including a social list . 
  ( different lists might be focused on different geographical areas , different issues [ like social networking ] in addition to regular adblocking lists . ), 
  eu is n't the wild west . 
  you ca n't commit crimes , hop over one of our glorious schengen borders and expect that to be the end of it . 
  you 'll have to pay that fine or someone will come after you . 
  any specific addons you 'd recommend ? 
  people are also suggesting ublock origin and using a `` social blocking list '' in it . 
  that might be easier to set up and already familiar for most people . 
  well they 're one of the biggest if not the biggest violator in this respect . 
  i 'm not sure but google might be as bad or even worse , but it did n't seem like they went after some small time offender with something minor . 
  it was facebook that was sued . 
  the court did n't just pick facebook to enforce this on , the original privacy watchdog group sued facebook . 
  would n't make sense to me to call it discrimination . 
  does n't seem unreasonable . 
  considering that this court case was against facebook in the first place and its just more likely ( and makes a lot of sense ) that someone sues facebook than some smaller company . 
  afaik , the programs are nearly identical , so you should be fine with it . 
  use a social blocking list ( in addition to all the others ) . 
  also , firefox has a handy 3rd party blocking tool build in , might be worth to look into . 
  ( the name escapes me , but it was recently enabled in private browsing and you can enable in regular session by going to about : config ), 
  recently the immigration agency stopped accepting asylum seekers from somalia and iraq , putting them `` on hold '' to make sure we only accept people from risky areas . 
  i do n't know how that situation has developed , but it seems to be going in the right direction . 
  we should put a lot more effort in making sure the situation in their starting country is such that they do n't have to leave or they can return at some point , if they so wish . 
  you ca n't really prevent some people from trying to get here . 
  the quality of living is n't going to be equal between source and destination countries anytime soon , but we can make an effort to curtail the current influx . 
  of course it takes time and does n't help immediately , but i think we should do that in addition to dealing with the immediate problems . 
  kinda hard to take a news source like that seriously . 
  i do n't have a problem with that amount . 
  the cost of living is high in here and so on . 
  i 'd rather see more people turned away than the amount being lowered . 
  then again , that 's already happening . 
  no problem . 
  he uses reddit , but i think best way would be through email . 
  there 's contact info in the video description . 
  union city , district of europa ucde, 
  i actually read about it from wikipedia quite recently too . 
  i do n't know why it was surprising to me , but it certainly was . 
  ( i wanted to know what the stars actually meant and accidentally learned a lot more . 
  i love that . ), 
  i have * no idea * what standards you are talking about right now . 
   the joke being made was that because you are a ` fin ' from ` fin-land ' , and ` finn ' is an irish sort of name , you are all irish people and not scandanavians . 
  i 'm impressed if anyone gets this joke without you explaining it . 
  you 're putting * a lot * of trust in people to notice these things , haha . 
   nonetheless , if i can call indians , chinese people , and people from tajikistan ` asians ' , you are all just vikings to me . 
  [ that 's ... that 's not how ... ] ( https://gfycat.com/healthypleasingachillestang ), 
  nope . 
  [ here 's a good youtube video on the subject . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsxme8h6iyc ) though he makes it a bit more complicated than it has to be . 
  scandinavia : norway , denmark , sweden nordic countries : finland , iceland , norway , sweden , denmark as a good rule , go with nordic countries instead of scandinavia and you 're seldom wrong .
