  that 's quite the username you have there . 
  and it actually affects them . 
  yeah , i 'd consider myself a federalist and i like eu and i think it 's a great achievement , but that in no way prevents me from loving finland and being very proud of our little nation . 
  united in diversity and all that . 
  i 'll tell you what . 
  you 'll set a price for them and we just pocket the money . 
  `` thanks for taking us in . 
  could you point us towards europe ? 
  '' ... '' `` this ... this is n't europe , r-right ? '', 
  `` uhhmmm ... '' `` oh god '', 
  you ca n't expect me to pay full price , these politicians are clearly faulty !, 
  how about this , you 'll sell them for me cheap and i 'll make it worth your while . 
  come on , let 's talk about this over an expensive dinner . 
  true or not , it does sound pretty bizarre . 
  it will be pretty ridiculous if they ban one without banning the other . 
  or do any kind of research , really . 
  but it 's rare to even read the article , so i doubt anyone is willing to do that . 
  i think it could be showing much muslims have been in the news and perhaps been overrepresented by them . 
  but without a some sort of test or control group it 's impossible to say . 
  you could do the same test for gays , another group that 's said to be overrepresented in the media . 
  my straw man disagrees . 
  could be that they 're all subscribed to / r/europe . 
  as a subscriber , i 'm fairly sure that muslims have overran finland and make up approx 2/3rds of our population . 
  allah bless your day , my brother . 
  it 's not based on reason . 
  * bbc : uk votes to have the cake and eat it too *, 
  not being factual has n't really stopped the propaganda . 
  no no , we 're different from those beast . 
  europe would never be like that . 
  they 're a bit loony , are n't they ? 
   or they can try to change things where they are , that 's democracy for you . 
  #  that 's not democracy though i 'd say you either worded that really poorly or you replied to the wrong comment chain if you 're not advocating for the minority to leave if they do n't like it . 
  if you read the full comment thread again , you 'll see why i thought that was your view of democracy . 
  same here . 
  but i think that 's because our school was heavily christian ( at least members , not necessary religious ) . 
  so it was n't an issue before there was more people from other faiths . 
  of course it 's a problem from the separation of church and state angle , but finnish schools and finnish state has some work to do there anyway . 
  agreed . 
  it would n't be a democracy as we have it without that , but some sort of tyranny of the majority . 
  so estonian opposition parties should just leave the country ? 
  it 's not a democracy if the minority ( / opposition ) is n't allowed to voice their opinion and try to change things . 
  being able to critique the majority and work to change things for yourself is kinda the thing about a functioning democracy . 
  besides , just because they 're not ethnic danes does n't mean they 're immigrants or foreigners . 
  it 's kinda odd of the guy above you to assume they 're all foreigners , since a lot of the kids were probably born in denmark to immigrant parents , which means they 're not immigrants or foreigners in any meaningful way . 
  i have a great plan for becoming the president of the united states . 
  i 'll say that god wanted me to run for president . 
  i 'm not religious at all , but i mean , * if * there are gods and i guess there could be , it 's not out of the realm of possibility that one of them thought `` this arttu fella ? 
  he should totally run for president '' . 
  so technically i 'm not lying . 
  i 'd probably be a terrible president , but all things considered , they could do a lot worse . 
  i was thinking of this cup in particular . 
  i 'm not saying they are definitely the worst offenders . 
  it 's just what i 've picked up from news . 
  so , if there 's bias somewhere , it 's there . 
  eh , i really doubt it . 
  well , yeah . 
  that 's the reason . 
  it 's generally not that necessary . 
  so , england , france , russia ? 
  those countries keep coming up in the news . 
  i wonder if there 's any other countries involved in hooliganism in a major way . 
   russia * on the brink of * annexing marseille ? 
  that 'll get everyone riled up and clicking and commenting like mad . 
  and those writing the articles could defend themselves by saying that it * could happen * . 
  western countries shift the blame towards east just like east shifts the blame towards west . 
  that 's just how it goes , i guess . 
  there 's been some major hooliganism from several nations , but the russians were probably the worst . 
  also one reason why they 're getting the focus in here i 'd say is because there 's some serious ( albeit somewhat justified ) hostility between russians and most of the user base . 
  not a huge amount to save up . 
  it 's really not very puzzling . 
  most people save up for occasions like this . 
  so , unless they 're dirt poor and forced to spend all they earn , it 's not very surprising . 
  i 'm not sure how that makes sense . 
  eu ca n't control its borders , but member states can ? 
  but it 's not the eu who is guarding the borders , it 's the member countries . 
  the eu does n't really have its `` own borders '' . 
  what eu can do is to give a list of people who should n't be allowed to enter and the members counties act on that . 
  so , very much like how it works in general . 
  russia is pretty firmly in europe . 
  there 's zero doubt about that . 
  there 's some room for discussion about turkey , but not for russia . 
  i think it should definitely be examined if this is grounds for banning of russia , but certainly not on the grounds of them `` not being european '' . 
  that would just be ridiculous . 
  huh ? 
  i can read that article just fine . 
  is there some localized block or is it read article count ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that , especially the gun ownership . 
  there was n't one solid `` monoculture '' in place before the immigration ( not counting native americans and even they were n't a single nation ) and stuff like that affected it . 
  but i 'm not saying it 's a solid model for europe or any other place than the us , i 'm just saying that multicultural societies are n't an impossibility . 
  eh , i 'm not so sure about that either . 
  i think it fits well in the progress of things , even if the uk referendum was n't going on . 
  things like this do n't happen very quickly and are usually implemented after `` softer '' measures have already proven ineffective . 
  so i think it fits well in that timeline . 
  but , i 'll give you that the * announcement * of this might be because of the referendum . 
  but i would n't put it solely on that either . 
  could be the natural progress of things , could be that the plan was already fairly ready and they decided that the announcement had the added benefit of pleasing populist anti-eu people in europe and in the uk in particular . 
  i * really * doubt that 's the sole reason . 
  whether uk stays or not , we still have this migrant crisis going on and have to deal with it somehow . 
  proposing stuff like this helps with the stay camp , but i doubt that 's their sole objective . 
  or even the focus here .
