  oh , i did n't meant to imply they were n't . 
  it was just a reply to the `` they can do what they want '' comment . 
  the meaning behind it being , that if the eu decides to take action against tax havens ( or really anything that ireland strongly enough objects to ) , as members , they have to follow that decision , but as a free country , they 're free to leave and then do n't have to follow that decision . 
  what ? 
  that 's not really true . 
  when you 've chosen to be part of the eu and accepted that while you 're a member , some decisions taken on an eu level do bind you . 
  it is your country and you can choose to leave though . 
  then you wo n't have the advantages of a membership but you do n't have the disadvantages either . 
  they have freely chosen to be a part of the eu and freely chosen to accept the rules and regulations that come with it . 
  if they do n't want to be part of the eu anymore , they 're free to leave . 
  that 's how it works . 
  i guess the other half things that sweden has been run over by shakira patrols and whatnot , haha . 
  on certain places ( even some places here on reddit ) if you mention reddit , that 's the reaction you get . 
  it 's kinda insane . 
  people do that here too . 
  from what i 've heard the babies sleep really well and they do n't wake up as easily from you doing stuff in the house . 
  hardly first . 
  no thanks . 
  you , those fuckers keep calling out racism , how dare they, 
   because it 's a symbol of islam . 
  i think it 's kinda telling that it 's used as a symbol for islam when talking about turkey . 
  islam is seen as a monolith in i 'd say most places in europe . 
   im not limiting my definition to the western world . 
  im saying that the only royals who continue to have actual power are not in the developed countries . 
  so this comment  hes the president of us . 
  thats as much as royalty as you get in modern era is n't really true then , when there 's people like the saudi royals , who are actual royals with power and wealth and whatnot . 
  so , the what you were saying was that the president of the us is as close to royalty as you can get in the modern first world countries if you use a definition of royalty that excludes all the monarch and such that we usually would call royalty ? 
   its the literal definition , just without the bullshit about noble blood and stuff . 
  so , it 's not really the literal definition then , is it ? 
  i mean , it ca n't be if you 're stripping things out of it . 
   sure , which is why i said in developed countries ( meaning , mainly most of the west and china/japan/south korea ) if you 're going to define royalty differently than it is usually defined and limit it to developed world and then exclude all actual monarchs and royalty , i guess being the president of the us is closest to royalty then . 
  you 're using a peculiar definition of royalty then . 
  i mean , there 's also the saudi royals who are immensely influential and wealthy , that 's the best example of old style powerful and wealthy royalty we have today imo . 
  except for actual royalty like kings and queens and stuff, 
  24c in my room and i 'm sweating like a pig . 
  i just want to sack the old one . 
  efficient at being lazy ? 
  kiev is in ukraine though, 
  reminds me of prester john from marco polo ( the netflix show ) . 
  bay of pigs yo, 
  the legends say he ca n't do that unless he 's invited . 
   recent new found love of liberalism liberalism has been a core value of the eu ( and many european countries in general ) for a long time . 
  why do you think being in favour of liberalism is something new here ? 
  pray the train away, 
   that 's what makes me such a sneaky little downvote whore . 
  * downvotes * you like that , do n't you , you dirty little minx, 
  and every time there 's some new thing people are trying out , there 's someone complaining about it . 
  such is life . 
  if it tastes good , why not ? 
  and they 're all delicious , i ca n't really see the downside here, 
  m\u00e4mmi pizza does n't sound very tasty , but what 's wrong with salmiakki yogurt ? 
  communism making the freaking weather strange, 
   if only my country was still apart of  apart well , i mean ... 
  that makes no sense to me , like , voting for her out of spite or . . ? 
  this sub can get a bit `` fash-y '' at times , so i guess that would explain the hatred for her . 
   do you expect us to celebrate the day fascism was established ? 
  i 'm sure there are plenty here who do wish that , unfortunately . 
  and it seems to have been getting worse . 
  when people keep making the exact same talking points as alt-right people and visit alt-right subreddits , i feel like it 's fair to say they 're a bit alt-right , do n't you think ? 
  you did n't do any reading before going to rome ? 
  the city is still there , not just called that anymore . 
  this is great . 
  i love reading at the beach . 
  for rain , if you look at the top of the bookshelf , there seems to be some sort of cover for the books . 
   they literally decided to count votes that were n't even stamped midway through the vote . 
  # yeah , that 's pretty alarming and leaves room for serious vote rigging , but that does n't mean the vote was definitely rigged . 
  i 'm personally waiting for further info from neutral parties or at least hoping we get some . 
  i do n't really trust the opposition or akp on this one . 
  and i have no idea how neutral ysk is ( i assume not very ) . 
   he said the ysk had decided to consider unstamped ballots as valid unless they were proved to be fraudulent , after a high number of complaints -- including one from the ruling ak party -- that its officials had failed to stamp some ballot papers . 
   the no campaign said the last-minute decision raises questions about the validity of the vote . 
  but g\u00fcven said the decision was taken before results were entered into the system , and that members of the akp and the main opposition were present at almost all polling stations and signed off on reports . 
  so , could be a fuckup by ysk and the votes were legit in the sense that they were actually cast but it could also very well be that they showeled in yes votes with those unstamped ones . 
  e : and to add , i have n't been keeping up with the vote very much , i just did a quick search for related news articles and checked them when i wrote my original comment . 
  so i think it 's best to consider my comment as just an uneducated opinion . 
   the republican people 's party ( chp ) demanded a recount of 60 % of votes . 
  they criticised a decision to accept unstamped ballot papers as valid unless proven otherwise . 
  #  he and his government say more than 51 % of voters have backed the constitutional reform but the opposition has cried foul , claiming massive irregularities over invalid votes and vowing to challenge the result at the supreme electoral board . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39617700 so the opposition is certainly not conceding to a defeat , but i 'm not sure how much water their accusations hold . 
  we 'll probably get more info later on on how the vote was handled . 
  but at least in the couple of news articles i read , there was n't any concrete indication or accusations ( outside of the opposition , as in , by neutral parties ) of rigging the vote in some manner . 
  but again , we might have to wait for that for a while . 
  especially since the vote was so close . 
  that does n't mean he is n't a dictator though ( someone who holds absolute power ) . 
  dictators can be democratically elected , it 's just that usually they are n't . 
  that 's just childish . 
  come on . 
  let 's not vandalize wikipedia to make a political point . 
  there 's plenty of outlets for making that point , such as reddit . 
  i have no love for the guy but i love wikipedia and hate to see how many people here are so ready to vandalize it . 
  i 'm not sure about his reasoning , but vandalizing wikipedia , especially to make a political point is not cool imo . 
  instead of cyberpunk we get cykapunk, 
  oh just wait till the leage of nations hears about this !, 
  it gets kinda mixed up in here but i do n't think most people are anti-russian . 
  most bears are opportunistic omnivores and do n't eat meat at every meal and actually eat more plant than animal matter . 
  and the methane cows release into the athmosphere * is * a huge enviromental issue and something * does * need to be done about it , yes . 
  i 'm not sure what your issue is . 
  you want meat at every meal and yeah , you 're free to do so but it * is * really really tough on the enviroment . 
  do n't shoot the messenger and all that . 
   the planet does not give a fuck about the current state of organisms living on its self .
