  funnily enough , both insults have a little ( or more ) truth to them . 
  but that 's what makes them so aggravating to some . 
  hey , no judgement from here !, 
  when our alcohol laws and taxes are what they are , it 's really hard to disapprove entrepreneurs like you . 
  just bringing booze over `` for a wedding '' , hehe . 
  who the hell is able to drive after visiting tallinn ?!, 
  the finland one was pretty lame ... 
  i / r/europe can come up with better ones . 
  hey malta , you should just keep the immigrants , not pass them on to our problems !, 
  the new aircraft carriers are a joke . 
  in bruges reference , i think . 
  british vietnam ? 
  or is that too flattering ? 
  enjoy your watered down beer ? 
  we 'd like to think saying 6-1 det glider in would piss you guys off , but i do n't really believe it . 
  i want it to happen because it would make tallinn pretty much as accessible as vantaa or espoo to helsinki . 
  and create a cool as hell dual city of helsinki-tallinn . 
  oh man that would be cool . 
  there was this cool thing ... you ordered your booze and smokes online , went to a trip in estonia and had all your bought items given to you when you came back to helsinki terminal . 
  so you 'd get the tax-free stuff without the hassle of actually having to drag behind six 24-packs of beer and a backpack full of booze from tallinn back home . 
  ( been there , done that , was a hassle . ), 
  it was really damn cool . 
  it was so cool and easy that they made it illegal . 
  i do n't think we finns are the block against estonians being nordic . 
  we love our southern brothers !, 
  i always knew i was a patron of the arts . 
  hey , my bulk drinking is definitely under control ... ( damn swype ! ), 
  when people were talking about meeting the president , i constantly imagined sarkozy for some reason . 
  weird . 
  a finnish student giving a presentation : \u00d6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6 ... hmmmm ... \u00c4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4h ... tota ... \u00d6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6 ... 
  sounds like their cameras are n't working . 
  that 's what got me two . 
  russian drinking is bulk . 
  could n't be more correct !, 
  but swedish is already in there and we all know denmark is just little-sweden . 
  something being a bad idea does n't sound like enough of a reason to make it illegal imo . 
  it 's so fitting for this place to be for banning a flag . 
  that seems insane . 
  surely in a free country , just flying a flag ca n't be illegal ? 
  i assume you have to do something in addition to that , is that right ? 
  well , there 's `` talking on the phone '' and `` obnoxiously talking on the phone '' . 
  the first one can be as harmless as a regular conversation between two passengers , the latter is what should be restricted . 
  so , yes to the latter one ? 
  that 's what i suspected . 
  typical germany . 
  they always have to be invading netherlands . 
  invading the land , invading the energy market ... goddammit germans !, 
   we have a fairly dense population haha , i agree !, 
  fairly dense indeed !, 
  is norway just content on their level or is n't their plan for future not included in this ? 
  you guys are * so * jelly . 
  this could be a half-truth . 
  was it the kremlin backed communist government that said this ? 
  because that sounds plausible . 
  the bad thing about tolerance is that you have to tolerate things you do n't like . 
  i know it 's hard , but that 's one of our most cherished european values . 
  you do n't have to like them , you can go ahead and hate them , but until they attempt or do something illegal , you should tolerate them . 
  people are saying that we should n't give terrorist the attention they want and then spreading this shit from a terrorist at the same time ? 
  holy shit , is this sub really , honestly like this ? 
  hugs for oil , get yeeeeer hugs for oil here !, 
  do n't worry , we will never forget our southern brothers , 
  cripple them for an unknown time . 
  they might 've started booming few years after or not at all . 
  but it 's all just speculation . 
  oh , uh , ok . you had me going there for the first part . 
  the second half kind of threw me . 
  ... are you going to invade these countries ? 
  i think we are in an agreement after all . 
  i think we have a misunderstanding here . 
  i was talking about the effectiveness specifically . 
  i understood that you were too . 
  but it seems i have misunderstood you . 
  i take it that you meant in * absolute * numbers , afghanistan would seem like a cake walk ? 
  yes ... 
  yes ... 
  the plan is working . 
  belarus . 
  this seems to be a theme . 
  last time you went there , it was n't a fun ride for anybody . 
  * oh ... * you meant eastern part of * germany * . 
  i got lost in a forest in lapland , pretty far away from any towns and such . 
  whipped out my phone and had full bars on 3g . 
  used my gps to navigate next to the closest road and hitchhiked to my car . 
  technology really takes the fun out of everything . 
  he/she is probably in the same place that malesian plane is . 
   leave the populated southern areas and you can wander for days or even weeks before meeting another human being . 
  and it 's awesome !, 
  they 'll be a part of europe as soon as estonia gets to be nordic . 
  because fifty thousand people used to live there . 
  i think you and the guy i 'm replying to are mixing two or more things . 
  i never said they would n't give them hell . 
  or that invading half of europe would be a cake walk . 
  but i 'm not convinced that ukraine could ( after the initial invasion ) wage a guerrilla war * as * effective as the mujahideen did in afghanistan . 
  or guerrilla war so effective , that it would make `` afghanistan [ look like ] like a cakewalk '' . 
  he did say after all :  he would have guerrilla resistance of such magnitude that afghanistan would seem like a cakewalk . 
  that i doubt . 
  kiev or even ukraine as a whole being able to wage a guerrilla war * as * effective as the mujahideen did . 
  and i 'm talking about invading ukraine alone ( as was he ) , not talking about the other stuff putin allegedly said . 
  seems a bit shady . 
  i have no doubt he * could 've * said something like this , or that he will , but this should absolutely be taken with a grain of salt .
