  ( would be pretty hard to convince the whole alliance to jump in to defend a non-member . ), 
  fucking shit update . 
  the patch broke ussr , nerfed russia to near useless and made the us too op . 
  though i have to give it to them , the terrorist faction is now the bomb !, 
  their special ability really makes the enemy towers come crumbling down . 
  i think that is n't as airtight as the nato treaty . 
  my understanding is that many countries wanted an airtight `` attack one , attack all '' thing on the new treaty , but it was watered down to `` attack one , we 'll have a meeting over it . 
  good luck buddy , our hearts are with you . '', 
  you know that i was talking about finland and that finland is n't in nato ? 
  well , that 's the fear . 
  `` how much will we let russia get away with to prevent ww3 ? '', 
  that 's the reason obama visited estonia , to assure that they wo n't back away if the real thing starts . 
  but still ... `` salami tactics '' . 
  though starting a conventional war is n't as scary as nuclear weapons , granted . 
  we were against russia ( and britain , canada , australia , new zealand ) that time . 
  then we switched sides and fought against the germans . 
  if history repeats itself , it will be * really * confusing and bad for us . 
  first we get obliterated by russia . 
  then nato will come in and bomb the ashes . 
  maybe we 'll sit this one out ... you have fun , other countries ... 
  it got a lot of news time though . 
  it was pretty big news here in finland for a while . 
  ( for obvious reasons . ), 
  i was really rooting for you guys to deal with it swiftly . 
  cry to nato about it . 
  is n't that why they joined ? 
  to cut this shit out . 
  come on obama , you promiiiised !, 
  never !, 
  this is why we stopped sending time travelers with dyslexia to do the job . 
  pretty close to 50/50 according to polls . 
  it was . 
  but turkey the modern state is different from the past state of turkey aka . 
  the ottoman empire . 
  two different states which share a name , but should n't be considered the same . 
  turkey the modern state is missing from this map while turkey/the ottoman empire/the ottoman turkey fought in the ww1 . 
  different state . 
  it 's kinda like calling the ussr `` russia '' . 
  very little like that though . 
  this is why people think the average voter is an idiot . 
  interesting especially when it was n't turkey that fought in the ww1 . 
  agreed . 
  a little weird , yeah . 
  terrifying ? 
  not at all . 
  but that 's a good gift . 
  i need socks . 
  socks are n't a classy gift , it 's a practical gift . 
  ca n't blame them for trying . 
  that 's the only way to make sure that someone * actually * comes for estonians aid . 
  you got ta remember that they have also more money to do it , more people to work on it and so on . 
  straight comparisons are usually bad , but the `` we 're to big ! '', 
  excuse is usually bad too . 
  obama is a specimen ? 
   but being `` really popular '' doesnt also automatically create a riot on the streets of moscow i agree with you there , but you can be really popular and hated at the same time . 
  but that has to do with his harsh policies and authoritarian leadership . 
  harsh measures can make you really popular among some crowd and hated by other . 
  the fact still is , he is really popular among the russian people . 
  hated by the opposition , for sure , but at the same time supported by most . 
  being `` really popular '' does n't mean `` universally loved '' . 
  there 's opposition , but still ( it seems that ) a vast majority of people are supporting him . 
  his approval rating has been above 50 % since 2008 and it 's currently at 83 % ( [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ukraine-plane-crash/poll-putins-approval-rating-all-time-high-russia-n161161 ) ) it took a dip during the re-election , but 54 % is still way above any other possible candidate . 
  and like i said , i have no doubt that he would 've been re-elected even in free and fair elections . 
  if not for anything else than being the only candidate with such support . 
  the opposition is pretty scattered , but even if they rallied under one common candidate , i doubt it would 've been enough . 
  even though ( as pointed out to me ) , his popularity has much to do with controlling the media , the fact still is that he is very popular . 
  not loved by everyone ( and certainly hated by some ) , but still very popular . 
  that 's strange , because like i said , i feel like it 's used more often than not in mocking tone . 
  ( outside of professional texts , that is . ), 
  maybe as a finn i notice it more , i do n't know . 
  when you have that juvenile thought that a country should n't bow down to anyone , the term becomes an insult . 
  west-germany mocked finland a lot ( i do n't think they had that thought though ) for being finlandized . 
  well , good for them , with american troops making sure they could . 
  basically i think it 's used mockingly by those who think we ( or anyone said to be finlandized ) should stand up against the bully and `` not be their little pets '' or something . 
   reelected ( lol ) i have no doubt he would 've been re-elected even in fair elections . 
  he is really popular in russia , there 's no doubt about that . 
  that question has been answered though . 
  hey , it 's done a lot in israel-palestine conflicts . 
  one side agrees to a unilateral ceasefire . 
  what a shit article then . 
  it 's not op 's fault that he was n't up to speed , but the bbc 's . 
  they are stressing that they 're trying to broker the truce , while not being a part of the conflict . 
  possibly , but that 's almost always the case with a truce . 
  was the word used in professional writing ? 
  because that is a special case , of course . 
  even the wikipedia article about the word mentions its use as a pejorative . 
   the term is generally considered to be pejorative , originating in west german political debate of the late 1960s and 1970s . 
  as the term was used in germany and other nato countries , it referred to the decision of a country not to challenge a more powerful neighbor in foreign politics , while maintaining national sovereignty . 
  recently estonians for example have mocked us as a lackey of kreml and for being ( still ) finlandized , because of the talks our president had with putin . 
  and because finland hosted the negotiations between us and russia about the conflict in ukraine . 
  yeah , opposition to finlandization was present even during the time and today some finns view it as something we did willingy ( and were even happy to do ) , instead of it being done out of necessity . 
  it 's a fair point which i strongly disagree with . 
  but it honestly is n't * that * annoying when finns claim it and mock us . 
  i feel like it way more annoying when foreigners do it . 
  partly because some mocking us do n't clearly know anything about what the situation was . 
  `` you could have just said ` screw you ' to them , instead you happily did everything they wanted you to do . 
  haha . '', 
  yeah , that 's * exactly * the situation , sure ... 
  it 's used in mocking way more often than not , i feel .
