  it 's not fair that i have to scrape car windows but ca n't ski , it 's bullshit . 
  i want my snow and i want it now !, 
  -10 in kirkkonummi , but not enough snow . 
  it sucks that i have to scrape the car windows but ca n't ski , it 's not fair . 
  most of us were actually hoping for a decent winter weather . 
  i 'm waiting for it to snow enough that i can go skiing . 
  i have n't done that since navy and i ca n't wait to try my hand at it again !, 
  d i v e r s i t y e m o c r a c y, 
  daytona usa 2 is the sequel , i think . 
  well the beginning of the process is quite interesting , if you ask me . 
  remove gyro, 
  interesting . 
  thanks for linking these !, 
   the cult of putin #  / r/europe that would be like a cult of hitler run by jews . 
  makes no sense , since most people here absolutely despise putin . 
  easier for them to like him . 
  but i think it 's a safe bet that most people here know it through / r/polandball , where the phrase is often used . 
  it 's incorrect considering the time i was talking about , that is , from occupation of poland/winter war in 1939 to occupation of norway in 1940 , which is when the british and the french considered invading ( parts of ) northern norway and sweden . 
  overall you 're correct , finland was ( for the most part of ww2 ) aligned with nazi germany ( co-belligerents ) . 
  but the time we 're talking predates that , so i do n't think it 's correct to say so in this case . 
  and i did n't take as criticism . 
  it 's true , we were aligned with them and fighting alongside them from 1941 to 1944 . 
  and it 's not like we had much choice in the matter . 
  it was either them or nobody , as i see it . 
  it 's not something to feel proud about , but it is what it is . 
  of course , it 's always speculation when you 're talking about what could 've been . 
  but there were solid plans and it seems likely it would 've happened . 
  it would 've been a smart move to make , knowing how important the swedish iron ore was to germany . 
  but of course we will never know for sure . 
  but i have to correct you there , the nazis certainly did n't jump in to help us . 
  they are the ones who sold us to soviet union ( molotov -- ribbentrop pact ) and they actively hindered italy 's desires to help us in our struggle . 
  it 's only after we did n't crumble like a house of cards that hitler changed his mind a bit and it 's only after winter war that the nazis started helping us . 
  fair enough , i agree on that . 
  i have plenty of time since we celebrate mostly on 24th , hehe . 
  but merry christmas to you , have a nice day !, 
  well it does n't seem likely that hitler would 've changed his mind about the whole race thing . 
  you 're allowed to make educated guesses based on plans , what actually happened in the occupied areas they actually did held and so on . 
  at least to me it does n't seem likely the russians would 've been better off under nazis . 
  to me that seems like really strange way to compare them . 
  one lasted a lot longer , but one was way worse in the same period of time . 
  and on top of that , soviets beating the nazis is what stopped their rule short . 
  if the soviets had n't come in and stopped the nazis and it had lasted for as long as the soviet occupation did , the nazi rule would easily still be worse , no ? 
  also , even with the time given to soviets , surely you do n't think it was worse than what the nazis did in the short time given to them ? 
  they were trying to eradicate whole nations . 
  soviets killed a lot of people and were really fucking bad , but i do n't think that even compares to what the nazis did in the occupied areas . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're on about . 
   you guys did want to ( and were going ) invade norway anyway now , english is n't my native tongue , but that implies that the invasion did happen , but there was a plan to invade even if the germans did n't get to norway first ? 
   for some reason you link to the description of the plan but not the far more descriptive page on the norway campaign because those are the plans i was talking about , the `` were going to anyway '' part of my comment . 
  and i did n't think i would have to link to the campaign that did happen , since you seemed to be aware of it . 
  not as much about the plans that did n't go into effect . 
   honestly , it feels like you just did some frantic googling and posted the first link you found . 
  at worst you are uninformed , at best disingenuous . 
  to me it seems like you completely misunderstood my first comment and refuse to understand it as intended . 
  it 's one thing to misunderstand what someone says , but it 's just rude to refuse to accept the correction from the very person who wrote the comment , even going so far as to accuse me of being a liar and dishonest . 
  like i said , i was interested in the foreign support finland got ( or that was planned ) during winter war . 
  as a finn , it 's a pretty interesting topic to me . 
  i was aware of the anglo-french plans to help us , but not about the plans to seize swedish iron ore . and finding out about that lead me to that `` plan r 4 '' , which is the other part of the plans i was alluding to in my first comment . 
   honestly , it feels like you just did some frantic googling and posted the first link you found . 
  i do n't even know how you can explain how my comment seemed to allude to these exact plans if i was n't even aware of them before doing some `` frantic googling '' ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say , i was ( imo very clearly ) talking about the proposed occlusion that never happened . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/plan_r_4  plan r 4 was the world war ii british plan for an invasion of the neutral state of norway in april 1940 . 
  earlier , the british had planned a similar intervention with france during the winter war . 
  also , before that :  the allies devised a plan to use the soviet union 's 30 november 1939 attack on finland as a cover for seizing both the swedish ore fields in the north , and the norwegian harbours through which it was shipped to germany . 
   the plan was to get norwegian and swedish permission to send an expeditionary force to finland across s\u00e1pmi , ostensibly to help the finns . 
  once in place they were to proceed to take control of swedish harbours and mines , occupying cities such as g\u00e4vle and lule\u00e5 and shutting down german access to swedish ore , presenting norway and sweden with a fait accompli . 
  i do n't know if you were directing that `` checking the facts '' thing to me , but i have checked my facts . 
  i got interested on this topic when reading about foreign support during winter war . 
  i 'd like to think that you wanted me to check my facts without being aware of the things i quoted . 
  it would be kinda funny . 
  i 'm not sure about the position on the timeline , but surely french resistance and the government-in-exile contributed a lot too ? 
  i 've mostly seen british and americans call it russia though . 
  do russians often call ussr russia ? 
  i think they know the distinction . 
  at least they should . 
   soviet union being arguably worse than the nazis after defeating them . 
  wait , what ? 
  i think i 'm misunderstanding you , at least i 'm really hoping so . 
  russians would 've suffered a lot more if the nazis had won , i do n't think there 's any doubt about that . 
  slavs were more like vermin than people to nazis . 
  to be fair , you guys did want to ( and were going ) invade norway anyway , to get to the swedish ore . one idea was to use helping us finns in winter war as an excuse to station men in norway and sweden . 
  that 's kinda low , but i 'm sure the norwegians are willing to let that slide , considering what did eventually happen . 
  ( and considering they stationed a few men in british isles with a less than noble intentions during the middle-ages . ), 
  e : for those interested in what i 'm alluding to and to avoid further misunderstandings : [ plan r 4 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plan_r_4 ) . 
  ( `` background '' chapter for winter war part . ), 
  interesting stuff and *** it only takes seconds ( hehe ) to read the synopsis *** . 
  ( also , the part in parenthesis above is a joke about vikings . ), 
  united in diversity , this is straight up / r/yurop material . 
  i think every country has restriction on freedom of speech . 
  france just has more than some other countries ( and less than some ) . 
  poland is going in a weird direction . 
   hello , / r/europe , this is bucharest calling !, 
  have you binge watched old eurovision broadcasts ? 
   it 's literally on the eastern border of europe lol what ? 
  not even close . 
  the eastern border of europe is at ural mountains and unless we actually achieved greater finland while i was sleeping , we 're still a small heimosota away from that . 
  are you sure you 're not thinking of eu ? 
   it 's scandinavia . 
  here 's the thing ... 
  bullshit , next you 're going to tell me those trains were n't late or something outrageous like that . 
  dante clearly set the hell in a fictional universe where we finns keep winning the eurovision song contest .
