  in special cases you might be , but generally it 's just safer . 
  this comment made my blood dark red . 
  i hope you 're talking about scandinavia and not nordic countries, 
  more for us , muukalaiset do n't deserve that it anyway , you uncultured swines !, 
  i 've heard that cognac + booze is somewhat popular in germany , especially the eastern parts for obvious reasons . 
  are you calling us yanks ? 
  you take that shit back , you take it back !, 
  huh ? 
  it was n't really meant to be translated , but as a joke to other finns . 
  i could 've went with regular old english , but i thought substituting that with a somewhat hostile finnish word would be funny . 
   makes sense , sorry for assuming/stereotyping  haha , no offence taken !, 
   i remember reading that haparanda ( swedish border town , to save people the googling ) has a really healthy trade going in that stuff . 
  yeah , haaparanta/haparanda is famous ( notorious ? 
  haha ) for how much snus is bought there by finns . 
  sweden has a killer product ( haha ) there . 
  it 's pretty popular in here , but since it 's not legal to sell it here , all the profits go to sweden and shipping companies . 
  though i ca n't complain since i make a little profit on the side with it too . 
   do note that it 's the lower-income/binge drinkers who `` polish '' vodka with beer . 
  `` cultured '' drinking is straight vodka with various sides , usually sour ( pickles , marinated ` shrooms etc. ) . 
  i do n't go for hard liquor either lately . 
  is the drinking culture in ukraine similar in some cases to the drinking culture in russia , or are there big differences ? 
  i know a little about how they drink in russia and it sounds similar , at least for the cultured part . 
  and i have to say , you 're really onto something there with drinking vodka and having little snacks there . 
  i 've done it a couple of times or had the pleasure to be invited to partake in it and i think it 's fantastic . 
  usually when people drink here in finland , food is n't really involved in any way , other than some people buying kebabs , pizza etc when going home . 
  and it 's beer , cider or [ long drink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_drink ) that people mostly drink , with a shot here and there . 
  no actually , as in , it 's not sold in finland so you can make some profit by bringing it from sweden and selling it . 
  i do n't use it , so it 's perfect for that . 
   the most common vodka `` subsidy '' in xussr is beer , to the point where some considered them inseparable/waste of money if drank alone . 
  that sounds pretty funny to me . 
  i usually drink just beer , sometimes a little brandy or snaps to really get plastered . 
  it 's very rare to for me to solely drink hard liquor . 
  i do n't know man , it 's a mess is what it is . 
  huh , never noticed that . 
  i 'm quite fond of this alcohol thing and i use snuss to subsidize my drinking , so it 's what i mostly think when thinking of swedish or estonian prices . 
  you 're buying something other than alcohol and snuss ?!? 
  ( also , this is compared to the boat and to finland . ), 
  how it looks reminds me of the yucca mountain radioactive waste burial site and how they intend to warn people thousands and thousands of years from now to stay away from it . 
  especially [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/swxeiaa.jpg ) `` spike field '' . 
  ( though the purpose of the memorial is almost the opposite of the nuclear waste site . ), 
  i know it 's very much off-topic but it 's something that fascinates me . 
  it 's all a little unsettling and interesting , similarly to this memorial . 
  [ this is not a place of honor . 
  ] ( http://www.damninteresting.com/this-place-is-not-a-place-of-honor/ ) [ message to 12000 ad ] ( http://www.wipp.energy.gov/picsprog/articles/wipp%20exhibit%20message%20to%2012,000%20a_d.htm )  this place is a message ... and part of a system of messages ... pay attention to it !, 
  sending this message was important to us . 
  we considered ourselves to be a powerful culture . 
    this place is not a place of honor ... no highly esteemed deed is commemorated here ... nothing valued is here . 
    what is here is dangerous and repulsive to us . 
  this message is a warning about danger . 
    the danger is in a particular location ... it increases toward a center ... the center of danger is here ... of a particular size and shape , and below us . 
    the danger is still present , in your time , as it was in ours . 
    the danger is to the body , and it can kill . 
    the form of the danger is an emanation of energy . 
    the danger is unleashed only if you substantially disturb this place physically . 
  this place is best shunned and left uninhabited . 
  for some reason it 's the 9 into slovenian that jumps at me . 
  why slovenia ? 
  i wonder if there 's some explanation behind it other than just `` they happen to like the guy '' . 
  something like , `` oh he was featured in this and that show and has been pretty popular since then '' . 
  german , french , italian . 
  they all seem like major world languages and major countries , so it 's not that surprising . 
  but slovenia ? 
  ( no offence intended , i 'm not trying to belittle you , but you are small like us . ), 
  i 'm intrigued . 
  also , only 2 into english ? 
  wow . 
  that 's surprising . 
  somehow i assumed english would be the go-to translation , since it 's what most of europe can read and write . 
  but i guess because i read in both finnish and english i overestimated that market . 
  maybe i should return the favour ? 
  slovenians , any slovenian writers you 'd like to suggest ? 
  well the best and brightest from nordic countries did settle there , so i 'd imagine there 's a lot of american cousins who have never given up their gloomy ancestral ways . 
  i wish our countries would be more integrated and there would be more people who are half-and-half , so in time there would n't be two distinct people , just one happy family , as it used to be and as it 's meant to be . 
  we would call it festonia and there would be a festival every single day . 
  then we would burn down stockholm and st. petersburg and cry and cry of happiness . 
  we 'd be together forever , happily ever after . 
  the end . 
  and i learned from qi that both can resemble a human if you shave them . 
  ( oh god , i 'm so sorry . ), 
  the land of those moon worshippers belongs to us , so says ukko , the god of thunder !, 
  vermont , the 19th sote-area . 
  it 's like taking down a bear . 
  scary , dangerous , but if successful , so worth it . 
  good time to practise some ancient fertility rituals . 
  i mean , for the sake of tradition , of course . 
  what 's your preferred cheap lager ? 
  ( `` cheap '' , hahahahaha ), 
  it 's like eating satan 's cum and i love every bit of it . 
  you swedes know what i 'm saying , right ? 
  the price of beauty . 
  you mean vermont looks like finland . 
  we 're the og , goddammit !, 
  i 'm sweating already . 
  we 're the most content country in the world . 
  everything is just so okay in here , that everyone tries to find something wrong like their life depended on it . 
  then again , i like to pretend to muukalaisille that our winters are comparable to an ice age , summer is like winter with only occasional snow and everyone is an alcoholic on the brink of a knife murder and/or suicide . 
  now , even if that is true , it 's not like i have to tell foreigners that . 
  but i do anyway , since it 's fun . 
  everything is just so okay and hence boring in here , that it 's funnier to spread that fantasy image of finland around . 
  to shamelessly misquote the onion , we 're the country equivalent of a fucking cul-de-sac .
