  to be fair , i do n't think we should 've recognized either side at this point , but here we are . 
  ah , good . 
  i thought you were complaining . 
  which of course would be ridiculous . 
  you ca n't prevent them from making these decisions and then ridicule them for not making them . 
  ( well , you can . 
  it 's a pretty common anti-eu tactic . 
  but you should n't if you do n't want to look like a fool . ), 
  they reference this in the article . 
  hey , if daily mail is accepted here , i 'm ready to embrace vice too . 
  from their pov we 're the ungrateful bastards for not recognizing them as a thanks for holding back the migrant tide . 
   the eu are hard core neocommunists what . . ? 
  read the article . 
   contrary to popular impression , the libyan government does not turn a complete blind eye to people-smuggling . 
   its department for combating illegal immigration employs around 8,000 staff and detains large numbers of migrants for entering the country illegally , as well as working with the international organisation for migration on voluntary repatriation programmes . 
   in coastal ports , meanwhile , local officials run small coastguard patrols and assist with the collecting of bodies when migrant ships sink . 
   however , the sheer number of migrants vastly outweighs the capacity of the authorities to deal with them , even though libya spend around # 80m a year on the issue . 
  the article clearly tells you that no , they are n't already doing that . 
  though they 'd like to :  with the country still in the process of rebuilding its government after col gaddafi 's overthrow , many officials also resent deploying resources at what they see as a european problem . 
  and it was the right thing to do . 
  good riddance . 
  hope you are n't complaining . 
  it would be too rich coming from the uk . 
  i think the point is that it 's a nice photo , though i initially thought that the title was trying to say something about traffic in vilnius . 
  ~ ~ i think it 's a cool looking photo . ~ ~ no point lying . 
  i want to secure those eurovision points early . 
  karma for points . 
  we should separate them to a few correctly populated countries . 
  or just give half to france , half to netherlands and brussels can become `` union city '' , the federally controlled district of europa . 
  `` ucde '' . 
  the latter part has nothing to do with your comment , it 's just something i 've wanted to do for a long time . 
  i do n't know why , but when i see belgium i ca n't help but think `` someone ought to break that '' . 
  kinda like germans and poland . 
  those are absolutely gorgeous !, 
  it 's the same thing with every piece of news . 
  `` eu killed net neutrality '' what , no it did n't ( well , at least not in the vast majority of the member states at least ), 
  world , prepare for the rule of the mighty finns . 
  finland , all the way to the urals !, 
  kids these days ... 
  i 'm not saying they 're incompetent . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  when i say `` we '' , i mean the people who fight for net neutrality . 
  not the legislators currently deciding on things . 
  exactly because they are n't incompetent , * we * must try to cover the loopholes or the very least elect people who will . 
  it 's maybe a little naive to expect a big shift in attitudes of the next legislators , but you got ta be optimistic and keep pushing . 
  if we do n't do that , it 's never going to happen . 
  i think that 's just an embarrassing mistake on my part . 
  either way , i changed it , since the article says slovenia . 
  i 'm terribly sorry , i 'll blame my lack of sleep on this one . 
  well that 's certainly true . 
  i did n't notice his country flair before you mentioned it . 
  torrentfreak actually mentioned ~ ~ slovakia ~ ~ slovenia ( sorry ) and the netherlands as examples ( or only cases , i 'm not sure ) of where this law is doing damage to pre-existing good net neutrality laws . 
  for vast majority , this is a step forward . 
  for you guys , this fucking sucks . 
  you 've voted `` right '' , but you still get shafted . 
  let 's hope we can cover these loopholes . 
  rationality leads to sharia, 
  for example . 
  i 'm sure there are people and parties outside of pirates pushing these things , but i feel like they 're more prone to making concessions like the one we saw here today . 
  that 's really unfortunate . 
  especially when things like this are used to bolster the no-side . 
  there are valid reasons for wanting to get out , but this is n't really one of them . 
  nothing out of the ordinary , then . 
  at least you guys and few other countries have a reason to riot , since this is weakening your existing laws . 
  did uk have a net neutrality law before this and one that was stricter than the one voted on today ? 
  for vast majority , at least . 
  few countries had a strict net neutrality law before this , or one at all . 
  so it 's definitely progress for most . 
  now comes the fight to close those loopholes . 
  remember to vote . 
  remember to vote for pro-net neutrality folks in next governmental elections , folks . 
  this seemed like a competent bill . 
  for vast majority of eu counties , this is an improvement . 
  they did n't make a perfect bill and that sucks , agreed , but i 'm not willing to give up hope . 
  those loopholes can be closed and i hope they will be , in the near future . 
  but i would n't call them incompetent for not achieving perfection . 
  remember to vote , folks . 
  both in your governmental elections ( which is the issue in this case ) and in the eu elections . 
  yes ? 
  i voted and definitely thought that . 
  she unfortunately did n't get through this time . 
  last time the person i voted for got through and i was pretty happy with that . 
  funny enough , ttip is * very * rarely mentioned amongst americans . 
  it 's all about the tpp . 
  you know you 've fucked up when the us is more progressive than you . 
  that 's one thing even i , as a generally pro-eu person can agree on . 
  those few countries with an actually great net neutrality law got shafted here . 
  though this is still a leap forward for most , i 'd say . 
  i do n't know if this is something to actually get angry about . 
  maybe disappointed that they did n't cover those loopholes , but it does n't really seem like they made things worse for the large majority of countries with even worse or no net neutrality laws . 
  i 'd say at least the intention was good with that one , even though it 's a minor annoyance . 
  the intention was good with this law too , they just did n't go the whole way and seal up those loopholes . 
  so proud / r/yurop, 
  they should 've asked for the donation first , suckers !, 
  well , at least it seems to be working then . 
  i 've been played like a fiddle . 
  i was talking about the `` hot air '' part . 
  i very much think the current refugee/migrant crisis being equal to what could 've been if ottoman empire managed to conquer vienna is a bunch of silly nonsense . 
  but i think this conversation has gone way past the point of being fruitful to either party , so i think it 's just better to end it here . 
  i think that 's another thing we can actually agree on .
