  people will get scared and want to join nato if you keep that up . 
  and i do n't want to join fucking nato . 
  so cut it out putin . 
  it 's just plain stupid to think that people who did n't vote like you wished them to were `` tricked '' . 
  slightly . 
  some of those were pretty cute ( in the before pictures , at least ) . 
  very gruesome stuff though . 
  would n't recommend to those eating or faint of heart . 
  yeah , but pretty much every major power tried to annex lands and to silence the critics pretty recently . 
  the british annexed them to their empire fairly recently . 
  france tried to make algeria an integral part of france . 
  ww2 germany , even finland and many other nations . 
  it 's not uncommon in europe ( and the rest of the world ) . 
  russia has had the mis/fortune to be dealing with lands actually right next to their own lands . 
  and their the only one who still does this , at least in europe . 
  but looking at it historically , it 's not a russian thing to try to do this . 
  everyone has done it or at least tried to do it . 
  why are you stopping at napoleonic wars ? 
  i meant , * at some point in time * , every country/nation tried to annex their neighbors and silence the critics . 
  finland . 
  once again , * almost * alone in europe . 
  is gambling an export ? 
  which is n't that uncommon , actually . 
  too bad there is n't any potassium . 
  traditional everywhere , really . 
  nearly every country tried to pull that shit not long ago . 
  it 's just that , rest of europe has pretty much stopped doing that for a moment and russians did n't get the memo . 
  get on my level , norway . 
  i love it . 
  it 's a silly way for all of europe to be together . 
  but then you would be sitting in silence , masturbating . 
  i prefer to hear their song , to break the silence at least ... 
  that 's not what the day was about , really . 
  but then again , any excuse ... 
  yeah , because there 's totally an anti-uk circlejerk and you 're a victim here . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  please do n't act like americans act in most subreddits . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  ca n't a fella make fun of our beautiful capital in peace ? 
  if the shit hit the fan , we possibly would be in danger . 
  but i do n't think it 's realistic to assume that neither nato or russia would want to allocate resources to invade us , when they are so needed elsewhere . 
  sure both parties would try to pressure us , especially if the conflict was arctic , but it would n't be a certainty that we would have to take any part besides defending our borders from any aggressive party . 
  by being in the nato , we would guarantee having to face in imminent attack and bombings . 
  our safest option would be to be really outspoken about our neutrality , that there was no doubt on either side that we would side with the enemy . 
  but that 's all just guessing . 
  joining would have a very real and instantaneous effect of making our relationship with russia a really , really cold one , if not a hostile one . 
  by joining nato , we would lower the chance of an attack , but would raise the chance of us being part of a wider conflict . 
  and since i do n't believe there is any real threat of an attack in the near future , i do n't see the benefit of joining . 
  we would be better defended from a very unlikely one-on-one conflict but we would cause very real harm to our relations . 
  and after putin . 
  what if the next guy is a radical nationalist ? 
  i can see this going two ways : 1 . 
  he escalates things with nato , which russians already ( well , rightfully so ) see as a enemy/rival of russia . 
  they act hostile towards the us and their nato allies in europe . 
  they start to make serious claims towards finland . 
  i find it unlikely that this would happen outside of fringe party rhetorics . 
  it 's a possibility . 
  and if this was to happen , i think we should seek alliance with nato . 
  ( if eu forces are n't up to the task by then . ), 
  but seeking an alliance would certainly escalate the situation . 
  most likely the next strongman of russia wo n't be an extremist though . 
  so maintaining good relations with current administration would show to the next guy that we seek no trouble with russia , and most likely our good relationship would continue . 
  true , if the next strongman was an extremist seeking to annex finland , no matter the cost , we would be better off joining now , but i think that 's very unlikely . 
  so should we safeguard ourselves from an unlikely attack ( and ruin our current relationship ) or should we try to maintain our warm relations , that have a very real effect now and in the future ? 
  i think our best safeguard for the future is to maintain good relations with our neighbor while maintaining a large standing army , in case the bear had any ideas . 
  i like to look at that helsinki one and see just how little has changed . 
  but a big problem is , what if nato and russia got themselves in a conflict ? 
  ( non-nuclear , because otherwise we would all be fucked anyway . ), 
  why would we take part in the conflict ? 
  by being a member in nato we would be in serious risk too . 
  and joining nato would make our relationship with russia a difficult one . 
  i do n't want that . 
  it 's wise to be on good terms with your neighbours , especially with a neighbour such as russia . 
  it 's not misdeeds , but it 's something we have no part in . 
  us is involved in so many things around the world ( and not all of it very clear on motives ) that teaming up with them would get us involved too . 
  and that 's something i wish not to happen . 
  the justification and reasoning behind the invasion . 
  it 's a very complicated issue , that 's what is questionable about it . 
  and whether it was enough of a reason to drag other nato members into the invasion , that 's questionable too . 
  there was a lot of talk about whether or not the invasion of afghanistan was justified ( and whether or not it was chapter 5 stuff ) and even more so when it came to invasion of iraq . 
  ( afghanistan was pretty justified , iraq , not so much . ), 
  i do n't think that 's what he was saying . 
  i think what he meant was that if shit hit the fan , would the muscle behind the nato ( us ) * really * to help estonia , escalating the situation through involvement . 
  he was n't accusing the us of starting the possible ww3 . 
  he was questioning whether the us would escalate the situation through involvement . 
  i do n't see any us blaming in that . 
  of course the blame would fall onto the attacker . 
  according to polls , even a straight up military alliance would be okay to majority of finns . 
  and i can understand why . 
  two nonaligned states teaming up . 
  and talk about the history ... 
  in a way yes , in a way no . 
  it does n't have any binding defence agreements and the sort ( afaik ) , but it leans heavily towards the us . 
  it 's also questionable whether finland is truly neutral either , since we belong to the eu and iirc talks about mutual defence . 
  ( even though vaguely ? ), 
  better term would be `` militarily nonaligned '' or something like that . 
  why do you think we stayed out of military alliances ? 
  our purpose for long has been to stay neutral , so not be dragged into conflicts that are questionable and/or do n't include us in any way . 
  and we have purposefully build our defence so , that we do n't need to fight in someone else 's wars to feel safe later . 
  oh , certainly we have more to gain from you than you have to gain from us .
