  western media and reddit both are extremely anti-russian . 
  there 's surprisingly few people even calling out people for being such a hypocrites . 
  it 's ridiculous how we act like we 're the more informed side while not being any better than them with our blatant propaganda . 
  i think you know what `` anti-russian '' means in this context very well . 
  and i could , but when someone is that delusional , it 's hard to stay calm . 
  would n't you be angry `` if '' russia said that ukraine is the aggressor and the separatists are the victims ? 
  of course you would . 
  you 're delusional with this `` putinbot '' shit and i hope you come to realize that soon . 
  and i 'm not only angry towards you , but this whole sub . 
  this place is a disgrace . 
  there should be a / r/europewithoutpolitics . 
  maybe that would be less of an embarrassment . 
  pretty much in the post i replied to . 
  `` putinbots '' and such . 
  `` half the comments are putinbots '' etc. 
  it 's embarrassing thing to say when the western media and reddit is overwhelmingly anti-russian . 
  if there has been a big surge of pro-russia comments , they have n't been very visible then . 
  it 's all anti-russian stuff i 've seen . 
  / r/europe is basically / r/haterussia by now . 
  and it 's extremely embarrassing . 
  we are fighting a propaganda war with propaganda , but we are acting like we 're the informed side . 
  please do n't ask me to calm down when asking for a little objectivity and self-awereness seems to be too much . 
  when you want to represent a nation , what is a better way than to pick their head of state to represent them . 
  it 's pretty common and i 'm surprised someone does n't get it by now . 
  pro-russian sentiments are forbidden in here . 
  no matter how interesting seeing those for a change would be . 
  this place is a joke . 
  the western media and reddit are both overwhelmingly anti-russian . 
  there 's no doubt about that . 
  stop acting like the victim . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  what are your views on the us ? 
  yeah , and how do we know he is a rebel in the first place ? 
  or that he actually was there ? 
  or that someone was actually even interviewed ? 
  ( yeah , full tin foil hat mode is on . ), 
  i 'm sorry for wanting concrete proof instead of dubious interviews and speculation . 
  but there 's just too much propaganda from both sides to believe anything that 's said that leaves room for doubt . 
  i think it 's ridiculous that we make fun of pro-russia folk for eating up rt 's and similar agencies ' stuff ( `` they 're all fascists , cia shot down the plane etc ) , but we take some sketchy interview as gospel because it 's in line with our views . 
  if we want to be the more informed side , we have to question this kind of stuff . 
  or we 're no better than people who we make fun of . 
  you have to admit that this article does n't seem very reliable . 
  well , how reliable is this testimony from basically `` some dude '' ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i think what happened is pretty much what he said , but this all sounds very unreliable . 
  if we got a similar piece of news ( some guy possibly saying something like this ) from ( pro- ) russian news site , no one in here would be believing it . 
  but now it 's taken as absolute truth , since it happens to say what we believe is the truth . 
  this does n't sound reliable at all ... 
  the source is some dude and the article is basically just `` some dude `` confirms '' everything we think has happened . '', 
  even though things are likely to have happened just how he says , the source seems very unreliable . 
  keep your filthy scandinavian hands off me !, 
  i know . 
  what i do n't get why i wrote a serious reply to your comment . 
  maybe i just wanted to give my two cents . 
  i love eu for little things like this . 
  it honestly seems like eu is looking out for the little guy at times . 
  mobile data ( and sms and call ) price cap , all the consumer protection things etc. 
  it 's good to be a consumer in eu . 
  you think people who own properties are the ones to take up arms ? 
  surely not . 
  here in finland russians have been bring buying a lot of land and summer cabins near our eastern border . 
  but it 's ridiculous to think those people would take up arms . 
  it 's not some middle class dude wanting to spend a nice holiday that 's going to cause problems . 
  it 's a number of immigrants or big ethnic minority of russians that are n't doing so well and/or feel oppressed . 
  warsaw is just fucking mean with that cop car look . 
  ( specifically the top thing . ), 
  before putin , the oligarchs pretty much had all the power . 
  they 're still very influential , but less so than before . 
  that 's actually one of the reasons some russians love putin . 
  he ( according to their propaganda ) put stop to oligarch rule . 
  it 's propaganda , but there 's a grain of truth in it . 
  have you forgot that putin was the one to fight against the oligarchs ? 
  ( well , the ones not bending to his will , at least . ), 
  `` people opposing putin are opposing his actions . '', 
  fucking breaking news . 
  for nato , the excuse is that ukraine is n't in it . 
  for eu , you do n't accept the same excuse . 
  relatively safe . 
  everyone knows santa claus is from korvatunturi , finland . 
  yeah , and the us is going to be the sole superpower forever for sure ... 
   in the us , soccer has almost no fan base , and therefore , almost no players from what i 've read , soccer is a pretty popular sport for kids . 
  i mean , you even have the term `` soccer mom '' . 
   i personally hope they do n't stop with weed but carry on to all the drugs below alcohol on the harm/dependency scale . 
  that would n't leave many illegal . 
  it indeed is . 
  but like i tried to explain , i think it was n't the banter that caused the `` hate '' , but the direction it was coming from and the sudden nature of it . 
  the english , argentinians , germans etc are probably very used to this banter and especially having banter with these other usually very football enthuastic countries . 
  now suddenly there was a huge influx of americans trying their hand at football banter . 
  and because there was so much banter suddenly coming from this unusual direction , some probably took it as arrogance , rather than banter . 
  and it does n't help that some americans got really arrogant about it . 
  not even in a playful manner . 
  one cause for the `` hate '' might 've also been that because there are so many americans on this site that the `` america !, 
  america ! '', 
  shouting and banter from them became very overwhelming and caused other fans to `` hate '' the us team simply because it was so popular . 
  ( and reddit must 've felt like a `` hostile '' place because of it , causing some to take an unusually hostile attitude towards the us team . ), 
  and then there 's always the newcomer hate . 
  `` the new kid is trying to get in on * our * game . 
  i think i might 've gone in too deep . 
  i 'm wasting too much time thinking about ( perceived ) us football team hate . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** it was n't the banter itself , but the direction which it was coming from and the sheer amount of it . 
  [ here you go .
