  i do n't think there 's a simple answer for it . 
  i do n't have anything against eu having the means to defend itself , but having our troops take part in foreign conflicts is what i 'm against . 
  what , here , in bruges ? 
  and what is the shit we want done ? 
  community of nations , centered around trade and wealth seems to be what most people want out of eu . 
  and that 's pretty much what i want . 
  there 's nato for those that feel that this is n't enough . 
  thanks , that 's productive . 
   and what exactly is the us like ? 
  pretty much how you described it . 
  but the thing is , i do n't want eu to become like us , china or russia . 
  i 'm happy if we take care of our own , but let the other parts of the world do their own thing . 
  let china and the us fight for the position of world police . 
   politically and democratically speaking currently that is the case and it 's likely to continue so . 
  i know and i 'm very glad the situation is what it is . 
   europe has always had enough gutless people who would let the world burn around them if they can avoid discomfort . 
  has n't it been the opposite before ? 
  european nations used to have their prongs in everything , everywhere . 
  after the two world wars , europe 's power diminished and the us took europe 's place . 
   no wonder the americans and russians and to some extent the brits all eye continental europe with amusement and disdain . 
  well , let them . 
  why should we care ? 
  a * properly heated * sauna . 
  i have no stamina for that kind of things . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  ( a * properly heated * sauna is actually a horrible place to have sex . ), 
  and if we did n't want to project so much and tried to do even somewhat accurate map , they would be calling us baby stealers or something . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  i was replying to him saying the eu has no balls . 
  i would rather see eu without balls if having balls meant being like the us . 
  i was n't commenting about this particular ( possible ) show of force . 
  but does anyone want eu to turn into usa - style power , which uses force and bully techniques to get what it wants ? 
  i 'm very happy with soft power , thank you very much . 
  ( not talking about this particular situation . ), 
  the problem with these sanctions is that they hurts some members more than others . 
  and for members like finland it 's important to have good relations with russia . 
  and not only for economic reasons . 
  `` share with friends on un '', 
  there 's always money . 
  and besides . 
  has montenegro done any big investments ? 
  people will trade what they have . 
  so it seems . 
  i mean , they have no currency of their own ? 
  well you better ask then !, 
  frankfurt is gon na be * pissed * if you guys just unilaterally adopt it like montenegro and kosovo have done !, 
   asap zulu honolulu excuse me ? 
  could you please explain this part . 
  i get the `` asap '' part , but the rest ... as soon as possible zh ? 
  if there 's any ukraine left by then ... 
  this really reminds me of how nazi-germany and soviet union shared poland . 
  eu and russia are dividing ukraine . 
  `` you take that part , i 'll take this . 
  then , peace for our time , friends forever and so on . 
  right buddy ? '', 
  `` sure , sure ... '' ( not trying to say anything else than both sides seem to be trying to grab ukraine . ), 
  what are frankfurt 's ( ecb ) thoughts on the matter ? 
  you are right . 
  wanting to join means that they have will to transform into a state that will be accepted . 
  into a state that represents the `` european values '' that eu holds dear . 
  and in my mind , a country striving to become better is something i can support . 
  you 'd had your answer , but to add ... 
  yes . 
  they indeed had their glory days . 
  soviet union was n't all bad . 
  sure , it sucked a high hard one , especially towards the end , but it * did * have moments where things were pretty good . 
  we too are a sponge . 
  but a different kind of . 
  we are the kind of sponge that soaks up all the booze from estonia . 
  i love you guys . 
   golden john street hehe . 
  `` this is n't as cool as we thought . 
  you can have it back , i do n't want it after all . '', 
  welcome !, 
  as soon as we accept estonia . 
  that 's the nationalism talking . 
  there 's no i in eu . 
  it 's * our * money . 
  and we will get our money . 
  you 'll see . 
  how * dare * they !, 
  it 's * europe 's * money . 
  we will take what is rightfully ours , by force if necessary . 
  so , better act nice and we get cheap gas and oil . 
  a fairly sweet deal if you ask me . 
  they 're basically bribing us to stay away from nato . 
  iirc , even though that sounds bad , it 's actually a fairly small portion of our total energy usage . 
  and russia ( at least ) used to sell it for a fairly good price . 
  towards other women , that is . 
  `` stop talking to them . '', 
  the much feared silent treatment . 
  a punishment so cruel , even the us banned it as `` cruel and unusual '' . 
  no need for brussels to get involved in flemish politics . 
   one night an entire family of varying ages and genders ranted about how the neighboring village should be bombed for having too many immigrants maybe they disliked immigrants because `` theytookourjooobs '' and not because of their race . 
  i know people like this . 
  just playing the devil 's advocate here . 
  probably wahlroos using up all that saved money . 
  i feel like neonazis do n't understand themselves . 
  if they wished to keep the former government in control , yes . 
  but there 's only so much you can do .
