  i do n't know which one is worse . 
  i do n't think telling a hypocrite that they 're a hypocrite has ever worked . 
  even better if it 's an another hypocrite saying it . 
  that 's pretty much my take on us-russia ( / ussr ) relations . 
  it would be funny if it was n't pretty scary and depressing . 
  though i admit it , the criticism can be perfectly valid even if it 's said by a hypocrite . 
  they * were * `` hanging negroes '' in the us and ussr * was * ( and russia is ) illegally attacking a sovereign country . 
  this sub is like 50 % fearmongering . 
  the rest is pretty pictures and banter , both of which i thoroughly enjoy . 
  well ... would n't everyone rather take the fallout ? 
  when i got this assignment i hoped there would be more drinking . 
  `` what if ... gordon freeman was a blue hedgehog ? 
  right , okay . 
  hmm ... what ... what if gordon was a gecko ? 
  that 'd work ? 
  ah , in the 80 's , right . 
  well fuck , you got anything putin ? '', 
  russophobia is pretty rampant here in finland , but it 's not really a threat to russians here or russia itself . 
  it 's not pretty , but it 's not a threat . 
  and about nato weakening our security . 
  actually , a lot of people agree . 
  most finns , actually . 
  ( according to the last poll on the subject i saw . ), 
  and it does make sense when you think about it . 
  as of now , finland does n't have anything to worry about . 
  the threat of war is n't there and the relations between finland and russia are okay . 
  could be better , but could be a lot worse given the whole situation . 
  and they 're expected to get better once the sanctions on both sides are lifted and we get to do some proper business again . 
  that 's all we really want after all , for everything to be calm and the business booming . 
  nato would change things . 
  we 're not completely neutral as of it , but with nato , we would be on the completely opposite side . 
  so , tensions would naturally be higher . 
  and bringing nato in here would of course provoke a response from them . 
  ( and i know , `` nato is for defence , not their enemy '' . 
  yeah . 
  but they really do n't see it that way . 
  wish they did , but they do n't . ), 
  as of now , we are n't a major concern for them . 
  strong enough to not bother with invading but weak enough not to be a threat . 
  with nato behind us , we would have the muscle to be threatening ( from their pov ) and require a proper force to rattle sabers with . 
  i just wish russia would cut the bullshit so we could be cool and do some business . 
  ca n't they see that the shit they 're saying is pushing is right in the direction they do n't want us to go ? 
  goddamn russia , you do n't want us joining nato , we do n't want to join nato , do n't make us change our minds . 
  like the swiss would say , let 's be chill and make some motherfucking money . 
  well , i mean , there 's reasons , but it 's still pretty bad . 
  `` ryss\u00e4 '' this and `` ryss\u00e4 '' that . 
  i did n't notice it as much before , but after i became friends with this russian kid ... oh man , it 's bad . 
  ca n't go anywhere without going either `` cut that shit it out '' or `` oh god i 'm so sorry '' . 
  some of is n't very mean spirited , just that , you know , casual racism . 
  but some of the stuff is pretty vile . 
  i do n't know what it is , but a lot of the time reddit seems really dense . 
  like , i doubt the average user here is any dumber than the average man on the street , so there must be something other going on . 
  i thought it was mostly the us that was scared of china . 
  i mean , it 's not our sphere of influence that 's threatened . 
  haha , you fool !, 
  now everyone knows your username !, 
  and that 's bad in itself ? 
  the german model of co-operation sounds fantastic . 
  too old . 
  we 're joining together , not the us . 
  are n't most of them native ukrainians though ? 
  i thought the problem was n't that they were n't actual separatists but that that were acting and funded as a russian puppet . 
  sounds like that could be the case with this poll too . 
  and it would probably be the same with all of europe . 
  `` yes , we have some lands that ` belong ' to us . 
  no , i do n't think we should try to conquer them . '', 
  and while most people know that , there 's a lot of people who really want karelia back . 
  no thanks , i say . 
  too late for that . 
  i 'm not paying for it just because it used to be ours . 
  this is how european or even human history could be summed up . 
  `` you have this land ? 
  i want this land . '', 
  good news for the british , they get the us back since it 's not a `` real '' country . 
  belgium , you might want to sit down ... 
  same drugs that most of europe . 
  i guarantee you that there is n't a single country in europe that does n't long for some land that in some more or less arbitrary way `` belongs '' to them . 
  just look at the top comment . 
  it 's a finn who i presume honestly believes that russia has land that `` belongs '' to us . 
  and it 's a pretty common sentiment . 
  and the justification often is that it used to be ours and finns used to live there . 
  which means diddly squat today . 
  we lost it in a war . 
  the russians have it , it 's populated by russians . 
  people in karelia do n't want us there , the finnish government does n't want us there . 
  it 's over . 
  done . 
  longing for land that `` belongs '' to you has lead to some bad shit , but people do n't recognize it unless it 's the `` bad guys '' doing it . 
  and if there really was such a thing as an entitlement to a land you once owned , we finns should pack our shit and start enjoying living in ural river 's bend . 
  how i wish this longing for `` lost lands '' was just a thing of the past . 
  belonged . 
  we lost them . 
  now those parts are theirs . 
  the attitude that they `` belong '' to us or them leads to fucked up stuff . 
  they 're stupid yes , but what you failed to notice that they 're ( at least on my part ) stupid jokes . 
  lucky for you , i just watched the episode . 
  you dick . 
   and hence not that useful i do n't know , i think it 's great at showing who are dirty , dirty liars . 
  hey now , there 's enough corruption for everyone !, 
   they are coming from turkey the turks are at it again !,
