  people are voicing their dislike of the referendum by not voting at all and making the referendum possibly null . 
  of course there 's still a sizeable portion who do n't just care . 
  but the number is definitely boosted by people who would 've voted yes but abstained from voting to make a statement . 
  well putin does n't like unified europe . 
  many far-right parties do n't like eu . 
  they 're convenient bedfellows . 
  divide and conquer and so on . 
  well is n't that fantastic . 
  someone is still salty about u20 ... 
  unfortunately they did n't have olympic hockey before 1809 when finland was conquered from sweden by russia . 
  i feel like you 're missing the whole point of `` combined team '' here ... 
  and that word would be `` finswe too op , pls nerf '' rule the world i tell ya !, 
  but just imagine our combined hockey team . 
  we would rule the world !, 
  west finland , all the way to the scandes !, 
  sauna patrols on the streets , systembolaget a no-go zone . 
  sweden is just one step away from turning to ruotsi , ylist\u00e4k\u00e4\u00e4 sel\u00e4nnett\u00e4 !, 
  the `` issue '' is not them fucking enough , it 's them switching over to swedish as their mother tongue . 
  though swedish finns that have kept finnish making more kids would help to keep the numbers up . 
  that 's quite a leap to make . 
  we 're talking about 2 % here . 
  secular state and freedom of religion actually go hand in hand . 
   that 's why rkp is very pro-multikulti that has a bit of a conspiracy stink to it . 
  i just assumed they were for multiculturalism , being a liberal/progressive party and that 's how they often roll . 
  maybe he 's sad that finns are integrating in sweden and starting to speak swedish at home . 
   every swedish flag seems intent on defending this by countersignaling people taking issue with it . 
  it just might be that swedes are a little closer to this issue and are better informed about it than people who get their news from reddit . 
  and is it really `` countersignaling '' when most seem to be explaining misconceptions people got from just reading the headline ? 
  `` how can arabic be a native language of sweden ?!? '', 
  `` it actually means the native language of the immigrants , the language they speak at home . '', 
  `` damn multi-cult shills !!! '', 
  it 's basically a meme right now . 
  i 'm already collecting weapons now for the inevitable muslim conquest of sweden that has been scheduled for next week or so . 
  order your suomi-kp from varuateleka now , before it 's too late !, 
  the dream of us conquering sweden has failed . 
  we were so close too with that 2 % . 
  if i 've learned anything from here , that 's just one small step from overthrowing the natives and setting up a state resembling our values instead of theirs . 
  though our values are an almost carbon copy of theirs , haha . 
  it seems like a huge deal if you get all your news from reddit . 
  makes the issue way bigger . 
  i have this nifty news app from our national broadcaster yle , which lets you pick categories and whatnot . 
  i put `` environment '' as one category to follow , since i 'm pretty interested in it . 
  it was filled with awful news about the environment and you 'd easily get the picture that finnish environment was going to shit * real * fast and we had like two years before it was all asphalt and acid rain . 
  but the reality is that our environment is in pretty good shape and though there is issues , it 's not going to shit quite as fast . 
  it 's just that `` everything is mostly fine '' is n't interesting news , so all i saw was the bad news . 
  well i 'd say it 's a good thing the finns that moved there in the 70 's have started to use swedish as their mother tongue . 
  each to his own . 
  it 's not so much that any single detail was unbelievable ( though exaggerated for sure ) , but more about all of those things happening on a single cruise which makes it rather hard to believe . 
  i place orders through an estonian friend of mine who then forwards them to someone who brings the booze over with a van . 
  from what i 've heard , there 's quite a few estonian labourers who make a little extra by doing this . 
  got ta love that estonian entrepreneur spirit . 
  it was just too tempting not to make that joke , haha . 
  haha , if only i could . 
  i know this estonian entrepreneur fella through an estonian friend of mine and i place the orders through him . 
  he 's sorta my `` middle man '' in this high stake world of cheapish beer , hah . 
  it 's not inappropriate to be disgruntled about that . 
  and it does occasionally happen , there is a dirty toilet here and there . 
  most of the time ( ie . 
  not on a student cruise , haha ) they 're fairly clean . 
  or at least as clean as i 'd expect any public toilet to be . 
  and much cleaner than many bars ' toilets i 've seen . 
  so i really do n't think it 's a major issue . 
  but no , it 's not inappropriate to be disgruntled about that . 
  haha , it 's the best i can get with relative ease . 
  i know it does n't probably compare to many other places in europe , but you have to make do with what you get . 
  and knowing how much beer i go through every year , every single trip there is so worth it . 
  ( not to mention i like to tour around the city and go to museums and whatnot , to compensate a little for our bad booze tourist reputation , haha . ), 
  though since i can these days get 24-pack of 5,3 % beer delivered to my home door for 15 $ , i 'm really tempted to save those cruises for pleasure only . 
  though 50 % price hike for home delivery is still a little steep , it 's still much , much cheaper than going to a finnish store yourself . 
  i 'd say it would requite the efforts of both of our great nations to achieve that level of wacky characters and zany antics . 
  no doubt we * could * do it , but what are the odds of all of those strange encounters happening in a single cruise ? 
  over dozen or so cruises , you 'd probably meet most of these people . 
  but a single 2,5 h cruise ? 
  it 's just not very likely . 
  maybe this american should take the underwater tunnel next time he decides to grace our lands with his presence . 
  ( but seriously , that tunnel would be the tits and i ca n't wait for it . 
  that 's a real hype train for me . 
  helsinki and tallinn would become even more the twin cities they 're bound to be ! ), 
  9,99 $ for 24-pack of 5,3 % beer ? 
  yeah , i wonder why booze tourism is so popular , when it costs upwards of 21 $ for 24-pack of 4,7 % beer in finnish stores , hmmmm ... 
  i get that people can be a bit annoyed by the bad side effect of booze tourism , but honestly , with that kinds of saving , surely they get why it happens . 
  to me it was positively weird . 
  like , there was this relaxed atmosphere , since i think people know that they 're around strangers they might never meet , so they can be more liberal . 
  that 's why karaoke is a thing there . 
  i 'd never sing karaoke at my local places , but there ? 
  why not . 
  it can be a lot of fun . 
  not probably `` weird '' , but there seemed to be a lot of gay guys there when we last went . 
  could have something to do with the relaxed atmosphere . 
  could also be that we booked a cruise on some special occasion . 
  it would certainly explain the distinct lack of women , now that i think about it ... 
  if you 're expecting to have fun drinking and partying ( assuming it 's an overnight cruise ) , you 're probably going to have fun . 
  if you 're going in like this guy , knowing nothing about what happens on ferries and being miserable , it 's obviously going to suck . 
  absolutely . 
  we had a guy like this with us one time . 
  ( we needed one extra guy and someone suggested him . 
  he 's not allowed to suggest anything ever again . ), 
  he was miserable prick all the way through . 
  he thought the food was n't good enough , the drinks at the buffet were n't nice enough ( wtf ) , he did n't like the fact that there were drunk people from all around finland there , he did n't like dancing , karaoke or basically any kind of partying other than sitting in the cabin , drinking beer there and playing cards . 
  also complaining about other people on the cruise .
