  it 's more likely that more people turn to extremism , amongst native populations and the immigrants , one side fueling the another , but it 's not very likely that `` ordinary people '' will be the ones taking part in this . 
  yeah , it 's fucking scary . 
  a bunch of neo-nazis roaming the streets , with most of their leaders having been prosecuted for violent behavior . 
  and they try to excuse this as `` well , some politicians have been caught drunk driving '' , as if it 's the same thing at all . 
  well , politicians are n't roaming the streets and trying to act like the police . 
  police with a violent history would be a fucking problem . 
  and i 'm sure if asylum seekers with criminal/violent history were roaming the streets in gangs , they would n't be too happy about that either . 
  not a nice bunch and understandably a lot of people are against them . 
  using that logic , you can excuse a lot of horrible shit . 
   but if everyone is doing it that seems like pretty unlikely , no matter how bad things get . 
  let 's be real , regular people seldom want any part in violence . 
  it 's more likely that people from both extremes will be more likely to commit violence , but ordinary people will still be trying to avoid all that . 
  it 's not realistic to assume that ordinary people , not those already close to extreme , would go out and start attacking people . 
  for now only a few extremists have done that . 
  well these people will have to fights against the police and the military too , since only a failed state would allow a civil war happen inside their country without trying to put it down . 
   what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  if i 'm against racially motivated beatings i 'm some sort of champagne socialist ? 
  #  yes . 
  jesus christ , get a grip . 
  stop drinhahahaha i ca n't even say it, 
  swamp germany will once again be inside german borders , when dortmund becomes a seaport . 
  i hear it 's called high cheeson over there . 
   howdoyougetridofmice sounds a little genocidal ... 
  i think it would be pretty funny if the dutch had spray-on weed . 
  i 've already started selling bathtub cheese . 
  i melt english cheese in a bathtub , shape it into tires , put them in my car and drive over the border . 
  even the dogs are fooled , they do n't smell a thing !, 
  unless it 's counterfeiting extra-virgin olive oil . 
  that 's all on you guys . 
  for shame , italy . 
  for shame . 
  i knew i should 've bought all that italian garbage fire seasoned cheese . 
  i could 've made a killing with it on russian black market !, 
   buy stocks in dutch diary !, 
  i 'll just hide them in my attic for a rainy day . 
  invest in the thieves , got it . 
  i think it was a joke about racism . 
   not the cheese noooooo killing me wo n't bring back your goddamn curry, 
  well that 's certainly better than thinking our problems are actually catastrophes . 
  i swear , some people get all their news from reddit headlines . 
  now we laugh at americans and poles , if they 're being serious . 
  if it 's a joke , then we laugh at that . 
  it 's not like laughing at americans and poles is something new though , so it 's business as usual . 
  hellenistic union . 
  i 've seen americans claim something similar on reddit , that either europe as a whole or certain countries have been `` overrun by muslims '' . 
  but i doubt that many people believe delirious shit like that . 
  i addressed this in my comment . 
  though the same issues come with articles and it 's the same gamble , i think you have more to go on and `` the odds are better '' . 
  the sub is mostly about current issues and most of us are close to what 's being talked about , so we have something going for us . 
  so it 's expected that we 're more informed about those things than people just browsing cat pictures might be . 
  but when a big chunk of people are reading just the headlines , it 's far from ideal . 
  we might not be the most poorly informed bunch here , but there 's certainly room for improvement . 
  i doubt things are going to change , it 's kind of the nature of places like reddit to act as a `` quick fix '' for news and more as a commenting platform , but one can always hope . 
  i 'd personally say that the comments are a pretty poor source of information . 
  the comments are usually politically motivated or tinted towards certain viewpoint . 
  agreeable comments are often more popular than factual ones . 
  for example , people agree on that putting saudi arabia on the head of an un commission on human rights was a bad idea , but that 's not actually what happened . 
  we agree on what the comment said , even when it 's not the truth . 
  when it comes to comments and the information they convey , it 's a gamble . 
  often the comments have no sources backing them , are n't based on anything more than a gut feeling or a poorly worded/misleading title , convey a completely different message or information that the article did and so on . 
  it 's similar to asking your friends about the news , instead of watching them yourself . 
  the information might be correct , but how can you tell ? 
  and there 's a possibility that the information has been altered , knowingly or unknowingly , to represent the sentiment of the commenter . 
  i know some of the same issues come with articles . 
  how do i know this is the truth , how do i know this message has n't been altered from the truth and so on . 
  but i 'd say the risk is smaller with known and respected news agencies , than with commenters of unknown background and knowledge level . 
  the comments can be a good source of information and insight , but relying on them too much is a gamble . 
  reading the article often gives you some tools to dissect the information presented in the comments and a way to know which points to value and which to disregard . 
  sorry for the long comment , but i wanted to air my sentiment on the issue . 
  people should at least read the article if they 're going to comment . 
  i 'm not saying you have to read every single article , like you said , there 's too much information . 
  but reading the article before commenting would cut down on the amount of misinformation amongst the comments and those reading them . 
  and imo that should n't be too much to ask , but seeing how often the comments are clearly just based on the title and miss important facts brought up in the article ( in this case , the very beginning of the article ) , it seems like it unfortunately is too much to ask . 
   i 'm your average / r/europe subscriber . 
  it 's kinda sad if it 's the norm here to be poorly informed . 
  then again , sounds about right . 
  probably a friend of his on this road trip . 
  makes more sense than two people suddenly deciding not to use lights independently , since it 's illegal and they 're automatically on in most newer cars , so you 'd have to turn them off for some reason . 
  you 're right . 
  for some reason i thought it was juha who said it . 
  spruce sprig , i think . 
  i think the phrase could be translated as '' ( give me ) spruce sprigs , perkele '' . 
  it was said by a famous skier juha mieto . 
  spruce sprigs were used to get the ski wax off of the skis during the race . 
  it 's a sort of legendary saying in finland . 
  i know i 've mentioned in this thread before , but still not enough to ski !, 
  this is bullshit , give us the snow we deserve , you fickle gods !, 
  i did n't beat the witch drum for this shit !, 
  you 're just our canadian cousins , who migrated west and then a little south to be close to our american cousins . 
  that must be bizarre feeling , seeing the city without almost any cars around . 
  it 's illegal to drive without the lights on . 
  he probably turned them off for the pic . 
  it 's a brilliant plan . 
  russian adjutant : `` t\u0161uhnas are using roads as runways after we bombed their airports ! '', 
  russian commander : `` bomb the roads ! '', 
  russian adjutant : `` sir , we 've bombed the roads . 
  we 're unable to move forward with our forces . '', 
  russian commander : `` gg '' finns : `` havuja perkele . '', 
  i 'm to the west of keh\u00e4 3 . 
  it 's nice and cold , but not enough that you could ski .
