  it 's the fact that russians see it as an aggressive move . 
  and that 's something we finns have to deal with . 
  but that load of shit about justifying it : first of all , i was talking explicitly about finland . 
  second , i never said that joining nato warrants an aggressive counter move . 
  i 'm not trying to justify shit here . 
  you are making the whole thing up . 
  you are reading what you want to read . 
  so for the love of god , understand this : i 'm not trying to justify it and neither am i saying it was justified to attack ukraine because of the possibility that it might join nato . 
   it 's completely relevant . 
  finland has been attacked by russia before , it only makes sense for them to want to prevent another attack , so them joining nato is entirely sensible as a defensive measure . 
  we 've been over this in so many ways . 
  fact : russians see it as an aggressive move . 
  question : is it truly one ? 
  answer : it 's up to everyone to decide for themselves . 
  i think it can be one . 
  you do n't think it is . 
  we disagree on that . 
  there 's no one answer to it , since it really depends on the pov . 
  basically , yes . 
  i know , i meant like bahamas and the sort . 
  outside europe at least . 
  i think they 're using tax havens and the sort . 
  `` i 'll totally put my gun down if you do it first . '', 
  i 'm justifying shit here . 
  i 'm only saying that russia sees finland joining nato as an aggressive act , and i can see why . 
   we 're just walking in the same street as the bum to visit friends , and he takes it as aggression . 
  who 's the aggressor ? 
  in this case , you 'd be walking right next to a bum even when you know he hates your guts and hates when someone walks right next to him . 
  so , you are n't doing anything aggressive , but the hobo sees you as an aggressor . 
  you are the aggressor , from the hobo 's pov . 
  ( keep the pov thing in mind here . ), 
  more accurate : you 're just leaning into the fence between you and your neighbour . 
  your neighbour is doing the same thing . 
  leaning into the fence . 
  neither of you want the other guy to smash it down into your yard . 
  ( shit hits the fan if it actually crashes . ), 
  it is leaning more towards your yard than the other guys , so you decide to call up some friends to lean into with you . 
  one of those friends is a big muscular guy who your neighbor hates ( and you know he hates the muscular guy ) . 
  nobody is really doing anything aggressive here , just leaning into a fence and so on . 
  but not surprisingly , your neighbor gets pissed and sees your move as something aggressive . 
  neither of you are doing anything to each other * yet * , but you can understand why your neighbor is pissed off , even though you do n't think you 've * actually * done anything . 
   if some guy on the street does indeed walks too close to you , is kicking him in the shins the right kind of action ? 
  see , you are bringing unrelated stuff into the mix again . 
  where did i justify aggressive actions as an retaliation for ( from their pov ) aggressive behaviour ? 
  i see you are n't quite getting what i mean . 
  and you 're mixing in unrelated stuff . 
  that 's fine , i 'll try to be more clear . 
   that 's nonsense . 
  it 's not because a paranoid mentally ill bum on the street thinks you are attacking him that you should be locked up if you end up in a fight . 
  your allegory is the nonsense here . 
  actual attacks are n't the ones we are discussing here . 
  there 's a difference between aggressive/hostile behaviour and aggression . 
  or , in this case of yours , acting hostile towards the bum vs. actually physical aggression . 
  a difference between shouting at him and hurting him . 
  you can say that you did n't mean anything when you shouted at him . 
  that 's different from claiming you did n't push him when you did . 
  sexual harassment would be a better allegory . 
  but the thing is , russia sees ( and rightfully so ) joining the nato as an aggressive move . 
  that makes it one in their eyes . 
  in their eyes , finland would be acting aggressively , if it joined nato , instead of remaining neutral . 
  anyone can say what they think about it , is it aggressive or not , but russia sees it as aggressive . 
  and i think there 's little difference between actually being aggressive towards them and them thinking we 're being aggressive towards them . 
  damn , that 's harder to explain than i thought . 
  but maybe the sexual harassment example clears it up a bit . 
  ukraine can partake in hostilities against russia already , they do n't need to be a nato member to do so . 
  it only increases the risk for ukraine if russia was planning to attack ukraine or a nato member . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying here , tbh . 
   you have a strange definition of enemy . 
  but accepting it , then explain why extending a defensive alliance should be considered more aggressive than occupying a province of a neighbouring country at a whim ? 
  you keep using the word `` defensive alliance '' , when in reality , it 's a military alliance that 's build around common defense . 
   ( north ) atlantic alliance , is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the north atlantic treaty which was signed on 4 april 1949 and yes , there 's a difference . 
  defensive alliance would mean that it 's sole purpose is to defend member nations that are under attack , but that 's not the case . 
  it 's a military alliance that has acted outside of the purely defensive nature . 
  but to answer you question : nobody is saying that . 
  nobody is saying that one side is more hostile than the another . 
  i just said that finland joining nato would be considered an aggressive act towards russia . 
  which it will be . 
  i do n't remember comparing which action is more hostile . 
   nato is a defensive alliance . 
  well , * mostly * defensive military alliance . 
   nato members can and do undertake other actions , but they always do so as individual countries and not as nato members . 
  they can still do so when nato was dissolved . 
  sure . 
   it still remains absurd to take an imaginary , potential act of aggression by some countries to justify an actual act of aggression by yourself , in particular when russia still had plenty of other options . 
  you are talking about ukraine . 
  right . 
  but see , i did n't say anything about this . 
  i did n't try to justify russian aggression here . 
   finally , ukraine has been militarily dominated by russia for centuries . 
  how is it not sensible for ukraine to try to prevent whole or partial reoccupation by russia in the future ? 
  why does a voluntary association by ukraine justify a military occupation by russia ? 
  it does n't . 
  but like i said , this was n't about any of this . 
  it started when i said that bringing yanks to finland is an aggressive act towards russia , which you disagreed with . 
  that 's fine , we can discuss that , but leave this other business out of it . 
  even though i like discussing this other stuff with you , it 's not relevant here . 
  i 'm not sure if the current pope is okay with this . 
  that 's not really arguable . 
  it matters little what the side making the aggressive move says , since if the threatened side * feels * it 's an aggressive move , it becomes one . 
  and does russia feel that neutral nations and old allies that border it going from those to us-aligned nations is an aggressive move ?
