  at least we agree on our stances towards each other 's comments . 
  reminds me of the `` shadows '' left behind by people vaporized by atomic bombs . 
  which in turn reminds me of civilization . 
  those brave knights did n't stand a chance against atomic bombs and tanks . 
  did your drone broke down over turkey , by any chance ? 
  eesti bringing finland a bottle of booze . 
  is of family < 3 ( though to be honest , i felt kinda nauseous seeing that . 
  i was * just * over there , too soon to be thinking about booze . 
  oh god . ), 
  being scottish and all ... 
  i appreciate it , man . 
  i was wondering if finnish flag would show up . 
  what 's the point of this bot ? 
  being scared and then sad is all well and good , but it 's good to be level-headed once in a while too . 
  you should n't let emotional , over-the-top reactions to rule all your thinking . 
  if you 're making jokes , it 's only appropriate for me to laugh at them . 
  i 'm sorry if it made you feel bad , but come on . 
  that 's a ridiculous comparison . 
  you must know that . 
   this is n't much different . 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  total jerk-offs . 
  is n't that same in most countries ? 
  besides , we 're there to vote , we can doodle shit at home . 
  allowing them to practise islam ( for example ) and requiring them to obey the laws of the receiving country are two different things . 
  and end of europe as we know it ? 
  come on . 
  you have an amazingly fragile picture of europe . 
  integration and assimilation are two different things . 
  we want them to integrate , not necessarily to be assimilated . 
  ( i 'm not sure about this sub , but that seems to be generally the idea . ), 
  it 's possible to integrate into the receiving country 's society without completely losing your cultural background . 
  filthy capistalistic dogs . 
   or drinking alcohol which i think he likes to complain about . 
  `` does anyone even like beer ? '', 
  jesus christ , man . 
  why ca n't everyone just write things as they 're pronounced ... 
  ( that 's basically the only place i know of when it comes to pesis . ), 
  hey , it 's not shitty . 
  it 's really fun to play !, 
  it 's actually one of the school sports which i have the fondest memories . 
  with every school sport , there 's a group of people who are whining or not bothering to even try , ruining it for everyone else . 
  but at least with this sport , you can put them at the back of the line and pray they at least pretend to play when hitting , or put them right at the front so they ca n't stand there and not pay any attention to the game in fear of being hit . 
  smaller cities , rural areas . 
  well central finland in general . 
  ( hehehe . ), 
  or kiikkel\u00e4 in finnish . 
  though i 'm pretty fond of the old fashioned `` eesti '' . 
  so much that i 'm even visiting this weekend . 
  maybe i 'll bring some souvenirs with me , who knows . 
  maybe just a case or couple . 
  if it 's something that men can do to show how much of a man they are , it 's a sport . 
  `` we need solidarity between eu countries !, 
  ( ca n't let the banks fail ! ) '', 
  `` hey we need some help with this immigration problem . '', 
  `` fuck that , deal with your own shit lol '', 
  well that 's a a lot more understandable and agreeable statement . 
  i 'd guess they are mostly populated by syrians now , but not solely by them . 
  i do n't know enough about the situation in afghanistan at the moment to argue about it . 
  the fighting in there seems to have intensified , but how large scale it is , i do n't know . 
  and i 'm not sure how their gender or health relates to their refugee status . 
  i 'm describing them as refugees simply because that 's the word used in articles to describe them . 
  if you google `` turkey refugee camps '' , you get a mixed bag . 
  i mostly saw articles commenting how bad the situation in them . 
  that seems to be the insight of more respectable news sources . 
  of course more sketchy sites give a wildly differing picture , ranging from safe and orderly camps to unimaginable hellholes . 
  sounds pretty sketchy . 
  first there was a `` shootout '' and the immigrants were armed , now they only `` acted aggressively '' . 
  i 'm going to have to wait and see on this one , does n't seem like a clear case at all . 
  and some people jumped to congratulate the border police that only one person died in this altercation . 
  dear god . 
   this is the consequence of nations states . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how is this a consequence of nation states and what do you mean by that ? 
  there are laws and borders outside of nation states too . 
  that was apparently proven to be false . 
  there was n't any shootout , unless you count the single bullet fired by the border guard to mean a `` shootout '' . 
  well you have to read the comments quite extensively or alternate between two or more disagreeing subreddits , since it 's pretty common that one opinion rules over the other in most . 
  for example , you would be hard pressed to find positive news about migrants on here . 
  the voting makes it so the you wo n't see that news article in the first place . 
  finding both sides of the story and getting a somewhat balanced coverage of news from reddit can be a chore . 
  you do n't hold a very high bar for bulgaria , do you ? 
  they promised to come to dualingo but instead they just crashed a few competing sites . 
  you 're going to join the fight this time , huh . 
  we tried that but they pushed us back . 
  one of these days we 'll have what 's rightfully ours . 
  finland , all the way to the urals . 
  you 'll see , all of you will see !, 
  that feeling when the developer has included swedish , but not finnish . 
  you think you 're so much better than us , you pleasant assholes . 
  one of these days ... \\* shakes puukko *, 
  some of those redirected , i assume , are good people . 
  any day now , buddy . 
  any day now . 
  see , it 's all about the context . 
  you did n't thank him for his service , you ungrateful fool !, 
  do they build these temporary housings for citizens too ? 
  seems like the best thing would be to treat everyone equally and go case-by-case . 
  someone has to live in the community center/gym hall ? 
  priority over someone who wants to just change where they live .
