  `` our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and can not be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail . '' i mean , what are you trying to say ? 
   it should n't be surprising that his administration is viewed as anti-lgbtq this is what i said . 
  are you saying trump 's tweets * does n't * further the anti-lgbtq image ? 
  i did n't say transsexuals have been banned , i just mentioned the subject and trump 's apparent desire to have them banned . 
  just seems blatantly anti-lgbtq to me , whether or not he has been able to put his tweets into action . 
   the ride features over 300 audio-animatronic dolls in traditional costumes from *** cultures around the world , frolicking in a spirit of international unity and singing the attraction 's title song , which has a theme of global peace . 
  *** i can definitely see some people being triggered by that . 
  \\  international unity reeeeeeeeeee, 
  i imagine it 's not as much about being viewed as progressive but because it 's safer than joking about a minority for obvious reasons . 
  though i have n't really paid attention to the whole thing . 
  but i can see jokes about the white people being edgy . 
  my original comment was more about how any comment these days gets a `` that 's edgy '' or `` wow do n't cut yourself on that edge '' comment . 
  ah , we have those same popcorn things , that you fold open and put in the microwave . 
  though i 've noticed different microwaves and different brands/bags require different amounts of time and power . 
  i guess the button is handy if it works , but in my experience with using the same amount of power and time on the same brand of microwave popcorn , the results vary even then . 
  but no , i have never seen that button here , but i have no idea if it 's a thing or not . 
  i have n't seen that many microwaves and the ones i 've seen are old , haha . 
  i just checked https://www.gigantti.fi ( a big electronics store ) and i did n't see any popcorn buttons , so i guess it 's not a thing , at least not in finland . 
  but they have wattage selectors and usually the bags tell you the right settings , so i guess that 's how we roll . 
  i ca n't say if we have it `` over here '' , i 've never been shopping for microwaves , but no , i have never seen one . 
  what would one use it for ? 
  popcorn , obviously , but like , what would the button do and what type of popcorn would you use in it and in what kind of container ? 
  vampire pride when at night obviously , but * when *, 
  ... i 'm not sure what you a referring to . 
  it definitely could be edgy . 
   click `` popcorn '' button the what now ? 
   he chose pence to appeal to the more conservative side of the republican party . 
  he chose his vp to appeal to the conservative side , who are strongly anti-lgbtq . 
  even if he personally is moderate on the issue , it should n't be surprising that his administration is n't seen as pro-lgbtq . 
  where the fuck is this shit legal ?!, 
   the only time i think i 've ever talked about it is on job forms where they ask . 
  what the fuck, 
   nobody wants to see straight people making out in the middle of the street what ? 
  we tolerate that too , do n't we ? 
  like his vp , for example, 
  is n't his vp one of those `` pray the gay away '' people ? 
   one has to wonder why . 
  does one really ? 
  and here i assumed that the people on the float were americans . 
  there 's surprisingly many . 
  in europe , trump is almost universally disliked , but this sub is n't all that representative of europe . 
  you could randombly pick usernames and check the subs they 've commented in . 
  there 's often a lot of t_d commenters and it get quite bad with certain topics . 
  and * a lot * of people that have a flag of some european country while their comment history shows that they are actually an american . 
  or people straight up masquerading as `` concerned europeans '' . 
  the people on the float are probably american though, 
   you 're confusing being salty with cringing . 
  oh , i do n't think he is, 
  this was embarrassing to read . 
  thank you . 
  `` ugh , how typical , americans only care about america ... '', 
  everything is edgy these days . 
  hold up , alt-right told me that nazis are far left . 
  so clearly he was accusing this sub of being part of antifa or something, 
  `` i have nothing against gays but wo n't someone think of the children ! '', 
   should westerns stop partying all together cause it 's frowned upon by some religions ? 
  and / r/europe went there . 
  as is tradition . 
  then why the fuck are these people bitching about the amusement rides ? 
  i do think trump is an idiot . 
  a lot of what he does and says just makes you think that he 's a bit of a fool , at least . 
   if you want to eat healthy in the us it 's easy and not very expensive . 
  we have access to high quality foods from all over the world , and local produce and meats are extremely cheap . 
  do i believe most european countries are in the same boat , that we have access to high quality goods from all over the world ? 
  yes . 
  though i admit , american local produce might be cheaper when compared to purchasing power ( i 'm not sure , but i think that 's the case ) . 
   i 'd love to know where in your immediate vicinity you can find you 'd have to define `` immediate vicinity '' ( driving distance , since you say that later , though , what does * that * mean ) , but unfortunate in this arguments case i live in the helsinki metropolitan area . 
  so , if those things are to be found anywhere in finland , it 's probably here . 
  it 's a bit late so i 'd rather not try to answer your questions with links , but i 'm sure you can find out if such places exists in helsinki metropolitan area . 
   i can , and have , eaten any of those within driving distance of my house , and i do n't even live in a major metropolitan city . 
  where do you live , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  your flair says australia , but it 's a mighty big place . 
  `` but it probably is n't that great '' , oh wow , the gloves are off haha . 
   i could n't even find fucking peanut butter when i was in your country did you visit in the 50 's or something ? 
  but for real , how were you unable to find it ? 
  where did you look ? 
  because it 's found both in prisma , citymarket and occasionally in lidl . 
   however if you eat raw cookie dough that you make yourself you are susceptible to food borne illness . 
  it 'll be a cold day in hell when i 'll stop eating the dough !, 
   if you want to eat healthy in the us it 's easy and not very expensive . 
  we have access to high quality foods from all over the world , and local produce and meats are extremely cheap . 
  i 'd say it 's more or less exactly the same in most of europe . 
  globalism is a hell of a thing . 
  i 'd say suck an egg but i do n't want you to get salmonella . 
  might as well be , i only recently learned that you could get salmonella from eggs . 
  never heard about that before . 
  chicken , sure , you have to cook it properly and whatnot . 
  but eggs ? 
  that was new to me . 
  harder to skim through i guess , for those few that actually check out the linked article . 
   from all the youtube videos i 've seen , guns seem like a fun and cool hobby . 
   wish we could have them with proper clearances and checks you could always go to the gun range and pay to shoot them . 
  i do n't know about you guys but in here , it was really easy . 
  i had no idea anyone put eggs in the fridge . 
   you just keep them in the fridge at home i absolutely do n't and i consider anyone who does an utter savage . 
  eggs in the fridge ... blasthemy !, 
  this thread is going to be fun . 
  how well do their absolute numbers compare to other countries ? 
  using percentages can be very misleading in some cases . 
  we do n't care about winning as much as we just want you guys to lose .
