  ] ( http://i.lvme.me/xmeh35.jpg ), 
  the good old ( mostly bulslhit ) anti-america circlejerk strikes again !, 
  you do n't see the actual hate , only the reaction to that perceived `` hate '' . 
   yeah , but that 's par for the course is n't it ? 
  yeah , it is , but i think the thing that caused people to hate ( well , hate is a strong word ) us fans/team was that they came seemingly out of nowhere . 
  the sudden influx of trash talking yanks probably caused people to see them as very arrogant , because people were n't used to that kind of thing from them . 
  and that caused the backlash towards them . 
  like i said , this is just my theory . 
  it 's probably because some yanks got * really * cocky about it . 
  not most , but some . 
  and the sudden influx of arrogant american football fans made people ( unjustly ) hate the us team . 
  that 's my theory at least . 
  that 's why their death was so unfortunate . 
  s sound . 
  yeah , definitely no fighting after that . 
  well , except for those couple of little brawls but nothing major . 
  yeah , but it 's a problem that keeps fixing itself , one hobo at a time . 
  `` it 's a fucking lamp . 
  why should i. . . oh . 
  that was the message of this video-turned-to-gif . 
  cool ... '', 
  such an eu thing to say . 
  come on man , are you trying to exclude us ? 
  it 's not like you at all , sweden . 
  and some other stuff too , i think . 
  but did n't know the difference was that huge . 
  yeah , i understand that the situation is complex and you guys are trying your best to achieve peace even when the situation seems to be stuck in a gridlock . 
  i just saw an opportunity to take a little jab at you guys and had to take it . 
   chehnya is one of the most loyal republics in rf now . 
  this is pretty chilling . 
  * i wonder what happened ... *, 
  bring it . 
  hey , numbers are n't everything ... 
  i mean , last time you tried to do something about the problem with your turkish friends , it did n't end very well . 
  there 's several links here from op to the study that explains the metrics . 
  last time you guys tried to do something about it you lost half of your island . 
  you 're lucky making that mistake in / r/europe , so you do n't have to deal with pissed off armenians and georgians . 
   most of their news on the web are boring but they cover a wide range of topics . 
  this is one reason i love them . 
  covering a wide range of topics , including local news and not using sensational titles or wording on their news pieces . 
  i ca n't stand the yellow press style that 's so prevalent . 
  `` more people speak latin than finnish '' is one reasoning i 've heard . 
  grass is always greener . 
  and when you 're young ( well , i 'm not very old myself , but still ) the world is very much black and white . 
  kids in here complain about how shitty finland is and how great everything is in place x. 
  ( many times place x being the us . ), 
  but like i mentioned , i have n't actually bumped into the original circlejerk , just to the `` anti-circlejerk '' . 
  might just be that i 've been lucky or reading the wrong subs , do n't know . 
  i rather not , so i will take your word for it . 
  [ very true . 
  i thought he was just mentioning old human rights violations from europe and gave one example of modern violations outside of europe to give the list variety . 
  i felt that it was a little unnecessary , but calling it `` edgy '' or `` brave '' is just obnoxious . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're getting at here . 
  what are you asking from me ? 
  it seems like you already have your answer . 
  you really got me confused now . 
  sorry , i know it 's stupid and not fair . 
  and i hate it when other people do it . 
  ( `` europeans this , europeans that '' . 
  seems so absurd . ), 
  i will edit my comment . 
  i think it 's fair to point at them and say `` they are doing this and it 's working really well , maybe we should try the same '' . 
  i do n't think anyone actually thinks that sweden is a heaven on earth or something . 
  those fighting against this perceived circlejerk certainly think that other people think it 's a heaven . 
  but i 'm not sure anyone really does think so . 
  did you guys ever stop calling us mongoloids ? 
  i constantly hear this argument ( `` some others are saying that sweden is a paradise '' ) even though i never hear the original comment ( `` sweden is a paradise !, 
  look at sweden and get bitter and defensive ! ), 
  saying something bad about the us is `` brave '' and `` edgy '' , and that 's the end of the discussion . 
  that 's fucking retarded . 
  why is saying something bad about the us those things , but saying something bad about other countries not ? 
  some yanks just keep using those words to kill the discussion ( even when it was n't even about the us in the first place ) . 
  fucking annoying . 
  kiss , i guess . 
  you guys seem pretty cool . 
  we have better uses for that money . 
  and it 's not like you guys had to be convinced to pump more money into weapons . 
  [ they look very intimidating , if you ask me . 
  ] ( http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130812105026/dishonoredvideogame/images/5/52/assassins01a.png ) i would n't mess with them . 
  i think the cons outweigh the pros . 
  one big reason is that i do n't want to ruin our good relationship with russia . 
  and i do n't think there 's need for nato . 
  our defence is well taken care of . 
  we are not ukraine . 
  we have the will to defence , strong standing army and a stable government . 
  i see no major advantages in joining , that would n't be overshadowed by their cons . 
  it 's one of the problems . 
  i do n't want us to be pushed into nato . 
  anyone with half a brain understands that that 's probably not my only problem with russia 's behavior . 
  like mentioned , putin would n't look so strong and i seriously doubt that ukraine would be willing to sell . 
  no one associated with selling the land that rightfully belongs to ukraine would be elected ever again . 
  it would be a political suicide . 
  ever heard of bread and circuses ? 
  the $ 50 billion was n't spend on solely to impress the world , but the maintain stability inside of russia . 
  thanks a lot , putin . 
  now the scaremongers trying get us to join nato have something to yell constantly about . 
  thanks a lot . 
  retarded move from him . 
  if you do n't want to push us into nato , stop doing shady shit to countries neighboring you . 
  and stop flying planes over our territory .
