  that 's a given . 
  but the thing is , do we have more to gain from staying neutral or from joining nato . 
  and i 'm glad to say that most people think the answer is neutrality . 
  and i 'm aware of the obligations . 
  which part made you think otherwise ? 
  you admitted it yourself : poland and lithuania got dragged into a questionable war . 
  that 's what i want to avoid , getting dragged into one . 
  so you 're not even refuting the fact , you 're just making a excuse why it is so ? 
  how is it a `` bullshit argument '' then ? 
  i do n't really care * why * it is so , but the point still stands . 
  i do n't care to join a usa-led military alliance . 
  i see no benefit in that . 
  eu creating a formidable unified defence forces would be a much better option . 
  though unlike , when a large number of members belong to nato . 
  and i 'm not taking only about current wars the us has gotten itself into , but also the future . 
  by being in the nato , the pressure to take part in ( questionable ) wars and conflicts as a belligerent would increase significantly . 
  ( as we saw in 2001 and 2003 . ), 
  i do n't want that . 
  i want to stay far away of those messes . 
  peacekeeping operations excluded , that 's something i can support , be it nato-lead or not . 
  i want finland to be able to decide for ourselves , if we take part in a conflict or not . 
  no one wants to be dragged into one . 
  i can see why you would take offence with that reason to stay out . 
  i understand it . 
  but do you have anything to say about the other arguments ? 
  foreigners have been trying to push us into nato for damn long . 
  is there something we finns do n't know ? 
  we currently do n't want to join , why should we change our minds ? 
  e : and lets try to keep it civil . 
  which is sad . 
  i 'd like this to be a uniting thing for europe , instead of a dividing one . 
  the whole of europe , coming together in a silly competition . 
  this would be the best option for the future imo . 
  i do n't wish to join the nato , but teaming up with our neutral friend to the west seems like a good option to bolster both of our defences , without losing our neutrality . 
  and it would make big materiel purchases cheaper . 
  and finland and sweden have fought so long together , this would just be the continuation of ages old tradition where finland acted as the buffer towards east . 
  finland could provide the numbers through conscription and sweden could provide the professional force and high-tech equipment they have . 
  this would be an ideal partnership , considering how much we have in common when it comes to defence policy . 
  and maybe finally rest of the western world could shut about us joining the nato . 
  that would be the best thing about this . 
  in part because of historical reasons , at least for finland . 
  finlandization , history of being neutral , large support for the political left , even communists in the past , strong ( left leaning ) antiwar movement , dislike of the united states and so on . 
  for me it 's several things . 
  i do n't see any benefit large enough in it . 
  joining nato would protect us from russia , but it is also the reason we might need that protection . 
  ( and i feel that we 're protected enough as it is , without foreign troops . ), 
  we have a good relations with russia , i see no reason to disrupt those by joining . 
  ( russia would see it as a hostile move ) . 
  i do n't want to tie us into a usa-led military alliance , i do n't want to fight their wars . 
  we have a large standing army based on conscription . 
  that system works for us , i do n't want to change into a mercenary/professional army . 
  the thing is , finland is in no real danger now and most likely wo n't be in the near future . 
  so i see no reason to join . 
  we are able to stand on our own , without tying us into american wars . 
  we have a large standing army , the will to defend our land , warm relations with russia , and a stable government . 
  we wo n't be the next ukraine . 
  i know that situations change fast and without much warning . 
  but i 'll say we should look into it again in the future . 
  for now , there 's no reason to join the nato . 
  just like old times , buddy . 
  well , i disagree . 
  i do n't want to join the nato . 
  we are n't in grave danger . 
  joining nato would ruin the good relations we have with russia and move us from neutral camp to their rivals camp . 
  so while it would act as a safeguard against them , it would also probably be the reason we need that safeguard in the first place . 
  conscription and neutral politics is my choice . 
  and i 'm voting accordingly . 
  i see no need to join a foreign military alliance . 
  people keep saying stuff like `` are n't you afraid that you 're next after ukraine ? '', 
  hell no . 
  we have a stable government , a large standing army , the will to defend our country and our eastern relations are warm . 
  we have nothing to fear , even though nato advocates are trying to frighten us into joining . 
  finland being the buffer for sweden . 
  tradition dating way , way back . 
  i 'm glad we 're doing this . 
  we have a decent defense on our own , but this will hopefully bring savings when acquiring new tech and such . 
  and it would n't hurt to bring sweden and finland closer together . 
  i 'm surprised how strong finland is . 
  ( i 'm a finn myself . ), 
  explains why there are so many unemployed people with degrees though ... 
  the situation is abysmal on many fields . 
  but because the state takes maybe a little too good care of those people and we finns love our piece of heaven so much , there is n't any large scale emigrating going on . 
  even when many countries would be more than happy to accept educated finnish workers who speak fine english . 
  but i think the problem is n't exclusive to finland . 
  it 's a big problem in most parts of eu . 
  the state takes care of us , so there 's no pressing need to emigrate . 
  painfully obvious here on reddit , where most people are westerners and almost half of all users american . 
  i did , but it 's hard to enjoy it when you can barely breath and you are near passing out . 
  the solution would be to not heat the sauna so much , but what the fuck , i ai n't doing that . 
  cold sauna is one of the worst things in life . 
  well , almost a hundred years now . 
  if anything , it 's the baltic states that they would color red if it this map was about that . 
  i hate it . 
  way too hot and humid for it . 
  i do n't have stamina for it . 
  i was n't talking about this particular conflict thought . 
  but about this particular case . 
  usually i favor acting through the un , but this time it 's pretty hard . 
  ( russia being in the security council and all . ), 
  eu should support ukraine , of course , but in what way and how far should we go in doing it ?
