  well that comparison came out of nowhere ... 
  other than that we overwhelmingly do n't want to , that is . 
  yeah , in hundred years when there is a large minority who have lived here for all their lives i 'll be scared . 
  and in the long run , europe would be much stronger , thanks to it . 
  and americans could n't use the ridiculously shitty excuse of `` we 're paying for your defense '' for having crappy social services etc. 
  i do n't know , i do n't think living next to unstable balkans is something to hope for . 
  nah , we 're the good guys . 
  we ca n't be brainwashed . 
  but really , i think we 're at least * less * brainwashed than russians . 
  we are n't immune to propaganda ( as this subreddit has shown so , so many times ) , but i think it 's more subtle here in the west . 
  is that something we really want though ? 
  for russia to crash and burn ? 
  i do n't like the current situation with putin , but i fear that something worse might come out of it . 
  ( even more ) unstable russia is not something i wish to see . 
  i 'm being sarcastic . 
  but yeah , this sub is ... quite something . 
  you dirty russian shill , how dare you . 
  people rarely appreciate what they have . 
  american phone made in china . 
  i 'd say the chinese are the ones winning here . 
  the propaganda war seems to be in full swing . 
  i 'd say accusing someone of being a shill is the go-to attack in most of reddit . 
  that or `` apologist '' . 
  he went to iceland to join isis ? 
  we 'll be getting that free trade deal , want it or not . 
  `` ugh , sweden , it 's not a phase !, 
  this is who i am ! '', 
  i love that everyone thinks that swedes do n't speak and they have a huge personal space , when we finns think they 're too talkative and come too close . 
  the bull dies but does not surrender, 
  do n't worry , i do n't take any vaccinations . 
  we were their co-belligerents though . 
  but maybe it 's a good thing we were n't on the winning side on that conflict ... 
  the freedom ca n't be silenced . 
   in the bohemian part of the city kallio ? 
  those look cozy . 
  reminds me of my berth in the navy . 
  why did you throw uk under the bus like that ? 
  not cool man . 
  not cool . 
  america is a monster with five eyes and lots of ears . 
  they can hear and see everything . 
  they are everywhere . 
  there 's no escaping them . 
  only in a moscow airport you can be safe . 
  he 's clearly `` heating up the sauna '' ( aka . 
  getting away from everyone to nurture his hangover ) . 
  what kind of barbarian would wear clothes to a * heated * sauna ?!? 
  i was thinking about smaller places when i wrote that . 
  in smaller places , the bouncer is the guy who takes the coats and who you pay the admission to . 
  what kind of barbarian would wear clothes to sauna ?!, 
  i am . 
  it 's not very common nor expected of you . 
  but some people do it to show appreciation for great service in bars or restaurants . 
  i was always playing the level with the letter by the box tops . 
  damn i love that song . 
  it 's still my favorite bf . 
  cong for life , yo !, 
  oh please . 
  vietnam was way worse . 
  going through hellish jungles with constant threats , cramped tunnels , flamethrowers , hand grenades flying over your head , women and children dying , shots ring out in the dead of night , the sergeant calls ` stand up and fight ! ' ... 
  it was hell . 
  those americans trying to kill me did n't help either . 
  well , especially in smaller places they 're usually the ones that get your jackets and you pay admission to , in addition to doing bouncer stuff . 
  so i give a tip in the hopes that he 'll remember me when i lose my coat card thingy . 
  and that he 'll be more lenient towards my drunken shenanigans . 
  it 's a small investment . 
  you seem tense . 
  you should come to my sauna and relax . 
  just bring booze and weed . 
  i did n't fight in battlefield vietnam to be told what to do by some dirty hippie . 
  how typical , america forcing small countries to do stuff . 
  when will it end !, 
  ( but yeah , i agree , it 's pretty forced . 
  i wanted to just write `` we heard you tipping when coming in '' , but i usually tip the bouncer when going to a bar . 
  my integrity just did n't allow me to make that joke . ), 
  ( e : i 'd like to add that i was thinking about smaller places when i wrote that . 
  in smaller places , the bouncer is often the guy who takes the coats and who you pay the admission to . 
  but if there 's a dedicated bouncer and he does n't handle money or coats , i do n't usually tip him . 
  i look young enough that the poor guy and people around me would think i 'm trying to bribe him or something . 
  bribe him with one euro , that is . ), 
  the means justify the medians . 
  soon , it will all be europe again ... bwahaahaha !, 
  do n't forget `` five eyes '' . 
  we might have a traitor in our midst ... 
  besides , in that apartment , you would be sleeping on the floor in fetal position after crying anyway . 
   2000 swedish money ^ tm goddamn swedes , get in on the euro fun !, 
  i 'm tired of having to calculate prices and exchange money when i buy snus !, 
  `` this qatar style room is perfect for a family . '', 
  the sauna at my house is a way better deal anyway . 
  one second walk from my bathroom , close to a lot of places to eat and drink , wifi ... and it 's been really great for me . 
  we heard you coming in . 
  the calculator you used to count the tip was really loud . 
  oh you dirty hippie . 
  there 's `` no enforced conscription '' , which is one thing ( which , i guess it 's conscription in a way , like `` passive '' or `` dormant '' conscription or something ) and then theres simply `` conscription '' , which is usually understood as military training + reserve . 
  like i said , the term might be understood differently in the us . 
  she just keeps pushing me aside . 
  so set on her own way . 
  i know , i was just joking about how you said you won world war . 
  no matter which one we pick , we finns lost . 
  ( well , we were on the losing side anyhow . ),
