  and `` cushy '' ? 
  they certainly are n't cushy , but they 're also not intentionally cruel places , thank god . 
  what kind of fucked up nation still creates prisons on the basis that they 're supposed to be cruel places for the prisoners ? 
  imagine what a prisoner getting out of an institution supposed to be as crueling to him as possible will be like when he gets out . 
  unsurprisingly , places like gitmo create a shitload of terrorists . 
  if you 're a terrorist in gitmo , you will be bitter as hell because of your treatment and you will certainly go on fighting against the us . 
  if you 're innocent ( too common ) , you 'd be * extremely * bitter and you will go and seek to be a terrorist . 
  read the fucking article . 
  they 're not coming back here because they fear the punishment . 
  the people who fought for is are so scared of their punishment in the uk , they would rather flee to a new country than face the consequences . 
  should n't that tell you somethign ? 
   are you mentally ill ? 
  if being `` healthy '' means being as fucking dense as most commenters in here , i 'd rather be mentally ill .  there is nothing to solve the problem of 100 ( former ? ), 
  jihadists evading punishment is n't a problem in your mind ? 
  to me , that 's a huge problem . 
   but to enjoy the suffering of treasonous monsters suffering ? 
  you should read the article . 
  they 're evading suffering by not coming back to uk to face their punishment . 
   problem solved . 
  that 's the thing . 
  it is n't . 
  it is n't solved at all . 
  only thing it solves is `` immighunts costs us moneeh !, 
  '' , as you mentioned . 
  but comparing that `` problem '' to actual problems that the decision to revoke their citizenships would cause is really fucking stupid . 
  there 's two main reasons , why revoking their citizenship is problematic , to say the least : 1 . 
  `` innocent until proven guilty '' . 
  revoking a citizenship without a trial goes against everything we in the western world should be standing up for . 
  this is probably the greatest problem . 
  we would allow our states to act without trial and to revoke peoples ' right to trial . 
  we 're creating masses of stateless and ( even more ) bitter jihadists , instead of allowing them to come home to be sentenced in front of a court . 
  ( bigger problem than them costing us money ? 
  we should n't revoke their citizenships . 
  we do no good with revoking it and cause ourselves harm . 
  by giving them the option of returning to their origin country , we allow them a way to face the consequences of their actions . 
  so you 'd rather let them get away with what they have done without any consequences ? 
  because * if * you read the article , you 'd know that the reason they 're are n't coming back is that they 'd face criminal charges for their actions in the uk . 
  revoking their citizenship would create a hundred stateless former jihadists . 
  you do n't think that would cause any problems for us ? 
  anyone with a working brain would understand that it would be better for everyone to welcome them home to face the consequences of their actions , instead of just leaving them be . 
   they would infect other jail inmates with their fascist ideology bullshit . 
  the reason they are in turkey is because they 're disillusioned with is . 
  if anything , they would deter people from going to fight for is . 
   given our ultra-liberal northern european laws , they 'll be free in 5 years or so this is utter bullshit . 
  even they know they 'd be in for some serious time . 
  that 's the whole reasont they are n't coming back !, 
  read the damn article !, 
  e : and probably the biggest problem with outright renouncing their citizenships is that we are also renouncing our policy of `` innocent until proven guilty '' , which is one of the cornerstones of western justice systems . 
   that responsibility goes both ways . 
  it does . 
  that 's why * if * they came back , they would face consequences for their actions . 
  as of now , they 're not willing to face those consequences , which is the true problem . 
  turkey should capture these people and deport them to the uk , to face charges . 
   why lock them up ? 
  that is a massive drain on society * for no reason . 
  * it 's pretty dense to claim that it would be `` for no reason '' . 
  would you rather let them roam free ? 
  is that honestly the better option in your mind ? 
  surely that ca n't lead to anything bad ... 
  it would absolutely be the right decision to let them back and face the consequences of their actions . 
  ( the `` 30 years in jail '' they fear in the article . ), 
  simply denying them the possibility to come back is idiotic . 
  we should treat them same as everyone else : let them come back , charge them with crimes if and when there 's a reason to suspect them and act according to that . 
  only a complete moron would say that we should n't allow them to come back . 
  would you rather see them be brave and continue fighting for is ? 
  and is n't it good that they somewhat came to their senses after coming in contact with the reality of what the is is ? 
  if they were willing to face consequences , they would come back . 
  the whole point of the article is that they fear the consequences and hence are n't willing to come back to uk . 
  what would that solve ? 
  are you a goddamn moron ? 
  why would you want to let them continue ( quite ) freely walking this earth instead of facing criminal charges for their actions ? 
  this is n't really a sub where people try to avoid their most primal instincts . 
  as evidenced by the number of `` serves them well '' comments . 
  i ca n't believe so many people do n't want them to come back or would n't even allow them to come back . 
  that 's just fucking stupid . 
  i hope they come back , so they 'd face prosecution for their possible crimes . 
  hoping that they wo n't come back is just idiotic . 
  why would anyone want them to continue living somewhere , instead of facing charges for their actions ? 
  you should read the article . 
  it 's not about uk denying them right to come back ( they 're not that fucking insane yet ) but about them not coming back because they fear the punishment . 
  uk absolutely allows and * should * allow them to come back . 
  it 's just that , they 're of cource charged with various crimes after coming back , as they should be . 
  denying them from coming back would be incredibly stupid on so many levels . 
  that was painful . 
  we decided to watch the game before driving home from a summer cabin . 
  it all looked so good . 
  it 's the longest silent car ride i 've been in . 
  that 's probably why it hurt so much . 
  i remember people yelling `` they do n't even care about hockey !!! '', 
  to the tv . 
  that game ruined a party . 
  we were all having a great time , watching the game and drinking beer , until the danish started making goals . 
  i do n't think we even finished watching the game before everyone went home bitter . 
  try to go for a cheek kiss when meeting someone for the first time . 
  i know a lot of people who would freak out about that . 
  `` what the hell man !?! '', 
  [ nah , that 's so silly we 've learned to make fun of it too . 
  that 's true . 
  also calling us a nazi ally does the trick in certain circles . 
  and calling mannerheim gay or just implying it too .
