  people without a roof over them would have priority over people in temporary housing and so on . 
  you 'd think the priority would be people without a home , no matter where they 're from . 
  panel that appoints independent experts . 
  so ... not `` head of the unhrc '' then , right ? 
  i get the mistake , because that 's how the news was often titled , but it 's just not the case . 
  luckily so . 
  what kind of game are you playing here, 
  they have ad-blockers on the internet now !, 
  i think it 's pretty funny that someone from the uk is the one to point this out , hehehe . 
  they and their damn oaths . 
  i have a picture of my great grandfather on my wall . 
  he 's shaking hands with mannerheim , shortly after the winter war . 
  he lost his leg to a mine , on the last ( yup , you read that right ) day of the winter war . 
  that would 've been a pretty cool motto . 
  also bears and spruce branches . 
  that 's cool as hell . 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  what 's with the colours up top ? 
  what is this heresy !?!, 
  treason !!, 
  i 'd agree as far as it comes to winter war and lapland war . 
  those were wars we did n't want but had to fight nevertheless . 
  but it 's not like we were fully peace loving and whatnot . 
  heimosodat and continuation war would attest to that . 
  but then again , it was all a big mess stemming from a long time before . 
  even before we were even a sovereign nation . 
  what happened , happened . 
  too much time has passed , when it comes to karelia . 
  it 's always one or the another . 
  pretty sure it 's the punishment that 's the issue . 
  so you willingly take a risk of getting lashed just to get a drink . 
  ca n't say i would shed many tears . 
  possibly , though i doubt it . 
  this does n't seem like a case for them . 
  is n't saudi arabia just one country of 47 total that are in the hrc ? 
  i do n't know how much power that could give them . 
  that 's not true . 
  they made a deal to get into the 47 member hrc . 
  their ambassador is the chairman of one of the panels of hrc . 
  sincerely yours , house of saud, 
  and he could n't even do that . 
   reduce autocratic oil regimes to dust as if they have n't invested their oil money in a way that will keep them in the power . 
  oil is running out ? 
  invest into electric cars or whatever . 
  the old school way would be to invest into future tech and ruin it on purpose . 
  reminds me of lapland . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  time to do a tick check . 
  this seem to be pretty alien to the rest of the world . 
  we should start exporting this stuff . 
  aikon curtains - separating people . 
  to some . 
  i absolutely love winter and the only problem in summer is the heat . 
  over 30c ? 
  jesus lord oh god no i 'm melting, 
  why do you hurt me so, 
  for you . 
  you think the americans have any respect for the english language ? 
  schuko or die , bitch . 
  you must have some shitty plugs for this to be an actual problem . 
  interestingly , she was born in hamburg , brd , but her family moved to ddr soon after that . 
  she visited brd again 34 years later . 
  i have n't really thought about it , but for some reason i just kinda assumed she was from brd . 
  i guess i 'm young like that . 
  yeah , this is useless because it does n't magically and instantly integrate them all . 
  and this definitely was a major attempt to integrate them , instead of a small thing to try and help in the overall effort of integration . 
  one good reason is the able to look around for better prices . 
  if there was only one amazon , they 'd probably settle for a middle ground price . 
  well it has to travel upstream against all the immigrants , makes sense to me . 
  you got it , it was a sarcastic remark . 
  i really doubt the eu is capable of doing a unified action like this . 
  and it would take * a lot * of time and convincing to get countries to participate . 
  it would be a political mess . 
  he wrote his comment two hours ago ( approx . 
  the yle uutiset article was posted 15:14 . 
  it was already published when he made that comment . 
  way before you made that comment . 
  this kind of shit is the reason why everyone looks down on / r/europe . 
   they need to be sorted before entering the eu , not after they are already in western europe . 
  how do you exactly propose we do this ? 
  i do n't see a feasible way to do this . 
   most are muslim ( even moderate means justified violence and battering of women ) wow . 
  just wow . 
  that was ice cold . 
  i do n't understand why drivers just drive around instead of staying at home and trying to fix the problems there . 
   but the fact a migrant has now stabbed a police officer is quite consequential to us . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by this . 
  could you try opening it up a little , i 'm a little slow today . 
  / u/criticalspirit , like this \\ / u/criticalspirit , if you want to `` username ping '' someone on reddit . 
  my first thought was that how lucky that the ship happened to be there when these pictures were taken . 
   and the soviet union kind of thought we were their ally since 1948 , we sulked very often when they refused to recognize our neutrality . 
  i mean , through [ yya-treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finno-soviet_treaty_of_1948 ) we kinda were , sort of . 
  `` mutual assistance '' and all . 
  but of course there 's allies and then there 's `` allies '' . 
  there 's a big distinction between `` a battleground '' and `` the battleground '' though . 
  in any case , at least a few years ago , `` the big plan '' for defending finland assumed that if a war with russia started , it would n't be a single one-on-one conflict with them but include other battlegrounds too . 
  from what i 've read , that was n't really the main reason , at least early on . 
  finlandization is n't great but trying not to offend russia while keeping up a respectable defence ( as in , big enough deterrent to make invasion not worth it ) seems to have been what worked for us . 
  make status quo profitable enough and make invasion costly enough . 
  as for nuclear weapons , i 'm not sure if soviet invasion ( or early on more likely , a soviet backed coup ) would 've given a good enough reason for the us/nato to start ww3 .
