  and i 'm not counting vague cases or when someone just mentions it , as mocking . 
  there 's only few things that i hate more than foreigners who throws around the word `` finlandization '' in a mocking way , without understanding the realities that small countries living next to a big and dangerous country have to deal with . 
  it 's easy to mock when you do n't have to live with it . 
  a good article . 
  you 'll be glad to know then that she shows * a lot * more . 
  and the hardcore shots on the album . 
  always have to read these two times . 
  first ltr and then rtl . 
  why do i never learn . 
  oh you catholic prudes . 
  we really should . 
  but as long as many eu countries are in the nato , there 's countries that see now need for one . 
  so if nato does n't suddenly cease to exist , i do n't think we 'll get anywhere . 
  but i 'm glad to say that finland has been pressing the idea of eu forces . 
  wow . 
  had to google those to check they 're real . 
  those are damn hilarious !, 
  imagine being stuck with a `` nickname '' like `` spindleshanks '' for all eternity . 
  because it was such a huge deal , i even watched the news just as it broke . 
  i thought i would remember something like this , especially when i remember lesser incidents that have happened is western europe or the us . 
  it 's not i feel compelled to remember this particular thing per se , but that i forgot this and remembered lesser ( in comparison ) `` incidents '' , maybe because they happened in we or the us . 
  so i feel bad for forgetting about this , partly because i do n't know why i did n't remember it . 
  `` the elbow-high '' ? 
  * really * ? 
  that 's funny and interesting . 
  i 'm ashamed to admit this , but i did n't remember this thing at all before being reminded about it . 
  i remember watching the broadcast about this and all ... 
  i do n't know what it says about me . 
  it might actually be because of my prejudice against russians , which is a horrible thought . 
  i hope that is n't it . 
  because it got traction . 
  once a post gets that little bit of visibility , it can get to front page really fast . 
  being tolerant towards ignorants is really hard . 
  i do n't think he was questioning the facts , but the motivation of the op behind posting this . 
  i hope you are , i fear you are n't . 
  though saying that `` i hope you are the last ones russia invades '' seems way colder than i wanted it to be . 
  and my axe . 
  no , seriously . 
  he can have one of my axes if it helps . 
  i have like three . 
  but he ca n't have my favorite one , he can choose between the two others . 
  i seriously doubt he 'll even go for eu countries . 
  you get the image that they 're fighting everything that has to do with added integration of the union . 
  which is a bad thing imo . 
  it really feels like they do n't want to be a part of the union and are fighting everything the eu is trying to do . 
  makes no sense to have them as an uncommitted and almost hostile member . 
  are you saying that warsaw pact is a good example that military alliances that proclaim to be defensive do n't attack or pose a threat to their neighbors ? 
  because my point was that nato is to russians what warsaw pact was to the west during cold war : a scary and threatening military alliance . 
  well , so did warsaw pact . 
  they never actually attacked nato or the west . 
  but for obvious reasons , the west still feared that that might happen . 
  the whole point of nato was to act as a counter to soviet block and the ussr , which russia is a successor of . 
  and the warsaw pact was the main adversary of nato . 
  does n't take a genius to figure out why russians would see it as an anti-russia military alliance , and even hostile to them . 
  which is a fair opinion for them to have . 
  should the west not have seem warsaw pact as a hostile organization because it was a defensive alliance ? 
  it honestly feels like the period of relative calm is ending . 
  and even though sino-australian relations are pretty good , as a `` deputy of the us '' they 're in a tricky position , even though the current defence minister said that they want to balance between the two , instead of choosing one over the another . 
  did n't know you guys had a national guard . 
  pretty cool . 
  our national guard was disbanded as a fascist organization at the end of the ww2 . 
  ( which was n't a completely baseless claim though . 
  somewhat unreasonable , but not baseless . ), 
  yeah , they usually have ... 
  at this point , i honestly want them out . 
  they 're causing so much trouble for the rest of the eu that it 's not worth it . 
  maybe they could be happier as an us state . 
  we ca n't have both sweden and denmark in . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  i very much agree with you , my swedish brother . 
  people opposing joining nato in both countries have to work together to prevent our politicians from dragging us into nato against the majority 's will . 
  if one country decides to join , it 's very likely the other one will too . 
  and the excuse will be that `` we have to do this '' . 
  i simply do n't believe how you ca n't figure out why they would feel threatened . 
  you must live in some sort of denial you honestly believe what you said . 
  i mean , you do n't think being surrounded by a military alliance that was hostile to you for a very long time ( and is again ) and them bringing their materiel to your borders does n't seem threatening to you ? 
  saying that `` you have nothing to worry , these tanks are just for * defence * '' and expecting russians to not worry after hearing that is something else . 
  yeah , it 's a defensive pact that would bring nato forces to russia 's borders . 
  you think they see it as anything else than a hostile action towards them ? 
  and it 's easy to say that we 're just licking russia 's boots and all that stupid shit when you are n't their neighbour . 
  we have a huge border with russia and a big part of our economy is linked with them . 
  there 's nothing shameful about admitting the realities and living with them . 
  if none of them did , there probably would be no need for nato , because we would have our own defence union . 
  but alas , now some are members and that puts pressure on all to join . 
  fortunately , if you ask me . 
  unless something really dramatic happens , there 's no need to use that option . 
  estonian friend asked me a short time ago that `` are n't you scared because of ukraine ? '', 
  first i laughed because i did n't understand that he could be seriously asking that . 
  then i explained that finland is nothing like ukraine . 
  all the things that made these current troubles possible are absent from here . 
  finland has a strong standing army and stability within our borders . 
  we are a member of the eu . 
  we have been a calm , diplomatic , trustworthy and friendly neighbour . 
  as of now , there 's nothing to fear for us and absolutely no pressing need to join the nato . 
  and there most likely wo n't be in the near future if we keep our good current policy . 
  if something is going to drag us into nato , it 's sweden joining . 
  which is just fucking great . 
  people like me who are opposing the membership are watching in horror how sweden is dismantling all their defence capability and practically forcing themselves to join . 
  it has been an option for a long time . 
  we have n't used it yet and i really hope we wo n't .
