  one that would be taken seriously . 
  we have to create a unified defense now , or anyone of us could be the next finland . '', 
  though your example is more likely , i think the latter option is plausible too . 
  but it would probably happen in stages , the most eager members creating the `` eu defense forces '' , and other members following . 
  i do n't agree . 
  it would make the eu look weak ( which it is , of course ) but i do n't think it would be then end of the union . 
  eu is an economical union first . 
  if there is n't an explicit rule that all eu nations have to defend one getting attack , nothing is actually going to happen . 
  politicians would just work overtime to tiptoe around the rule , trying to find a way off of the obligation without losing too much face . 
  i do n't agree . 
  it would make the eu look weak ( which it is , of course ) but i do n't think it would be then end of the union . 
  eu is an economical union first . 
  if there is n't an explicit rule that all eu nations have to defend one getting attack , nothing is actually going to happen . 
  politicians would just work overtime to tiptoe around the rule , trying to find a way off of the obligation without losing too much face . 
  enough to warrant all out war between the eu and russia ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'll bet having a good old fashioned brawl with russia would cost a lot more than 100b $ . 
  i would say they would be with us in spirit only , while doing lucrative business with the russians . 
  there 's no way eu would declare war over finland . 
  they would be * pissed * if russia invaded , but there 's no chance they 're going to go to war with russia because of it . 
  yeah , most finns are n't afraid . 
  some stay-at-home moms that know shit at all about the world are scared , but they are scared by everything . 
  russia invades a part of ukraine ? 
  oh shit , i got to get my jani-petteri to safety !, 
  one person in hong kong has the swine flu ? 
  oh shit , it 's time to quarantine finland !, 
  shit , better buy * all * the iodide pills . 
  putin seems like such a rational fella . 
  we have nothing to fear , for sure ... 
  georgia was also part of the nato sphere of influence . 
  though the situation was different , just being in the sphere guarantees jack shit . 
  it can get pretty warm during the summer , you know ... 
  when it gets to 28 and above , there 's no better place to be than on your summer cottage , sipping beer and swimming in a lake . 
  [ that 's like , finnish heaven . 
  summer , beer and your own cottage ( with sauna , of course ) . 
  ] ( http://www.seppo.net/cartoons/albums/cartoons/environment/sustainable_development/mies_sauna_unelma_eng.jpg ), 
  that 's what i keep saying . 
  yeah , this is basically just a rumor . 
   appeasement is not the perfect solution you seemed to make it out to be i agree , it 's not a perfect solution , not even close . 
  it 's a risky business too . 
  sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . 
  sometimes the outcome of appeasement is worse than the alternative and so on . 
  i was just trying to say that i think , in this situation , i see appeasement as better option than fighting . 
   regardless , ukraine is in a better situation that finland was , given it has broad western backing whilst the russian position gets weaker by the day . 
  like i 've said , i think this is a really risky move . 
  i seriously doubt if russians are going to back off . 
  not after the referendum and recent ( just said ) comments that putin has made . 
  so i do n't believe there is any profit to be gained by not ordering troops in crimea to stand down and retreat to other parts of ukraine . 
  so it 's not i think appeasement is a perfect option , i just think that there 's no benefit in doing otherwise right now . 
   again , these were options . 
  finland did n't sign an unconditional surrender . 
  these were things that finland did voluntarily under threat of soviet union retaliation for refusing . 
  that is pretty much the definition of appeasement . 
  i would say that it was unconditional surrender in anything other than name only . 
  the finnish communists raised to high positions , former political leaders being persecuted , allied commission , a military base right next to the capital . 
  i would very much say that the result of defeat more than appeasement . 
  but i see your point . 
   so your claim that finnish appeasement ` worked ' requires the addendum : it worked , because finland gave thousands of baltic people , that sought refuge from the soviet union , over to the soviet union to be executed or go through the gulag ( which amounted to broadly the same thing ) . 
  it worked because finland remained independent . 
  that was the goal . 
  not to deport people to soviet union . 
  but i have to ask , what in your naive mind was the alternative to doing what ever the victorious soviets asked for ? 
   as far as i can see , finland gave that to the soviet union as appeasement . 
  and i see it as a direct result of the defeat in the continuation war . 
  we lost and had to do everything the soviet ordered us to do . 
   so i 'm still curious how you can claim appeasement worked for finland it did . 
  finland was n't occupied , unlike many eastern european nations . 
   russia does n't need an excuse to roll into ukraine . 
  any excuses they concoct will be as flimsy as the crimea one . 
  i think it very much looks like they are waiting for ukrainians to fight back to get the excuse to roll into ukraine . 
  but who knows what their real goals are , beyond crimea . 
   as to the deportations , i seem to recall reading once that following the continuation war , the soviet union insisted finland deport all the baltic people staying as refugees in finland to the soviet union , and that finland complied . 
  these people were pretty much executed en masse.no know that sweden did something like this , and i have a vivid recollection that finland did as well . 
  yeah , we were forced to deport refugees and prisoners of war to soviet union , even though we knew they would be badly treated . 
  but that was n't appeasement . 
  that was because we were defeated . 
  we lost the war and had to do what soviet union ( and allies as a whole ) demanded . 
  you are right . 
  because we had a stable government and the means to defend ourselves . 
  soviet union did n't get to sneak into finland , invade a part of it ( part which populace supports the invader ) and then sit there , waiting to make their next move . 
  and ussr 's mission was n't to invade a little bit , but instead to occupy finland completely . 
  so there really was no room for appeasement . 
  the pros and cons of each action should be calculated separately every time . 
  because certain action worked one time , does n't mean it will work the next and vice versa . 
   surely you jest . 
  says the one throwing the hitler card around ...  the point is at the status quo remains whilst western pressure increases . 
  like i said in other comments , i know this is a possible strategy , but i think the risk vs. the possibility of pulling it off are n't in favor of it . 
  after the referendum i think there 's very little chance that russians are going to pull out of there . 
   if russia then turns to violence in crimea , it does n't necessarily follow that the violence spreads to the east of ukraine . 
  not necessarily . 
  but i was talking more about how russians might be looking for an excuse to start rolling into the rest of ukraine . 
   you take the view that anything ukraine does is bad , whilst anything russia does ... well , just deal with it . 
  yeah , no . 
  i think there are no good options for ukraine now . 
  only options with more or less bad outcomes . 
  and i condemn what russia has done . 
  they had no right to challenge ukrainian sovereignty . 
   forgive me if i 'm wrong , but did n't that result in thousands of baltic people being deported back to the soviet union and executed following the second world war ? 
  well i 'm glad to say that you most certainly are wrong . 
  i could try to correct you if you told me what lead you to believe that it was because of finns that baltic people got deported ?
