  the population of norway and sweden combined is around 15 million , whereas the us population is around 326 million . 
  why not compare percentage of gdp used on social welfare , if you want to make some sort of a point ? 
  that sounds interesting . 
  i was under the assumption this is because the uk counts a lot more as `` violent '' crimes than the us . 
  if you take out stabbings by alcoholics , finnish numbers drop a lot . 
  but is there really any sense in taking out some something like that ? 
  does n't it also paint a misleading picture of the situation ? 
  has n't the homicide rate fallen in most of the west anyway ? 
  would that mean expanding the range too ? 
  as in , are there counties in the us that are more violent than what the legend is showing here , in a significant way ? 
  ( as in , way over 7 or so . ), 
  as a friendly swede already pointed out , we do add vitamin d to dairy products . 
  we 're a bunch of milk drinkers , so it helps some . 
  we do share some unfortunate traits with our eastern neighbour . 
  estonia : thanks for existing . 
  we love you guys so much . 
  you 're our real bros. 
   finland ... you 're cool . 
  this is correct . 
  russia , why ca n't you just be cool ? 
  trade not hate . 
  - finland, 
  makes sense . 
  though i see it as a pretty reasonable move , consider what the level of ` conversation ' often is in news site comments , even when it 's not about something as fiery and divisive as immigrants . 
  moderating a clusterfuck like that could be not worth the effort . 
  if it was likely that they had done this to force the conversation in one direction or the other , then it would be sketchy and despicable , but to me it seems more likely that the level of discussion was what made them shut it down . 
  but that 's just my two cents on the issue . 
  it was n't really directed towards you , but to the guy i replied to who questioned there being enough families , period . 
  those actually fleeing a war could be coming from iraq too ( as mentioned in the article ) . 
  or libya . 
  is is active and fighting in both of those regions , not just syria . 
   in january , the group assisted 347 people , mostly men from iraq , to leave the country , said gunter ecker , director of the verein . 
  in 2015 , they helped about 2,500 people fly home but i 'm not sure if anyone said they 're all fleeing a war either . 
  from the article it becomes pretty clear that they 're not all fleeing because of war but seeking better future . 
  it 's an interesting read . 
  certainly there 's enough families coming in to fill one house . 
  though the majority of people coming over are young men , but there 's still plenty of families too . 
  i do n't understand . 
  why is that a reason to not post articles from them ? 
  many respectable news sites do n't even have comments sections in the first place . 
  kinda weird joke , when no one has implied they 're all from syria . 
  more likely to be a genuine mistake than anything else . 
  not much point in censoring that one point , or even censoring the speech at all . 
  i mean , it would be kinda hilarious . 
  i doubt it will happen , but if it did , oh man . 
  would n't that be something . 
  if gw bush 's comedic legacy is any indication , we would in for quite a ride . 
  as if we would n't laugh even harder if you make trump your president . 
  they should n't be making such claims about finland if they 're unaware of such a major thing relating to that claim . 
  i 've seen * plenty * of people here bitching about how europe ( ans ) * force * the us to spend money on their military in europe . 
  as a side note , someone in here told me to be grateful that the us is paying for my defence so we finns can have the level of welfare we now do . 
  which is pretty hilarious thing to say to a finn . 
  no one is forcing you to pay for it . 
  but you still do and bitch about us making you pay . 
  thanks , us . 
  it 's a sweet deal . 
  not to this sub . 
   norwegian or finnish seems like an odd guess since those languages are very different . 
  like guessing english and russian . 
  sure , but the two are so different that it 's a bit silly to compare them as equal . 
  but it being friday , i 'm going to be a little silly and ask : is n't it a big difference between the two that when fishing without permission , you get all the benefits of the system , but when entering illegally , you do n't get all the benefits . 
  most of which are reserved for the citizens and out of your reach , unlike when fishing illegally , when if it 's a good day you 'll be hauling all the benefits . 
  it 's a silly comparison , but it 's fun to think of , outside of serious political discussion . 
  nothing new , really . 
  benevolent dictatorship would be awesome as long as i get what i want and the dictator is actually competent and benevolent from my pov . 
  but what if i do n't get what i want ? 
  well , i guess i 'll join the army , be introduced to a fraternal organization of revolutionary officers , launch a coup d'etat and do thing like i want them to be done . 
  `` perfect dictatorship is better than flawed democracy . '', 
  the problem i have with the democracy vs. autocracy debate is that it 's usually argued from a flawed standpoint . 
  autocracy would be fantastic if the autocrat was benevolent , informed and so on . 
  sure . 
  but so often that 's not the case . 
  at least in a flawed democracy the people can do something about it , without having to resort to violence . 
  i see g\u00e4vle is already preparing for next christmas . 
  everyone does that to a degree though . 
  everyone seems to think their government more or less sucks and is run by idiots . 
  does n't matter where you are , what type of system there is , black , white , left-wing , right-wing , muslim or christian . 
  there will always be a sizeable part of the population that looks at news headlines and think `` we 're governed by idiots '' . 
  i 've talked to people from different parts of the world and the one unifying factor seems to be `` fucking politicians '' . 
  there have been truck lines spanning over hundred kilometers in finnish-russian border . 
  no schengen there . 
  imagine being in a traffic jam for days . 
  georgia was towed outside the environment . 
  economic downturn hit rohan hard . 
  the borders of europe are a bit vague and there 's a lot of room for debate ( even going so fat as questioning whether europe is a continent or not ) , but if we go with the most common definition , it 's certainly part of europe . 
  d\u00f6ts \u00e4nd pr\u00e5ud !, 
  hah , how * dare * you !, 
  also , gib back national anthem !, 
  i wanted to be nice . 
  i could 've called him a fucking weirdo ( really , check out his other videos ) , but i think eccentric is a much nicer way to put it . 
  at least it 's * our * gibberish , not something borrowed from our neighbor !, 
  but really , that man is drunk . 
  every language sounds like gibberish when the speakers is blasted . 
  i doubt he 'd have any trouble doing that . 
  his house is a fucking dump . 
  pasi viheraho is a famous `` village idiot '' of sorts . 
  he 's a very eccentric man . 
   did you read the article ? 
  what do you think ? 
  everyone in here just jumps to comments to shout based on what the title says .
