  tax the shit out of fast food and fattening foods and drinks . 
  put in place incentives and otherwise promote healthier foods . 
  teach healthy eating in schools ( not very effective immediately , but i think it ingrains the idea in people 's minds ) . 
  campaigns about the health concerns of obesity . 
  i know that those are n't things that you can implement willy nilly and have no unseen consequences . 
  just some things that come in mind . 
  i wonder what countries with healthier citizens have done right . 
  i guess it could be both , but trying to prevent moonshine business seems completely valid reason alone . 
  after all , it 's a big problem in russia . 
   illuminati-zion-symbol i knew it . 
  better report to / r/european and / r/conspiracy . 
  this is the evidence we have been waiting for . 
  `` hey y' all people in the us , i recently found out about my heritage and i would to know more about it !, 
  i 'm 1/32 american and i 'm planning on visiting the us one day !, 
  as an american-irish , what are some things i should know about and what cities should i visit ? 
  also , why does n't the us do things like the irish do ? 
  i like hamburgers and nasa and i rooted for you in the olympics !, 
  bye y' all ! '', 
  you see this ( in reverse ) so goddamn often . 
  probably the point where people rise up and start fighting immigration with guns . 
  i 'm having hard time seeing that happen , since most europeans are n't behind these terrorists and their beliefs . 
  sounds more like a racist dream . 
  this sadly seems the case . 
  a lot of apologists in here . 
  and people more or less justifying this . 
  `` well what do you expect with immigration rates this high ? '', 
  it 's now 87 % , which seems lower than bad news about muslims . 
  usually news about the police catching terrorists are higher . 
  racists vs. the rest ? 
  check out / r/european . 
  it 's awful . 
  i 'm not trying to defend fifa here , nothing like that ( seriously , fuck them ) , but do we have any proof ? 
  i know the general feeling is that they 're corrupt as fuck and it really * seems * like that , but has anything proving that they are or that they took bribes in this case surfaced ? 
  i too think that they took bribes , but i 'm just interested if there 's some proof of it . 
  kinda sad if after all the previous arrests , talk about slavery and whatnot , what opens our eyes is westerners getting arrested . 
  i do n't think most people in either place wants that . 
  i know i sure as hell do n't . 
   easy as that right . 
  easy as that . 
  this is a surprisingly dumb and childish comment , even for this sub . 
  probably even harder when i was n't really arguing with the last comment , rather joking about how `` do n't hate the players , hate the game '' is such a realpolitik thing and russia is famous for its realpolitik . 
  that 's such a realpolitik thing to say that i have no doubt that russians of all people are aware of it . 
  i can actually see this in their official statement when the next bomber of theirs flies close to sovereign airspace . 
   nato is a defensive pact . 
  i 'd say you 're going to have hard time convincing the russians ( among others ) of this , though . 
  especially with nato creeping closer and closer to russia , country by country encircling them . 
  ( though ca n't really blame the countries neighboring russia for seeking nato protection . ), 
  the west is a lot more subtle with their propaganda . 
  i 'd say it 's more about what 's not told , unlike with russia , where it 's about the ( often falsified ) news being told . 
   well , clearly the nato has been no threat to russia . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  nato has probably not been as threatening towards russia as russia has been towards nato , but russia and nato are pretty much mortal enemies . 
  ( though there was a short time of warmer relations , as you pointed out . ), 
  it would probably be better to say that nato is * threatening * for russians , instead of being a real threat . 
  i 'm cautious because russians `` know '' that it 's the west doing shit in ukraine and not them . 
  and we `` know '' the opposite . 
  i have no doubt that the west ~ ~ is n't ~ ~ is more in the right here , but makes you wonder what we really `` know '' . 
  e : `` is n't '' to `` is '' . 
  whoops . 
  i was n't calling this case propaganda . 
  ( i did read the other comments before commenting . ), 
  it was more of a general , hangover-y pondering . 
  i have no doubt there is * some * propaganda out there , which we believe . 
  rather than calling this propaganda , i was wondering what that propaganda we believe and they in russia/outside of the west `` know '' is n't true is . 
  it 's a cool city to visit . 
  i would definitely recommend . 
  you 'd think he would n't have to jump through loops to make nato look like russia 's enemy . 
  makes me wonder what might the western propaganda that we believe be . 
  surely it must be something subtle like this . 
  the whole thing is ridiculous . 
  no one is forcing them to spend their money on military instead of social programs . 
  and they certainly are n't stationing troops in europe for selfless reasons . 
  and they did n't loan western europe money out of the good was of their hearts . 
  the whole excuse about us `` holding them back '' is just ridiculous . 
  also , i know it 's a common mistake , but finland is n't actually a part of scandinavia . 
  finland is a nordic country , but not a scandinavian one . 
  it 's a big and vague group in the sense that there 's all kinds of anarchists , from left and right , even though leftist anarchists are more common . 
  if you ask ( some ) americans , they ca n't be `` socialist '' like us with free healthcare and whatnot because they 're paying so much for our defence . 
  and some even say that they 're pretty much doing it because freedom and democracy . 
  ( also , `` we saved your asses in ww2 ! '' ), 
  as a finn , it 's kinda puzzling . 
  we are n't in the nato . 
  and we kinda fought in the axis side . 
  thank you for your service , i guess ... 
  that / r/polandball stuff is n't the best for trying to make a serious point . 
  smash asem was at least portrayed as such . 
  yeah , that 's just fucked up and barbaric . 
  waiting for a comment from varusteleka . 
  no , it would n't . 
  it would most likely escalate things and cause these groups to be more popular . 
  their message would certainly be more popular when they could show how the police is using excessive force against them . 
  thinking that violence would solve this is just naive and even dangerous . 
  these guys seems to be leftists , but that does n't mean all anarchists are . 
  there are rightist anarchist groups too . 
  anarchists come from left and right . 
  it 's a pretty big and vague group . 
  what was the idiotic part ? 
  are n't they just saying that they are n't a single organization but rather an umbrella organization for groups that oppose this expo ? 
  he is n't wrong . 
  people * would * notice your linux group , after something like that .
