  well the ( ( ( globalists ) ) ) of course !, 
  `` i will * finnish * this thread hahahahahahaha '' kill me . 
  often what leads to these types of questions being asked is a combination of three factors : wealth , confidence and ignorance . 
  you need to be wealthy enough to travel , ignorant enough to not know these things but also confident enough to straight up ask about them . 
  and there 's a proud tradition of combining the three in the us . 
  were n't they already in ireland ? 
  you must be thinking of the band milan milan, 
   boxer-shorts yeah i do n't get it either . 
  and the huge basketball shorts people use when they go swimming . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  though i guess they 're all packing some serious heat downstrairs to warrant all the space . 
  no thanks , haha, 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  i 'm 24 and most people i know still enjoy that kind of stuff . 
  i do n't think people really expect people of our age to be all that mature , haha . 
  well , probably , yeah . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with being immature from time to time . 
  how old are you ? 
  but most of the time , regular people do n't really see anything relating to organizing crime in their daily lives ( or ever ) and there 's only an article here and there about them , so people do n't really even hear about them . 
  once a week , approximately . 
  yeah , i 'm happy too . 
  20 $ / month and basically unlimited everything . 
  though it 's a `` limited time only '' offer and while expire after i think 18 months . 
  so , i have half a year still to go . 
  and last time i had that deal , i browsed their site to look for a different plan and mentioned in that pop up customer service window that i was doing so . 
  and suddenly i got 18 months added to my limited time offer . 
  nice . 
  and somehow you 're being completely irrational, 
  huh . 
  why do you think that ? 
  i 'm not too into f1 not were i when he was still driving , so i would n't know . 
  hah , i instantly knew why, 
  unless people oppose it , then they would be benevolently massacred to keep everyone in line with the leader/you . 
  sorry , i must 've been drunk, 
   true : we genuinely do not like small talk , socialising with strangers or having our extraordinarily large personal space invaded . 
  you will become our mortal enemy if you sit next to us on the bus . 
  it 's funny , we in finland consider you as way too talkative and social , haha . 
  it 's a great gun . 
  not the most modern or anything , but as far as simple shooting and maintenance goes , it 's great . 
  handles well enough and is pretty accurate . 
  a fun little gun for sure and cool looking on top of that . 
  no such luck for us . 
  though i do n't usually pay much attention to the performances ( many of which look cool , i 'll admit ) , i just like the scoring part . 
  this time i did n't watch , i had a feeling we would n't make it . 
  my gf watched it though and judged every performance very harshly , haha, 
  haha , shit , meant to type * neat * of course, 
  neat * would be a pretty apt translation for it , imo . 
  it was pretty frustrating to watch , but our loss against denmark was way worse . 
  also , losing to sweden 5-6 was pretty fucking bad , but that has already been mentioned . 
  i go across the road to a school 's gym , wait in line for a bit , show my id at a table where they verify it , get a ballot , go in the voting booth , write the number of my chosen candidate , get out of the booth and go the a table on the other side of the room , get my ballot stamped and put it in a box . 
  then i 'll have an election beer or coffee at home , depending on the time of day i voted in . 
  hey , same as mine , nice, 
  goddamn barbarians, 
  it 's not particularly exciting when it comes to taste . 
  it * seems * exciting , kinda like kangaroo or ostrich , but does n't taste very interesting imo . 
  strange . 
  i ca n't really see that . 
  i do n't think we have many awful dishes that would qualify us for the worst . 
  our food is bland and sometimes not very aesthetic , just your run-of-the-mill peasant food , but worst ? 
  like , it 's not * bad * imo , just not very exciting . 
  i guess we could be the worst if everyone else was `` above average '' in the sense that they have bland food * and * stuff that 's really good , without having actual awful dishes . 
  what 's the issue with blood pancakes though ? 
  like , i get that our food does n't look very nice and it 's pretty bland since it 's almost all `` peasant food '' , but why are blood pancakes bad ? 
  i think it looks pretty magical . 
  it 's like some fantasy berry with magic healing properties or some shit . 
   polish vodka is better than russian vodka pffftttt, 
  i mean , he was just following orders, 
  it might be heresy to you , but it 's oh so tasty heresy . 
  blue cheese works really , really well with kebab . 
  and having it in a roll and with a fun name is definitely a plus . 
  it 's a pretty common item on the kebab & pizza place menu from what i 've seen . 
  and it 's delicious !, 
  somehow the blue cheese and the kebab work so well together . 
  kebab roll with blue cheese , aurarulla is truly the most glorious thing there has ever been, 
   i personally think it should be a career choice and not mandatory . 
  it can still be a career choice , it 's just that now a large number of people are selected for a short-ish `` crash course '' in addition to professional soldiers . 
   also , what are the reasons for reintroduction ? 
  it ca n't be good . 
  i think it 's unfortunately you guys . 
  the relationship between russia and europe has really deteriorated . 
  of course it 's not the only reason , but it certainly plays a part . 
   oh those volunteers who ran the animal shelter ? 
  nope they 're conscripts now and *** the animals got put down *** . 
  the volunteers who visited your grandma weekly because you refuse to ? 
  conscripted - *** your grandma will now die miserable and alone . 
  *** jesus christ , why not put `` think of the children ! '', 
  there with the other hyperboles , wowzer, 
  for me , conscription made me much more pro-peace and pro-neutrality . 
  i guess it was the realization that i 'd be one of those people fighting and dying if shit hit the fan . 
  also made me think about other conflicts , how it 's people like me who are fighting and dying in those and how i would personally deal with it . 
  i think ( just my opinion ) if anything , conscription makes those who are in the reserves less likely to demand war when they 're the ones having to fight in it . 
  though it could depend on where they served and what kind of brainwashing they got . 
  the most that i got out of our propaganda is that we 'd be really fucked if we were attacked and that we probably should do everything we can to ensure that wo n't happen . 
  holy shit , haha, 
   until we can reach the point where armies are n't needed at all , i prefer they consist of normal people than people who actively chose that life . 
  i think it 's a pretty good way to keep people from warmongering , when they would be the ones taking part in said war . 
  not that i feel like there 's a lot of warmongering left in finland apart from some irredentist whackjobs . 
  18 for drinking . 
  rules for buying are : in bars , restaurants etc everything is 18 . 
  in stores you 're allowed to buy stuff under 21 % when you 're 18 and over that when you 're 20 .
