   as stated in the article . 
  you think the level of discussion would be this if anyone read the articles ? 
  swedes are just lazy , they did n't even falsify a reason to start shelling ukrainians . 
  with money . 
  real weak , sweden . 
  real weak . 
  i guess you were n't on our side then . 
  pick up that b\u00f6rk . 
  link to the conscription article would 've been better suited imo . 
  but yes , i 'm aware of the american system . 
  wikipedia puts all those countries ( us , uk , france ) in the `` no enforced conscription '' category though , rather than `` conscription '' category . 
  which is a worthwhile distinction in my mind . 
  i 'm aware . 
  but for most of the world ( afaik ) , conscription means having a mandatory military service and then being in the reserve . 
  the us system seems more like a voluntary service with an option for conscription , rather than a `` real '' conscription system . 
  but yeah , the word probably has a pretty different meaning to you than it does to us . 
  are threats enough of a reason to take greece to the court though ? 
  seems to me like it would n't be , but i really do n't know . 
   conscription , or drafting , is the compulsory enlistment of people in a national service , most often a military service . 
  [ 5 ] conscription dates back to antiquity and continues in some countries to the present day under various names . 
  the modern system of near-universal national conscription for young men dates to the french revolution in the 1790s , where it became the basis of a very large and powerful military . 
  most european nations later copied the system in peacetime , so that men at a certain age would serve 1 -- 8 years on active duty and then transfer to the reserve force . 
  men of certain age serving full time in the military for a set period of time and then being transferred to the reserve force . 
  sounds like conscription to me . 
  yeah , we can hope . 
  but overall , it 's a pretty damn risky strategy . 
  more troops on both sides of the border is doing just that though . 
  but in this particular case , it 's hard to blame the americans . 
  also , making movies about it . 
  but i guess that is covered by the second point . 
  estonia !, 
  after which you 're put in the reserve and called upon when the need arises . 
  it 's conscription . 
  i feel it has a different connotation in the us though . 
  you think these fools spouting nonsense here read the article ? 
  this comment is pretty funny once you realize that you 're going all nk worldview here yourself . 
  l seriously doubt this will go further than ( pretty ) empty threats . 
  mit\u00e4s vittua , i have never heard that . 
  sounds damn silly !, 
  you can actually get it from verkkokauppa.com, 
  convention , mostly . 
  ural mountains and so on have been considered to be the european border for quite some time now . 
  and it 's the most common way to draw the borders . 
  that 's no real basis for it , it just kinda is . 
  `` the hansa '', 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  but it is what it is . 
  a lot of countries are in eu and a lot of are in nato . 
  but saying that us is our friend and ally is going a bit far ... 
  the us is n't hostile towards us finns , but we are n't allies . 
  ( and we do n't want to be . ), 
  then there 's countries like russia and belarus ... as a sidenote , apparently we still should all be grateful for them . 
  without their benevolent protection , we would n't have social services and whatnot . 
  i mean , man , what ... 
  i do n't hate you for sitting , i just do n't respect you . 
  europe is n't the same as eu or nato though . 
  those are floor dots , you barbarian . 
  not just a wine label , the label of crappy fortified wine that 's a favorite of alcoholics , thanks to its good alcohol-to-money ratio . 
  i used to always browse isokaato when friday came , to check out prices and reviews . 
  now that i have some ... experience myself and the prices are available in alko website , i have n't visited that site for a long time . 
  i get that . 
  but the problem is that half of them are not , which make them seem obnoxiously snobby . 
  and partly because of that , i 'd say a lot of people do n't know when it 's tongue in cheek and when it 's not . 
  i get what they 're going for with the rule and all , but as you said , it 's very popular at this point , so i feel like it 's doing more harm than good . 
  maybe it would be better to have more moderators or something , to deal with the issue and influx of people rather than trying to prevent people from linking to it/prevent people from finding it in the first place . 
  exactly , so goddamn subtle . 
  - / r/movies, 
  yeah . 
  some people in that sub really are assholes , no question about it . 
  i just feel like the `` 1 % '' of that sub makes it so that they all seem kinda assholes who take their memes way too seriously . 
  ( and with `` 1 % '' i mean the mods and the most active people in there , so those who are running it/have the biggest impact on it or are the loudest . ), 
  and it just causes unnecessary hostility towards the sub . 
  people feel like they 're being snobby and whatnot with the `` super secret club '' and trying to claim ownership of the whole meme thing . 
  subtle . 
  very subtle . 
  took me a long time to figure out you were trolling . 
  that should just redirect to / r/polandball , so people could actually link it without a shitstorm . 
  what a delicious way to go . 
  that 's something , right ? 
  well had to grab those lands while we could . 
  ca n't risk fine coastal property being ruled by dirty papists , after all . 
  is it really forgotten about ? 
  it 's pretty significant part of european history , i remember hearing about it in few occasions in school . 
  one of the high points of sweden 's though . 
  good thing they did then . 
  dirty papists !, 
  well okay , unfortunately that was the smallest point for me , the other factors being more important . 
  i did read it , i just did n't think i needed to comment it further . 
  i said that you * can * disregard the un/eu laws and treaties , implying that it 's doable if you consider the benefits bigger than the repercussions . 
  but unless the un and the eu are changing their positions , it means going against them . 
  well , the un/unhcr treaties do bind us , being signatories to it . 
  and eu laws and decisions bind us through common decisions , even if they 're not unanimous ( though some have that requirement ) . 
  you * can * disregard them , but as the article mentioned , there 's consequences for that too . 
  same as with most laws and agreements . 
  there was a problem before merkel really got involved . 
  being signatories in 1951 refugee convention and whatnot , being close to the conflict and one of the richest area of the world and very stable are what made eu such a tempting target . 
  the problem is made worse by not having a common policy on the issue , but the eu is still such a tempting target that without drastic measures , it 's hard to lower our value in the eyes of those seeking to come here . 
  ( including both legitimate asylum seekers and migrants . ), 
  how would it have stemmed the refugee flow ? 
  we did it so far and did n't stem anyrhing .
