  it can be pretty infuriating . 
  east-germany . 
  they 're a great country to emulate . 
  i meant in the sense that if they 're banned , they can play the victim card and will probably see a surge in popularity . 
  if they are n't , they have just been legitimized and can continue on . 
  whatever the outcome , it 's a win for the far-right . 
  they get all the benefits of that deal without any repercussions for not doing their part . 
  it might not be the nicest thing to take advantage of that , but it 's kinda nice for them . 
  sounds like a fantastic deal for germany . 
  right . 
  russia is going to steamroll through poland and crush germany , any moment now . 
  or are they going to pipe their troops through nord stream ? 
  i get why poland would be a bit concerned , bordering kaliningrad and union state belarus , but germany ? 
  come on now . 
  it 's been a while since the soviet union collapsed . 
  there are some legitimate problems and threats germany is facing , imminent russian invasion is n't one of them . 
  nothing so far . 
  seems like it would be ironic only if this thread actually got censored . 
  but that has n't happened , so far . 
  i think much of this mess could 've been solved if eu made a serious effort to work together and enforced the rules and laws that already exist . 
  all governments are left-wing when there 's problems with immigration . 
  how is it ironic that you assumed that this thread would be nuked ? 
  alliance with russia would probably do the trick . 
  i 'd say it 's still on to some degree . 
  we try to not purposefully piss of our neighbors and try to have good relations with them . 
  but that 's just politics and it 's what most countries do . 
  but we 're certainly not as intimidated or eager to please them as we once were and we 're not going out of our way to do what they want or what we think they might want at some point . 
  and that 's definitely a good thing . 
  i 'd say this rhetoric russia is using is aimed more towards their domestic audience than us anyway . 
  but i still really wish we could do away with this bullshit and just do business with them . 
  we 're eager to sell them shit and they 're eager to buy shit from us . 
  we could just settle the tough guy crap in the hockey rink . 
   the battle was decided in 20 minutes by the devastating charge of polish -- lithuanian cavalry , the winged hussars . 
  damn . 
  winged hussars op , pls nerf, 
  sounds like an interesting study , i 'd like very much to see it . 
  i 'd personally like to finally see a referendum on the issue . 
  to really put the support for pro- and anti-sides to the test . 
  it would also most likely force the different parties to take a stand in the issue . 
  also regarding the study , nato question affects partly who people who and that affects what the government 's position is . 
  that 's one interesting factor in studying something like this . 
  that could be used as an argument for either side . 
  but either way , there is a lot of pressure to put that question to referendum and whether people really think it through or not , it 's probably what decides the whole thing . 
  did n't end well for us though ... fucking poltava . 
  but we did give those damn danes , poles and russian a damn good trashing , that 's for sure . 
   you stopped them last time momentarily , but they did break through at the end in winter war . 
  but during both winter war and continuation war we succeeded thanks to some exceptional conditions . 
  red army being in an awful shape and the winter being really harsh during winter war and the big-h being a bigger target during continuation war . 
  few in finland think those exceptional conditions would occur again . 
  and even fewer at the top are relying on that . 
  besides , russia is n't soviet union and if we 're thinking of winter war , that 's an advantage for them . 
  their military is n't comparatively as much in the shitter as it was when winter war began . 
  i think the problem for the military alliance would be to 1 , get both of our countries to support it and 2 , to get both countries to seriously commit to it . 
  i 'd like to see that happen , but i 'm pretty pessimistic . 
  i think the best way for them keep us out of nato would be to not bother us . 
  most people do n't want to join anyway , so why are they pushing us ? 
  come on russia , let 's just do business and drop this fucking tough guy act . 
  most of finns do n't want that though . 
  you ask too many questions . 
  also , just put shit in a spreadsheet and call it a day . 
  i 'm just disappointed that you do the banter in-house these days . 
  see europeans , this is why we need to kill the ttip !, 
  soon all bantz will be done by huge us conglomerates !, 
  fuck you economic migrants !, 
  all you do is rape and pillage !, 
  russia is financially supporting the far right parties , iran is supporting a leftist ( far left ? ), 
  party , i 'm sure americans and the chinese are supporting some other groups ... how can we be in a poor economic situation when everyone is just pouring in money ? 
  what would `` united kingdom '' be ? 
  that 's good then . 
  i was worried i was getting into an argument which i know nothing of , heh . 
  i 'm not trying to argue anything , i was just trying to clarify what i think he was trying to say . 
  could the difference be because danish kids want to learn it and since danish speaking part of the internet is n't as big as the francophone part and so on , they spend more time immersed in english language than the french ? 
  willingness to learn and putting it to good use more often can make a world of difference . 
  hell , i 'm supposed to know swedish but i was a pisshead teenager and refused to properly learn it , not to mention never really using it either . 
  ( oh how i regret that now . ), 
  i think he meant native english speakers that live in hungary . 
  not native english speakers around the world . 
  the middle one is how savonian people say `` good day '' . 
  it 's a joke about how the company of a drunkard is preferable to someone from savonia . 
  i edited the last panel from this polandball comic : http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/947/133/486.png, 
  taken in front of pikkuparlamentti ( `` small parliament '' , an extension building to our actual parliament building ) . 
  i 've spent many breaks sitting on those benches . 
  it 's a nice little park . 
  [ location on street view . 
  `` dear god be a drunk , be a drunk ... '' `` hyvvee p\u00e4evee '' `` oh goddammit '', 
   do n't want in anyway do n't you dare to lie to me, 
   `` why is this guy talking to me , i dont know him '' why * would * you randomly talk to a stranger ? 
  my biggest gripe with these asylum seekers is that sometimes they have the nerve to approach me in public . 
  `` excuse me , where could i find ... '' stand back you vile beast or i swear to god i 'm voting true finns next time, 
   one arm get out of my personal space, 
  you do n't get to mock us in this matter , ireland . 
  not you . 
  oh no you did n't, 
  that sounds awful . 
  how can you even hear your own gloominess over all that ruckus ? 
  i stare at my own shoes but that 's still a compliment . 
  it 's where my mirror is . 
  if scotland gets in , i want estonia to get in too !, 
  just thinking of this brings a manly finnish tear to my eye . 
  as long as it 's not an opinion fad , i 'm all for it .
