counter revolutionaries not like it was a very crazy thought at the time , though . 
  `` you know that sweet palace you were supposed to be getting ? 
  yeah ... 
  i about that ... '', 
  not really . 
  glass and steel all the way for most , i 'd say . 
  stockmann is pretty cool though . 
   barrack osama you mean barracks hussein osama ? 
  it 's a constant struggle . 
  one full summer , unfortunately . 
  it 's really dark during all of winter and really bright during summers . 
  what happened today ? 
  we have daylight all day every day during summer ... kinda annoying . 
  he really looks like he 's thinking : `` who the hell is this jackass ? '', 
  just hope germany does n't hear about this ... 
  ouch ... 
  you guys have some swanky shopping malls . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  only russia of those is a major country . 
  maybe poland too if we go with `` major european country '' . 
  i do n't think it qualifies if they have n't been given specific orders on how to vote . 
  the staff is n't a monolith . 
  it certainly would n't hurt being critical towards all sources , even when they happen to echo your personal views . 
  and i really think people should watch/read rt from time to time . 
  not because it 's a good source of news ( it really is n't , at least when it comes to russia ) , but because it would help to understand what the `` other side '' is thinking . 
  vodka belt approves . 
  i 'd like to think they 're above advice animals . 
  they have to be , they have to ... 
  dick de cock . 
  for real ? 
  farrege is trolling us all . 
  as of now , he is the one pushing them to shop abroad . 
  and nothing wrong with that !, 
  and it 's equally silly . 
  truly one of our finest hours . 
  suck it , berlusconi !, 
  it has similar gamey taste . 
  i remember someone from the uk actually using this as an insult towards us finns ... how bizarre . 
  `` you guys eat reindeers ! '', 
  `` yeah . . ? '', 
  you do n't need a source , really , when it 's an opinion . 
  i think . 
  and other related puns , all for free , over at redditdotcom !, 
  saving all the post work fap to his reddit account , of course . 
  is it a rule that fragge 's name has to be written differently every time ? 
  very true , i agree all the way . 
  i for one , would like to say : thank you european parliament . 
  for such a huge pile of bureaucracy and conflicting opinions , you have done well . 
  ( and i honestly mean that in the best of ways . 
  i 'm amazed that such a big machine , with a lot of bureaucracy and a huge amount of conflicting opinions is able to get anything done . 
  and not only have they got shit done , they 've got good shit done . 
  well done . 
  i 'm a happy european . ), 
   from mobile phone charges they sound pretty ineffective to me . 
  you 'd think the * corporate * lobbyist you probably think of would 've been against such a thing as scrapping roaming charges . 
  i actually like the european parliament . 
  they 've done a lot of good imo . 
  it 's just that when they do something right , hardly anyone noticed . 
  it 's the bullshit stories that gets people 's attention . 
  also , fucking everyone on the planet seems to think parliament ( any of them ) does shit at all , no matter how hard they 've worked . 
  all the vodka . 
  come on brother , let us have this one . 
  free all the way through . 
  thanks !, 
  we 're very proud of our education system . 
  we too in / r/finland suspected that this might be the real reason they 're now doing well . 
  a motivated teacher can make a hell of a difference . 
  this is actually something that has been talked about a lot in finland . 
  that we should be exporting our school model , since it 's working really well apparently . 
  i 'd say the problem is n't with satire but rather the repetition . 
  from what i 've heard , belgians really hate it ( well , are annoyed at least ) when people say in bruges quotes to them . 
  same thing with people from kansas and the wizard of oz . 
  he was an old-fashioned and kinda odd guy . 
  but i do n't honestly know . 
  it was in our books and everything and i do n't think our books were almost as old as i am ... 
  i learned some german in mid 00s in finland , \u00df was definitely what they taught us ... 
  a lot of people still missed it , which is just sad . 
  i think people who have n't read the article , should n't comment . 
  the title is usually very vague and occasionally , thanks to clickbait , bullshit . 
  though i suspect some people commenting in here are just plain incapable of rational thought . 
  i know , i was talking about people in here who wish that they 'd be denied access back to the uk and/or their citizenship would be revoked . 
  i think they should absolutely be allowed back to face the consequences they deserve . 
  denying them access back or revoking their citizenship would not only be highly questionable ( putting it mildly ) when it comes to `` innocent until proven guilty '' but it would also be only creating a bunch of stateless ( former ? ), 
  jihadists , which would certainly only make things worse . 
   still `` punishment '' is pretty relative yes , it is . 
  it 's relative to what we have as a nation decided it is . 
   if they were on their way back to the us , then fair enough . 
  i 'd doubt they 'd get a ( fair ) trial , so i would be against letting the us have them . 
  or is gitmo exactly what you had in mind ? 
  where they would be subjected to inhumane conditions and treated like animals . 
  ( very much like these barbarians treat their prisoners . ), 
   but the uk ? 
  come on . 
  whats the worst thats awaiting them ? 
  15 years in a cushy cell , if that ? 
  i do n't know what the sentences are in where you are from , but 15 years is fucking long time to be without freedom . 
  which is the real punishment in jailing someone . 
  and it should certainly be enough time to rehabilitate a person . 
  ( which is the basis of all modern penal policies . 
  rehabilitation , not punishment . ),
