  \u00c5land , you have no say in this matter . 
  just invite obama over again . 
  `` you do this one more time and i 'm selling them to finland ! '', 
  `` haha , you would n't dare ! '', 
  perfect for us though . 
  for taking back the rightful clay west of the urals ... 
  we 're honestly really damn happy about this deal . 
  i think your coins are cute . 
  though i 'm usually somehow feeling more emotional and full of life when i encounter them . 
  there 's an ocean on top of her head and a crown is sailing in it . 
  what a silly name for a queen . 
  we had training too , i 'd day a little more professional than theirs , but it still happened . 
  the less experienced ones probably have marks from training , the more experienced ones from fighting . 
  i think it 's more beneficial to compare our racism situation to our own attitudes before than to other continents or places . 
   they are caused by actual issues to a degree , yes . 
   i would n't say they dominate this sub either . 
  i 'd say whether or not they 're dominating , they 're damn `` loud '' . 
  this video has everything . 
  `` allahu snackbar '' type of stuff , the accent , the dude wheezing and snickering behind the camera , `` hit like if you aint a dirt squirrel '' ... jesus . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  of course people want to shoot them or let them starve . 
   going to lybia and destroying the boats this is going to be such a clusterfuck . 
  how are we going to determine which boats are used for smuggling or carrying immigrants and so on ? 
  mark my words , this operation is going to be a real shitshow . 
  starting with the fact that there 's two governments in libya as of now and we have to recognize one over the another or do some kind of magic not to cause further problems in the region . 
  and i doubt it will succeed . 
  it 's going to be a costly mistake and it will bite us in the ass . 
   after you send the migrants back to safety so , to europe ? 
  because they sure as hell are n't safe in libya . 
  i 'm sorry for you british if your prisons will make the inmates go crazy . 
  i think our post-2001 security agencies are more than capable of preventing * thousands * of militants from coming here and infiltrating our cities . 
  i 'd say we 're pretty close to the point where increasing the powers of the security apparatus wo n't increase their effectiveness in a way that would make it justified . 
  what * is * the short term plan ? 
  of course we need one , but what would it be ? 
  well the racism situation is pretty bad as of now and we 're going to get a lot more of those clowns before things get better , i fear . 
   as long as you hold the gun right and do we have a reason to assume they are ? 
  shooting 7,62 's in army , surprisingly many people got bruises the first couple of times we were there . 
  i 'd imagine the number would be higher for is militants . 
  let 's stop international travel in europe because of ebola in africa !, 
  that 's basically what racist lunatics are suggesting here . 
  now if only / r/europe was free of racism and paranoia of the other kind ( sharia law is right around the corner !!!, 
  ) , then this would be a pleasant place to browse . 
  poor guy probably messed up the ticket and voided the only vote for him , from himself . 
  well , it 's * mostly * more subtle and harder to notice . 
  american sniper is the exception here , not the norm . 
  i thought we dirty , smelling , cowardly europeans being ( mostly ) against it was all the justification needed . 
  it 's sometimes pretty funny how strong of an effect national pride has . 
  every bad shit can be turned to something good or at least justified when it 's being criticized by someone foreign . 
  and that 's not just the case with americans , but with a lot of people everywhere . 
  i know i get mad when someone says something bad about finland . 
  `` fuck youuuuu for saying that , actually high suicide rates is a * good * thing , let me explain why ... '' my first reaction is usually to get angry and defensive , before i actually start to think . 
  sometimes it 's funny , most of the time it 's pretty scary . 
  foreign critique is what a lot of questionable leaders and countries use to justify and/or excuse shitty things . 
  it 's just more subtle and probably harder for westeners to notice . 
   i have met many sjws in real life . 
  you probably do n't live or work where they hang out . 
  where * do * they hang out ? 
  i have never met an sjw either . 
  i rarely go out of my comfort zone , so that could explain it , but i 'm curious to know . 
  and here i thought they looked more or less like that everywhere . 
  i did always think that `` dank memes '' were pretty gay ... now it 's confirmed . 
  browsing this sub ca n't be very enjoyable for you . 
  finland has them too . 
  ( one i know of , at least . ), 
  not on the same scale as russia though . 
  glorifying military makes me somewhat uncomfortable , but one parade does n't . 
  it 's more everyday glorification that 's alarming to me . 
  i find nukes pretty creepy overall , especially when you look at the countries which have them , but i do n't have a problem with showing them off in a parade . 
  ( well , showing their launch systems , at least . ), 
  it looks pretty badass to me . 
  well he * could * be just making this all up . 
  ( i 'm not really doubting him . ), 
  was n't he the one who ( `` allegedly '' , i guess ) got a rocket on his balcony or something ? 
  and then there was a huge fight over whether he actually took the photo and if he 's a shill and all kinds of stuff . 
  though if i remember it correctly , he did provide adequate proof , even pm ` ing me . 
  [ all-seeing putin is always watching . 
  ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/07f44230de54d74e941818edf189abed/tumblr_nm5aafpoiz1szu7k3o1_500.jpg ), 
  big army and lots of geopolitical influence too . 
  if the shit hits the fan and ww3 starts , yeah . 
  we will probably get dragged into it . 
  but how likely is that ? 
  about as likely as russia attacking finland alone . 
  and i 'd say both scenarios are really unlikely . 
  the things that made georgia and ukraine vulnerable for attack are n't really present in here . 
  we have a stable government , there 's no significant russian minority to `` protect '' , we were n't a part of the ussr , the will and means to fight against them is there , we 're an eu member and so on . 
  that and south sudan are the two places i instantly check on maps . 
  it 's just the afterburner !, 
  i thought this map was about land/soil fertility . 
  your comment really confused me for a moment . 
   any military operation is very unlikely though , finland is far more useful to russia as an obedient servant and a european puppet state . 
  i really hope you are n't trying to say that finland is currently a servant and a puppet . 
  because that would just be ridiculous . 
   during the cold war the soviet embassy held a lot of power in helsinki , for russia it would be very attractive to have it working the same way again . 
  finland was hardly a puppet state . 
  there 's plenty of examples of actual puppet states in eastern europe from that time . 
  finland was under a lot of pressure and tehtaankatu ( the location of the embassy ) had a certain power in here , but that hardly made us a puppet . 
  we were after all mocked for going with a lot of things willingly . 
   but in practice bending to moscow 's every whim . 
  that did n't even happen during the cold war , i doubt it would be like that now . 
  closest thing to that was when the allieds were in hotel torni , but that was right after the war .
