  it 's true that we went with a lot of stuff the soviets told us to , but i would n't go as far as saying that we were practically a puppet state . 
   should n't be too difficult given that finland 's political leadership is naive at best and has been more than happy to give russia free political chips , such as the recently approved construction of a [ rosatom nuclear power plant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanhikivi_nuclear_power_plant ) in finland . 
  this could of course be attributed to clever propaganda , but much of the conversation was turned from russian vs. other companies to nuclear energy vs. `` stupid greens '' . 
  a lot of people who were against the plant were branded as `` stupid naive hippies '' , even when they were against the plant because the company planning it was russian . 
  i myself think that having a russian company build the plant is questionable , but then again , areva was a real shitshow . 
  i 'm not going to oppose the plant just because russians could gain some political points from it . 
  i just wish they 'll do a good job . 
  honestly , it 's not a very realistic situation , even in the near future . 
  finland is nothing like ukraine . 
  pretty much only thing we have in common is having russia as our neighbor . 
  i 'm sure a lot of nato countries would find excuses on why they do n't actually have to go to war to defend baltic countries . 
  `` oh , well , see , technically ... '' hard to say what they would do when faced with the situation , but people are really damn selfish , which makes it kinda scary . 
  kinda like the maxim in finnish : words are said like they 're written . 
  makes little sense to people outside of our language , but makes * all the sense * for native finnish speakers . 
  i * could * be serious , but yeah , i was n't . 
  it was a joke . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  well people should n't think that . 
  fucking people . 
  this time i 'd say there 's a somewhat even amount of hatred towards the us and russia . 
  but that might chance once the europeans go to sleep and the americans reign supreme . 
  weekly shit flinging festival . 
  it 's nice to clear some air once in a while . 
  fuck everyone in that war . 
  both sides fucking jerked us around . 
  germany sold us to ussr , ussr assraped us , uk and france jerked us around with a promise to help us with the intention of fucking over neutral norway and sweden , americans supplied our enemy , italy screwed things up for our pimp-turned-ally ... 
  i 'm not sure what japan . 
  they could 've fought the ussr , but the same can be said for most . 
  also , fuck us for getting the great idea of trying to do some assraping of our own with our buddy helping us , only to get penetrated ourselves . 
  i ca n't say `` fuck us '' for the lappland war . 
  we gave germany a chance to just get out , but instead they said fuck it and gave gonorrhea to whole of lappland . 
  and we were * kinda * forced to and even then , we tried to half-ass it as best we could . 
  what a mess the whole thing was . 
  never again , please . 
  why not just say `` soviet blood '' ? 
  just shows that feelings trump reason . 
  `` who contributed more , the us or the ussr ? 
  well , i do n't like russia , so ussr could n't have done all that much . 
  clearly . '', 
  also , american propaganda . 
  just because it is n't as ridiculously obvious as russian does n't mean it is n't there . 
  and it 's definitely there . 
  it 's always about buying and selling with the americans . 
  probably easier for people who are n't `` western '' . 
  at least now we 'll see if they 're all talk or not . 
   and in case of a conflict , pro-nato . 
  that 's really not saying much . 
  i 'm against nato , but if we would get in a real conflict with the russians , i think i would take the help we would get . 
  kd is trying to smuggle herself in with the blue eggs . 
  no p\u00e4ivi , you ca n't party like it 's a coalition . 
  huh . 
  very interesting . 
  i did n't even think about that , but it makes sense though . 
  interestingly , i have n't seen the word `` populist '' thrown around in quite some time now . 
  it used to be the go-to word when talking about the finns party . 
  now it 's mostly absent from the articles and discussions i 've read . 
  i wonder why . 
  they have ( imo ) matured somewhat from the `` early days '' for sure , but surely the true test really comes now . 
  but that might still be a factor . 
  the comments i have seen ( in media or otherwise ) relating to populism has been mostly snarky comments on how it 's easy for the centre party to keep their promises when they did n't make any . 
  ( according to the critics . ), 
   thank god hehehe ... 
  outside of swedish-finns ? 
  neutral to negative , mostly . 
  some right-wingers might see them in good light , being a convenient party to support ( usually ) right-wing coalitions . 
  also , similar economic policies . 
  and as has been pointed out , they 're seen mostly as a language party and/or exclusively serving a small , somewhat distinctive minority . 
  i agree . 
  both names are pretty bad at describing them/as a translation . 
  `` finns '' is way too vague and `` true finns '' seems way more hostile than the source name . 
  you 're forgetting kd . 
  imagine in addition to this coalition having four more years of p\u00e4ivi . 
  let 's hope less so than the previous four . 
  i guess the `` big three '' decision shows that we might have learned something from the earlier clusterfuck . 
  as ( currently , at least ) left-leaning liberal , i 'm disappointed and nervous , but the people have spoken . 
  and it feels insane that the party in the next government that i put my faith in now is the national coalition . 
  confusing . 
  may the gods who abandoned us come to our aid one last time , hah . 
  it 's a bizarre situation when nc is the liberal party in the government . 
  completely understandable . 
  right-leaning conservative government . 
  ca n't say i 'm happy with the result , even though rkp dropping gives me some joy . 
  well , the people have spoken and we 'll get to see what comes out of this . 
   also , it 's `` finns '' which is bullshit imo . 
  fingers crossed . 
   rolls right of the tongue , does n't it ? 
  interesting critique , considering that we 're ( apparently , for some reason ) discussing german language right now . 
   here have some s-mines in case the russian 's invade you . 
  i have to respectfully decline your generous offer . 
   captain as a german title makes no sense at all . 
  marvel has my back . 
  * give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free of moderation ... * ( also , 600 lbs = 272 kg for anyone curious but lazy . ), 
  i would respect the hell out of the us if that was the motto . 
  i mean , what can you say to a country with a motto like that ? 
  also , it would double as a traveling advertisement . 
   low criminality you 're cheating by voting them into office . 
  are you asking me or telling me ? 
  that should be in the official seal . 
   here have a white flag , that 's your national flag right ? 
  look at captain germany over here , killing us with laughter .
