  we want them to get employed but we do n't want them taking `` our '' jobs or undercutting us in pay . 
  it 's a pickle all right . 
  even if they start integrating to the job market , it 's going to be rough times waiting for them to rise up from the shitty low paying jobs . 
  and that 's if that ever happens . 
  i mean , cheap foreign labour does affect the native workers in a major way . 
  it 's good for the immigrants to get employed , but if they undercut the local workers , it 'll cause problems . 
  best way ( imo ) for the workers to fight this is to demand equal pay for the foreigners . 
  that way they 're competing in skills and not in pay . 
  but that would lead to a lot of immigrants going without work . 
  and that 's a problem . 
  creating an `` entry-level '' market is one solution to try and keep everyone happy . 
  but that 's problematic too . 
  it would probably lead for an even bigger poor ( and foreign born ) underclass to develop . 
  and we know to what that leads to . 
  every solution just leads to a new set of problems . 
  it 's problems all the way through . 
  though i guess the hope is that they do get jobs , even if they 're shitty low paying jobs . 
  hopefully their kids will go to school and integrate and in the future , get better jobs and drive the subsection out of poverty . 
  but the decades before that would be pretty rough . 
  we finns kinda did just that , but it was a whole lot easier for us , being right next door and from a very similar culture . 
  but it still took decades and some of the problems still exist . 
  the us * could * do without them , but it would have a major effect on the economy ( at least on short term ) . 
  illegal immigrants are so damn cheap . 
  hard for them to unionize ( even as much as the general american workforce is unionized ) . 
  disappearance of mexican immigrants ( legal and illegal ) would probably drive up prices in the short term and either cause a lot more automation ( where possible ) . 
  i think the economist reported that certain fields would n't be sustainable without them . 
  i can see why it 's such a huge issue in the us and why there 's a lot of rhetoric about it , but there 's still reluctance to act . 
  i wonder what the percentages of immigrants/refugees both countries take and what they * get * . 
   are like leftists are people using `` leftist '' as an insult these days ? 
  i know calling people `` commies '' or `` fascists '' and something extreme like that is pretty common and used a lot , but just `` leftist '' ? 
  weird . 
  i have to say i disagree with you on the democracy aspect . 
  as the article put it :  a third ill-advised idea is that arab autocracy is the way to hold back extremism and chaos . 
  in egypt mr sisi 's rule is proving as oppressive as it is arbitrary and economically incompetent . 
  popular discontent is growing . 
  in syria bashar al-assad and his allies would like to portray his regime as the only force that can control disorder . 
  the contrary is true : mr assad 's violence is the primary cause of the turmoil . 
  arab authoritarianism is no basis for stability . 
  that much , at least , should have become clear from the uprisings of 2011 . 
  of course a periodical move from autocracy to democracy is preferable to a sudden change in many cases , but autocracy is n't the solution to the problems the me is facing . 
  on the other extreme , everything is blamed on islam , which this article also refutes . 
  it makes a good job of staying in the middle of the road , as the economist often does . 
   spring weather has led to a *** surge *** of people attempting the perilous crossing from africa to europe . 
  so , probably not . 
  estonia does wife carrying too ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  interesting bunch of countries . 
  leftover from soviet times ? 
  well it 's not uncommon for people to be drunk on trips like this . 
  i think 1/4th of our tour buss was kinda buzzed while touring and this was very early in the morning , so it 's probably worse when we get to the afternoon . 
  i drank two beers before getting back on the boat , but that was just because of the massive hangover . 
  it 's a simple misunderstanding . 
  we generally speak finnish or english . 
  but when russian is the only language you can get service on , i guess it could can come of as incoherent rambling . 
  i kid . 
  the people on `` touristy '' areas whose job it was to help tourists spoke excellent english and we had no trouble there . 
  but even some of the people at the ship terminal just outright refused to help us , haha . 
  some spoke russian to us and some just acted like they did n't even see us in front of them . 
  it was bizarre . 
  had i been drunk or more hung over , i might 've started to doubt my existence . 
  but i guess it 's better to get no attention from the security people than get too much attention . 
  in an interesting twist , someone came up to ask directions in russian ( i assume , since we understood a place name and she seemed lost ) . 
  so , we answered back in english , pointing towards the place they seemed to talk about which was right around the corner . 
  the kids seemed to get the hang of it ( they spoke a little english ) but the lady just bolted in the opposite direction . 
  and when we wanted to get a bite , we went to a restaurant close the ship terminal . 
  we stood at the entrance for a bit , not being sure if they guide you to the tables or not , not really knowing what the deal was . 
  so after standing there for five minutes , we decided to sit down ( since they certainly were going from table to table getting orders ) . 
  ten minutes go by and we wonder if we have to actually go to the counter to order , when a russian couple came in . 
  a waitress instantly went up to them , showed them their table and took their order . 
  now i was seriously wondering if i had died on the cruise and was stuck wandering the streets of st. petersburg , spooking the locals with my incoherent rambling . 
  i have to say , even as a finn , the level of customer service was * kinda * poor . 
  e : and to our defense , we were definitely more or less hung over . 
  though the one who did the talking used to be an english language guide to russian tourists who came to helsinki and she had n't drank at all ( what a weirdo ) . 
  so i assume it was n't a case of very poor english or anything . 
  saying hello outside of designed friendly zones is borderline assault in finland . 
  estonia , actually . 
  we finns go to estonia to get cheap booze . 
  i hope if you encountered finns and they asked you something in english , you made zero effort to answer . 
  that 's my experience . 
  `` sorry , where could i get a taxi ? '', 
  '' * grunts * , * says something in russian * , * looks elsewhere to indicate that the conversation is over * '' `` thanks . '', 
  but we 're also most content . 
  i think that says it all . 
  most of the time we 're overly joys , shooting rainbows out of our dicks , but everything is pretty okay , ca n't complain . 
  park ? 
  with all the sunshine and people ? 
  you do n't know us at all , sweden . 
  yes !, 
  how would you solve the issue quickly and effectively without spending much money on it ? 
  letting the member countries fend for themselves would put the cost directly on the members . 
  using existing eu income on the issue that 's affecting us all seems like the way to go for me . 
  i feel like this is exactly the kind of stuff the eu should be spending their money on . 
  and it should n't put any extra strain on the member states ' budget since we 're using existing income ( membership fees and whatnot ) . 
  it 's a good idea to research something and confirm it , even if your assumption seems very likely to be true . 
  i ca n't blame europol for not simply trusting an assumption . 
  well now we got a confirmation of our fears from europol . 
  i do n't think it 's supposed to be surprising as it 's meant to prove something we 're suspecting . 
  you can see the same type of comments every time in / r/science . 
  which is even sillier , since you 'd think the people there would know that research is better than assumptions . 
  you do n't think dealing with the refugee crisis is doing anything for you ?
