  of course notoriety is n't always better than anonymity . 
  haha , occupy probably is n't the best example , considering that they were notorious for having a really vague message that did n't get through at all . 
  those comments does n't sound so surprising anymore . 
  do n't judge me, 
  `` i 'll get downvoted for this , but ushankas are pretty awesome . '', 
  people 's union of europe . 
  we 're flattered , but we should probably just stay friends . 
   if russia really wants to invade finland in that ( extremely unlikely ) case , we 're fucked anyway . 
  i just ca n't see russia invading us , not now or even in the near future . 
  i do fear for economic warfare and extremely hostile relations and those would be guaranteed if we decided to join . 
  no one respected the [ swedish calendar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_calendar ) . 
  sweden has been reluctant to form a defensive union with us . 
  maybe we 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  we should suggest an * offensive * union to them . 
  though the danes are our friends in our shared hatred of the swedes , we were a pretty good team with the swedes ... after dealing with denmark , we can look into dealing with those dirty papists in germany . 
   if there is a submarine in the waters , then it is n't necessarily the russians . 
  i agree . 
  as of now , we do n't know . 
  it 's * likely * that it 's russian though . 
  but ca n't really say for certain yet . 
  * if * it 's a submarine , then it 's likely a russian one . 
  and * if * it 's a russian submarine , then the timing is really curious . 
   you could put the blame on the side that wants russia punished , meaning in that scenario it is more likely to be an allied submarine than a russian one . 
  i 've considered this . 
  it * could * be a western sub , trying to spook us into spending more on our defense . 
  or our own military creating a made up situation to get more funding . 
  but i really doubt it . 
  the simplest explanation is usually the correct one , after all . 
   it is possible that russia is hurting itself through sheer negligence , but that is unlikely for a modern coordinated military to do . 
  i agree . 
  i doubt it 's a coincidence that this happens now . 
  especially when you consider that something very similar happened in sweden . 
  but we can only speculate who and why . 
  i 'd say were now as close to nato as i would like to be . 
  working with but not being part of . 
  without opening that can of worms , i 'm just going to say that i do n't want us to join ( at least as of now , the situation could change in the future of course ) and would much prefer finland and sweden creating a mutual defence union instead . 
  russia is there and it is n't going away , might as well make the best out of a bad situation . 
  i think our policy has worked well so far . 
  the ussr was very hypocritical with its peace propaganda . 
  `` swords to plowshares , except the soviet peace swords '' . 
  i linked a very interesting wikipedia article above about soviet influence on the peace movement . 
  the ussr was heavily influencing peace movements and similar organizations , which was very problematic to `` genuine '' pacifists . 
  missiles and nuclear weapons were bad , except soviet ones which were there to `` protect against evil and imperialist capitalists '' . 
  to be fair , ussr did heavily influence pacifistic organizations in the west as a way to fight the west and especially the us through indirect means . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_influence_on_the_peace_movement it 's a really interesting article . 
   i wonder how the soviet union would have dealt with the environmental issues of today if it still existed . 
  maybe the same way that china is dealing with them ? 
  ( assuming that ussr went through a similar phase of rapid `` capitalismisation '' that china did . ), 
  i can see them heavily investing in `` green technology '' , but only because the pollution is so out of control and because they want to take the lead in a new industry . 
  that sub is pretty much best of of / r/propagandaposters and i mean that as a compliment . 
  cold war had sweet posters . 
  especially the soviet ones have such a distinct art style . 
  i found this to be interesting . 
   while the term propaganda has acquired a strongly negative connotation by association with its most manipulative and jingoistic examples , propaganda in its original sense was neutral and could refer to uses that were generally positive , such as public health recommendations , signs encouraging citizens to participate in a census or election , or messages encouraging persons to report crimes to law enforcement . 
   propaganda is a form of communication aimed towards influencing the attitude of a population toward some cause or position . 
   propaganda is information that is not impartial and used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda , often by presenting facts selectively ( perhaps lying by omission ) to encourage a particular synthesis , or using loaded messages to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information presented . 
  also interesting :  while the term propaganda has acquired a strongly negative connotation by association with its most manipulative and jingoistic examples , propaganda in its original sense was neutral and could refer to uses that were generally positive , such as public health recommendations , signs encouraging citizens to participate in a census or election , or messages encouraging persons to report crimes to law enforcement . 
  that soviet art style looks awesome in my opinion . 
  of course i would n't want it to be the * only * art style around . 
  brutalism might be the exception though . 
  even though some building done in a brutalist style are cool , most are just horrible . 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/33_thomas_street ) brutalist skyscraper is at the same time pretty cool and a fucking travesty . 
  a skyscraper * without goddamn windows !, 
  those descriptions are hilarious !, 
  that shop keeper is so goddamn satisfied with himself and with his beret . 
  probably tips it to every customer too . 
  oh man , that 's good . 
  why did n't i think of that !, 
  the submarine thing kinda woke them up , though . 
  they 're increasing the budget and changing the focus more from international missions towards defending whole of sweden . 
  i 'm keeping my fingers crossed that it shook them enough to see the benefit of a mutual defense with us . 
  one can dream . 
  i have no doubt that people who design these operations and whatnot are aware of the situation in finland . 
  i doubt even russians could half-ass these things in such an incredible fashion to allow all this to happen by accident . 
  and by accident and * twice in a row * . 
  `` sir , our submarine accidentally got into foreign territorial waters and close to their capital and was detected . '', 
  `` i know , you 've told me already . 
  the swedes were n't happy . '', 
  `` actually sir ... 
  it was finland this time . '', 
  `` oh goddamn , at least they were n't about to hold budget talks . '', 
  `` uhm ... '' `` get out . '', 
  the whole thing was a farce on the swedish side . 
  fisherman ove was the real hero of the whole thing . 
  i hope this does n't turn into a similar farce . 
  so at least as of now , i think we 're handling it better . 
  we detected something , suspect it was a russian submarine and instantly went in and drop depth charges to tell them that `` we know you 're here , better leave '' . 
  no , no . 
  it 's night wolves taking a detour , bypassing poland . 
   yes , it certainly begins to look like like putin wants to antagonize all other nations . 
  i think he does , but the timing is curious . 
  doing this before budget talks seems foolish on their part . 
  something like this wo n't deter the new government from allocating more money for the finnish defence forces , quite the opposite i feel . 
  they will be more eager to raise the budget . 
  but like i pondered in an another comment , maybe this is some intricate plot from russia . 
  if putin can show concrete evidence that their neighboring countries are increasing their defence spending , he can secure his support and increase military spending ? 
  i do n't know . 
  outright , it seems like a bad timing , but i do n't know . 
  if , and * if * , this is a submarine and a russian one at that , surely they must have a good reason for the timing ? 
  and i doubt they thought they would n't get caught .
