  i mean the racism is unfortunate , not the homogeneity itself . 
  no matter how short it might be . 
  why would it be banned ? 
  it 's kinda inconvenient though . 
  mosques often ( usually ? ), 
  are more than just `` muslim churches '' , but community centers and whatnot . 
  ( like our seurakuntatalo ) . 
  so having one build away from the user base is n't that wise . 
  not to even get in on how hard it would be to sell the same space for both of these purposes , try selling it to people living near such a place . 
  if people do n't want a rehab center or a mosque near them , trying to build both might be quite difficult . 
  it 's not surprising but it 's still unfortunate . 
  though things are changing . 
  i think they might have us beat . 
  but we 're supposed to be hating muslims here , ca n't you see !, 
  you used to be religious , then happy fun-time called communism happened . 
  it 's silly until you need it . 
  no , we can actually handle our alcohol . 
  we handle it so well that 's it 's no problem using it throughout the week , constantly . 
  i do n't know , i often sell beer to my dumbass friends who forget that shops stop selling alcohol at 9pm . 
  there are . 
  junkies are prone to stealing stuff . 
  and having one built close lowers the property value , partly because of this . 
  never forget . 
  just remember to bring the rest of your tanks . 
  i think we 've all come to expect that of you . 
  * ^ ^ snobby ^ ^ laughter *, 
   assholes [ ... ] dickheads #  well put hehehe, 
  uncivilized savage detected . 
  time to unify you in diversity !, 
  it was a mess on all accounts , so saying it was a 1v1 is definitely not right . 
  was n't really 1v1 though . 
  poland won , that much is true . 
  but there was the russian civil war , the whole ukraine thing and whatnot going on , so it 's a bit dishonest to say it was a straight up soviet union vs poland war . 
  one can always dream . 
  if you get moscow ( again ) , we want glorious finnic lands . 
  and urals . 
  for what the un and security council was meant for , they 've done a pretty good job in my opinion . 
  not that i do n't think something should be done about russia , but poland for real , at this point you should know how that fight will go . 
  i just do n't want to see you getting hurt again . 
  we 'll be seeing this on cnn soon . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  the what now ? 
  it 's like with mobile operating systems : you need people to use it to get apps . 
  you need apps to get people to use it . 
  they 're trying to get the people and hope that apps ( or in this case , jobs and whatnot ) will follow . 
  and maybe they will , if they trust this plan will be successful . 
  nevertheless , sounds pretty cool . 
  it 'd be interesting to move to far east and have some land in the middle of nowhere . 
  be a modern day cowboy , hah . 
  what do you need internet for when you get a girl like in the article ? 
   it 's colder there than it is in finland do people think it 's very cold in here or is this comparison based on just geographical location ? 
  you know things are bad when you need an american to correct someone 's geography . 
  ca n't argue with that , hah . 
  well , both sides wanted to invade sweden and they managed to stay out of the fighting and make money in the meantime . 
  sounds like a good deal to me . 
  i was thinking of those `` walk this straight line '' , `` follow my finger with your eyes '' things , in addition to/instead of breathalyzer . 
  honestly , nowadays it 's the complete opposite . 
  people love to be contrarian , even if the contrarian side is the loudest . 
  i 've never heard this stereotype of swedes . 
  and i 'd like to think i 'm fairly up-to-date with my swedish stereotypes . 
  as a side note , do police do that silly `` drunk test '' here in europe ? 
  i have never heard of it happening in finland . 
  it seems so old fashioned . 
  i 've only seen it on american police shows and whatnot . 
  someone said to me that failing that test gives the police `` probable cause '' to test you and such , but i have no idea how true that is . 
  `` he said he smokes weed . 
  we checked if he has weed . 
  he had weed . '', 
  am i being detained ?!? 
  am i free to go !?!, 
  what , i thought this was america !, 
  well then . 
  ehh , i 'm still living in the afterglow of 6-1 . 
  ah , the prodigal son . 
  easier to just say `` tuoppi '' . 
  ( which i think means `` pint '' . ), 
  `` tuoppi '' `` nelj\u00e4viiskymment '' `` mmm '' that 's my interaction at a bar counter . 
  how * dare * you, 
  swedes are excellent at cop dramas . 
  the one thing i 'm truly jealous of sweden . 
  it sounds extreme to them , since their languages are just so goddamn girlish . 
  i love the se/dk/no thing . 
  haha , you have to share , we get our own thing !, 
  suck it !, 
  viro has our back . 
  love u viro < 3, 
  i kinda hate your stupid ass island , letting armies from na invade my precious europe . 
  can confirm , i got so much done on my cabin . 
  sure you did . 
  sure you did ... 
    just slightly bigger than denmark , netherlands , switzerland and finland . 
  oh wow , estonia is a lot larger than i thought . 
  ( edit after 9 hours : estonia is n't actually larger than finland . 
  i was just joking . 
  viro small , but viro still in our hearts . ), 
  viro is also more fun to say drunk . 
  you 'd expect an american to see the benefit of tying russia to us financially . 
  peace through prosperity and whatnot . 
  hey , worked with other european countries . 
  though russia is unlike the others .
