  damn , everyone is pretty obsessed about us not belonging to nato , haha . 
  at least austria is there with us in some of these maps . 
   against isis i mean , people are kinda miffed that they said that was their main mission and then they bombed the shit out of the rebels . 
  did you remember to do this is private browsing mode and whatnot , so your own search history wo n't skew the results ? 
  or better yet , in duckduckgo, 
   fingary glorious, 
  i mean , attacking poland is just the kind of thing you do . 
  you do n't really need a reason for it . 
  and the whole point of that is that they 're not a representative of their party , country or nation , but rather works for everyone . 
  but since she 's not voted in directly , her mandate does n't come from the people . 
  i assume you 're talking about this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bark_bread and it 's a famine/ersatz food . 
  if people were actually banned for racism in here , there would be a lot less commenters . 
  well being the worst among the best is n't the end of the world . 
  i think on average we 're pretty good . 
  full-time diabetic , i presume . 
  true . 
  the idea was to occupy lands so , that there were three main defensive points , between gulf of finland and lake ladoga , lake ladoga and lake onega and lake onega and the white sea . 
  and i guess you could say that that could 've been used as a bargaining point , i think the idea was to actually annex those lands , ideas of just occupying them for defense and leverage . 
  i think renaming petrozavodsk to \u00c4\u00e4nislinna is a good sign about how finland was n't really going to give up those lands . 
  i would n't say it was n't a goal to annex east-karelia , but i admit that saying it was * the * goal would be incorrect . 
  it was more like a list of goals 1 . 
  reclaim old borders 2 . 
  occupy and annex east-karelia 3 . 
  profit i 'm joking with the 3rd and 4th , but i think a list of objectives like that better represents the objectives of the government and the army . 
  and i think the parts that follow reclaiming the old borders certainly count as an expansionist goal . 
  the government did n't fully subscribe to the greater finland idea , but there certainly were plans to annex lands beyond our old borders , mainly east-karelia , including the renamed '' \u00c4\u00e4nislinna '' . 
  and the government and the military were influenced by the ideology . 
  to me , occupying and planning to annex areas beyond our old borders counts as `` expansionist '' . 
  all of those groups had expansionist goals !, 
  those subscribing to greater finland thing just wanted * more * than the military and political leaders . 
  where are you getting this ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i did n't think it was something to argue about , it 's pretty readily accepted here in finland that we wanted to take east-karelia for ourselves . 
  ( e : i did n't notice you are a finn . 
  that makes it even weirder for me . ), 
  yes we did . 
  it 's not even a contested thing or anything . 
  we wanted to take east-karelia , including petrozavodsk . 
  and the greater finland ideology , which was pretty popular , called for much more than that . 
  the idea was to unity our `` finnic brothers '' with us . 
  i know , i was just saying . 
  well it was nazi-germany that sold finland and baltics ( among others ) to ussr in the first place . 
  though nobody knew it at the time . 
  some finns and estonians did join the ss , but it was n't very common . 
  we fought alongside the axis powers as ` co-belligerent ' , but we were n't a signatory in the german-italian-japanese treaty . 
  but it 's not a huge mistake to say finland was a part of the axis , since the difference between a ` co-belligerent ' and an ally is pretty vague . 
   reclaiming their national territory in the continuation war ? 
  well , we did a bit more than just take what used to be ours ... 
  but when you compare occupying some land that was n't ours to some of the stuff other countries got up to , we were n't probably all that bad . 
  well , i understand why the us did n't support finland , an ally of germany , against their own ally , ussr . 
  i doubt the soviets would 've been all too happy about that . 
  but that 's continuation war , winter war was a much `` simpler '' conflict . 
  while at it , search for pre-1944 buildings in rovaniemi . 
  better than having the soviets coming to `` help '' . 
   without a mask and full covering . 
  oh fuck , i guess no more skiing for me then . 
  only my eyes are showing when skiing . 
  yes , exactly . 
  it 's insane that some people seem to think they 're above the people yelling `` racism '' at everything by yelling `` triggered '' at everything . 
  both extremes are childish in their behaviour and so much alike that it 's ridiculous . 
  and they do n't even seem to be aware of it !, 
  even the damn article is advocating discussion over shouting the one side quiet because of your feelings , but people are still resorting to yelling emotionally charged stuff to basically kill the discussion . 
  it 's goddamn madness . 
  yes , i think them being younger makes it worse . 
  i hope you know how much you resemble those people the article is talking about . 
  but if course you did n't even read it . 
  it 's pretty insane that people like you are spouting stupid shit like this and fighting against actual discussion when the goddamn article advocates for that instead of allowing us to be silenced by those yelling about `` racism '' at every turn . 
  you 're so much like the people you 're mocking that it 's almost funny . 
   do not need to be any arguments presented to support this this is an incredibly odd statement under an article advocating for discussion instead of silence . 
  we 're in this mess because neither side is willing to even properly argue about it , instead resorting to being `` triggered '' or yelling about the other side being `` triggered '' . 
  at least you provided an argument for your case ( `` it 's a clear cut case of free speech being more important than one person 's inconvenience '' ) , that 's better than what the above guy did . 
  but saying that we should n't even try to present our case ? 
  really damn odd considering the article posted here . 
  saying that free speech trumps personal feelings is the kind of discussion i wanted to see , instead of just stupid yelling about `` triggering '' on both sides . 
   but you literally got triggered and decided to reply with an equally useless post . 
  what . . ? 
  i have no idea what being `` triggered '' means anymore since it 's used for everything . 
  every reaction now means you 're getting `` triggered '' . 
  you really have to explain to me what being '' triggered '' means in this context and how it 's different from any other kind of reaction . 
   you know you can just ignore posts like this , right ? 
  i mean it would be perfectly fine to downvote because its really not the most insightful post . 
  and i do hope you 're at least seeing the humour in how under article about encouraging free speech and dialogue instead of silence , we 're resorting to just yelling `` triggered !!! '', 
  and even better , advocating silence instead of discussion . 
  even if someone is saying it `` ironically '' , it has the same effect as when people used it seriously to kill the discussion . 
   you are part of the problem . 
  hey , right back at you . 
  at least i was complaining about the quality of the `` discussion '' instead of advocating for silence . 
  ( which , again , is pretty funny considering the title of the article . ), 
   what is shocking for me is that this needs thread - if i would make thread all the time for racist attacks across europe ... thousands per day . 
  well if every single case where immigrants do something bad deserves a thread ... 
  it 's a bit ridiculous , but i guess it 's a good reminder to people that there are issues , on both sides . 
  and as someone pointed out , ignoring them does n't help anyone . 
  we have an issue of immigrants doing bad things and with racism in europe . 
  and i fear things will get worse before they get better . 
  but it 's something we need to deal with instead of ignoring it . 
  how i wish it did . 
  `` we are the \u00fcber ... now hold on a moment , this is dumb , guys . '', 
  even more despicable . 
  well there 's a major opposition to nuclear ( fission ) power on the account of nuclear waste and it being , well , nuclear , and it having a bit of a bad rep. 
  i 'm all for modern nuclear power as a temporary way to get away from more harmful ways of producing energy until we get to a point where renewable energy is a more feasible and cost-effective solution .
