  faceless bureaucrats strike again !, 
  you do n't go to weddings to have small talk with people , you go to eat and drink as much as you can . 
  pls invest, 
  could be based on their earlier results . 
  has n't stopped reddit before , wo n't stop now . 
  to be fair , that 's a pretty sweet palace . 
  the man on top of the tank , in a position similar to what many muslims do when they 're praying . 
  nah dude , that 's gross . 
  you 're our relative . 
  russia is the one to do the fucking . 
  they 're our abusive boyfriend we had a thing with for a while . 
  first they played it cool when we wanted to separate , saying it was fine ( thinking we 'd come running back ) , but soon turned sour and got violent with us . 
  unfortunately we are neighbors so it 's still kinda awkward but we have to go on with our life . 
  suomi-neito though . 
  also , the joke would n't be as clear , i think . 
  so i just went with that . 
   some drill sergeant shout at me all day i ca n't speak for the swedish army , but my superiors were rather silently disappointed than shouty if you did something wrong , haha . 
  unless you did something insanely stupid * and * dangerous . 
   why would * anyone * in their 20s support this ? 
  i 'm a strong supporter of conscription in finland . 
  my reason being that it 's cost effective and it fits the threat profile and geography of finland to have as much men ready if needed . 
  so it 's not because i want them to have to go through what i did , but because i think it 's the most practical solution and allows us to still act independently on our defence . 
  as for my personal experience , i quite liked it . 
  sure , it made me miss one year of uni , but i enjoyed how i did n't have to worry or think about anything . 
  everything was taken care for me . 
  clothes , food , housing ... 
  it 's probably the last time i 'll ever have that and i sure as hell took full advantage of it . 
  well , last time until i 'm old and demented . 
  navy was a blast . 
  shooting ( sergei < 3 ) , getting to go out to sea , cool new friends ... 
  i 've never read as many books or played so much xbox ... 
  it was like being on a summer camp , just with a lot more dull stuff during the day . 
  and i can deal with dullness . 
  but of course summer camps are not for everyone and everyone 's experience is different . 
  and my own experience is n't really a factor in my support , even though i quite enjoyed my time in there . 
  i 'm just thinking of the sick-ass drifting i could do on that road with my -96 renault clio . 
  with the sunroof open for maximum coolness . 
  sorry , we have a boyfriend . 
  time to post this to teh donald with a title `` the sharia patrols have arrived to finland , sad ! '', 
  well that 's how the trap works !, 
  that serbia flair is what really makes this comment stand out . 
  you do n't think that could be an example of the misunderstandings caused by the vague wording ? 
  like i tried to explain , since the wording is pretty vague , you get misunderstandings such as the one we had here . 
  but of course i ca n't make you believe that 's the reason . 
  yeah , but it 's pretty hard to argue that it was the first independent one . 
  if you clarify it like you did right now , it becomes a lot more agreeable . 
  the wording on your original comment has some room for improvement , seeing as a lot of people misunderstood it . 
  what a nonsensical way of thinking it . 
  they were not an independent country before being conquered , because they were conquered ? 
  it 's like a bizarre twist of the `` no true scotsman '' fallacy , `` no true independent country '' . 
  i guess in the us , history starts from 1776 , haha, 
  well , this is / r/europe . 
  i think most people irl are going to be at least a little skeptical of statements like that . 
  fuck me for not wanting to spread false facts . 
  it 's not like there are n't enough of them doing rounds on reddit already . 
  the `` have to '' threw me off since it makes it seem like it 's not just probable but certain for some reason . 
   that 's the image you 'd get if you only went to / r/europe . 
  i hope no one is taking this sub 's views on the world or whatever as indicator on what people in the real world think and act like . 
   with a high chance of having been under investigation in a rape case . 
  uhh , what ? 
   these stats have to be simmilar for the rest of the eu what do you mean by this ? 
   in finnish usa is not united states but `` united powers '' please edit this , i 'd hate to see this `` fact '' start making rounds on reddit . 
  the site you linked looks like total dogshit and i 'd be * pretty * damn sceptical of anything they say . 
  if this ` article ' is n't enough , just look at all the other headlines they have . 
  well , when i see something she said posted here , to me it seems like it has already been interpreted in a certain way . 
   `` the phenomenon of islamist terrorism , of islamic state , is not a phenomenon that came to us with the refugees '' turns into  merkel dismisses link between terrorism and immigration and when that 's the starting point , a statement that has already been interpreted in a certain way ( and seemingly without the context it was said in , and i mean the context just in the article , not the whole speech would probably give more means to gauge the meaning behind it ) , it 's not a surprise that it has to be clarified . 
  and i 'm not sure it 's the articles that are doing this twisting , at least not all of it , since the just the context given by it is enough ( imo ) to see what was wrong with the way the guy above me understood the statement . 
  but it 's easy to ( unknowingly , even ) twist someone 's words if you go with just the headline ( as is almost the norm on reddit ) or a single quote taken out of context . 
  and that 's not a rare thing at all to see happening to politicians , in here or in general . 
   with so many negative things coming from all of the powerful countries - it 's nice seeing a country actually succeeding *** while keeping it 's dignity . 
  *** what do you mean by this ? 
  in what way have some of the other countries you were thinking of lost their dignity ? 
   she said many people had travelled from germany to syria for training with islamist militants . 
  in june , the country 's interior minister , thomas de maizi\u00e8re , said more than 800 were believed to have gone to syria and iraq . 
   `` this group has worried us for several years , '' merkel said at the event in neustrelitz , 60 miles north of berlin . 
  so , according to this statement , the is related islamic terrorism originates with people from germany traveling to syria . 
  they do n't seem to be saying that it originated in germany , specifically mentioning people traveling to syria , so , according to them it probably came from there . 
  pls invest, 
  well , this is certainly a good thing . 
   `` the phenomenon of islamist terrorism , of islamic state , is not a phenomenon that came to us with the refugees , '' merkel said at an election campaign event for her christian democrats in the eastern state of mecklenburg-vorpommern ahead of a regional vote on 4 september . 
   she said many people had travelled from germanyto syria for training with islamist militants . 
  in june , the country 's interior minister , thomas de maizi\u00e8re , said more than 800 were believed to have gone to syria and iraq . 
   `` this group has worried us for several years , '' merkel said at the event in neustrelitz , 60 miles north of berlin . 
  i think what she tried to say was that the recent refugees were n't the ones who originally brought the islamic ( isis related ) terrorism to germany , but instead it has been a problem for a lot longer , in the form of german citizens travelling to syria and back . 
  not that there is n't any terrorism related threat associated with the refugees . 
  could be a bad wording on her part or bad translation , or she really did mean to say it the way it has been largely understood . 
  i think the original confusion came from your usage of `` student '' when you meant `` graduate '' . 
  are we talking about ethnicity or nationality ? 
  it would make a pretty big difference , regarding that statement . 
  also , i think the title is helpful to those who are not very well versed in badminton . 
  but `` not that sarcastic '' , right ? 
   in 2002 , congress passed a law enabling united states forces to unilaterally storm into peaceful holland to liberate american soldiers held for war crimes . 
  that 's so fucked up, 
  come on dude , let us have this, 
  do you know why that coup is hailed as such a success ? 
  because often when a junta takes power , they 're not willing to give it up easily . 
  it was n't a given that there would be democracy after it , especially considering events , especially the coup of 25 november 1975 that followed it . 
  we know very little of the motivation of the people who attempted the coup in turkey and saying what could 've happened is always speculation . 
  we know about the other coups that have happened in turkey and what followed them , but it 's in no way a given that a successful coup in turkey would 've lead to free and fair elections and european style democracy , as happened in portugal . 
  neither the political parties nor the populace supported the coup .
