  that 's true . 
  i was purposefully taking that part of history to continue the joke . 
  yeah , and finland would conquer russia all the way to the ural mountains , with reanimated simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 firing nuclear bullets . 
  sure . 
  come on , do n't be delusional . 
  great clip , but goddamm i hate dubbing . 
  you 're too late my man . 
  way too late . 
  i * really * doubt your last statement . 
  sure , the populace would n't just give in , but soviet invasion of afghanistan level ? 
  ( talking about ukraine or just kiev alone . 
  and just guerrilla forces . ), 
  `` you 're gon na bob and weave out of the path of a bullet ? 
  that i 'd like to see . '', 
  ancient `` italians '' were n't the same thing as romans . 
  and actually in several occasion opposed rome . 
  it would be funny if scotland went ahead and named the country `` albania '' . 
  italian ancestors did n't want to be ruled by rome either . 
  i love this sub . 
  observe americans , * this * is how you banter !, 
  the norman coup d'\u00e9tat is coming to stop the referendum , i 'm sure of it !, 
  as pointed out , in 67 actually . 
  it 's a joke . 
  i 've heard this being told about several countries . 
  most notably the swedes . 
  love you guys . ), 
  as a til to some people : sweden had left-hand traffic up until 1967 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dagen_h, 
  nah , jihads are so pass\u00e9 . 
  `` europe of democracies . '', 
  i love that !, 
  you 're not alone , friend . 
  there 's a lot of disillusioned people in europe , and for a good reason . 
  that 's a reason why parties that want to `` take back the power '' , like ukip , are doing so well . 
  but it does n't help anything to give up . 
  we should still fight hard for what we believe in , even when it feels like it 's futile . 
  yeah , we do n't want to join and as a result , we are n't expecting nato help . 
  and our policy is to arm ourselves well enough to make attacking us seriously foolish . 
  not because we would expect to win , but because there would n't be enough to gain with winning . 
  why attack when you can trade and make money ? 
  why attack when by winning , you 're losing so much ? 
  or why attack when you can solve problems diplomatically ? 
  and russia telling us what to do . 
  that 's not reality anymore . 
  they 're not the ussr . 
  i get the sentiment that you would n't let it fly with you . 
  it 's understandable . 
  but a wise man accepts the realities . 
  we 're a small nation , next to a big one . 
  of course we 're going to be pressured by them . 
  we are n't letting russia to decide things for us , but they 're something we have to take into account . 
  that 's the reality of our situation . 
  as for why i 'm against nato membership , i 'm too tired ( early in the morning ) to go into much detail now . 
  let 's just say that * in current situation * , i think it would do us more harm than good . 
  and `` a lot of unrest '' is of course on a finnish scale . 
  nothing like actual unrest we see from other countries . 
  i 'm sorry , i feel like you did n't answer my question though . 
  *** what would you do ? 
  *** nato and csto . 
  both are military alliances with `` attack one , attack all '' policy afaik . 
  but i assume you were talking about nato specifically in your post . 
  and how is it hypocritical ? 
  it would probably be hypocritical to * expect * you guys to come to our aid if someone attacked . 
  but we do n't . 
  if you guys were to offer help ( doubtful ) in case of an attack , i do n't think just accepting that is hypocritical . 
  besides , when options are to be annihilated or to accept help from pretty much anyone willing and able to be help , i think the choice is clear . 
  i 'd rather live to fight another day than be destroyed . 
  and once again , we 're expecting * nothing * from you guys . 
  i made that very clear in my earlier posts . 
  we do n't want to join nato and we do n't expect anything from nato . 
  pretty simple imo . 
  hehe , how bitter !, 
  but why ? 
  would n't you take help from anywhere you could ? 
  let 's imagine a scenario : usa is being annihilated by china and foreign debt . 
  dc is just about to fall and rest of the country has aldready . 
  wealthy and newly armed russia/csto comes in a offers considerable support . 
  would you be against that support ? 
  seems like a no-brainer to me , of course you would n't !, 
  when you are in that kind of situation , you take all the help you can get !, 
  but would you want to join csto now ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and to your other point , there 's at least two alliances like that that i know of . 
  and we do n't want to join them . 
  an overwhelming majority is against it . 
  you 'd think americans of all people would respect , if not the sentiment , the consequence of it ( not joining ) . 
  in a way i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm against joining nato myself . 
  i would want to get independent eu defence working though . 
  it 's too bad it has n't happened so far . 
  but in a moment of attack , i doubt i would be turning down offers of assistance . 
  in a situation like that you have to take what you get , no matter who is offering it i think . 
  better to accept the assistance than be annihilated . 
  why would n't i ? 
  if it does n't explicitly say in the latest eu treaty that attack on one member is an attack on all , then i ca n't really expect anyone to come to our aid . 
  and i do n't expect that from nato , since we are n't a member . 
  it was our choice not to join , so why would i expect them to go to war over us , a non-member ? 
  i think the question is why * would * you expect anything else or not be fine with it ? 
  i think the reality is that if finland was attacked , we would be alone . 
  and i 'm fine with that . 
  the eu does n't have an airtight `` attack one , attack all '' policy ( and they would probably back out of that ) and we 're not part of nato .
