  first europe , then the whole world !, 
  yurop yurop yurop unity in diversity for everyone !, 
   leave after a month straight of no sun !, 
  oh you weakling, 
  i have noticed that * some * americans have a tendency to do that . 
  but are n't you being equally ignorant as those people , by saying * all * americans do this ? 
  and i did n't see anything in his comment that hinted towards that kind of thinking . 
  he said he was an attorney , but did n't emphasize being an american . 
  so , i do n't really see how the us is even relevant here . 
  it 's not the us that made that comment , but an american , so i do n't understand how it 's ridiculous in any way . 
  ( but of course the conversation has now branched to involve the us . 
  i guess it 's relevant now , but was n't really at the beginning . ), 
  i did n't say you were , i was saying that i hope it 's a joke about that subject , instead of an honest comment about how they excel at `` socialism '' . 
  thanks for the translation !, 
  i certainly did n't read it like that . 
  seems much more like a general statement to me . 
  even more so since he was speaking as an attorney . 
  i * really * do n't see why . 
  he did n't advocate for the american legal system or speak on behalf of it . 
  for all we know , he could be actively fighting to change it . 
  i just do n't see what 's ridiculous about an american attorney making that comment . 
  what would it translate to ? 
  i got a novel solution : do n't publish the pollution numbers for krakow . 
  that should do the trick . 
  did n't know there were many parties around that actually advocated for socialism . 
  i hope that 's just a joke about how especially to american right-wing , anything left of them is socialism . 
  your country does n't have to have the best record at something for you to recognize the value in it . 
  a chinese person can advocate for democracy even when china is n't being very democratic at all . 
  or a finn can speak out against alcoholism , even though it 's and issue in finland . 
  and it 's especially true as he 's speaking about it as an attorney , not as a representative of his government . 
  it seems that every group loves to do this . 
  be it christians , muslims , meat eaters or vegetarians , white or black , men or women . 
  in some cases it 's justified to feel persecuted though . 
  but whatever the situation , it 's a good way to tighten the bond between certain group to claim you 're being persecuted . 
  they have certainly taken over the `` generic-baddie '' role . 
  `` enhanced risk '' does n't mean that it 's comparable to terrorism . 
  it means that the risk is larger than before . 
  in this case , the risk towards yourself . 
  but of course i would n't say this is always the case . 
  some people go from a hateful beliefs to more peaceful ones . 
  i just watched a documentary about people who were converted from fuckhead neo-nazis to ( zen ? ), 
  buddhism and became peaceful and whatnot , letting go of their anger and so on . 
  ( fingers crossed that the sons of odin go this route . ), 
  sweden is rather progressive and seeing how this sub has been for a while , it 's considered a bad thing here . 
  but do n't worry about it . 
  as much it pains me to say this , but out in the real world , sweden has a great reputation . 
  a recipe for a disaster . 
  the person i replied to did n't say `` in modern times '' , he claimed that no country in the world ( ever ) has been made better by islam . 
  my examples are old , but still valid examples , i think . 
  the claim was n't `` everyone was happy under islam '' , but '' islam has n't made any country better '' . 
  slavery existed before and after muslims . 
  i 'd certainly say that iberia was made better by islam , even if through proxy . 
  i 'd like to think that op is just a clever karma guy and posted the mistranslation here , because he knows how well it would be received . 
   your redemption lies in defending the continent that gave you birth . 
  asia ? 
  haha , a bit poorly worded , maybe ? 
  `` that have birth to you '' is a bit too vague to precisely carry the message i think you were trying to send . 
  taking people in your home and caring for them was pretty big in new testament , if i remember it correctly . 
  also , * everyone * is twisting the scripture to fit their own beliefs . 
  he 's twisting it to say we should welcome those who need help to europe and you 're twisting it to mean that we should wall up europe . 
  people are good at finding the message they want to hear . 
  especially true with something the bible . 
  but i doubt neither of you are the devil though . 
  the golden age of islam seems to have caused some major improvement in a lot of regions/countries . 
  from what i 've read , al-andalus/iberia seems to have flourished under islam , compared to the times after rome and the disarray it caused . 
  ( not only there , but in many other regions too . ), 
  though i 'm not sure how much of it you can credit islam for alone . 
  it did seem to have an unifying effect amongst many peoples , which enabled the conquests . 
  but i guess it depends on your pov how much you want to credit islam directly and how much you 'd want to credit stronger central governance that ( possibly ) followed the conversion . 
  and so on . 
  so , a blanket statement like that seems really iffy . 
   the difference is that now we 're weak and do n't want to defend ourselves . 
  did n't much of the early push into europe happen when we were weak too ? 
  ( not that i think we 're particularly weak or unwilling to defend against an ` invasion ' . 
  the refugee crisis is dubbed as a crisis for a reason and there 's also a reason there 's so much hubbub about it and talks of unified eu border guard and whatnot . ), 
  yes yes , but why does n't the coffee maker salesman tell me about fantastic tea kettles ? 
  i 'm * fairly * sure europeans are n't going to disappear , just as the japanese are n't going to disappear . 
  socio-economical situations change and so does the birthrate . 
  at some point in the future the europeans as we think of them might not constitute a majority of people residing in europe . 
  but disappearing completely ? 
  i really doubt that . 
  why are these sinister plots so popular , even when it seems much more likely that he 's following a personal commitment to ( his interpretation of ) christian way ? 
  ( of which his work before papacy is a good indicator . ), 
  that seems a little tinfoil-y . 
  if you 've actually read the bible , especially the new testament , it seems like a much more believable reason for the statements than some sinister plot to destroy the west . 
  lucky mistake for op though , i ca n't imagine the better translation being as upvoted as the `` arab invasion '' title , haha . 
  is there a reason to think it would be like ottoman invasion of balkans ? 
  both are kinda stupid parallels to draw . 
  the sub that has angry shit about muslims multiple times every day upvoted to the top ? 
  sure . 
   drunk russian  fat american  punctual german  lazy greek  unfunny finn redundant . 
  which ones though ? 
  `` newest '' , this is n't that `` new '' though ... 
  `` someday , well float on the seas , like gods '', 
  i feel like we have a yank in our midst . 
  saintism is a side effect of the vile papism . 
  truly a scourge on the mankind . 
  talk to your doctor about luther pharmaceuticals today !, 
  more sweet cannons for us when we convert the heretics following the devil in rome to the one true faith . 
  please no , no more pseudo-finnish russian puppets , kuusinen .
