  and like i said , there 's nothing wrong with that , but i think it 's a big distinction to make . 
  no problem , my original wording could 've been clearer . 
   when the league of nations resolved the issue of \u00c5land 's constitutional affiliation in 1921 a decision was also taken to draw up an international convention . 
  the convention , which confirmed the demilitarisation of 1856 and also neutralised \u00c5land , was signed by ten states . 
  russia is not a party to the 1921 convention , but the 1940 moscow treaty on the \u00c5land islands and ** the 1947 paris peace treaty contain provisions on the demilitarisation of \u00c5land . 
  ** neutralisation is not mentioned , however . 
  it 's the part in bold that i 'm referring to . 
  seems like it 's the latest important treaty concerning the demilitarization . 
  of course the treaty of paris is older , but it 's less relevant today than paris peace treaties . 
  it 's lonely at the top . 
  but hey , go hard or go home i guess . 
  i think most parties say that if it came to it , we would have a referendum . 
  ( as i think there should be . 
  a huge decision like this . ), 
  it might be that if the pro-camp gets more support , the pro-joining politicians will be brash enough to take us into nato without a referendum after all . 
  that 's unfortunately true and that seems to be happening . 
  we 're being moved closer and closer to nato , until the politicians can just say `` hey , we 're basically in , so we do n't need a referendum ... '' . 
  as of now , pro-nato politicians are being somewhat cautious about it , because the attitudes are so firmly in the no-camp . 
  i think we should just hold a referendum and be done with it , for some time . 
  but that wo n't happen because yes-side knows they would lose and have to be even more cautious about it and no-side probably thinks there 's no need for it , seeing that the opinion is so strongly in their favor . 
  it 's not for `` no reason '' , but it 's a pretty old reason . 
  the demilitarization of \u00c5land is in paris peace treaties . 
  we ca n't just close our eyes and pretend russia does n't exist . 
  we have to make the best of the situation , by keeping on good terms with them and still being close to west . 
  that 's why we have been neutral for so long . 
  and no , even if we joined nato we could n't just forget about russia and think of that threat as `` dealt with '' . 
  most people actually think that would bring more heat in our direction . 
  ( though arguably the threat of imminent attack , which is low as it is , would probably be lower . ), 
  in addition to working in english heavy sector , you have to remember that were talking in an english language sub , so dropping in a couple of english language terms in finnish text will most likely happen more often . 
  ( and vice versa . ), 
  they 're protecting their interests . 
  if protecting our freedom and democracy happens to align with their interests , that 's great for us . 
  but that 's not why they 're doing it . 
  though it might seem like semantics , i think that 's a pretty big distinction . 
  e : think about how ridiculous it sounds when people say that russia has the best interest of the world in their mind and so on . 
  most people know to laugh at those things , but for some reason it 's somehow completely different when it comes to us . 
  superpowers and those with aspirations to be one do n't have friends , they have interests . 
  and thinking that the us ( or russia , or china for that matter ) is our friend seems just naive to me . 
  better than russia , but that 's about it . 
  i think seeing them as friends would be pretty naive . 
  similarly as seeing russia as our friend . 
  it 's not necessary , but they 're often proposed as two separate options . 
  either nato and small professional army or without nato and conscription . 
  and i have to somewhat agree with that . 
  doing both seems unnecessary . 
  well , politics and the fact that most people do n't want that . 
  57 % against vs. 27 % for . 
  to me it seems like after the first speech they learned their lesson and want to have someone moderating the discussion . 
  restrictions based on race are . 
  people do n't often have a problem when the immigrants come from other european countries . 
  but no , restrictions on immigration are n't inherently racist . 
  it 's just that a lot of racist people support them , which kinda taints the whole conversation . 
  i was kinda thinking that myself , but then again , once you 're drunk enough , you do n't even notice them !, 
  i thought it was matti meik\u00e4l\u00e4inen . 
  you have a real shot at winning . 
  the thirst is real when you go to estonia to buy nobelander . 
  i have n't seen his birth certificate !, 
  he 's a limbo expert , do n't hate . 
  i just stab their sides because i do n't want to make eye contact . 
  literally hitler . 
  the us has a lot of interests in europe it wants to safeguard . 
  and safeguarding them is n't free . 
  but it would be interesting to see the us return to an isolationist policy instead of playing the world police . 
  whole of finland is `` historically russian '' in a way . 
  well that thought did n't calm me at all ... 
  do n't want to defend themselves ? 
  that 's just a load of garbage . 
  they would n't be in nato if they did n't want to defend themselves . 
  but as it happens , the us is hammering money in military , so why would n't they take advantage of it ? 
  it 's the smart thing to do , really . 
  and like i said , i think it would be the best thing for both sides , in the long run , if the us gradually `` pulled out '' of europe and nato . 
  abruptly doing so would be a disaster for europeans . 
  i do n't know about funny , but that was pretty interesting . 
  i hope you 're saying that you hate people who say stuff like in the article , instead of just being racist . 
  yes , europe is holding the us back . 
  if only the us did n't have to selflessly protect the freedom and happiness of the world , it could do so much more at home . 
  goddamn europeans . 
  why do they force us to protect them free of charge ? 
  if only the us had a say over their own budget , but no . 
  well , in a perfect world . 
  sweden and finland are weird though . 
  not part of nato , but still have managed to achieve a very high standards of living with extensive social and educational programs . 
  it must be that costly benevolence of us that 's sweeping over them too . 
  it 's so generous of us to do that . 
  they 'll ruin themselves for the better of the whole world . 
  thank you for your service . 
  ( but honestly , i think it would be better for both sides for us to gradually scale back the level of presence in europe . 
  european countries/eu would be forced to bolster our defences and the us would be able to spend that money in something else than military . 
  maybe even social services , who knows . ), 
  i live in porkkala , which was `` leased '' to ussr as a base after ww2 . 
  maybe i should start worrying . 
  i 'd rather have our soldiers buried in our remaining land . 
  for north vietnam it was . 
  better , but a loss is still a loss . 
  even someone in / r/suomi said we won against ussr in ww2 . 
  i mean what the fuck . 
  today 's fulda gap . 
  somehow this does n't assure me of their credibility . 
  i 'm willing to take the risk . 
  so are most finns .
