  i 'm fine with that . 
  seems fairly reasonable . 
  of course people are drinking way before that and whatnot , but i 'm unsure what effect changing the law would have on that . 
  minced meat , most of the time . 
  almond paste for life !!, 
   j. j. schweppe of the schweppe 's fame ? 
  fuck , that russian water is so good , i do n't know what they use to flavour it but goddamn, 
  i accidentally drank tap water in saint petersburg ( even though i was explicitly told not to do that , but i was tired and hung over and it 's such a given in finland , i forgot ... ) . 
  well , i survived . 
  not even minor stomach problems . 
  though i was a bit stressed out about it since everyone kept telling me that st.p tap water is basically sewage or some shit like that . 
  now when people are looking at the best before dates , wondering if the food or drink is still edible/potable , i 'll just say that 's it 's fine , i drank tap water in russia you know . 
  i know it 's dumb but that 's partly why i keep saying it and laughing at it . 
  ah , my mistake , that 's what i was thinking of . 
  pump action rifles are pretty common in cowboy movies . 
  we need that law . 
  fucking bastard neighbor mowing his lawn early in the sunday morning when i have the worst hangover . 
   why would i want more than one drink ? 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  but for real , it 's handy when happy hour is about to end , when you 're downing then real fast and do n't feel like going to the counter or when there 's a lot of people and it would take a lot of time to fetch every beer individually . 
  though i 've never been prevented from buying multiple beers at once or a beer and a shot . 
  i remember there being some discussion about this , but if this is a legitimate law i 've never seen it being enforced . 
  biased msm ( mainstream monarchies ) ruined france !, 
  i think what 's the surpsing thing for ( most ) people here is that they just drop that shit to everyone 's house like it was a flyer for lidl or something . 
  they advertise on hunting mags here in finland , but i 'd be really fucking puzzled if i found an ad for aks in my mailbox . 
  i 'd probably be a little more vary of my housemates if that happened . 
  mulled wine is where it 's at . 
  gl\u00f6gi is so good . 
  hot , cold , whatever , it 's tasty as fuck and such a nice drink on a cold night . 
  a rotten steak is still a steak , does n't mean i 'd eat it though, 
  do you mean down my throat or into a glass ? 
  i make meatballs with fries because they both come in handy packages and i can just heat them up in the oven . 
  could be that they just did n't want him dying thinking he made some minor mistake . 
  `` people have been killed for less , but this is something that definitely merits a lynching . '', 
  ice cold vodka is pretty good , but i usually put the whole bottle in the freezer . 
  alcoholic , that i can tolerate . 
  but a complete barbarian ? 
  get out !, 
  i 'm going to assume you went with the trigger/murder happy american stereotype , haha, 
  looks yummy . 
  i think it 's pretty sweet looking in how oppressive it is . 
  it looks like the headquarters of a tyrant , which is a cool look in a way . 
  absolutely . 
  when i go booze cruising i make it a point to visit it and some museums or something . 
  makes me feel less like a caricature . 
  though it does n't help that i 'm hauling six cases of beer behind me while loudly and drunkenly talking finnish . 
  one thing that always strikes me as interesting is how there 's old and new so close to each other . 
  also how there 's sometimes old decrepit buildings right next to modern offices . 
  it certainly gives character to the city . 
  oh god no why, 
  pls invest, 
  i 'm hurt by both `` scandinavian '' and `` swedish '' model . 
  why do you hurt us so, 
  never underestimate irredentism . 
  in school i was told a story about this . 
  we finns discovered that we 're linguistically related to you guys and proudly came to present our discovery to you . 
  being presented with evidence that the you 're related to this insignificant backwards tribe up north , hungarians thought it was a plan by austrians to diminish the hungarian standing in austria-hungary . 
  feels bad man . 
  it 's highly entertaining trash . 
  the best kind of trash when you 're bored but also too lazy to watch anything that requires any kind of thinking on the viewer 's part . 
   everything on rt, 
  oh , it was * this * deal !, 
  we actually talked about this in school . 
  though our teacher said it was a bad deal since the germans got two almost worthless lands for it , since the river turned out to be unnavigable . 
  wikipedia seems to agree somewhat , but i do n't know enough about this particular deal and whatnot to say with any authority . 
   the river later proved unnavigable and unaccessable to the indian ocean due to victoria falls . 
  well , i , um ... touch\u00e9 . 
  `` too late to call back the invasion force now i guess ... '', 
  you traded zanzibar for heligoland ? 
  this must be before the invention of haggling . 
  ] ( http://freehansisland.com/ ) this is honestly one of the funniest websites i know . 
   facts about the canadian occupation of hans island  * no humans have lived on hans island since canada first occupied it . 
  i thought you guys had that cool one with the red hand . 
  but i 'm assuming that 's not official and probably has some unfortunate politics behind it . 
  could be i 'm just terribly mistaken . 
  how about instead of greek or macedonian flags , we 'll have a flair saying : `` the country where alexander the great is from '' . 
  gon na just pop into my bunker here real quick . 
  that 's a damn cool motto . 
  `` you 're german ! '', 
  `` no , i 'm italian . '', 
  `` what do you mean ` oh ' ??? '', 
  `` i 'm finnish . '', 
  `` so are you more swedish or russian ? '', 
  `` what ? 
  i 'm not ... 
  what ? '', 
  yeah , we already have it , so ... eh . 
  it was fun and works for us , but not sure about having it eu-wide . 
  interesting that he did n't know about amundsen , for example . 
  retaliate by going tit-for-tat or something of that sort . 
  i think that 's what a lot of people were expecting . 
  it would send a rather strong message too, 
  unity, 
  i 've bumped into them when reading about history a few times . 
  i think they 're the first muslims to settle in finland . 
  as for opinion , i do n't really have one , i guess . 
  interesting history though . 
  in the navy someone said i was a tatar and pretended to ride a horse and shoot an arrow . 
  i was quite perplexed since i have nothing to do with tatars and i have no idea why he did it . 
  could be he was somehow mocking me ( he was an immigrant , so maybe it was a `` finns are nomads '' joke ? ),
