  of course . 
  but seeing a legit vote being that unanimous is just amazing . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not trying to be sarcastic or snarky , i genuinely do n't know . 
   they wo n't be under stuff like the ttip independent catalonia whooo !, 
  but really , they implement most if not all eu policies already as a part of spain . 
  i 'd say the biggest hurdle is to not get vetoed . 
  spain would certainly veto them . 
  so would probably uk and other countries that fear the precedent it would set and have secessionist parts of their own . 
  ( just look at how eager people from uk/england to attack catalan independence . 
  it 's not without reason . ), 
  i can imagine uk doing it too . 
  and other countries that have secessionist parts . 
  out of fear that catalonia would create a dangerous precedent . 
  that would just make them sore losers . 
  you do n't want to be sore losers , do you ? 
  you 're those foreigners now . 
  i can see you and uk having a feud over this . 
  even though i do n't doubt the validity of the vote , 99 % in favor of one option is ridiculous . 
  you almost only see them in nk and such places . 
  the people in falkland islands were almost unanimous !, 
  you 'd generally want the political parties to be actually different from each other , to prevent usa-like situation . 
  well hoy hoy to you too . 
  die , most likely . 
  is n't there already a huge number of immigrants in christiania ? 
  i have a feeling that a lot of people here would n't be all that much against it . 
  some of the comments , just wow . 
  there 's a lot of moderate people against immigration , but some people just have to take it to 11 . 
  iceland - can be pretty green . 
  greenland - icy as fuck . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  of course as a finn i guess i tolerate winter weather better than most , but sweden and finland are n't alaska . 
  praise the mighty gulf stream , may you never run out of steam . 
  ( there 's only one m in coming . 
  so , `` winter is coming [ ... ] the incoming '' . ), 
  interesting fact about m\u00e4mmi from wikipedia :  originally m\u00e4mmi was eaten during lent . 
  its laxative properties were associated with purification and purging . 
  as the dish keeps well for several days , it was also a convenient food for good friday , when cooking was against religious custom . 
  so you 're not alone . 
  i have never noticed any laxative effects , even though i always cover m\u00e4mmi in a heavy dose of sugar and cream or fatty milk . 
  but then again , i think i have pretty `` strong '' stomach . 
  even st. petersburg 's tap water did n't have any effect and i drank a ton of that stuff . 
  ( `` whoops ... '' ), 
   m\u00e4mmi is made of water , rye flour , and powdered malted rye , seasoned with dark molasses , salt , and dried powdered seville orange zest . 
  the mixture is then allowed to go through a slow natural sweetening process before being baked in an oven until set . 
  [ wikipedia : m\u00e4mmi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a4mmi ) so , mostly rye . 
  i think it 's pretty tasty , but it 's certainly not for everyone . 
  the taste is n't particularly strange or anything , i think it 's the look of the stuff that 's putting a lot of people off from it . 
  which is a shame , because a lot of great dishes look horrible , despite their great taste . 
  ( though of course some people just genuinely dislike the taste . 
  nothing wrong with that , as long as people are willing to taste it before passing judgment ! ), 
  also , two fun facts about m\u00e4mmi , also from the wiki article :  m\u00e4mmi was traditionally stored in small bowls made of birch bark called tuokkonen or rove . 
  finnish packaging still prints birch bark-like texture on the carton boxes . 
  #  persians use a very similar food in the persian new year which is the first day of spring . 
  the persian `` m\u00e4mmi '' is called samanu and there have been speculations that m\u00e4mmi originates from the great persian empire . 
  finland confirmed as the true successor of the great persian empire . 
  says american in / r/europe . 
  i knew it was a good idea to hire a swedish lawyer . 
  we read funny stuff from saku , you read funny stuff from verottaja . 
  does n't look like much , but it 's actually pretty good . 
  the texture is also quite different from shit . 
  ( well , at least i assume it is . 
  maybe you could tell us  ), 
  that 's terrible looking m\u00e4mmi though . 
  m\u00e4mmi definitely looks like shit , but i 'm not sure what this stuff is . 
  looks like cholocate m\u00e4mmi or something weird like that . 
  you 're welcome , indos . 
  after all , estonian is just a fancy name for south-helsinki slang . 
  * in south-helsinki , born and raised , on toompea was where i spent most of my days *, 
  protestant for life , yo, 
   i know this will get me downvotes oh please ... 
  i love tartar , awesome with fish sticks . 
  i thought the point was : we helped the goddamn banks , surely we can help refugees . 
  you got ta admit , it 's a catchy motto . 
  if only more people got into yurop spirit , we 'd get shit done . 
  now it seems that we 're just going to be depressed and divided . 
  and that has never worked well for europe . 
  the best option imo is to get together and start doing shit . 
  this immigrant and refugee situation only going to get worse and it 's too big for single countries to handle . 
  it 's a problem that the whole of eu is facing and a problem that 's best dealt with together . 
  and i will add that i 'm not against immigration or taking refugees , but the situation is out of control and we ca n't keep doing what we 're doing right now . 
  we ca n't just keep trying to push the problem from one member state to the other , we need to work as one to get this thing sorted . 
  and that was seriously fucked up . 
  good to know . 
  just making sure you 're being consistent . 
  especially since ukip ( - types ) seem to generally be strongly against the scottish independence . 
  how do you feel about the scottish referendum and the continued fight for independence by some ? 
  the sane thing would be to just kick you out . 
  just make it quick , like ripping off a bandage . 
  that way you can go on your merry way and we can actually get to business . 
  poor jan did n't use enough proxies , that 's why he got burned . 
  finnish is an eu language . 
  estonian is an eu language . 
  croatian is an eu language . 
  even goddamn swedish is an eu language . 
   miles do n't you dare to bring your dirty units into / r/europe . 
  well it 's a pretty big and divisive thing . 
  on the one hand , it would be kinda sad to lose them . 
  it would probably feel like uk turning their back on europe . 
  on the other hand , a possible end to all the bitching ?
