  or are you denying that ? 
  this is quite minor to the outrage over the rapes , so i have no idea what the hell you 're talking about this . 
  this sub has been full of outrage and links to articles where they express outrage over the rapes . 
  how could 've you missed all of that ? 
  dictatorship ? 
  i have n't seen that anywhere , but there are some legitimate concerns over the direction of the democracy in poland . 
   i do n't care about your statistics lol, 
  what do you consider as `` responsibility to own citizens '' and what 's the threshold for `` failing it '' ? 
  so what are you suggesting ? 
  what numbers do you use to justify your world view ? 
  what sources are `` legit '' in your eyes ? 
  this sounds awfully like people are picking and choosing those sources that fit their views and disregarding conflicting views as , well , whatever . 
  in this case as downplayed numbers , based on ... what other sources ? 
  winter is best in the north and summer is best in the south , i 'd say . 
  paavo will make this country great again !, 
  explains how he got that hot young wife of his . 
  soviet brown is the best colour !, 
  i can already hear the 70 's porn music, 
  carl gustaf is the prettiest, 
  recession hit the german economy . 
  damn economic migrants , coming over here to sell used cars !, 
  historical justification like ... 
  hunting weapons ? 
  great movie . 
  i did n't know what i got into when first watching it . 
  it 's a neo-nazi thing . 
  they said they were protecting women when some of their most prominent members had domestic abuse convictions . 
  so , yeah . 
  you get the idea what sort of group this is . 
  far-right has a thing for norse gods . 
  and this is n't the most ingenious bunch , they have just imported this neo-nazi thing as is . 
  [ we finns are a proud steppe people . 
  truly the best and the brightest . 
  it would be surprising of anyone capable of any kind of complex thinking joined a gang like this . 
  neo-nazi clowns are the new nokia !, 
  do n't far-right organizations often have a good relationship with russia ? 
  russia supports them and gives them visibility and putin is seen as proud defender of white people , old values and as a hitler-esque strong leader . 
  it 's weird as hell . 
  it 's a dumb name for a finnish gang . 
  but i mean , they 're neo-nazis , so it kinda comes with the territory . 
  oh no , they 're not neo-nazis !, 
  just people concerned about the safety of our streets and the women and children walking it . 
  what , our prominent members have been convicted of domestic abuse , indicating they 're just hypocritical clowns ? 
  this is just a dirty cultural marxist plot to undermine our proud organization , how dare you !, 
  `` we 're here to protect women ! '', 
  `` you 've been convicted of domestic abuse . '', 
  `` it 's cool we 're white . '', 
  yeah . 
  this group is a joke . 
  ca n't wait for them to go away . 
  no panic attack pls, 
  to be fair , some of the former war-zones could 've calmed down enough that a return is possible . 
  is has been pushed back some , after all . 
  but of course i 'm not kidding myself and believing that this is the case with all of them . 
  that game was pretty cool . 
  i especially liked the novoaya russia campaign . 
  i used air superiority to win almost all of my games , haha . 
  [ also , the intro was so cool . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/0mekvbokx6y ) definitely up there with aoe2 when it comes to [ cool intro cinematics . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ow4cc-cz5l8 ), 
  worldviews are often rooted to a certain time and place though . 
  so taking his worldview from 1947 and implementing it now might not give any reasonable insight to how he would think on one issue or the another . 
  though i think the whole 1984 thing is parroted a lot , sometimes for a good reason , just saying that it 's a circlejerk does nothing . 
  it 's better to state why something is without substance ( which seems to often be the gist of accusing something of being a circlejerk ) instead of just participating in an equally fruitless `` counter-jerk '' . 
  i think saying that is a bit misleading , since it was more about totalitarianism overall . 
  though stalin 's ussr , which orwell was disappointed and angry with , was a major inspiration for the book , it was n't particularly about totalitarian * communism * . 
  at least that 'd my take on it , but everyone has their own . 
  example where this could be an issue is when searching for a job . 
  i * think * in finland it 's illegal to google your employee candidates , but as if people are n't still doing that . 
  ( the reasoning being that it 's your job application , your professional work and stuff like that that should matter , instead of how you look like in your facebook photo or what kind of status updates your friends have made about you . 
  but i 've only heard people mention it being illegal , i have n't researched this myself , so take with a grain of salt . ), 
  seeing how often the commentators here have n't even bothered to read the article , yup . 
  often they 're just short news pieces too , but people just go ahead and make comments based on the title alone . 
  makes you realize how important a good , descriptive title is . 
  and often when posted to here or / r/worldnews , they 're downright misleading . 
  / r/europes has a lot of interesting articles , at least the ones i see on front page have been often pretty insightful . 
  but it 's a much smaller and `` quieter '' sub . 
  then again , looking at this sub , that might not be a bad thing . 
   normal people have nothing to fear this can be used to justify a lot of shady shit . 
  i 've heard this often about ( internet ) surveillance . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying here . 
  or are you just giving more context to people who are n't familiar to orwell 's works outside of 1984/animal farm ? 
  nevertheless , it 's a fantastic book . 
  an interesting look into something that i , as a finn , have n't read about much . 
  in schools they mostly gloss over spanish civil war with : there was a spanish civil war , franco won with the help of the nazis and italy . 
  maybe the falling soldier or guernica to put one obligatory picture in there . 
  i also read for whom the bell tolls ( ernest hemingway ) right after it . 
  probably not the most varied reading material , both writers being foreigners and all , but they were both very interesting . 
  i think it 's more about sending a message . 
  `` we wo n't forget what you did . '', 
  which is kinda funny considering he probably has . 
  oh , you mean * laskiaispulla *, 
  would it really be , since you 'd have to remove those small `` hotspots '' from the english/uk statistics too . 
  in many countries in europe , there 's a problem with urban crime too . 
  it 's not just the us . 
  it 's not like he 's some random guy though . 
  he 's a us gop presidential candidate with a * lot * of media coverage and he constantly makes some pretty whack comments . 
  i know i should n't have expected one , but i 'm still a bit bummed out . 
   that 's the gdp of norway , plus that of sweden . 
  that comparison makes no sense .
