  please , i beg of you , / r/mapporn . 
  no more those . 
  i certainly hope they 're not inspired by the cecil rhodes statue . 
  an artwork would be a good compromise . 
  it could show the other side of cecil rhodes , without the need to remove his statue . 
  then the students could pass both by without paying any attention to them and everyone would be happy . 
  you 'd need to define `` of this nature '' pretty carefully . 
  often `` if you do n't like it , leave '' are n't the answer and are just used to deflect any criticism and to kill all discussion . 
  even in this case it 's a bit iffy since he 's calling for a debate , but also pretty strongly saying that if they do n't like to discuss it ( on their terms , it seems ) , they should `` move to china '' . 
  it seems like neither side is ready to engage each other in equal terms and have dug in . 
  i 'm not sure how this is a left-right issue . 
  having a mural behind the statue depicting the awful things he did is an excellent idea , actually . 
  people who want the statue can keep the statue . 
  people who have a problem with him also get something . 
  a great compromise . 
  if cecil rhodes had done in europe to white people what he did in africa to black people , you bet he would be seen as a bit of a `` controversial '' character . 
   lately he has been vilified because of his association to the bad old days of keeping slaves . 
  this is putting it * very * mildly . 
  come on now , let 's not try to whitewash the guy . 
  absolutely . 
  they 're very calming . 
  it 's especially nice when you 're actually out sailing , listening to meris\u00e4\u00e4 and drinking awful coffee . 
  life is good then . 
  but it can also be rage inducing when they interrupt sm-liiga games with them , heh . 
  tortillas tapas, 
  i always listen to nuntii latini . 
  it 's calming for some reason . 
  not the most unbiased source on the issue . 
  for those unaware , national review is a ( pretty strongly ) conservative american magazine . 
  and this is not just my gut feeling if you were wondering . 
  their mission statement ( that uses pretty grandiose language , pretty well too ) pretty explicitly tells of their political leanings and how they 're fighting/going against `` liberal orthodoxy '' ( american term ? ) . 
  so , right or wrong about their points , take it with a grain of salt . 
  then again , that 's always a good advice . 
  be skeptical . 
  at least we 've made some progress , since nowadays people pick and choose articles from both sides when they fit their world view and disregard everything else as propaganda . 
  it can be quite fun . 
  [ time : why angela merkel is the person of the year . 
  ] ( http://time.com/time-person-of-the-year-2015-angela-merkel-choice/ ) it 's an interesting read , no matter what you think of their choice . 
  well , that 's the extremist fantasy . 
  many racist groups ( usually the ones preaching the end of the world stuff and some big race war ) assume that all white people would side with them and say that they 're fighting * for * them . 
  which is laughable because most people do n't want anything to do with these extremists . 
  the police are regular people too , i doubt they would as an institution to jump behind some extremist group . 
  the police would still be going after extremists on both sides . 
  first trying to stop gangs on both sides and possibly having to try and stop terrorist attacks when some in those gangs turn to even more radical measures . 
  let 's hope this `` crisis stage '' is over sooner than later . 
  improving economy , and stability in syria and iraq ca n't come soon enough . 
  that 's when we have to face the problem of integration for those we decided to allow to stay . 
  but i feel that 's a different type of conflict from what we 're currently seeing . 
  probably not so `` in your face '' as this one . 
  well , some of them will get denied asylum status , some will return on their own once the syrian situation in syria and iraq stabilizes and so on . 
  no doubt there will be problems , but i doubt that it will keep escalating to a point where `` regular '' people ( with moderate political leanings , as in , not extremists ) will go out in gangs dishing out racially motivated violence . 
  i just hope we 've learned from our past mistakes and take integrating seriously this time . 
  half-assed integration results in all kinds of problems . 
  ( which is n't to say that taking in this many people is n't problematic , but that once we 've decided who to take an who not to , we should start seriously integrating those we allow to stay . ), 
  maybe it will be common i 'm 60 years , but i doubt even that . 
  rule of law has been a fundamental value for so long , i do n't see it changing even in that time . 
  but who knows . 
  and i doubt this current progress will continue . 
  i think we 're without a doubt in a crisis mode , but i do n't see that continuing as the same or worse for that time . 
  i believe thing will get better in time . 
  better economical situation alone would help to ease tensions in europe . 
  i mean , maybe , but i * really * doubt the culture would change that drastically . 
  it would be a huge change in european culture . 
  away from rule of law and whatnot . 
  the vast majority of people . 
  they 're the regular , ordinary people . 
  there 's two ways to understand it , one that 's about majority and what they do and one that 's imo pretty misleading . 
  first one means the majority of people . 
  if majority of people are like this or do something like this , it 's the norm and they 're the `` normal '' ones . 
  regular folk . 
  regular folk go to work . 
  they pay taxes . 
  and so on . 
  second is that they 're `` regular '' in the sense that they do n't have birth defects or something like that , or that they work in a common job . 
  it 's even more vague than the first `` majority '' definition . 
  but it 's great for when you want to make a point , instill fear or even hope . 
  like : `` ordinary muslims are terrorists . '', 
  like , i 'm sure there 's some who were born in a middle-class family , worked as a postal worker and so on . 
  ordinary . 
  but it 's kinda misleading . 
  it 's not very ordinary among muslims to turn to terrorism . 
  it 's extremism because it 's not common . 
  another example : `` regular guy beat usain bolt in running . '', 
  sure , he 's trained running for all of his life and was born with the perfect genes to enable him to be the fastest man on earth , which is quite unusual and not very common at all , but he works a regular blue/white collar job and likes to drink beer , so he 's just like us !, 
  a regular guy !, 
  it can be quite misleading . 
  where do you set the line ? 
  in either case . 
  i personally would n't consider someone ordinary if they patrol the street in a gang in order to commit racially motivated violence . 
  ordinary people do n't do that , most regular folk do n't like violence . 
  but they could be regular in the sense that they work a blue collar job , have paid their taxes and so on . 
  `` more people '' meaning there would be more extremists . 
  there 's not many as of now , but there might be more in the future . 
  most likely not a big percentage of people , but for example , 5 % is more than 2 % . 
  it 's pretty unrealistic to expect * most * to turn to violence . 
  i really doubt ordinary people will want to take any part in the violence . 
  some racists have this fantasy of the `` natives '' banding together and fighting against , well , everyone not like them . 
  but i 've always thought that was laughably unrealistic . 
  ordinary people do n't want any part in any kind of violence . 
  and i 'd imagine most of them do n't like it when extremists pretend to be doing it for their benefit .
