  kinda like how cyprus is considered european even when it 's way out there . 
  i know , that 's what makes it so bizarre . 
  some people really think sweden is close to collapse . 
  actually , defcon 1 is the highest and defcon 5 the lowest, 
  especially without any actual proof . 
  even if it was done by the government and i somehow knew it , i 'd probably keep my mouth shut and collect evidence rather than paint myself as a target right now . 
  there has n't been any actual proof and people in here are already convinced ... 
  turkey has parts in europe though . 
  whether or not you consider them european is a different matter , but they 're ( partly ) * in * europe . 
  i was actually expecting this a lot sooner . 
  you 'd think they 'd declared it during the coup or something . 
  sweden ? 
  that sounds a bit bizarre . 
  ah , i was mostly assuming based on the comments i saw there . 
  but i 'm sure she knows better than me . 
  the contrast between the two makes it much worse . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  if you have n't already , you should check out our english language sub , / r/finland . 
  i feel like it needs more people like you , now it 's mostly finns discussing in english . 
  soviet union and cold war . 
  good times . 
  that 's kinda cool though . 
  it has an interesting shape . 
  you have `` finland '' flair , so i assume you can just look outside your window . 
  it was a pretty popular style at one time . 
  so yes , there 's a lot of buildings and areas like that . 
  you 'd be correct , the top comment has more info about that . 
  empire style was in vogue when helsinki was built ( into a capital ) . 
  it 's a bit dull compared to medieval architecture imo , but definitely not ugly . 
  they 're ready the imminent transnistrian attack . 
  good old kouvostoliitto . 
  i do n't know how `` likely '' that is . 
  this certainly helped erdogan 's consolidation of power , but encouraging a coup would be playing with fire , considering what happened with the earlier coups . 
  it 's * plausible * , but `` likely '' is a bit much when we do n't even have any solid proof outside of speculation . 
  which is strange . 
  it 's not surprising that people on reddit would be unaware of the situation on ground and how popular akp is , but the leaders of the coup should 've known better . 
  not only did they do a poor job with the coup attempt , they handed erdogan just what he wanted . 
  they really fucked up here . 
  what word would you use ? 
  english is n't my native language , but i think that 's the best term for someone involved in a coup attempt . 
  unless there 's some other word i do n't remember . 
  `` coupist '' or something . 
  e : what word would you use ? 
  could be they wanted him to capitulate instead of becoming a martyr . 
  or the fighter pilot hesitated on becoming a martyr himself , on the account of the government fighter planes . 
  yeah , people are saying that this was too rushed for an actual coup , but the leaders of it being under threat would explain it . 
  it seems way more believable that they were under pressure to act and it did n't go well than that it was all an elaborate scheme . 
  people want to believe . 
  the results of this coup attempt are very disappointing to many , so it 's easier to believe it was n't an actual attempt than to believe they failed . 
  are there any actual proof for that , outside of speculation ? 
  i get why people want to believe the conspiracy theory and it * was * convenient for akp , but like , a operation this big ... 
  i really doubt they 'd be able to destroy all evidence . 
  eh , i think it 's better to wait and see what kind of material we 'll get . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there we have it . 
  thanks !, 
  i wonder if people thought i wanted clarifications on specific points or something , since they kept replying with articles with one of the quotes . 
  this is exactly what i was looking for , thanks again . 
   lol , you think putin was democratically elected too ? 
  putin does enjoy widespread support and is very popular . 
  i doubt the election results would be the same in a free and fair elections , but putin would still probably win by a landslide . 
  for what it is worth . 
  as for turkey 's most recent elections , concerns were raised about media coverage and other factors , but proof about clear ( pro-akp ) fraud has n't surfaced , as far as i know . 
  ( i did read about one instance of fraud , but that was against akp . ), 
  in a completely free and fair system their vote count would be probably a little lower , but when you consider the factors you 'd be daft to say akp and erdogan are n't popular . 
  recent kurdish attacks and a terrorist attack in a major city right before elections ? 
  akp got real damn lucky . 
   by your logic mind expanding on what you think my logic is ? 
  since to me it seems like you 're mangling it a bit . 
   they voted for the first president of turkey do put the military in such position and give them the standing order to coup every government that goes to far away from democracy and secularism . 
  and every government that follows superceded that before them . 
  but without going there , who exactly elected the soldiers ? 
  people voted for the parties in the current parliament , but what about the generals ? 
  and if you really want to stretch the definition of `` elected '' , you could say that the people voted when the tanks rolled on the streets . 
  and they voted to say `` fuck off '' to the coup . 
  it 's not really the direction i would like turkey to be heading for and it 's not certainly as free and fair election wise as many european countries , but a military clique taking power in a violent coup over a democratically elected government and the will of the people ? 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  i want to see erdogan ousted too , but i 'd like to see it happen through democratic means . 
  and if that is n't possible through widespread voter fraud and whatnot , at least get the people on board of that coup . 
  not against it . 
  many comments seem to imply ( and some even outright say ) that they thought no one but some religious farmers support them . 
  even when akp got 49 % of the total votes !, 
  ( you can see this in lesser degree with democrat vs republican talks here . ), 
  i do n't know about trap , though . 
  certainly more likely than an outright planned false flag operation , but still a bit dubious to me . 
  possibly , but less likely than the `` official story '' . 
  i ca n't find this paragraph in it . 
  i did find the `` gift from god '' part . 
   * he was quoted as calling the attempted coup `` a gift from god , '' reportedly saying it would help cleanse the military of `` members of the gang '' who would `` pay a heavy price for their treason '' . 
  * i wondered where this whole paragraph was from . 
  also , you ca n't search the page on relay 's built in browser , unfortunately , so i decided to ask since i only found the `` gift from god '' quote . 
  yeah , that 's the part i saw but did n't find rest of the quote . 
   * he was quoted as calling the attempted coup `` a gift from god , '' reportedly saying it would help cleanse the military of `` members of the gang '' who would `` pay a heavy price for their treason '' . 
  * i wondered where this whole paragraph was from . 
   `` this uprising is a gift from god to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army . '', 
  i did n't find the quote op used in the article . 
  maybe i 'm too tired and missed it . 
  e : ah , he parceled together different quotes . 
  as in , the `` gift from god '' part and the other quoted parts came from different sources . 
  it was the independent where that whole quote is from .
