  absolutely . 
  and i ca n't blame them . 
  if mexico decided to enter into a ~ ~ military ~ ~ defense alliance with china , i 'm pretty sure us would n't say that it 's perfectly fine and in no way threatens them . 
   there are already plenty of nato countries bordering russia so it does n't increase their exposure . 
  am i reading you correct here . 
  are you saying that ukraine joining nato does n't matter , since there already is a bunch of nato countries bordering russia ? 
  it does n't matter that their old ally changes sides ? 
  or that the length of their border with an enemy increases ? 
   that must be why they have joint exercises on occasion and they agreed to reduce their atomic missiles and sell the scrap to each other . 
  small acts peacefulness does n't mean that they are n't enemies . 
  you can co-operate and have a common goal with an enemy . 
  salt i & ii did n't turn enemies into friends , or even make them not enemies . 
   ... because they just invaded part of ukraine already . 
  yeah . 
  we judge things based on history . 
  nato and ( especially ) usa both have a history of aggressive acts . 
  russia knows that nato has been the aggressor before , so who not in the future ? 
  yeah , and bringing missiles to cuba was a defensive act . 
  in my mind there 's no doubt about whether joining nato is an aggressive act or not . 
  going from neutral position to anti-russia position is pretty aggressive act . 
  nato and russia are sworn enemies , after all . 
  russia gathering troops alongside its baltic border is purely a defensive move too ( hey , they are just standing there , to prevent an attack !, 
  ) , but for some `` strange '' reason , we do n't see it like that . 
  we see it as it is . 
  an aggressive move . 
  and now after russia exploited the ukrainian turmoil , it does n't ? 
  if there 's anything to learn from ukraine , that 's to have a stable and neutral nation . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  this is n't a plan any single ( small ) nation can achieve on their own . 
  but as a part of the eu , it 's very effective . 
  even without a defense pact , i highly doubt russia would be risking severe economical problems by attacking an eu nation . 
  ( they would need a * damn * good reason to !, 
  and i doubt if there 's such a reason . ), 
  there 's still call for conventional armies , but i do n't think building up massive armies is the solution . 
  having a `` i need you - you need me '' situation is what i believe is the answer . 
  we are actually planning on fighting for two weeks before surrendering if russia attacks . 
  and last i heard , even that was said to be too long , that the actual possible length was closer to six days . 
  but that would mean six damn expensive days for russia to achieve ... what ? 
  what would possible be worth it for them ? 
  and that 's our strategy in a nutshell . 
  make it too costly for them . 
  i would choose nordic co-operation over us dictating things any day . 
  nordic defense pact is the most desirable of the solutions that there are for finland . 
  but it 's not likely to happen . 
  swedish-finnish defense union is possible , but it would need a strong guarantee of mutual assistance , like a political union . 
  and that 's way harder to achieve than a pure defensive union . 
  iirc , some russian officials have even said that they wo n't `` tolerate '' finland joining nato . 
  though i do n't like the tone of that , by taking a quick look at a map , anyone can see why they really do n't wish to see a nato finland . 
  bringing yanks to finland would be a pretty aggressive act , even though it 's our right as a sovereign nation to do so , if we wish to . 
  i do n't think that re-armament is the answer . 
  i think europe is better of tying russia even stronger to rest if europe by economic means is the way to go . 
  i think some famous philosopher/theorist had something to say about this ... 
  and that 's basically the reason why finland does n't want to join . 
  e : the us centrism that is . 
  unless we go by body count . 
  easier to just repost one of the several that have already been done . 
  it 's a hawk , okay . 
  the default character in an rpg . 
  can confirm . 
  i just hope there will be a referendum , sooner than later . 
  then it will be clear where the uk stands and we can get back to work , so to speak . 
  after hearing so much moaning about eu , i think the uk might just go with us rather than us . 
  and that might actually be a good thing . 
  j\u00f6rn donner is absolutely a prick . 
  i 've personally met him . 
  it was a brief encounter but he sure used that time well to make it clear . 
  i just think it 's a hilarious thing to say about any country . 
  though the historical animosity between finland and russia makes it funnier to me . 
  i was n't saying things would n't be worse under un , just that they are n't really optimal as of now . 
  agreed . 
  seems like a reasonable change . 
   if the us keeps control , the internet stays free ehhhh ... 
  there are fat finn jokes ? 
  we put the currency after the number . 
  as is logical . 
  that would be pretty rad . 
  everyone knows that !, 
  he means the roma , not romanians . 
  twist : everyone shows up in blackface in an misguided attempt to show support . 
  hey , it 's lahti after all . 
  all debts are forgiven :'), 
  super awesome . 
  also , by forming a `` block '' , we would have more power in the eu . 
  reminds me of great quote ( allegedly by jari tervo , i was unable to confirm it ) : `` the only fault of russia concerning us finns is its location . 
  why could n't it border sweden , for example ? 
  then again , that 's what they 've tried to achieve a few times . '', 
  ( bad translation . ), 
  unrelated hilarious finnish quote about russia : `` in russia , everything is shit except piss . '', 
  - j\u00f6rn donner, 
  did n't helsingin sanomat already put up an article on the effects this will have on our image abroad ? 
  it 's hilarious how much we care . 
  the golden god, 
    even the crushing g\u00e6ld ca n't bring your spirit down . 
  or maybe it 's precisely the g\u00e6ld that brings the spirit down your throat , resulting in , 
  tobacco is what makes it more tolerable to me . 
  makes the taste smoother and not so overwhelming . 
   just do n't overdo it . 
  easier said than done with cocaine . 
   friends do n't let friends go to oktoberfest alone in the first place ... 
  some friends these people have .
