  well we could 've done that back home . 
  so we kinda just left him be miserable alone . 
  fuck that guy , trying to bring everyone down with his constant bitching . 
  no one forced him to come with us . 
  once we got rid of that guy , it was a really fun cruise . 
  though he did bitch to us about waking him up when we returned to the cabin after the bars closed . 
  like , seriously dude ... 
  he really soured my image of people from kauniainen . 
   junttien when people with this type of attitude go there , of course they 're going to have bad time . 
  what kind of idiot goes to a ferry for a good , clean , high-class fun ? 
  i feel like this american has n't taken public transport before this , haha . 
  it was that outrageous . 
  they can be a lot of chaotic fun . 
  or not , depending on the day and where on the ship you are , naturally . 
  when i was with my folks , it was mostly eating and drinking at the buffet , some shopping and that 's about it . 
  nothing outrageous . 
  when i was with my friends , well , the buffet was the same but shopping was replaced with copious amounts of drinking . 
  nothing really wacky happened . 
  probably the most out of the ordinary thing was when a gay guy started hitting on me . 
  it was unusual but nothing to live blog about . 
  on the day cruises , in the morning i 'm just too tired and depressed to do anything and in the evening i 'm too tired and hung over to do anything . 
  got ta get that cheap alcohol though . 
  ( but sailing over still beats a ferry 10-0 . ), 
   there was a gang rape on a student cruise yes . 
  these kinds of things happen , whether you 're on a boat or not . 
  it 's not that often that i hear them happening on a cruise ship , compared to when they happen in just regular city nightlife . 
   hat cruise was in general a lot worse than what this american experienced when students get together , it can make for an awful cruise . 
  though most are n't apparently that bad at all . 
  my student cruises were always fantastic . 
  a lot of fun drinking with other young people , good times . 
  you do n't really get horror stories out of the vast majority of cruises . 
  so i think saying it 's `` pretty likely '' on baltic sea ferries is a bit much . 
  of course it depends on what you 're comparing it to . 
  regular city nightlife or quiet afternoon in a good part of town etc. 
   i do n't think it 's a made up story come on now ... parts of it i 'm willing to believe . 
  such as that he was actually on a ferry and there were drunkards there . 
  but he clearly went overboard with spicing up that story . 
  i 'd like to see him go to a bar and complain how there 's drunk people and alcohol in there . 
  and some wacky characters and zany antics , of course . 
   pretty likely not really . 
  you could probably collect all these sightings from over a dozen or so ferry rides , but a single one ? 
  the guy in the pic is really pushing the believability over the line . 
  should 've come up with a couple of those amusing things and left it at that , it would be much funnier and actually believable . 
  well , yeah . 
  i assumed it was a joke and not meant to be taken as a truth in the first place , given how over the top it was . 
  what kind of ferries are you guys using ?!? 
  overnight ones have drunken people , but you 'd kinda expect that from a floating bar . 
  day cruises on the other hand are just mind numbingly boring . 
  nothing much happens . 
  probably the weirdest thing is old people dancing tango at 9am . 
  and you can live with that , most of the time . 
  nothing much happens , in either case . 
  which makes the story in the picture so unbelievable . 
  but then again , i doubt it 's meant to be taken seriously , since it 's so over the top . 
  pretty damn grand, 
  bad news guys ... 
  that 's the sort of move that can make you endearing to voters . 
  or it can make you a clown . 
  could go either way . 
  was this some special occasion or is it like this all the time ? 
  people constantly yelling over each other , showing hand gestures and whatnot ? 
  so proud right now, 
  hypothetical situation , but do you not consider french citizens who have born in france to parents with citizenship french just because they do n't look like what you assume french people look like ? 
  it 's one thing to talk about french ancestry and genetics , but it 's pretty ridiculous to say people with french citizenship are n't french . 
  if they 're living in france , can ( or could in the future ) vote and whatnot , surely they 're very much french . 
  i 'm sure some of the people here actually believe that . 
  glad to know this . 
  the only thing we need right now is far-right fucks answering to terrorism by extremist muslim fucks by terrorism of their own . 
  fuck them all . 
  they 're all over at / r / european, 
  if this thread is any indication , there should be a lot of muslim extremist apologists now . 
  `` they 're only resorting to violence because they 're desperate and afraid . 
  we need to discuss the real issue of far-right extremism . '', 
   how about not fucking society up so badly that the extremist muslims begin to gain ground in the first place ? 
  we need turkey to step up and unite the balkans against them . 
  well that 's exactly why i knew these comments would n't be the best . 
  somehow i knew these comments would be a shitshow . 
  and no doubt we 'll be seeing these clogging up / r/europe and / r/mapporn, 
  i wonder if it 's non-white people searching for porn featuring people like them or white folk getting a thing for them by seeing them in the streets . 
  probably a bit of both . 
   turkey and russia are usually not counted for europe . 
  turkey , maybe , since such a small part of it is actually in europe . 
  but russia ? 
  when is n't russia considered as part of europe ? 
  especially since almost all defintions of europe include russia up to urals . 
  i 'm surprised how tame the comments in here are . 
  there 's only a handful of people who clearly jumped straight to the comments . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  did n't expect that from this sub . 
  their message was `` do n't fuck with our criminal organization '' . 
  instead the message became : `` car bomb in germany !, 
  is it isis ? 
  discuss immigration now '' i doubt that was their best way to send a message . 
  well the article speculates that economical situation could play a part in it . 
  but it 's more likely to because of multiple reasons , not just one . 
   the decision to scale down russian operations may partly be fuelled by cost , given falling oil prices ; it could also be driven by a desire to end russia 's isolation and western sanctions . 
   the decision to scale down russian operations may partly be fuelled by cost , given falling oil prices ; it could also be driven by a desire to end russia 's isolation and western sanctions . 
  from the article . 
  but of course it 's just speculation and it 's hardly just because of a single reason . 
  i demand that the order is reversed !,
