   you can be fascinated by history without `` claiming '' it for yourself or basing your identity around it . 
  that would be where nationalism starts , in my opinion . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  what i meant with my comment is that it 's an almost unavoidable sideeffect * in here * . 
  i was talking about the discussion on / r/europe specifically . 
  not required , but almost an inevitable sideeffect , unfortunately . 
  i 'm all for celebrating the good things romans gave to us and enjoying history in general , but the title kinda already brings in the kind of discussion i wish i did n't have to see . 
  but of course that 's my personal sentiment and much of this sub does n't share it , which is fine . 
  i guess i 'm a bit salty that not everyone shares my views , to be quite honest . 
  but it is what it is , i 'll just have to deal with it . 
  ( yes but go watch the video now , he put in an annotation that says `` actually a typhoon '' over the tornado picture . 
  so it 's nitpicking * and * from the video , yay ! ), 
  they 'll tell you all about it in school tough . 
  ( overt ) nationalism and overt patriotism manifest in very similar ways . 
  also , i have a flag as my flair to indicate where i 'm from , not because of patriotic feelings but to make it easier for other people to know without having to explain the context of some of my comments . 
  `` roman empire fell because of this and now i 'm going to tell you how this parallels our current political climate . '', 
   i played rome : total war well that 's as good of a reason as any to claim heritage . 
  this stuff is n't based on anything reasonable anyway . 
  not only are there much easier explanations for the genes at least ( greco-bactrian kingdom and whatnot ) , but it 's also * heavily * debated and questioned theory . 
  the whole `` lost roman legion '' thing should be taken with a lot of salt . 
   potatoes haha , no, 
  ( actually a typhoon ), 
  i 'd like to think there was a time when this sub would 've laughed this shit out of here , but nah . 
  yeah , people like to say this but in effect they 're very similar . 
  well that would be the different definition , since finland was n't counted as an invader in that earlier map , despite what is now finland being under swedish rule . 
  ca n't change titles on reddit , i believe . 
  the question is , how was this mapped on modern political borders ? 
  the earlier map did n't count finland as an invader even though what later became finland was part of sweden , but here it 's counted as invaded . 
  and unless they actually indeed finland at some point , using a different definition from the earlier map . 
  little you know it 's actually our secret plan to invade you guys . 
  screw tunnels and balloons , we 're coming over through land !, 
  just behind sweden . 
  every goddamn time . 
  what ? 
  it would 've just made more sense , why lump everything from 2,5 to 7 together when the other colors represent a much smaller range ? 
  also , you 're not counting estonia as an eu country ? 
  or latvia or lithuania ? 
  or did you literally mean that i would be bitter over finland being geographically * half * darkish blue ? 
  not sure about that . 
  turkey and cyprus are n't included in this one ( data wise ) . 
  unemployment , alcoholism , poverty . 
  could 've divided the higher end similarly imo . 
  how about the eu ? 
  * finnish, 
  drunkard stabbing a drinking buddy with a knife over a petty argument is the typical way these happen . 
  well a typical homicide is one drunkard killing another with a knife over some petty argument , in their own or the perpetrator 's apartment . 
  might be a bit over the top compared to a simple solution of just parking a truck there . 
  did you find it chaotic ? 
  i thought the conclusion was that even though there were a few separate protests ( with different and even opposing ideologies , and not really angry mobs as much as just protests ) , it went pretty well . 
  usually anarchists opposing the linnan juhlat are causing some trouble , but i think the neo nazi thing and their opponents were kept separate and it did n't lead to anything chaotic . 
  i guess it was a bit tense between the two groups , but overall it went surprisingly peacefully . 
  hard to go back in time on that one . 
  also , preventing people from coming in does n't stop their message , which is what corrupts many of the eventual perpetrators . 
   ( paid by your tax money ) yeah , i kinda think that should n't even be a factor here ... 
  if we had no internal borders we 'd probably get everyone to finally pay proper attention to the external ones . 
  the dutch are draining the oceans as we speak, 
  at least we have each other, 
  oh , we 'll be adding a lot more than that , trust me ... 
  someone has to bring the good word of democracy and unity to the great unwashed, 
  ignorance is strength , yo, 
  it 'd be kinda silly to exclude all eu talk and banter from this sub , which consists of people from european countries , majority of which are in the eu . 
  irredentism is surprisingly popular in here , no matter how old the `` claim '' . 
  now i want eurovision but with cheese . 
  eurocheesion, 
  let 's sell it to the us as fancy european cheese !, 
  i 'm sure it would 've been part of your glorious finnish democratic republic . 
  memed his people into a revolt, 
  hannibal is a badass name though, 
  well , it 's an old name and `` dead '' in the sense that it 's not the official name nor commonly used anymore . 
  i 'd give even more importance to the official name , but sure , why not . 
  why are you asking ? 
  i 'd say when it 's officially changed and when most people stop using it . 
  yes ? 
  the army already tried that but the people or the opposition parties were n't onboard . 
  not to mention , a lot of people still support akp . 
  they probably died with that name for the city . 
  it 's better to have a blanket and lose it than never to have a blanket at all, 
  please just stop, 
  oulu is a city in finland . 
  are you saying narnia had some links to christianity ? 
  wow , they were so subtle too, 
  well that 's nice, 
  it 's not very snowy at all in general ( in southern finland ) , at least have n't been in the last ten or so years , apart from few exceptions . 
   i know you are all bewildered . 
  `` what about the king ? '', 
  seems like someone is forgetting about 6-1, 
  is that a recent photo ? 
  here in espoo there 's only a little snow and the temperature is only slightly below zero . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  i wish this would continue through the whole winter holiday , but i doubt we 're that lucky . 
  i thought it was a somewhat amusing throwaway joke , but people made a whole thing out of it . 
  i just realized that sums up much of reddit . 
  except beating swedes at their game , of course . 
  we can spent hours lining up for a free bucket , giving out free kossu would grind this country to a halt . 
  also ferries , if you 're down for some overt boozing and partying . 
  [ atlantropa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa ) my first thought was `` that gibraltar dam would be a massive target for terrorists '' . 
  nah , [ united baltic duchy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_baltic_duchy ) at least they got the flag right, 
  truly a pure bloodline . 
  i wonder how many succumbed to syphilis . 
  [ picture of the secret dutch plan for mediterranean ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b8/map_of_the_atlantrop_projekt_en.png ),
