   either this was the worst coup in the world history or this was just a sham planned by erdogan . 
   i 'm no tin foil conspiracy theorist however [ ... ] well in the absence of actual proof ( other than shit went down and everyone , including news agencies say it was a coup attempt ) , you 'd have to be a bit tinfoil-y to think it was a false flag . 
  it could be , but i doubt it . 
  i 'm willing to believe it was a legitimate attempt and the leaders of it just overestimated the support they 'd get . 
  or there 's something that forced them to do it earlier than expected and it failed . 
  damn idiots , if they actually wanted to safeguard democracy and secularity , they failed miserable . 
  haha , they made almost as big of a blunder as the people leading this coup . 
  they only strengthened what they fought against . 
  people want to believe the coup was n't real since to many people in here , it seems shocking that turks would support akp . 
  for many turks , the recent progress is n't happening despite them but because they want it to happen . 
  just goes to show why getting all your news from one source can be bad . 
   it 's clear which type of people will take to the streets in defiance of the coup people who do n't want the fucking military to oust a government they voted into power , for example ? 
  no one elected the soldiers to take power , they tried to take it by force . 
  people generally are kinda iffy about letting the army take over . 
  does n't take much to oppose a coup . 
   with a successful coup , democracy could have been restored in a few years . 
  yeah , well , maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  hailing them as heroes for something they claimed they were going to do in their propaganda is just beyond stupid . 
   the soldiers that were involved in the plot we saw the past the 24 hours were nothing but heroes we know nothing about their real intentions or what they would 've done when in power . 
  saying they 're `` heroes '' is just ridiculous . 
  where is this quote from ? 
  usually not in advance , but it 's often announced early on when the wheels are in motion . 
  in hindsight , looks like he was right . 
  the coup failed . 
   sterilize ... sterilize ... that 's kinda scary . 
  i 'm not quite as willing to give up on democracy and wish for a military coup and the following `` cleansing '' . 
  when you do n't have the support of the people or even most of the military , it 's kinda hard to win . 
  well , yeah ? 
  they ( coupists and revolutionaries ) generally do announce their coup as soon as they have secured broadcasting stations . 
  same thing happened here , the coup announcement came early on when they had secured a tv station . 
  as an estonian , this should be kinda familiar to you from history . 
  the people stood in front of tanks and whatnot , when the ussr tried to prevent your independence . 
  people are kinda eager to defend their right to choose things for themselves . 
  be it representatives in a democracy or where their country is heading . 
  my coups and whatnot have failed when the people fought against . 
  that 's pretty common in a fight against a coup . 
  for people to fight for democracy and go to the streets and try to stop the tanks from moving and to show that they wo n't allow the coup to happen . 
  it 's not dangerous enough to justify everything else there . 
  turns out the ones trying to commit the coup were a splinter group . 
  not very committed to democracy , i see . 
  also , he 's kinda right in cleansing the military when they 're actually trying to take over . 
  i 'd imagine this rogue element is n't going to have great time when they do n't even have the support of whole military . 
  when you act against the democratically elected government and the will of the people and you do n't even have support of the whole military , it 's kinda doomed to fail without outside support , and so it did . 
  that 's if you believe what the rogue element is saying . 
  but i do n't think we should just take their word for it . 
  anyhow , the coup has failed . 
  so , someone is `` fucking insane '' in turkey once a decade ? 
  let 's not pretend like the military is some democracy loving guardian of freedom and whatnot . 
  yeah , take note how to do a coup . 
  too bad they forgot to get the support of the people or even most of the army . 
  well done . 
   safeguarding democracy a coup against democratically elected government is safeguarding democracy . 
  yeah , i 'm not so sure about that . 
  a rogue military group is acting here . 
  they do n't have the support of the people or even most of the army . 
  seems like they 're acting against the democratically elected government and the people . 
  and most of the time army has acted to safeguard their own position , not democracy . 
  well , you 're not very committed to democracy if you think that . 
  and he has the support of the people behind him . 
  and big part of the army . 
  that 's probably why the coup seems to have failed . 
  how dare you . . !, 
  well , yeah . 
  but that 's exactly what we 're talking about changing . 
  open borders between member states is one of the biggest benefits to the ordinary person and very much to commerce . 
  it 's outer borders that need to be enforced better , not internal . 
  they should just look at the bigger picture . 
  it 's all the fault of jewish muslim lizard chemtrails . 
  so similar to how eu works ? 
  none of us has direct power in another country but we can affect them through the eu . 
  thanks eu and its predecessors !, 
  farage pls no, 
  we need a cool name for the operating though . 
  how about sea lion ? 
  `` looks kinda different from me , ca n't be english because i 'm english and i do n't look different . '', 
  racists are generally dumb as shit so even that might be too advanced . 
  a degree in ssociology, 
  farage pls, 
   business insider more like , business outsider , right guys ? 
  r-right ? 
  does the drooling cost extra ? 
   it was cheaper to just turn on dataroaming on my finnish phone than pay the hotel for a wifi #  dataroaming eu be praised, 
  the problem is more about the rest of the world stealing your workers . 
  uk doctors are leaving for other places , foreign workers are filling that void . 
  the situation might improve when it comes to nurses if the cap on starting positions on schools was removed ( i read it had been ) , but for now , it 's going to be bad if foreign nurses do n't find uk as appealing to work in anymore . 
  how much for a pint in london on average ? 
  brexit will make the uk much less appealing for those highly skilled workers than countries where they do n't have to deal with visas and whatnot . 
  ( at least when coming from inside the eu , or everyone but the pakistani fella in the photo . ), 
  yeah , people are arguing against the wrong point . 
  `` we 're not trying to deport these people '' or `` of course we would allow highly skilled workers here '' . 
  sure , but that 's the same for every eu country . 
  and things like this will make the uk less appealing compared to , say , germany . 
  yes , but he 's a british lying twat , not some undemocratic faceless eu bureaucrat !, 
  everyone else votes but you . 
  52 % of you did already . 
  no , but we pretend it is and spew propaganda for the uneducated . 
  dirty yank , shall i fetch the tar and feathers ? 
  ah , the invisible hand of oppression . 
  no that 's sandwich bread .
