  hey , we 're not the ones who are bitter enough to put into a vote . 
  lol . 
  let 's just cut off uk from the continent . 
  that 's what they want anyway . 
  napoleon would be so proud . 
  it 's a cherished tradition of the uk to send twats all over europe . 
  rip ibiza . 
  the reich never left . 
  it just slept waited . 
  i vote , i decide , i vote again, 
  peace between germany and france ? 
  but really , i 'd rather see a few member countries that are really willing to get into this whole eu thing than a bunch of countries in it that has to be dragged into everything kicking and screaming . 
  only the strong survive . 
  got ta love her honesty . 
   html5 : unsupported video format . 
  try installing adobe flash . 
   in europe in the us , maybe . 
  in europe ? 
  i really do n't think so . 
  we have it too , `` aatami etsii eevaa '' . 
  i have never watched that though , since i 'm not some sort of caveman jacking off to goddamn television . 
  15 minutes ? 
  how am i supposed to find the * perfect * clips to jack off to in * 15 minutes ?!? 
  * and even if i did find the perfect clips , what about the angles ? 
  you did n't think of the angles you bitch !, 
  ( haha , the angles . ), 
  no need , i understood it alright . 
  everything is suddenly extremes . 
  sure . 
  ( kinda strange comment about legit extremists committing arson . ), 
  what i do n't understand is why you left out the other end of the spectrum . 
  as if only the `` anti-immigration folk '' is the legitimate `` victim '' of this branding . 
  i was commenting about the general atmosphere in this thread . 
  it 's not a big leap to assume that the people defending the arsonists are far right themself . 
  well he * did * conveniently leave out the other end of the spectrum from that `` we 're all branded as . . ! '', 
  comment . 
  as if the branding does n't happen both ways . 
  ah the far right , perpetual victims . 
  if only the finns party truly managed to do something about their own extremist problem , instead of trying to move the focus or just staying silent . 
  or screaming `` free speech '' , when the issue is n't free speech . 
  the issue is that if you do n't distance yourself from these people , it 's ridiculous to act like a victim when people associate you with them . 
  in some cases it is n't really that hard . 
  when a member of the finns party poses with right-wing extremists in a right-wing extremist event , you kinda think that there might be a connection . 
  especially so if the party leadership fails to denounce that kind of stuff right away . 
  and it 's not like it 's the first ( or probably the last ) time this kind of thing happens and the party either stays silent or tries to shift the focus . 
  the finns party might not be a racist right-wing extremist party , but some of their members undoubtedly are . 
  and those members are hardly chastised for making it known . 
  most of the party members are fine , but there 's some seriously bad apples in that bunch . 
  guillotine 'd, 
  that 's a * pejorative * term ? 
  sounds like a great thing to me . 
  the royal house at least pretending to be regular folk . 
  potatoes should be raw and living . 
  only truly insane germans would set up a camp on a swamp . 
  the taste of bourgeoisie, 
  beer was good yesterday . 
  today it 's vile , unholy swill . 
  they were n't marines . 
  why is n't anyone discussing islam ? 
  they finally brought electricity to eastern europe , amazing . 
  i think the bigger threat is the germans walking all over your camp . 
  * netherlands take back their former colonies , world leaders a bit miffed . 
  * `` well yeah , they were kinda talking about it but we did n't think they 'd actually do it . 
  just , wow . 
  not cool . '', 
  it 's pure gibberish . 
  but that 's danish for you . 
  excellent answer . 
  yes , that hardly talked about subject . 
  well helsinki has been `` created '' twice . 
  first ( i think ) as a competitor to tallinn , which did n't turn out all that great and helsinki ended up just as a small fishing village . 
  the second time by the order of the tsar as a capital of finland , which is ( more or less ) the current form we see it . 
  ( of course it has grown since that , but it has expanded instead of taking a completely new from , i 'd say . ), 
  i was talking about that , not the original `` creation '' of the city . 
  though i admit , even though helsinki was mentioned in the wikipedia article , it 's not the clearest example of a planned community . 
   in fact when we talk about organic growth of a city , all of it in developed countries is actually planned ( how much living space , green areas , services etc. ), 
  i very much agree . 
   helsinki was certainly not very planned at all . 
  as far as i know , it was planned pretty well . 
  at least for those parts which were actually build . 
   the king just said that a city should be built here for trading purposes and after a few decades they decided it was a shit location and moved it . 
  it has been growing organically ever since . 
  you 're talking about stockholm , right ? 
  but i think this is all besides my original point , which was just to say that there 's indeed a concept of `` planned communities '' . 
  well it certainly qualifies it fits the description of `` a community that was carefully planned from its inception and is typically constructed in a previously undeveloped area '' . 
  from your previous comment it sounded like it was n't all that well planned . 
  i admit , i only know about stockholm 's early days what you 've told me . 
   do we now call all cities with such a history artificial or planned communities ? 
  st. petersburg and oslo are both mentioned in the wikipedia article , so i 'd say they definitely qualify . 
  st. petersburg is definitely a great example of a planned community . 
  stockholm , i do n't think it fits the description . 
  `` a planned community , or planned city , is any community that was carefully planned from its inception and is typically constructed in a previously undeveloped area . '', 
  of course the definition is somewhat vague and open for interpretation ( what constitutes as `` carefully '' or `` planning '' and so on ) , but sounds like stockholm was n't that carefully planned , so i do n't think it qualifies . 
  but yes , there are a lot of communities you could categorize as planned communities . 
  if that one tree falls , and no one is there to hear it , does estonia 's position on the list change ? 
  i think cold beer is part of the problem . 
  the difference between a medicine and a poison is in the amount , after all . 
  oh that tasty , tasty poison . 
  soon the expectation will be bigger than the amount of humans on earth . 
  fucking moonies , coming here ... ( i know `` moonie '' is already taken but it 's cool , i 'm repurposing it . ),
