  brave enough ? 
  you do n't really need to be brave to support a position most people ( i 'd say ) are already behind of . 
  the aid does help raise their quality of living . 
  which helps us in industrial level and when considering the push-pull effects that encourage people to come here . 
  of course aid is just one part of the whole issue . 
  it has worked pretty well in the us though . 
  a lot of different cultures but also a common american culture . 
  that 's the point of stick and carrot . 
  carrot for those helping us and stick to those not helping . 
  not to forget that to make such investment and journey , there needs to be a serious push effect too , in addition to the pull of europe . 
  we are n't going to downgrade quality of living of course , but by investments we can improve theirs and reduce the push . 
  of course it 's smart to at the same time diminish the pull by better enforcing the borders , but that 's already happening . 
  i think a stick and carrot tactic like this could be effective . 
  rewards for those helping to curtail the flow of migrants in their own countries and stick to those letting everyone through . 
  eu taking charge ? 
  no , that 's federalism and that 's evil . 
  this is the article that should 've been posted here . 
  baseball ? 
  now that 's just sad . 
  i agree . 
  but unfortunately the association with your own history is not something you can get away from . 
  the germans do n't even want to forget . 
  but the side effect of that is that some fools will always pester germany about their nazi past . 
  it 's nearly impossible to wash away a stain like the likes left by nazis , but trying to deny it is certainly not to move forward . 
  hell , for a while even russia , as the successor state of the ussr was moving towards the path shown by germany . 
  ( unfortunately that has grinded to an almost halt with the rise of fierce nationalism in russia . ), 
   there is an ongoing controversy regarding the way these statements are categorized , that being the question whether they are formal apologies or general statements of remorse , each of which carry a different level of responsibility and recognition . 
  i think this is the issue . 
  some people feel that their statements are rather `` it 's a bad thing and it is bad that it happened '' instead of `` we did a bad thing and we recognize that we were bad '' . 
  at least that 's what i 've picked up from the conversations regarding this . 
  i do n't have a personal opinion about it , i do n't know enough to have an educated one . 
  it does pop up in european media from time to time . 
  i do n't know what outlets the above guy is following though . 
  i do n't think turks make for cool movie baddies though . 
  at least not as cool as commie russians . 
  especially being allies of germany and most of europe . 
  but i 'm willing to give it a shot . 
  i mean , no nation/state is denying it . 
  but there 's a lot of invidual retards who think it did n't happen . 
  it 's kinda funny , the people who are loudest in their denial are usually the same people who would actually like to see jews put into oven . 
  `` nazis never killed any jews , but they totally should 've . '', 
  it 's just such a bizarre stance to take . 
  there 's not a single thing she does n't get blamed for . 
  thanks merkel, 
  i 'm sure merkel is personally behind all of this, 
  in what way is it a bad thing , if i may ask ? 
  you 're saying that like it 's a bad thing . 
  well spent i 'd say . 
  we can make this relationship work , i promise !, 
  i 'd rather build that future with the uk , but if they do n't want to be part of it and actively fight against it , i think , sad as it is , it would be better to go our separate way . 
  but damn , it would still hurt me to see the uk go . 
  this alone is a great reason to love erasmus . 
  nothing says unity like two students from different countries coming together and making babies . 
  and i 'm only half joking . 
  gentlemen 's special interest literature . 
  but they also can joke about a lot of stuff they could n't 40 years ago . 
   i appreciate the point you 're making but your statement there is ridiculous hyperbole . 
  / r/europe, 
   left and right could just generally describes the ideology of an open-subset of group along the political spectrum . 
  well i just now realized i 've actually seen `` right-wing '' used as an ( insulting ) descriptor before , but mainly when the discussion was about american politics . 
  i think the use of either one stems from a biased or misunderstood meaning of what the `` left '' and the `` right '' consist of and people from the other side viewing the other as something negative . 
  and i do n't think there 's any disagreement over using the extreme side of right or left as an insult . 
  it 's almost a given . 
  ah , my bad . 
  i completely missed the joke . 
  that would certainly be a reason for the distrust of the qualifications . 
  i do n't remember which country i read this about but i think they were fastracking the comparison of some ( high level ) syrian degrees , such as doctors and the sort . 
  i hope they find out they 're comparable or at least in need of just little extra training , because having a degree like that and still having to apply for low paying menial labour jobs would blow ass . 
  but i have no idea how the degrees compare to european standards . 
  of course there 's a language requirement and whatnot , but still . 
  that 's often the case . 
  though i admit , it does seem to be more prominent when the topic is controversial . 
  when was sweden socialist ? 
  i know a part of finland used to be ( nominally ) during the civil war , but i do n't think same is true of sweden . 
  there 's english translation and a more descriptive tag now . 
  so you 're right . 
  not all of them were able to search for a job . 
  about a third was allowed . 
  the overall percentage of employed is still awful , but at least it 's not as awful as the title alone would make you think . 
   if you have sources , facts , laws , whatever do you know what sub you 're in ? 
  well it 's three times better than what you 'd assume from the title . 
  it 's still an abysmal percentage , absolutely , but the title is certainly misleading with their numbers . 
   they 're only going to recognize qualifications that meet their standards in order to get competent employees . 
  ideally it would work like that . 
  but in many cases and in many fields it 's hard to compare qualifications . 
  comparing them takes time . 
  so some people might go without a job because their degree etc is n't recognized as comparable yet . 
  it was an effort to recognize comparable qualifications between european countries and even in that respect we 're not completely there yet . 
  i 'd say it often comes down to ( justified or not ) distrust of the foreign qualification . 
  and i doubt many are willing to take that risk if there 's someone with a recognized qualification applying for the same position . 
  well , it * is * a crisis . 
  well the title * is * a little misleading . 
  i do n't think the `` misleading '' tag ( which has been now changed to a better , more descriptive one ) is even supposed to say it 's better or worse . 
  just that the title is misleading . 
  and i mean , it does make it a lot better . 
  three times better . 
  but in the overall scheme of things , yeah , it 's still pretty damn bad . 
  well , the title is misleading , considering not all of those were allowed to search for a job ( which is what you 'd assume from the title ) . 
  though they 've changed the simple `` misleading '' tag to one that 's more descriptive , which is a good thing . 
  i think you 're on the wrong continent for that,
