   so the alternative `` the alternative '' . 
  i do n't know how you can turn that into something else . 
  well i was thinking more of the modern country , but fair enough . 
  i was n't trying to say that nato coerced those countries to join , nothing like that !, 
  just that it 's in nato 's interests to encircle russia , so it seems likely that nato would be trying to encourage countries surrounding russia to join . 
  i know that all the countries joined willingly and out of the fear that russia might be trying to go all russia on them again . 
  yeah , but you 're all so young ... we want to be with the cool older kids !, 
  ( i know many in baltic countries consider their countries older than 1990 's , with the time from early to late 1900 's being an occupation . 
  i 'm just joking around . ), 
  hard to say . 
  it 's in nato 's interest to have russia surrounded and `` contained '' , the countries that are bordering russia want to join , both the joining countries and nato as a whole benefit . 
  i 'd say nato definitely wants to surround russia ( to a degree , china for example probably wo n't be getting in ) , but are they actively seeking it ? 
  ca n't really say . 
  probably not very actively , at least . 
  we just want to be part of the cool kids !, 
  that 's what we 've always wanted . 
  and to be better than sweden in everything . 
  mostly in ice hockey , but also everything else . 
  we just want to be cool ... 
  i was thinking more about the quality of life/standard of living stuff . 
  social security , crime rate and stuff like that . 
  but hey , three lefts make a right !, 
   also same time they should give us back the lands behind the russian border what we never got back ... 
  this mindset never leads to anything good . 
  i hate to see it here in finland . 
  wanting to get back the lost areas is futile and even dangerous . 
  it opens a big can of worms . 
  `` if they get their areas , back we want our areas back too '' and so on . 
  i hope people here in finland would just abandon the whole thing . 
  we lost those areas , they 're now somebody else 's and there 's someone else living there now . 
  it 's too late . 
  e : [ irredentism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irredentism ) is the word i was looking for . 
  `` hey , it 's not our fault you decided to get rid of our loving embrace ! '', 
  i think is the only reaction needed here . 
  you have nato , so it 's * preeeetty * clear that russians are just mouthing off . 
  i honestly feel like it 's often the countries further away from russia that are really scared of these things , on our behalf . 
  i have a feeling that we finns would be seriously considering joining nato if we thought there was a credible threat . 
  as of now , it 's just the usual russian bullshit to keep their citizens busy . 
  `` look everyone , russia strong , russia scary !, 
  putin make russia strong and scary ! '', 
  yeah , right . 
  thanks man , it was a sweet deal . 
  to be fair , is n't nato kinda trying to do that ? 
  encircling russia with nato countries ? 
  not that there 's anything bad from a western pov . 
  if russia did n't want their neighbors joining , they should 've treated them * a little * better , me thinks . 
  well we 're fucked if we 're right back at being a baltic country . 
  all the hard work to make us `` nordic '' wasted ... 
  those are the only two options , huh ? 
  eli5 : red is usually the colour of leftist parties , green is usually the colour of ... green parties . 
  they already have all kinds of wars against themselves ( war on poverty , drugs etc ) , this would n't be anything out of the ordinary . 
  i thought people generally though of canada as a better place to live than the us ... 
  well using the word `` allowed '' instead of `` allowed to without criticism '' gives of a vibe that i 'm somehow trying to prevent him from making his statement . 
  which is n't true as you noticed , just saying that it 's awfully elitist thing to say . 
  and elitism has n't usually gone over well in here . 
   it 's only the people who used to live above the middle class in damascus who are actually at least dressing and behaving well . 
  i do n't know , kinda hard to make your point when he makes this comment . 
  seems like you 'd really have to creatively interpret that statement to turn it into something other than elitism . 
  i 'm familiar with the reaction . 
  i can say shit about my brother , but if someone else says shit about him , i 'm not going to stand for that . 
  it 's natural . 
  but what i 'm having trouble understanding is how people in this sub are okay with him saying things like `` 90 % of syrians who are making it to europe are the `` zbaleh '' ( garbage ) of syrians '' or `` it 's only the people who used to live above the middle class in damascus who are actually at least dressing and behaving well '' without people seriously calling him out on elitist bullshit . 
  especially when he said `` some of us were living the best life back in syria with very good education '' . 
  that just seems like grade a elitist bullshit to me . 
  `` fucking poor garbage people , ca n't even dress or behave properly . '', 
  there is n't even a hint of subtlety about this . 
  i doubt i could bash finns in sweden like this without being called an elitist . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  but it 's not possible to verify them now . 
  we just kinda have to trust rt. 
  and knowing their track record , i 'm not gon na believe in anything they say , without some other source backing them up . 
   you do n't think him both living in sweden , being a member of the syrian refugee community , and having first hand contact with their often ill-mannered behaviors qualifies as a good factoid , if not a well deserved anecdote ? 
  maybe an anecdote of questionable factuality . 
  nothing more without the actual facts or evidence you asked me to provide . 
  i have lived in finland my whole life , but that would n't make my elitist comments about the finnish poor people any less elitist . 
  neither would it mean my comments have any truth in them . 
   nothing at all resembling elitism . 
  i certainly think it fits the definition . 
  someone who was `` living the best life back in syria '' looking down on the lower class `` garbage syrians '' . 
  i 'd definitely call that elitism . 
  kinda hard to verify , when the politician `` asked not to be named '' . 
  that 's really the part i was concerned about . 
  for the rest , i ca n't say . 
  seems to be true , even though i was unable to find other sources . 
  ( it 's mostly right-wing news sites citing rt or worse . ), 
  fair enough , english is n't my first language so i 'm not entirely familiar with the full connotations of the term `` calling out '' . 
  i thought it included what i did , saying that the elitist mindset is elitist . 
  `` 90 % of syrians who are making it to europe are the `` zbaleh '' ( garbage ) of syrians . 
  it 's only the people who used to live above the middle class in damascus who are actually at least dressing and behaving well '' , `` some of us were living the best life back in syria '' . 
  how do you even present facts against that , when he provided none ? 
  should n't he be the one providing the facts in the first place ? 
  without facts , his argument sounds awfully lot like a bunch of elitist bullshit . 
  what ? 
  he asked if the guy i replied to was n't allowed to voice his opinion . 
  and i said he absolutely is . 
  he is allowed to say whatever he wants . 
  however , people are also allowed to call them out for it . 
  for the political correctness part i do n't even know what to say . 
  what does political correctness have to do with any of this ? 
  and what 's the strawman here ?
