  the market will be different with changes like these , but big streaming giants are n't just going to pack up and leave . 
  that 's just silly . 
   i do love the delusion in here sometimes right . 
  and if netflix were to close shop , someone else would step in their place . 
  capitalism . 
  having a big and dangerous bully near you will make you look for options to safeguard yourself . 
  similarly to why the baltic countries are in the nato . 
  you 'd assume the nazis would be on far right . 
   you say the our old president was n't fan , but she has now moved to us and teaches in harvard . 
  oh wow , i did n't know this . 
  ( i did some googling and this seems to be somewhat recent development . ), 
  even using vague definitions , i would n't say we 're `` friends '' with the us . 
  our relationship is a bit difficult . 
  a lot of people here do n't really care that much for the us . 
  the old president was n't a fan , neither is our current foreign minister . 
  the only thing that really keeps this friendship floating is the nato-aspirations of certain politicians and parties . 
  kokoomus for example ca n't get enough of the us , and the current prime minister and president both are fans . 
  ( though sauli seems somewhat careful , seeing that he 's supposed to have good relations with putin . ), 
  with russia , we 're somewhat friendly , but that 's partly because they 're the kid who threatens to beat us up if we play with the other kids . 
  i think what we have with the us is common interest in making sure that russia does n't get any ideas . 
  and i would n't say that 's enough to make us friends . 
  when it comes to lot of things , we just are n't on board with the us . 
  i would argue that not allowing russia to attack eu countries would be in the us 's interest in general . 
  letting russia have a foothold in finland could have repercussions which could hurt the us interest in the area . 
  but the us fiercely protecting those interests , even going as far as possibly starting a huge war , i would n't count on it . 
   also , your argument applies to superpower and non-superpower alike . 
  it does , but i feel that it 's even more true when it comes to superpowers and those with similar aspirations . 
  i agree on your point . 
  and yes , let 's hope things stay relatively uneventful . 
  i doubt much more will happen in here , but unstable russia is an unpredictable russia . 
  it 's not surprising . 
  of course people from the west are biased in the opposite direction compared to russians . 
  but it 's ridiculous because those same people are often claiming they are n't biased , at all . 
  we know to laugh when someone says russia has the best interest of the world in mind , but when someone claims same of the us , they get upvotes . 
  and this is on a website/subreddit that claims they are n't biased or believe in propaganda . 
  but yes , it is n't that surprising . 
  people in europe of course have a more positive look on us and probably would like to believe in better things about it . 
  i agree . 
  but i think the second motivating factor makes it something else than altruistic . 
  the us has interest in fucking over russia . 
  though it 's of course not black and white . 
  the us has interest in europe and fucking over russia , but part of why the us would help europe is because of the bond us and europe largely have , and the genuine wish the help european countries . 
  but like i said , i think the world is greedy with hints of altruism rather than the other way around . 
  in this case , it would be a country that likes you and looks out for you out of goodness of their heart , in short . 
  and pretty much no one does that . 
  it 's not how the world works , unfortunately . 
   it is especially among the public . 
  there is little value in being world police and we will only see our economy do better once we pull back . 
  especially when a lot of europeans are constantly saying that . 
  until we 're threatened , of course . 
   europe is n't really under any major threat and if they were they 'd do fine without americans dying . 
  those people would be better used upgrading and repairing infrastructure at home and cutting spending . 
  i 've often said this , but i think the us pulling back could be better for both sides . 
  the us could focus on projects at home and europe ( especially eu ) was forced to bolster their own defense . 
  in the end we might see a stronger us and eu ( / europe ) . 
  but who can really say . 
   that 's the thing , the interests the us has would still be protected with or without the us military so it seems different . 
  life would go on pretty much unchanged in europe if there was no nato . 
  i think if the military aspect was absent or scaled down , the economical closeness would takes its place . 
  and like you said , american interests would still be protected . 
   furthermore , i think to claim that any us assistance towards finland is to ignore the bond between the us & europe . 
  admittedly it is n't as strong between the us & finland compared to the uk or france , for instance . 
  even still , the us protecting finland is by extension indirectly protecting the rest of europe that we may have a closer bond with , which is altruistic even if it is n't altruistic for the sake of finnish folks . 
  i 'd say the bond with the us and europe ( or just nato-countries in europe ) is n't altruistic either . 
  both have an interest in the other . 
  europe needs the us and the us needs europe . 
  but i agree , it is n't as black and white and i make it out to be , but it is a safer bet to rely on greed rather than altruism . 
  and i 'd say that it 's a greedy world with hints of altruism rather than the other way around . 
   i ca n't claim to know all of the government 's interests regarding finland , but i think the american public would hate to see anything , russia-related or otherwise , threaten finland 's sovereignty . 
  i 'm sure . 
  but sympathy is n't something i 'd rely on . 
  but it 's still appreciated , of course . 
   you 're not . 
  well , let 's hope so . 
  but i think it 's not unreasonable to assume that the level of interest the us has in protecting every single country in europe might go down at some point . 
  especially if they 're unwilling to join nato . 
   that 's how the entire world works . 
  pretty much . 
  which is why it 's so strange to see people think it would be somehow different with us . 
   yeah , it 's not that we like you . 
  we just do n't like russia . 
  and nothing wrong with that . 
  that 's how it works when it comes to superpowers and those who would like to be one ( again ) . 
  and it 's not like we are n't exploiting that too . 
  but even though the old saying talks about `` enemies of my enemy '' , that 's quite different from my understanding of `` friend '' . 
   seriously , though , wikipedia says finland has no oil . 
  how exactly are you expecting the us to backstab you or throw you under the bus ? 
  we certainly are n't going to try to annex you . 
  it strikes me as pretty strange is all . 
  i 'm not expecting that , rather i know that the us is putting up speed bumps because they hate the bus . 
  i 'm not expecting the us to get us from under the bus if it decides to ram us . 
  as in , the us has no obligation to protect us . 
  it 's nice that it 's showing us some support , but i 'm not expecting it to start ww3 because of us . 
  maybe an insurance company would be a good example . 
  i do n't think the insurance company is looking out for my best for the goodness of their hearts , but because they have vested interest in me . 
  if i stop paying , they stop caring . 
  and at some point , that might happen to us and finland relations . 
  it 's not about me fearing the us is going to backstab finland . 
  or annex us . 
  i 'm just saying the us is n't doing this because they are our friends , but because they have interests in protecting us .
