  yeah , i seem to be missing the point here too . 
  easterners seem to be jubilant over this and i have no clue why . 
  and all we hear is `` bar bar bar '' . 
  we all know where the penis actually is . 
  even funnier in 2 $ coins , without norway . 
  it 's so visible . 
  just a note , the story is set in 1872 ( book published in 1873 ) . 
  we finns often take slow as shit ships to sweden and estonia , because the cruise is pretty pleasant too . 
  of course we both know that what we 're really coming over for , but boozing it up on a overnight cruise before `` working '' is kinda fun . 
  based on a trilogy of books by william golding ( probably best known for lord of the flies ) . 
  the books were fantastic . 
  and also , i 'd imagine a regular voyage was n't as terrible , since they had a really rotten luck on that particular one . 
  wait , they made movies out of those books ? 
  i loved the trilogy . 
  now i 'm on the fence whether i should watch the movie or just stick to my imagination . 
  he might just own a map and some knowledge of history . 
  that actually looks quite fun . 
  so that 's why you left our mighty finno-ugric tribe and did n't come to our promised land . 
  splitters !, 
  do you have something to back that up ? 
  it sounds like bullshit , worst threat i 've heard recently from russia was `` grave consequences '' to turkey for shooting down the plane , but even that was n't directly related to nukes , but more to conventional military and trade . 
  but how can it be funny if it is n't factual ? 
   there are the few crazy ones who say there 's a civil war in the ukraine there is n't ? 
  russia is undoubtedly supporting one side in the conflict , but surely it 's still a civil war ? 
  i suspect when ussr was still a thing , it was actually scary and threatening , instead of just a nuisance . 
   the balts are the ones threatening to use nukes every other day , right ? 
  are you saying that russia is threatening to use nukes every other day ? 
  he was trained well . 
  that 's a really fucking dumb idea . 
  then again , finland is n't in nato , so what do i care . 
  maybe we can be the ones to rebuilt stuff and benefit from it all . 
  that would be kinda nice . 
  our economy is n't doing all that well , so for nato and russia to get this all out of the way and the trade starting to flow again could be just what our economy needs . 
  it 's just what you do to keep on top of the capabilities of your possible enemies ( and allies , and neutral countries ) . 
  i 'm not trying to gaslight you , but i 'm not seeing anything like that . 
  and it seems the comment has n't been edited either . 
  clearly they 're not integrating so they should be kicked out !, 
  i 'd say `` maatalous '' is the better translation for agriculture , since it clearly includes both parts ( plant and animals ) , whereas `` karjatalous '' only means the animal part and `` maanviljely '' * can but not always does * ( confusingly ) include both . 
  i 'd go with : agriculture = maatalous farming = maanviljely ( which in both languages can but not always will include the animal part , i 've often seen both used for just the plant part ) animal husbandry = karjatalous at least that 's the way i 've usually seen those terms used , but in both languages it 's kinda vague and confusing and full of overlap between the first two . 
  well of course it does . 
  diversity and federalism to you , yuropean brother . 
  but really , when i 've heard people complain about the use of antibiotics , bleach and whatnot in agriculture , it 's been mostly about the us . 
  but it could be the sheer size of their agricultural sector that 's affecting the discussion . 
   bar bar bar bar can someone translate what this uncultured brute was trying to say ? 
  give it to the turkish side , out of spite . 
  `` maatalous '' in finnish , which just means `` land economy '' . 
  here 's the thing ... 
  it 's kinda sad though . 
  i wonder what the comments would be like if it was mandatory to read the article before commenting . 
  then again , this article is in german , so it takes extra effort to read it . 
  which makes sure even fewer people will read it . 
  i think the whole of toompea looks awesome . 
  is n't this just a myth ? 
  i think you should either note that in your comment or provide some proof for it , i 'd hate to see people being misinformed either way . 
  nah , just typical eyes wide shut stuff . 
  time does n't seem to agree with you . 
  and it 's time 's opinion i was really talking about , not some objective truth . 
  it can be both , as seems to be the case here . 
  at least most countries have the sense to make allies with and arm people * after * warring with them , not before . 
  and it 's pretty fertile , i think . 
  that 's why people settle near them even when it seems insane . 
  how can you even fuck that up ... 
  but then i would have wine and not beer ... 
  you 're just salty because you do n't have a coast anymore . 
  st. petersburg is absolutely stunning . 
  took a cruise from helsinki there . 
  * sprinkles jet fuel on the suspect *, 
  only way it was a victory is in respect to national pride/image . 
  militarily we did good at first and soviets did way worse than people expected . 
  but in the end our armed forces were near breaking and soviets were already starting to improve and could have kept the offensive going . 
  and our greatest ally , harsh winter , was on retreat . 
  our military leaders were pushing politicians to negotiate a peace before we were completely broken . 
  militarily we were most certainly defeated , even though we performed well with what we got . 
  politically , i guess it depends what you mean by that . 
  our fierce resistance did wonders to our national image and improved our negotiating positions . 
  image-wise a victory , but we were still the ones that had to admit defeat . 
  we fought hard and well and there 's no shame in any of it , but in the end it was a clear loss for us . 
  there were too many of them and too few of us . 
  that 's just how it goes sometimes . 
  i guess you could consider it a victory , even we do it with `` torjuntavoitto '' , but it 's really just a less sucky defeat . 
  and it was mighty sucky , but could 've been worse , way worse . 
  i do give them a lot of credit , i just do n't let myself get carried away by it . 
  true , but `` not being annihilated '' is still far from any kind of victory . 
  it 's just `` losing with style '' . 
  sometimes you just need to admit it to yourself . 
   i hope people would stop being edgy what are you on about ? 
  how is saying what i said `` edgy '' ? 
  i hate when people just throw around that kind of accusations . 
  e : i ca n't get over how annoying it is when people throw around words like `` edgy '' and whatnot when they usually just mean `` something i do n't agree with '' . 
  you see it way too often on reddit . 
   painting complicated political history and happenings into nothing but black and white truths . 
  you can simplify things to a degree and still be speaking the truth . 
  too much is too much , but saying that we lost lost and soviet union won is n't going too far . 
  we did my lose quite as badly as we could 've , but we were n't really close to winning at any point either . 
   but no , it was a complete and utter defeat for the finns and complete success for the soviet union . 
  do n't put words into my mouth . 
  if you have to resort to that , you should think twice if your comment is even worth making . 
  that said , ussr crushed us . 
  our armed forces were near breaking in the end and our compete defeat was very close . 
  so we agreed to their original demands and more .
