  people goddamn love to call everything a fallacy without any explanation on how exactly it was a fallacy . 
  what are you on about ? 
  allowed ? 
  am i censoring him or something ? 
  you 're * allowed * to have all kinds of beliefs , but do n't be surprised if someone calls you out on it . 
  fucking plebs , do n't know how to behave , am i right ? 
  i 'm pretty surprised that this comment is as heavily upvotes as it is , with elitist views being generally a little frowned upon in here . 
  knowing that russia supports right-wing parties in europe , i wonder why more people are n't calling this propaganda . 
  i mean , people call all rt stuff propaganda , but somehow this gets a pass ? 
  one is a short term solution and one is a long term solution . 
  i think we 're trying to achieve both , but surely you must know fucking hard it is to turn a country torn by civil war into a successful and stable country . 
  thanks / u/scimitar1, 
  sorry about that , i was already kinda riled up over the previous thing you mentioned in the edit . 
  everyone knows what he 's saying here . 
  if he wrote a lengthy comment in french and refused to translate it , that would be something to be annoyed over , but this ? 
  racists/bigots seem to always think they 're being persecuted . 
  if it 's not legislation , government as a whole , an admin , moderator or whatever , then it 's those damn minority groups that are keeping the majority man down . 
  that would be impressive enough to just let them in . 
  depends on the kind of whore i guess . 
  i personally only dip into the finest of products , shipped in from upper class families of france . 
  / r/europe cheers, 
  probably depends on how big the numbers in those letters are . 
   the leftist dream the what now ? 
  / r/europe has been like this for as long as i can remember . 
  it 's pretty ugly . 
  also atlantic wall in ww2 . 
  and we all know how well both of these worked . 
  no but it 's cool because they 're uhh . . they 're ... * european * ... 
  this just seems great all around . 
  if someone has to die for our freedom , why not these idiots ? 
   living in france desensitized me from getting offended at shit . 
  the french are famous for how rarely they 're offended . 
  i do n't know whether he looks vaguely like mohammad or manson . 
  `` rational '' really is n't the first thing ... 
  i fully expect that retard to be going for a `` suicide by muslims '' . 
  no way . 
  if you plant enough rape seeds , a pillage tree will grow . 
  i could call it outright racism , but i think russophobia is a better catchall term for it since it includes the subtler and the nastier aspects and one of the reasons for it . 
  finland is currently doing what finland did in the 60 's . 
  ( that 's if you want to compare it to something . ), 
  just with more success , freedom and with less danger . 
  i doubt it . 
  not that people really want the `` old lands '' back . 
  we lost them in a war a long time ago and now other people live there , it 's over , done . 
  and i really doubt suddenly having a large minority of russians would change things for the better . 
  and keeping the hate solely on the state and not the people is a damn though role to walk on . 
  it 's hard to keep the nation separate from the nation state . 
  i definitely understand it , i just kinda hope we would be over that at this point , apology or no apology . 
  but then again , i doubt we 'll ever get `` over it '' . 
   so russia is n't flying fighter jets and whatever else up to finnish airspace on an almost weekly basis ? 
  they are , but i did say we have nothing to worry about . 
  even if they were doing it nearly as frequently as you said . 
  it 's honestly just business as usual for us . 
  and with georgia and ukraine , the signs were definitely there . 
  lucky for us , the things that made those countries vulnerable are n't present here . 
  i 'll start to worry when we have separatists and a weak central government and army . 
  until then , it 's just some bullshit sabre rattling . 
  and we 're * very * used to that . 
  used to be a lot worse too . 
   we 're all going to be waiting an awfully long time if anyone with integrity has anything to say about it . 
  you know what they say , it 's easy to be brave behind a wall . 
  i mean , integrity is great , but at the end of the day , russia will still be there , right next to us . 
  and that 's something we have to live with . 
  might as well make the best out of bad situation . 
   russia is n't behaving like a modern nation state anymore . 
  they 're expansionist and those in charge seem to believe that foreign policy doctrines from the 19th century are still in effect . 
  i do n't think the rules ever changed . 
  it 's just that a lot of people got unreasonably hopeful after the ussr broke up . 
  and after a short hot shower the cold water feels extra icy . 
   who the hell would have thought russia would invade ukraine 5 years ago ? 
  no one . 
  that 's why they 're a threat : they 've become utterly unpredictable and capable of the unthinkable . 
  hard to say whether it 's just captain hindsights in action , but a lot of people claim they saw this coming . 
  and the signs were definitely there . 
  i think it 's just that most people thought russia would n't dare . 
   i think finland joining nato would ratchet up tensions like crazy . 
  but i do n't think you have nothing to worry about . 
  we should all be concerned about the path russia is embarking upon . 
  i am concerned . 
  but not for us , for ukraine . 
  let 's hope they manage to cut their losses at crimea . 
  i fear that the possible federalist state would be even more susceptible to russian aggression and separatism than the current state . 
  we 'll see , hopefully this mess will be over sooner rather than later . 
   what is casual racism ? 
   casual racism is one form of racism . 
  it refers to conduct involving negative stereotypes or prejudices about people on the basis of race , colour or ethnicity . 
   examples include jokes , off-handed comments , and exclusion of people from social situations on the basis of race . 
   how is it different from other types of racism ? 
   some associate racism with a belief in racial superiority or deliberate acts of discrimination . 
  casual racism concerns not so much a belief in the superiority of races but negative prejudice or stereotypes concerning race . 
   unlike overt and intentional acts of racism , casual racism is n't often intended to cause offence or harm . 
  you get the idea . 
  and that sort of racism is pretty damn common . 
  with blacks , people know to hold themselves back more , but russians ( and gypsies/roma people ) get the complete package , with all that our fair country has to offer . 
  almost feels like there 's groups it 's ( more ) okay to hate than others . 
  and i really should n't be throwing stones here . 
  i use the word `` ryss\u00e4 '' ( derogatory term for russians ) from time to time , mostly because i 'm used to it and it 's just shorter . 
  and i ca n't say i 'm not making racist jokes and stuff . 
  i know that 's pretty shitty , but it 's almost an instinct . 
  some people do n't even seem to realize when they 're doing it .
