  the planet is n't capable of caring , as far as we know . 
  and i was n't saying it was . 
  what the planet would thing if it could is n't the issue here . 
  it 's human sensibilities that i 'm talking about . 
  most people are n't fine with killing off countless species and eradicating whole ecosystems and then waving it off as a natural ( and hence somehow `` fine '' ) thing . 
  when people say they want to save the planet , they 're saying that they want to save the plants and animals from our own destructive actions , not because the planet would care but because * we * care . 
  sure , humans are part of nature and whatnot , but our effect on it is unparalleled . 
  i think it 's a mistake to wave that off by saying that it 's just a natural part of evolution . 
  it 's just really , * really * tough on the enviroment . 
  twitch stream of slaughterhouses and police bodycams when would probably be a great way to get people off meat . 
  the live bodycam thing though , yeah not a great idea, 
  sure , the planet will survive us , but it 's the change we 're causing on the nature , all the animals and plants we 're killing . 
  that 's what people mean when they talk about saving the planet . 
  better than the opponent . 
  lord of kalevala . 
  now that is cool . 
  wolves snapping at your ankles, 
  are you sure you 're not inside a mountain ? 
  same , but i recognize maybe three accounts in whole of reddit . 
  i just do n't pay attention to usernames . 
  ( and i 'm really bad with names in general . ), 
   all the sandwich cakes i 've eaten in my life have just been this globby mass of cheap bread , mayo and cream cheese , usually with some sad slices of ham or salmon here and there . 
  you ca n't even taste the individual ingredients in it , it 's just a whole lot of bland ... stuff . 
   why not actually make good food instead ? 
  uhmm , i think i know what the issue here is ... you 've been eating awful sandwich cakes , haha . 
  there 's something * terribly * wrong with the cake if regular sandwiches are better . 
  store bought ones are often pretty dull and sometimes people are really lazy with making them , but if someone knows how to make a proper one and takes time to make it ... 
  nothing better . 
  sandwich cakes can be really delicious . 
  often at a party ( weddings , bigger birthdays ) , people ca n't wait to get to eat the sandwich cake and you have to be quick to get a piece of the salmon one . 
  probably one of my favourite things to eat is a slice of salmon sandwich cake , haha . 
  i 've learned that when people get older , they care less about regular cake and more about sandwich cakes . 
  sandwich cakes are great for adults and i 'm grateful for the savages who do n't appreciate them . 
  means i 'll get more and maybe for once i 'll get seconds of a salmon one . 
   whatever godforsaken hamlet your grandfolks hail from , hahaha , this was great, 
   wirmer was in the resistance against the nazi regime , his brother made this proposal for the west german flag after wwii . 
  the far right likes it because they want to feel like a resistance movement against an unfair regime . 
  well that 's confusing, 
  well there 's [ feel the beat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn84to5ndw0 ) which i think was fairly popular , though nowhere near as popular . 
  heretic !, 
  kebab is the chosen one !, 
  huh . 
  did n't know the english speakers adopted it . 
  got the job done though . 
  in the north for sure . 
  i visit a couple of times a year and they 're still very exciting to me . 
  probably because there is n't any medieval history to be found in helsinki area . 
  i do n't know , something sweet in the morning ? 
  chocolate no less ? 
  seems strange to me . 
  i usually have coffee , porridge and bread with meetwurst and cheese . 
  but i 'll have to try it out . 
  really ? 
  jesus , that feels so strange to me, 
   austria = australia or one of those ' i did nazi that coming ' puns they 're pretty damn tiresome too though, 
  and being our booze tax with us ? 
  uhm , better for both of us if we just stay friends, 
  please stop, 
  some people are silent drunks \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  kinda funny as a reply to an american , they are * not * known for great bread, 
   if i visit estonia , and try to speak finnish , how far would i go ? 
  all the way in my experience . 
  rich fugger, 
  the poro thing is way too cute to be an insult . 
  it 's a slang term , we do n't generally use the sve or svedu thing . 
  two-story red wooden building , built in 1971 or so , with two entrances on one side ( shared apartments ) and four entrances on one side ( single person apartments ) . 
  i live in the second floor of our shared apartment , with three other guys . 
  two guys live in their rooms downstairs and two guys upstairs . 
  shower and toilet are downstairs , kitchen is upstairs . 
  the area is surrounded by single-family detached homes ( what a term ) and forests/parks , so the area is really calm and nice . 
  it takes 15 minutes by bike to my school , so the location is pretty awesome . 
  i currently have that one ( with the reduced price for x months ) . 
  i switched to it for the eu data so i could share it to everyone else on our trip to estonia . 
  10 gigs of data use , damn , that 's be 70 $ on their advertised lowered eu price if it was n't for the `` eu data '' part in the premium plan . 
  i can complain . 
  my experience with elisa coverage compared to telia has been pretty poor . 
  but of course it varies on where in the country you are/move around in . 
  also , elisa and dna still have roaming charges , even though at lowered rate , when we supposedly should be done with them . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'll rather switch over to telia under-26 / student plan , i 'll save some money and do n't really miss out on anything important . 
   no limitation on tethering i think it 's pretty insane that this has to be mentioned . 
  carriers saying you ca n't use the data for tethering , what a fucking joke . 
  why ? 
  if you mind telling . 
  i 'm not sure what marriage `` means '' in france and what the significance , implications and whatnot are there , so i 'm having hard time even guessing and i 'm really curious . 
  thinking of it the way marriage is generally viewed in finland , i 'm not sure what 's there to be opposed to . 
  maybe the often present religious aspect of it ? 
  but like i said , i do n't know about france so i 'm not going to guess and would be really interested for your reply . 
  as a side note , i 've only been dating for maybe 9 months ( not sure where we 're counting ) and i 'm not opposed to being married to this girl at some point ( in the far future ) , it just seems so ... serious and intimidating . 
  i 'm totally down for cohabitation and we 're currently more or less doing that , but having a big ceremony , especially in a church ? 
  that 's almost scary to me , haha . 
  yeah , what a strange question . 
  is n't marriage generally something you decide to do , not something you decide not to do ? 
  i 've heard of one famous example , but that was a while back . 
   my parents used to send me to camps because they did n't love and did n't want me around during summer . 
  i mean , parents want a vacation too and kids can be really annoying and whatnot , so getting a few weeks to yourself is great . 
  it 's basically the whole reason summer camps exist . 
  so the parents get a break . 
  probably thought it was like statue of liberty or something . 
   `` who owns switzerland ? '',
