  do you mean how when you approach them , they can be brutally cold towards you ? 
  sometimes you get lucky , but often it feels like i 'm trying to melt down a glacier with a single matchstick . 
  how bizarre . 
  do you know why that 's the case ? 
  hahaha fuck you , i hate how much fun banter there 's between our countries , makes it harder to stay angry and spiteful towards you guys, 
  15 minutes ? 
  look at this aa fucker over here, 
  it 's more expensive over there anyway sooooo ... nah , i 've walked around stockholm pretty extensively . 
  it 's a beautiful city for the most part . 
  i got so wasted watching this . 
  i do n't even play the game or particularly care for it . 
  i guess i just got into the spirit of it or something . 
  we want to trade with you so bad but you keep screwing up . 
  do n't you want to trade with us ? 
   i accept and appreciate even 1/1024 if they feel poles . 
  by that definition , op must be the most polish person ever . 
  well i was expecting you to be 1/16th irish and to celebrate `` st. patty 's day '' . 
   interesting . 
  it seems like we differ on whether ` freedom fighter ' refers to a person with good intentions in general , where ` good ' is to measured by some universal standards . 
   as you indeed stated : is finds itself on the wrong side of the spectrum , and at that point i do not consider is ` freedom fighters ' anymore . 
  to fight for freedom should be an inherently good thing , a condition is does not fulfill . 
  well i would n't agree on that fighting for `` freedom '' is an inherently good thing . 
  freedom means being free to do something or being free from something and what that something is is far more important when judging things than the freedom itself . 
  why you 're fighting for freedom and from what is much more important than the desire for freedom alone , in other words . 
  the conclusion is still the same though . 
  is does n't fulfill the definition of `` good guys '' . 
   not to mention the contradiction between the ` freedom ' is wants to spread and the way it pans out in practice ( a drastic limitation of freedom ! ) . 
  therefore the term is not fitting , subjectively or objectively . 
  but opinions can differ of course . 
  if this was true objectively , it would n't be a matter of opinions . 
  i 'd say the term does n't say anything other than that the group is fighting for freedom , from perceived or real oppression . 
  it does n't say anything about what you wish to do with that freedom or how you 're trying to achieve it . 
  i 'd say a good example is mujahideen in afghanistan , fighting against the soviet control . 
  were they freedom fighters ? 
  the americans/the west certainly thought so . 
  and they were indeed fighting to free themselves from soviet oppression . 
  did they commit atrocities , such as beheadings ( that you mentioned ) ? 
  yes they did . 
  does that mean they were n't actually freedom fighters ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  sure they do . 
  `` freedom fighter '' does n't say anything about their conduct in battle . 
  freedom fighters are just people who want to free themselves from someone 's ( perceived ) oppression . 
  they can also be separatists , terrorists , even just peaceful academics . 
  there 's a lot of ways to fight for your freedom . 
  some of them amicable and some of them sickening . 
  ( i think it 's clear what side of the spectrum is represents . ), 
   yelling islamophobia when confronted . 
  where was this part ? 
  i seem to have missed it . 
  but i agree that this seems somewhat ridiculous . 
  sure , you do n't have to let everyone speak at your union and you can expect perfection from people fighting a civil war , even if it 's ridiculous to do so . 
  but saying `` there 's two sides to each conflict '' and `` another man 's freedom fighter '' is a bit much . 
  should 've just left it at `` i do n't want to encourage people to join groups with a questionable human rights record . '', 
  but no , he went full retard . 
  universities being filled with fundamentalist muslims does n't sound likely . 
  any proof to support that ? 
  progressive people , that i absolutely believe . 
  thanks for telling me . 
  it 's great news since seriously . 
  fuck daily mail . 
  i ca n't stand that garbage . 
  it is ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  i remember seeing it here recently , but it could be that i 'm confusing it with / r/worldnews . 
  ( but i 'm fairly certain i saw it here , even quite recently . 
  i remember being one of the people to bitch about it , after all . ), 
  oh , certainly . 
  it 's definitely a little unfair of me to generalize like that . 
  also see my kind comment to the other guy who said a similar thing for further explanation . 
  i thought it was part of the soul of this sub that we pretend that the commenters are representatives or personification of their respective countries and the banter that ensues from that . 
  that 's certainly a big part of why i 've liked this sub . 
  kinda like real world / r/polandball stuff . 
  without that , this is just a depressing racist shithole . 
  and that 's not very fun . 
  well you 're certainly free to believe that , but without any numbers to support your claim i ca n't say i agree . 
  i 've read that it was expected to carry on for long and west got involved to secure a victory to the crumbling ` moderate ' resistance to keep the islamists from gaining more traction from their defeat . 
  it 's been some time since i read that , so if you have a link to study ( etc ) saying something else , i 'm happy to take a look at it and revise my opinion . 
  not that i will shed many tears for gaddafi in any case . 
  getting involved in something like this is always iffy and a big gambit , but i 'm happy he 's gone . 
  rather that than another syria . 
  at least the dictator is now taken out . 
  people love it when outside factions try to influence their politics . 
  they just love it . 
  france has a legitimate government with a long and established tradition of working diplomatically and according to international rules and whatnot . 
  gnc ( as the article tells ) is the faction in control of tripoli , fighting against hor , the recognized government . 
  there 's big enough of a difference that i do n't think this comparison really serves any purpose . 
  i do n't think we need to say that this is unacceptable . 
  it 's fairly clear we think it 's unacceptable and something we do n't even wish to consider if we do n't reply . 
  you have to give a little credit to governments around the world , they 're not that thick . 
  not to mention that by treating the gnc as a legitimate government , we make ourselves look weak and spineless and we piss off hor . 
  we ca n't really give any statement that would do us any good . 
  recognizing them would show everyone that we 're susceptible to blackmail , weak , and would likely infuriate hor . 
  saying something dismissive would lead to them either stopping their migrant control or outright pushing them towards us . 
  i 'd say the best thing for us is to disregard the whole statement . 
  let 's give no official reply , since it deserves none . 
  i think that 's the correct pr . 
  read the article . 
  gnc in tripoli is still holding back the migrants , but they feel like it 's not their responsibility , especially if the eu does n't even recognize them . 
  i 'd say not recognizing them is statement enough .
