  i would n't be so eager to cheer a military coup in the netherlands if it went against the will of the people , even if that will was to do something i do n't agree with . 
   that coup was obviously staged care to provide some proof supporting that ? 
  it 's fine to speculate , what i dislike is the absolute conviction people have in this theory , especially since there is n't any real evidence ( at least that i 've seen , even though i 've asked about it often ) . 
  some people seem to absolutely refuse to accept the possibility that it was indeed a real coup . 
   erdogan has the lists ready to `` clean '' the entire country from followers of his former ally . 
  well , knowing what kind of leader he is , it 's not very surprising or damning . 
  we know he 's seeking to become an autocrat and remove his political opponents . 
  the existence of such list should n't really surprise anyone or convince people that the coup was n't real , especially since we know there was an ongoing effort to find and oust possible coup supporters from the military and political life . 
  i do n't think it will be `` crystal clear '' who was behind the coup attempt . 
  i 'm just happy that people are speculating on who orchestrated the coup attempt instead of being convinced it was a false flag attack and closing their ears from anything else . 
   oh and if this was a coup done by both gulen supporters and secularists it would n't be as pitiful as it was like being over in a few hours etc. 
  i do n't know about that . 
  the erdogan 's campaign to oust possible opposition members and those sympathetic to a possible coup seemed to be fairly successful , so military support for it was n't a given . 
  also , the political parties denounced the attempt . 
  and most important factor , it did n't get the popular support . 
  which is n't that surprising when you consider how many akp supporters or those who voted for akp there are in turkey . 
  it does n't seem like they were actively pursuing eu membership for quite a while now . 
  the recent events just made it much clearer . 
  if one is blowing up schools and the other is involved in politics , i ca n't really see how the latter would be in any way worse than the former . 
  their ideas might be shit but it was put up to vote whether or not the people support those ideas . 
  terrorists give no such option . 
  the most unrealistic aspect about the source code was the passenger trains in the us . 
  really testing my suspension of disbelief there . 
  that 's a pretty sweet looking tower though, 
  it would be easier to control a divided europe than unified one , but i feel like russia has much more to gain there than the us does . 
  that guy was n't an immigrant though . 
  he was born and raised in munich . 
  could be the reason it 's not me who is advocating for a war with russia . 
  russia would probably nuke ukraine first out of spite , haha, 
  if someone else than russia should have it , i think germany is first in line . 
  finland is right next to them too , but the situation does n't seem very alarming to a lot of finns . 
  it 's almost as if the war had ended since news do n't report on it very much anymore . 
  though yesterday they did , because of the recent troop and materiel movements on eastern ukraine and crimea . 
  yes but comments on / r/europe are what counts !, 
   far left and far right are the same ideologies no they 're not , the theory ( if you believe in it ) is * horseshoe * theory , not circle theory . 
  they 're * similar * in some respects , far left and right , but they 're absolutely not the same . 
  `` secretary of state '' gives a pretty different picture . 
  someone should put a correctional flair in this post . 
  thanks a lot for clarifying . 
  to be fair , if you had used the time to make that search you could 've found out about the whole thing yourself . 
  are there any studies about if that has resulted in more women staying at home ? 
  or are there cases of women opting to wear them anyway and getting in trouble ? 
  so why is the law targeting them for `` security reasons '' ? 
  let 's put it like this , i want to open the third language to other options , not just swedish . 
  i meant to add with my comment that it could still potentially be a huge market and an important partner . 
  the restrictions and sanctions are n't there forever . 
  so learning russian could be very beneficial in the future . 
  there 's also a tourism market where it is needed , but thanks to the current situation with russia , that 's not in awesome shape either . 
  chinese tourists seem to be the new big thing . 
  but i expect the number of russian tourists to increase again when the situation normalizes . 
  ( and i guess * if * it normalizes . 
  but i feel like it will once the war in ukraine ends . 
  but it 's hard to say when that will be . ), 
  it 's still a huge potential market for us , but the trade restrictions on both sides are hampering it . 
  and it used to easily be the single most important export market for finnish products , but since the fall of the soviet union , it has n't been quite the same . 
  trade inside eu is much more important now . 
  i meant replacing mandatory swedish with a mandatory third language which you can choose yourself , one of the options being swedish . 
  i edited my original comment to make that clearer . 
  changing from mandatory swedish to mandatory swedish would indeed be pretty strange . 
   as i said , i am sorry that you are offended so easily , it was my error i guess for having an opinion that is different from yours . 
  when you present your opinion as a fact , it should n't be a surprise that someone gets annoyed or requests you to provide proof . 
  i personally just ca n't stand it . 
   i do not know who your `` most people '' are bbc , reuters , afp , ap , rt , al jazeera ( and really all major news agencies i 've seen ) seem to be calling it a coup attempt . 
  unless there are opinion polls , i 'd say it 's a safe bet that most people go with what they see in the news . 
  and that 's the generally accepted course of events , that there was a coup attempt that was thwarted . 
  i do n't see many governments or supranational institutions denying that either . 
  bbc had [ an interesting article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36815476 ) on the matter , which said the following regarding the false flag claims : '' * one theory suggests it was a `` false flag '' event staged by president erdogan to gain more power , but common sense dictates the event went too far to be a false flag . 
  * ''  i amswered your request for proof , there is none , i also gave you my reasons why it would appear as erdogans coup . 
  like i said before , i do n't get how these reasoning could * convince * anyone of it . 
   you decide it was a real coup because there soldiers on the streets and the traffic was stopped on the bridges ... well hell , you know , they were turkish troops after all so that proves nothing you asked me for evidence on the things i 've said and i provided some for you . 
  so , we know for certain there were soldiers on the streets and * something * happened in turkey . 
  ( i noticed you did n't mention the statement read on television . ), 
  the generally accepted ( if foreign governments , news agencies and supranational institutions are concerned ) explanation is that there was a coup attempt . 
  who instigated it , no one is sure . 
  people are pointing mostly at g\u00fclen movement and kemalists , but without any concrete evidence , it 's hard to say . 
  but all the facts we have right now point towards a coup attempt by * somebody * . 
  that 's something you have n't really addressed at all and something that 's pretty vital . 
  there are all these things that point towards coup attempt that those who think it was n't one have to explain away somehow . 
  i said for a reason that it being an actual coup attempt is the more likely explanation . 
   in the lack od real proof we have to look to history https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat turkish history has plenty of military coups , so history would tell us that a coup would n't have been anything new or strange . 
  there are also a lot of ( alleged ) coup attempts . 
  so i do n't think using history to prove it was definitely a false flag attempt really works here . 
  there are false flag operations in history , but the actual coups in turkey seem to be a lot closer in relevance . 
   now you can go back to defending erdogans government as much as you want i do n't support akp or their policies . 
  the kindest words that i 've said to them was probably that they were democratically elected . 
  ( that and the support the party has were major factors in why the coup failed . ), 
  and i do n't like autocrats in general and erdogan is certainly looking to become one . 
   not everyone will agree with you and you should accept that some people will even call you a `` apco/academi shill '' in their refusal to accept that someone does n't think like them . 
  i know , it sounds like a really dumb way to handle dissenting opinions and questions for evidence of something , but some people are like that i guess . 
  and the whole thing started with you saying the coup was n't real and by me asking to see some actual evidence for that . 
  as you said yourself , there is none , so i guess i got what i asked for . 
  i do n't still understand how some people could be convinced that it false flag operation without any proof , but i guess that 's how some people are . 
  well sci-fi is usually based on the world of today and builds on top of that the world of tomorrow . 
  china has been seen for a while now as a rising giant , so it 's not surprising that it 's featured a lot in stories about the future . 
  same way as ussr had a presence in sci-fi before their collapse and how japanese language and culture was integral part of a lot of sci-fi settings when their economy was still booming . 
  since their economy slowed down and china started to rise heavily , i assume a lot of writers and movie makers switched to china as the next big oriental influence . 
  especially in cyberpunk subgenre you can see a lot of japanese influence on the culture and setting which has now partly switched over to chinese as the big influencer . 
  as for hungarian , i personally ca n't really say . 
  we can somewhat understand our southern neighbors and our languages are pretty close , so i 'd assume that hungarian would be almost completely foreign to us . 
  but i ca n't say for sure , i 'm in no way an expect on this field , hah .
