  and i 'm glad that the protesters won . 
  not enough , it seems . 
  ah , just got the joke !, 
  eu parliament using memes = there is no god . 
  so by using memes , they promote atheism . 
  okay , okay . 
   i apparently had a serious brain fart and misstook the finnish flag for an estonian one not cool man . 
  not cool . 
  i think the problem is that turkey is too populous . 
  turkey would have too much power ( from other nation 's pov ) if it joined the eu . 
  it would n't be eu expanding to turkey . 
  it would be turkey expanding to eu . 
  and macedonia . 
  yes , and it also does n't mean that all the oil producing countries have increased support for the poor even when they could 've . 
  oh we know . 
  we are just waiting for the jokes about us in general to run out . 
  even though paranoia is often used to mean `` an irrational fear '' . 
  but yeah , they have a reason to be afraid . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that there 's a possibility . 
  of course you have . 
  i think it 's safe to say they started it , since this post was about how silly the dutch pm is , not about how ... something ? 
  obama is . 
  they 're the ones turning the conversation to themselves and spazzing out . 
  a betting man , i see . 
  i hope that is n't your only reason . 
  \\ # 7 , really ? 
  and americans going full retards , it seems . 
  you saved the day . 
  yeah , he meant just `` another referendum about eu '' . 
  i thought about adding this , but i felt that the whole outsing yanu thing showed that they do n't want this . 
  but then again , would n't hurt to add it , to make sure everyone 's voice is heard . 
   yanukovich [ ... ] did n't deliver . 
  what a bundle of sticks . 
  it was sign or gtfo . 
  and gtfo he did . 
  i think if he wanted to occupy that area , he would 've made his move already . 
  now it 's kinda late to do anything . 
  might be that he wanted the ukrainian government to fight back , so he could have invaded with an excuse . 
  that 's the stance i 've taken here . 
  but since ukraine did n't really fight back , he does n't have enough excuse to actually invade mainland ukraine . 
  but it 's hard to say with putin . 
  he is a sly fox . 
  who knows what his actual goals here were . 
  yes , but we are not talking joining the eu here . 
  we are talking the direction the nation is heading . 
  should it seek closer ties with eu ( and possible membership in the future ) or with russia . 
  should ukraine lean to east or west . 
  i do n't think there should be a referendum for that , since political parties would represent that point clearly . 
  ( pro-west and pro-east stances of different parties ) . 
  for joining , i * absolutely * want a referendum . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's an eu law , but it should be . 
  `` every nation wishing to seek membership/join eu should have a stable government , chosen by fair and free elections , which should hold a free and fair referendum whether they should join eu/seek membership or not . '', 
  something like that . 
  but the distinction here is , that we are talking about the direction the country is heading vs. actually applying for membership . 
  i do n't think the direction needs to be decided by referendum , since in my mind elections are enough of a proof of the citizens preference , but for eu membership there should absolutely be one . 
  yes , i agree on this part completely . 
  i was just thinking what would be the right way of doing this , and i think holding elections is enough . 
  but i agree , all signing should be postponed until we can actually verify that the majority of ukrainians are behind this government . 
  we do n't want to deal with an illegitimate government . 
  it would make eu look bad . 
  hey , everything turned out great . 
  russia gets the part it wanted and eu gets the part it wanted . 
  both get a piece of ukraine , everyone is happy !, 
  / s i do n't actually think this is the case , but remind me of what happened to poland . 
  ( a couple of times , actually . ), 
  holding a referendum on a principle seems kinda ... 
  odd . 
  maybe it should be tied with joining the eu question . 
  `` should ukrainian government : 1 . 
  seek closer relationship with the eu 2 . 
  seek a membership in the eu 3 . 
  seek closer relationship with russia 4 . 
  seek unification with russia '' something like that . 
  but holding a referendum over it would be an overkill in my mind . 
  just holding a free and fair election would be enough . 
  parties will state their stance on the issue , so election results should be enough of a proof in the matter . 
  e : added 4th option . 
  i 'll start marching for peace right away . 
  this madness * has * to stop !, 
  that 's absolutely what finland is doing . 
  i was trying to say in my joke earlier , that everyone wishes for others to put sanctions etc , while they alone do lucrative business with russia . 
  everyone is outraged when danes are doing it , but everyone else wishes to do the same . 
  they are just the first to `` get caught '' doing it , so ... 
  i know you swedes were hoping to invade denmark . 
  now is the time . 
  crush those traitors !, 
  i agree and i 've actually commented here many times , saying that crimea is already lost , but we should do everything we can to prevent further losses . 
  ( from ukraine and other nations . ), 
  russians are already very much thinking that it 's us vs. them situation , russia against the meddling west . 
  and sanctions would probably just make it worse . 
  something has to be done though . 
  we ca n't let russia go unpunished , or some other nation will suffer the fate of ukraine . 
  that 's a fair point and i agree on that letting one member fall victim to invasion would threaten eu , but i think eu would survive that . 
  there 's also possibility that it would actually speed up european integration . 
  hear me out here . 
  a member state being invaded would show how weak the current eu is , yes . 
  but finland would act as a warning to others . 
  people would point to finland and say `` see what this weak eu is capable of . 
  nothing . 
  we have to form a tighter union .
