  alko for finland , since it had n't been mentioned yet . 
  ( originally alkoholiliike , or `` alcohol store '' . ), 
  yeah , run * at * the bull !, 
  that white blueberry chocolate is awesome . 
  i used to bring a lot of it as cheap souvenirs , since you could n't get it in here , but now you can get it on some shops , i think . 
  i think `` recent '' in this context refers to migrants from the syrian civil war . 
  are the russians that have been there since independence still considered immigrants ? 
  i mean , i guess they are in a way , but i think we 're talking about recent immigrants specifically . 
  basically the eu in real life you faceless bureaucrat, 
  i learned it under heavy manners . 
  [ salty liquorice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salty_liquorice ), 
   except no salmiakki well what 's the point with the rest without salmiakki ... 
  `` what the fuck , that weirdo is picking up dog shit !, 
  what is wrong with you man , why are you picking up shit from the street ? '', 
  i can totally see that happening somewhere where it 's not the norm to bag the shit . 
  i think britain might have to reluctantly accept that prize , since they kinda soured the relationship with at least the eu members with the whole brexit thing . 
  that 's true . 
  even going as far as suggesting ( unfortunately a bit half-heartedly ) a defense pact . 
  we have similar interests ( krrhhhmmm , thanks to a certain neighbor of finland ) and a lot of military cooperation . 
  as for best friend , even though i absolutely love estonia , i think the first place goes to sweden . 
  although even if the plan to give us a mountain does n't go through , norway has really found their way into our hearts . 
  i 'm not sure why . 
  could be all the history i 've read about it , but it could be that i 've read about it because i find it interesting . 
  also the books `` the heart of darkness '' and `` congo '' ( crichton ) . 
  for some reason it fascinates me . 
  i keep `` flying over '' their cities in google maps . 
  close second is china , for similar reasons , i think . 
  i 've read a lot about their history and watched a ton of chinese movies . 
  there 's also something fascinating about the political system and how different but similar it is overall . 
  the regional differences also interest me . 
  jamaica also interests me , but that i credit mainly to `` a brief history of seven killings '' . 
  and of course i fed that interest with a ton of wikipedia articles . 
  that 's social democracy for you , hehe, 
  not very in my experience , unless they 're being facetious . 
  social democracy is much better term to use there . 
  [ uhhuh ] ( http://northportsevs.com/img/memento/lies1.jpg ), 
  that 's how i 've always seen it . 
  russia is european but partly in asia , turkey is middle eastern but partly in europe . 
  russia is geographically divided but culturally european . 
  often when i see them being excluded it 's for political purposes . 
  i 'd personally be more reserved in telling the police i 've done cocaine but i 'm just paranoid like that . 
  could be all the cocaine . 
  `` sir , have you taken any drugs ? '', 
  * taps on nose *, 
  i do n't know how vital it is to know this , but it 's a common misconception that we won the winter war against ussr ( or kicked their asses , for that matter ) . 
  but it 's kinda fair game since many finns think that we had a * defensive * victory , which i think is better characterised as losing in style . 
  we did n't lose nearly as badly as we could 've , in the end , we did lose and had to sue for peace on very unequal terms . 
  while washing off the blood , i presume, 
  coffee , porridge . 
  hey , that looks familiar ... 
  huh . 
  i had no idea it was on pc too . 
  i used to play it * so * much on my ps . 
  that snow/ice stage on sweden though ... oh man . 
  well , anyway . 
  that 's what wrc is like . 
  do you remember colin mcrae rally on ps1 ? 
  mostly different types of card games , usually with rules we made ourselves . 
  this card means this many drinks , this card allows you to tell someone else to drink , this card reverses the order , basic stuff like that . 
  but i do n't often play , i just watch . 
  for some reason , i 'm really bad at taking long sips of beer or long drink , even drinking down a lot of soda at once is a struggle . 
  the bubbles hurt my throat or something , hah . 
  i do manage to get plenty drunk without the games though , so that 's a good thing . 
  and it 's really interesting to watch when someone pulls a triple , a ten and a queen so they can order someone else to drink . 
  without pum it would be so easy to box someone in . 
  and if the group is vicious enough , they could just make someone drink constantly , haha, 
  haha , we always talk about them with friends , but we do n't actually play ( or we play but also drink constantly even when nothing happens ) . 
  could be that there was something forcing their hand , worries about being found out or some other reason like that . 
  yeah . 
  people are free to speculate of course , but it 's way too early to call it anything else than a likely coup attempt . 
  cars , nyc , guns . 
  it 's all the movies and tv shows , i figure . 
  you have so many words that you need give some of those words to those with less . 
  portugal tourism board strikes again !, 
  huh . 
  based on that , i 'd feel right at home there . 
  there often seems to be a lot of downvoting going on in this sub . 
  i have no idea why , but it 's just how it is . 
  i doubt it 's the question itself that 's causing it . 
  eat well , drink well , have a bit of a rumble afterwards . 
  we have [ rosvopaisti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosvopaisti ) , that seems to be pretty much like that . 
  ( at least it was listed in the earth oven category in wikipedia . ), 
  what the fuuuuuuck, 
  they round down to closest 0.05 euro , so you would be saving 0.02 $ every meal , 
  well someone has to be the vanguard of reason in this madness . 
  1 and 2 cent coins ? 
  preposterous !, 
  they also ( at least used to ) use 2 cent coins . 
  feels like utter madness coming from finland with 5 cents being the smallest one in use . 
  now i have a piggy bank full of 2 cent coins since i just put them in my pocket and find them again after coming how . 
  though i 've started just putting them in tip jars and whatnot . 
  people who yell about faceless bureaucrats and whatnot generally do n't know how their own system works , so i would start with that . 
  pizza too . 
  but kebab with blue cheese is my new found love . 
  aurarulla is the best thing ever . 
  you would * not * enjoy finland . 
  alcohol is present almost everywhere . 
  celebrations , boating , fishing , chilling , eating , vacationing ... 
  i 'd guess he was born in france , has french citizenship , speaks french and so on , being fully french in all those regards , but a part of a minority in regards to his ethnicity . 
  the first one being more about nationality and whatnot , the second about ethnicity .
