  i go by gut feeling . 
  if it sounds like there would be a ( very short ) pause when speaking , i put it in . 
  depends on who you vote for . 
  people do n't want them to move into neighbourhoods with them . 
  and when they move into one part of the town , people complain about them creating ghettos . 
  best would be to have them living amongst everyone else , so they 'll most likely become like everyone else . 
  but it makes perfect sense ... 
  / r/europe just keeps reaching for the bottom . 
  and that 's why we 're not sure if it was a terrorist attack or not . 
  but of course all sides have made up their mind about the motive of the attacker . 
  victim complex . 
  at least they are n't getting ad money . 
  if this is the mentality in the uk , i hope you guys do leave . 
  sending someone to a country where they 're sure to face the death penalty is no better than killing him yourself . 
  i thought we in europe were past death penalty . 
  i think it 's called in uk . ), 
  and tex willer come to my mind . 
  in finnish it 's aku ankka . 
  and in swedish it 's kalle anka . 
  but i guess we have a right to give him a new name , seeing how much we fucking love those comics . 
  the wednesday donald duck comic is an inseparable finnish institution . 
  ( though it used to be monday . 
  i much prefer wednesday , because it 's in the middle of the week , when the coming weekend has n't really cheered you up yet . ), 
  i just fear this backfires horribly . 
  that 's how these things tend to go . 
  i hope for the best and fear the worst . 
  they 're not called the 51st state for nothing , haha . 
  i do n't trust sneaky putin enough to send our forces to the other side of the country . 
  here today , gone tomorrow . 
  such is surstr\u00f6mming . 
  this does n't seem to actually be a government run effort . 
  so the swedish government is open for the possibility of more immigrants , but some activists are encouraging them to come to finland . 
  this article is outdated . 
  i kinda doubt he made a mistake . 
  it 's probably on purpose . 
  also i love the backsliding . 
  first orpo clearly claims they are traveling for free . 
  then when told that 's not true , he claims he * clearly * meant that they 're traveling without the extra charge of buying the ticket in the train . 
  what 's next ? 
  he * clearly * said nothing of the sort ? 
  i fucking hate when politicians do this . 
  the finns party loves this trick . 
  first claim something outrageous that will get everyone 's attention . 
  when it 's proved to be actually not that outrageous at all , just claim it 's the evil media misinterpreting on purpose again . 
  and at that point , everyone has taken the original comment to heart and probably wo n't even see the correction . 
  you 're a little late to the conversation but yeah , games about us military are 95 % of time so full of propaganda that it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's not even fun to play them if they go full ` murica . 
  maybe i should play some [ glorious mission ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_mission ) for balance , hah . 
  oooh , a nice twist . 
  that or marauding russians . 
  / r/jokepeoplehate, 
  i like this simple joke : two friends are at a bar after not seeing each other for years . 
  `` so , how 's life ? '', 
  `` are we here to chat or to drink ? '', 
  i feel like this should be in the original joke since it 's not nearly as funny without it . 
  next morning you 'll be familiar with the basics of norwegian . 
  i 've heard that npr is pretty great . 
  i 've listened to some of their programs through our national broadcaster yle . 
  now , if yle broadcasted an npr broadcast of bbc 's hard talk , that would be funny . 
  ah , i was n't aware of that . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  it 's just surprising to see such a high number in any election . 
  99 % does n't leave much room for ambiguity . 
  ah , sorry , i totally missed that . 
  it 's a good comment when it works as a joke and a legit comment . 
  i 'd say this is different from scottish or ni 's referendum . 
  is n't catalonia one of the wealthy parts of spain ? 
  whereas scotland and ni ( from my understanding ) receive money from england ( basically ) , catalonia is one of the `` payers '' in spain . 
  and is n't it a center of industry in spain ? 
  my knowledge on the subject is limited , but from the little reading i 've done , that 's the impression i got . 
  yankee go home and take ttip with you !, 
  ( easier for me to say , since finland is n't in nato , hehe . ), 
  i 'm still pretty young ( in my 20 's ) , so i 'm in a sort of `` english-speaking bubble '' . 
  all my friends can hold a conversation english , but when i think of my father and people of that age , the 70 % make much more sense . 
  how am i going to stab people without it ? 
  you clearly did n't think this through . 
  fair enough . 
  we do like the occasional alcoholism . 
  true , but is n't it easier for a smaller group to show dissent , in that case ? 
  though what this falkland vote shows , is that there 's no reason to open negotiations with argentina over the ownership . 
  the people have spoken and there 's no ambiguity over what their decision is . 
  as a fan of buttery popcorn , he was my favorite . 
  maybe he 's a dog ? 
  that often happens with them . 
  still commenting in here . 
  you dirty scab !, 
  well said , my friend . 
  beer at the usual place ? 
  do n't go , we need you !, 
  with brexit , we need someone to be the `` difficult ones '' . 
  okay , now i 'm scared . 
  what is going on ? 
  perkeleen muukalaiset , they 're up to something ... stay sharp everyone . 
  only 70 % for us ? 
  that 's surprisingly low , but then again , old people . 
  an american , making demands in / r/europe ? 
  i guess i 'm just going to be alcoholic and depressed today then . 
  you listened to a bbc program on npr ? 
  there 's something funny and cool about that . 
  and you just know there would be * a lot * of hurt feelings .
