   there is nothing convincing in either theory either theory ? 
  it 's not like it 's two equal competing theories . 
  the course of events generally accepted as truth with a lot of factors behind it . 
  we know there were soldiers on the streets , a tv station was taken over and their statement was read , we have parts their communication that has been released through different channels ( so not just turkish government releases ) giving an indication of their intentions and so on , reported by reputable news agencies . 
  we have plenty of evidence indicating there was a coup attempt . 
  then there 's the theory that it was all a sham , which seems to rely on gut feeling of some people . 
  no actual evidence ( afaik ) has surfaced showing that it might 've been one . 
  now , i 'm not saying there 's * no chance * it was a false flag operation , just that there 's no evidence for it being one . 
  and it perplexes me how people are so convinced . 
   reddit is an ok place for throwing around idea 's , looking at the information available , forming opinions etc etc yeah , but people are n't really throwing around ideas in this case , but instead talking as if it was a proven fact instead of a conspiracy theory . 
  it should be treated as what it is and there could be much more fruitful discussion about the reasons why it happened , why it failed , how turkish government will react to this , how will it affect the elections and so on . 
  i 'm all for leaving open the possibility of it being a conspiracy by the state , questioning the course of events and so on , but there 's nothing fruitful about refusing to accept the more likely option . 
  it would make sense for the common eu defence to be solely under eu control . 
  and i think afghanistan , iraq and other american endeavors have left a poor taste in people 's mouth . 
  i think eu needs to work independent of not just the us , but of any outside country . 
  and not just on a military level , politically also and that 's hard to achieve if our defence is tied to countries that are not members . 
  common defence could also be a unifying factor , and make it easier for people to trust that eu is capable of protecting its members . 
  and i feel that 's important for eu to be successful . 
  i personally think it 's a great idea , but unlikely to succeed . 
  many eu members are already nato members and feel that is enough and eu defence forces would add an unnecessary layer . 
  and there is n't a huge push for it anyway . 
  so , unified eu defence forces is not likely to happen at least in the near future . 
  how would it lead into dictatorship ? 
  i think the whole point is having a common defence separate from the us . 
  i 've been asking this a lot , but why are people convinced the coup attempt was n't real ? 
  there has been zero credible evidence for it . 
  it mostly boils down to `` it was convenient '' and `` it failed '' , two things that are easily explained within the generally accepted version of events . 
  often when people are claiming something like this without evidence , people call it out . 
  but somehow this does n't only get a pass , but is quite popular on redddid n't they take into account that not only is a big part of the populace behind erdogan , but he has been preparing for a possible coup for a while by removing people who might 've joined it from key positions ? 
  two things are pretty crucial for a successful coup , control of ( key parts and people of ) the military and support of the populace . 
  erdogan made sure he had both on his hands , so it should be shocking that a coup attempt might fail . 
  i 'd say it 's not * impossible * that it was a sham , but i just do n't see a good reason to be convinced it was n't a real attempt . 
  it seems similar to 9/11 conspiracy theories . 
  what they have going for them are a possible motive and some odd incidents , but nothing very convincing against the generally accepted course of events . 
  russian government is good at divide and conquer tactics . 
  they 're now trying to create an ally inside of nato to weaken it , same way they 've been courting countries in the eu and supporting anti-eu parties . 
  religion might 've been separate from the government , but it has always affected politics . 
  separation of church and state does n't mean religion has no effect on the politics , just that the two are governed by separate entities . 
  the akp is advancing a policy promoting religion , so it does n't seem that strange to see a religious organization support them . 
  well , it was a coup * attempt * . 
  and akp does have a lot of popular support ( which is partly the reason the attempt failed . ), 
  so , even if you do n't consider the election free and fair ( by western standards , it was n't an awful shitshow either ) , it 's not really outrageous to be proud of you country for stopping a coup attempt against popular government . 
  it could be that the eu is just so complex and other reasons relating to eu , but like i said , i think it 's just lack of understanding and interest ( needed to understand ) in general . 
  but i do think the member countries should try harder to make sure people have at least the same vague grasp of what the eu actually is and what it does as they have of their own country . 
  this is practical learning though , complementing the theoretical education . 
  or be the replacement guy for an elected mep . 
  and what do you imagine many bureaucrats do ? 
  the idea is that you receive tutoring and experience from them for free in exchange of free work from you . 
  at least that 's the idea . 
  but it 's indeed a shitty thing to have to work for no pay , especially if these interns make it unfeasible to employ someone full-time to work for pay . 
  but in this case it 's not really an eu issue as much it is an issue of meps not paying the interns . 
  you can also see it quite often in this sub and in / r/worldnews . 
  and often the comments show a clear lack of understanding on how the eu works . 
  which would be an issue tied to the eu , if it were n't for the same lack of understanding on how their own countries ' system works . 
  which just makes it sound like there 's a thorough lack of understanding and interest in political and bureaucratic systems at large and not eu specifically . 
  i 'm not celebrating that at all , just saying that their comment made sense in the context it was said in . 
  okay , this is a bit much . 
  not really , they 're talking about that particular community it seems , not the community at large . 
  so it makes perfect sense in the context . 
   removing kebab - and that 's what the coup participants hoped to achieve too . 
  what . . ? 
  if they wanted to remove themselves and everyone else around them , they only partly succeeded . 
  it 's been written wrong so many times that it 's a running gag at this point . 
  of course it does , but that hardly has anything actually to do with the echr since it does n't allow for torture anyway . 
  i think a lot of people just read the headline about suspending the echr and did n't bother to figure out what it actually means . 
   two lawyers in ankara working on behalf of detainees told amnesty international that detainees said they witnessed senior military officers in detention being raped with a truncheon or finger by police officers . 
  from the linked article . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  and i admit on oversimplifying it . 
  partly the reason of the host countries , building a lot of cheap housing and then just dumping all immigrants there . 
  it never ends well . 
  but of course it 's also partly their choice , deciding to live in these exclaves of their home countries . 
  it 's easier to integrate when your living amongst natives than it is to integrate when you live with people who already speak your language and have the same values and religion as you do . 
   do you honestly think there is a chance that these attackers are n't muslim ? 
  there 's a very real possibility , given the date and the little we know , yeah . 
  i 'm not sure if this looks is attack though . 
  the little we know seems to indicate the opposite . 
   regressive left everyone not jumping to conclusions must be leftist . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  what would this benefit though ? 
  what would it change ? 
  and more importantly , we 're at war against who or what ? 
  war against terrorism has been going on for quite a while , but it 's not an ordinary war . 
  you ca n't invade someplace and be done with it like you used to with ordinary war . 
  the crime rate on balkans is pretty high though . 
  let them have this . 
  it 's not like they have a lot going for them . 
  sure , but you said `` most of turkish people did n't even vote '' . 
  a bit different from `` the turnout was kinda low '' . 
  well you seemed to be clamoring for restrictions on certain parties getting into parliament . 
  now they 're making it a reality . 
   most of turkish people did n't even vote 74.13 % of those eligible to vote did so . 
  when it 's 42 % united behind one leader vs 58 % divided between many candidates , akp supporters do n't have to do anything to win . 
   yeah unfortunately . 
  you 'll be happy to know that now their plan to limit democratic options has been successful . 
  well russia is without a doubt both in europe and european . 
   does not make them carribbean . 
  no , but you could say those countries are partly * in * caribbean . 
  and you 'd be right . 
  but when it comes to turkey it 's also because convention .
