exactly . 
  the list of islamic schools that promote fgm are almost exclusively african . 
  the practice is almost entirely intertwined with islam . 
  yes , people should be educated inside of islam that fgm is not a good thing , but to deny islam as being a proponent of it ( inside africa ) would be a reckless statement to make . 
  i mean , its no different than male circumcision and parts of christianity and judiasm . 
  they are intertwined . 
  to deny it is incredibly stupid . 
   i really do n't see why people always treat this as a zero sum game where all the refugees are hardcore islamic fundamentalists and would never possibly be able to change their attitudes . 
  so the only two options are , lock them all out or let europe get destroyed . 
  but have muslims shown , historically , a willingness to adapt to the countries ' culture that they move into ? 
  they got caught inflating their grad rates recently and had to drop the total # of grads by 10 % so ... yeah . 
  they are well below the national average . 
  murder rates are more closely correlated with educational attainment , rather than poverty rates . 
  cities with poor school systems yield students with no future , and they turn to crime/killing when no real path way to a lifestyle away from that occurs . 
  i was just curious to know what the threshold was in norway, 
  the op 's wife makes $ 30k eur as well , for a total of $ 60-70k / yr . 
  that would be middle/upper class ( which i would define , personally as $ 80-150k ) . 
  sad thing is , it was $ 1.40 just a few weeks ago . . 
  makes sense . 
  i guess it all depends on the job ( s ) of the adults in the household . 
  op said that both make 30,000 eur/yr individually , which would be upper-middle class in the us , which would allow access to those sorts of things , if not much greater . 
  i was under the original assumption that they attained that with either a single income or single + part time secondary income . 
  its quite high as its a special tax . 
  in the us , oil companies are treated the same as any other company , so the marginal rate is 35 % , and their effective rate ( what they actually pay out of every dollar profited ) is about 11.3 % . 
  the average corporate tax rate is about 12.6 % , and the difference is mostly due to the huge investment ( s ) made recently due to shale oil and natural gas . 
  having said that , i investigated that tax rate + carbon taxes . 
  if oil companies were forced to implement both , our gas prices would rise about $ 0.40 to about $ 2.50 / gal . 
  thanks - i also looked it up , and it seems that its the corporate tax rate + a special tax of 51 % on profits, 
  is that the effective rate or marginal rate ? 
  a 4 bedroom house is a much different thing in the us since it never includes other rooms that are not designed for bedding . 
  thanks for the info , i wondered how much they were vs. 
  the us ... they are about $ 2.99 for a similar pack here . 
  offbrands are about half of that . 
  you are vastly overstating the tax breaks given to oil companies in the us . 
  also , can you please show me what taxes are levied against european refineries so i can make a direct comparison ? 
  i believe you go to jail for that in the us , too . 
  petrol is not subsidized in the us , not even close . 
  we do not have the incredible taxes on gas that europe has . 
  right now , in ohio , we 're paying about $ 2.10 usd/gallon , and i believe about $ 0.35 of that is taxes . 
  by the way , how much are oreos in norway ? 
  typical american item , so i am interested in what something like that costs . 
  for science , of course . 
  2 vehicles + motorcycle and a 4br house is middle class in norway ? 
  so you 're going to punish them for not knowing better , despite being left out of modern markets that could help encourage better practices for animals ? 
  except for slobodan milosevic ... or pol pot . 
  or mugabe . 
  or the kim dynasty . 
  http://www.fao.org/potato-2008/en/world/ says that neither country are top-10 consumers . 
  i know they originate from that area , but i find it interesting that they are n't on the list . 
  in other news - holy cow at american potato yields !, 
  potatoes are one of the most nutritionally-perfect foods on the market ... 
  combined with their relative ease of growth , it makes sense that they adopted it when they brought it back from the new world . 
  whats interesting to me as an american is how many foods europe adopted from outside cultures/regions that are not native , yet now are so prolific - sauerkraut , potatoes , chocolate , and ( i believe ) pasta noodles . 
  next they 'll adopt our corn and its game over . 
  interesting . 
  in america , most stores carry at least 3-4 types between red , russel , and baking potatoes , among others . 
  i got a bag of jumbos recently . . each potato weighed over 500g each . 
  they were amazing !, 
  so strange that countries in the western hemisphere where they originated from do n't consume as much as europeans . 
  its crazy , especially given how good potatoes are . 
  murder rates in the us vary heavily by state . 
  it 's not static across the nation ... economic and ethic makeup factor heavily on the rates . 
  it varies from western european levels of 1.6 per 100,000 to 10.3 per 100,000 . 
  source : http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/murder-rates-nationally-and-state, 
  how often are firearms used in european terrorism traced to the two said countries anyways ? 
  i think the best thing you can do as a reasonable person that looks like those that are causing problems is to make sure that whatever group of friends/family/co-workers know and understand that you are absolutely nothing like those that are causing these issues ... people like to point fingers at the horrors that different groups went through in the us and show how much we 've advanced since anti-black/chinese/irish / italian/ect attacks took place , but the reality is that they only integrate when they acclimate to our culture . 
  when they do n't , you end up with grave problems . 
  and since neither side wants to deal with things , death is on the horizon . 
  stay safe , fellow ` merican, 
  its not your fault . . 
  i just think its hugely ironic that people that allegedly demean the other side of the political spectrum for human rights/gender equality/ect are seemingly caving in to some very vile stuff in the name of certain types of conformity . 
  and ultimately , i think this shows that parts of the left care less about rights , but rights for the right people , and they are willing to trample others to benefit some . 
  so i guess germany is taking a few steps back on womens rights ? 
  kind of strange that they 'd bow to the pressure of arabs/immigrants over their own women . 
  getting better thanks to dragon, 
  nasa pulled it off because they had a huge mandate from a singular president and a willingness by the next two to fund it , as well as an active enemy that they wanted to dominate . 
  the esa and their financial backers have neither of those things . 
  do n't get me wrong , i wish they would magically allocate  $ 10 billion annually to a moon base to make it a reality , but i just do n't see that being feasible until there is a very clear reason that they could convince their backers to do it . 
  esa wo n't contract spacex , given they just put $ 9 billion into the arianne rocket system . 
  what makes you think that the esa would be funded enough to go to the moon in that timeframe ? 
  rosetta cost $ 1.4 b for the entire mission . 
  that is probably the crowning achievement of the esa 's history in terms of size , scope and complexity . 
  conversely , in the same time period , nasa got a probe to pluto , sent an ion engine-based probe to multiple comets , has an ongoing 10-year mission to saturn , and multiple probes to mars . 
  the kind of output both agencies have is night and day . . 
  the esa is certainly a great contributor to space travel and technology , but its a fraction of nasa , which makes me question how they are going to achieve a grand project in spite of their vastly smaller achievements . 
  right . 
  i am just trying to understand why people think the esa could actually achieve a moon base , given their current level of funding , and lack of implementing any massive space project since their inception ( moon landing , space station , ect ) . 
  and europe had no part in that one , so ... maybe the europeans can tag along with elon musk 's mars base in a few decades , or buy a few rides from spacex when they start offering bfr 's to the open market . 
  america has supported georgia since independence , and georgia assisted the us in ousting saddam ( although i think it may have been a few soldiers - they still showed solidarity with the us ) . 
  so yeah , they are pretty pro-us . 
  on one end , i agree with you . 
  on the other , the only way we 're going to actually annihilate them is to recognize them as a legitimate state-on-state threat , and treat them as such . 
  every nation has been pussyfooting around with isis , letting them grow and expand their influence . 
  we should show them , their clerics , and anyone that believes that isis is a fantastic example of militant islam what happens when its met with tangible western military force . 
  given that isis fancies itself as a nation state , i hope they do invoke article 5 and my country does its part to destroy isis once and for all . 
  you mean the same religion that is adhered to by a sizable number of western europeans ? 
  which backwards religion was that , exactly ? 
  except that the nazi/fascist/nationalists really are n't right-wing economically . 
  the ndsap was pretty centrist on its economic policies , seeking a mixture of capitalism , corporatism , and socialism . 
  why would anyone mention pizza hut in an italian thread ?
