  in the 5 % of cases ( when i worked ) , it was a bank statement , utility bill , or pay stub . 
  its not hard to vote . 
  how the netherlands does it seems certainly fine , but it still requires you to bring something to vote ... media and some politicians in the us would complain about even that because it would discriminate against people that do not check their mail often for the ballot card . 
  gerrymandering happens in all states , regardless of political affiliation . 
  if you 'd like , i can show you some `` great '' democratic districts that are only connected to separate areas by a highway . 
  voter id laws are not incredibly strict , and i have worked polling stations in a state with id laws . 
  all you need is a piece of information stating that you are who you say you are - driver 's license , utility bill , or bank statement . 
  if you do not have those , you can fill out a provisional ballot , then go to the county office and provide the aforementioned id to have your vote count . 
  it is not very hard . 
  as an american , this is unbelievable . 
  i thought so , but the actual picture shows 6 , so maybe he 's wrong about the verbiage . 
  on 4chan , each post has a unique id # associated with it . 
  users place a heavy emphasis on posts that have matching numbers at the end of the id . 
  so `` dubs '' means it ends with the same 2 numbers , e.g. 
  `` 88 '' trips means it ends with 3 of the same numbers , `` 777 '' quads means `` 5555 '' and quints mean `` 666666 '' i 've never once seen a quint , much less a quad . 
  whats causing the higher turnout ? 
  american here , enjoying the info and opinions on the netherland 's governmental system . 
  thanks for the thread , and all of the posts !, 
  new to / r/europe but : how long could this masterful fort keep the ottomans out of the region for ? 
  right . 
  i knew that those that crossed the bering strait were paleoasians , and therefore had not adopted to alcohol consumption . . what i did n't know is that those that remained in sibera still had the same traits . 
  i assumed they had built up a form of tolerance by now . 
  you can back out hispanics from whites by parsing sub-ethnic data when its available . 
  average homicide rates for latinos are around 3.0 - 3.5 . 
  if i remember right . 
  backing them out of the fbi ucr equation usually results in the homicide rate among european-americans to be around 1.1 - 1.2 homicides per 100,000 . 
  oh wow , they ca n't take alcohol ? 
  that would be brutal for any russian . 
  i did n't know that the lack of those genes was inherent in any eurasian people group - i assumed the trait was only in american indians . 
  education level , gini coefficient . 
  that is very interesting , given that they were annexed in the 1940s . 
  what 's going on with tannau tuva ? 
  why did you cherrypick european nations rather than region - like you argue ? 
  you list poland ( despite it being eastern europe ) but not the baltic states that are higher crime . 
  you list norway and sweden , but not finland . 
  you list germany , but not belgium or france . . all of which are in the same region , but conveniently have murder rates that are closer to the average ( or above it ) that i gave . 
  fair enough . 
  i would note , though , that your original argument of `` takes a lot of money to acquire the skills that are in demand . '', 
  is not true , though . 
  vocational skills and trades are not expensive to get into , and there is sizable demand for said skills . 
  currently , the average cost of vocational training is 1/4th of what a bachelors degree costs in the us . 
  you said murder rates were higher among whites when compared to europe , when that simply is not true . 
  here 's the data for whites + latinos direct from the fbi : https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2012/crime-in-the-u.s.-2012/tables/43tabledatadecoverviewpdf at 4,101 murders in 2012 , you have a murder per capita rate of about 1.70 . 
  europe 's average is 3.0 . 
  it would put the numbers right around finland , overall . 
  there is certainly a lot of context to offer , but when it comes down to pure numbers among european americans and europeans themselves , there 's not a lot of difference . 
  murder rates among whites in the us are the same or lower than europe if you averaged rates among western and eastern europe . 
  look at the whitest states in the us - maine , vermont , and new hampshire (  95 % white ) ... 
  they average below 2.0 murders per 100,000 inhabitants , which is a similar number between western europe , much less western and eastern europe . 
  yet spending per student has almost no correlation with effectiveness of teaching . 
  many of the worst urban schools have the highest per-student spending in the nation . 
  we still do , but it requires moving . 
  see : north dakota oil boom . 
  its useful to look at the educational composition of the areas that have massive crime rates . 
  it 's pretty telling . 
  its not as if there has always been a massive stream of immigrants to your continent from the south and south-east . 
  policies and people change , causing things to shift . 
  you 're correct . 
  the delta-v needed to get from moon-earth is way lower than mars-earth . 
  unless you 're doing a constantly-accelerating trajectory , there 's no way to get to the moon faster . 
  since aerobreaking is not possible , there 's no real way to do it . 
  arguably , you could make martian insertions quicker , but not by much . 
  3 day trips vs. 3 years . 
  delta-v cost on launching payload to leo or any other destination from the moon is miniscule when compared to earth . 
  since the moon is a perfect vacuum , any re-usable engine is going to have a field day with return runs from the moon to earth , since you 'll be using some very optimized lh2 or ch4 engines . 
  plus , much like mars , there 's a lot of resources that are sitting there that need to be analyzed/found by getting a real presence there . 
  tons of trapped water ice to synthesize some neat stuff with , among other things . 
  they are going to need to take some major steps in reducing cost-to-launch before that becomes viable . 
  given arianespace 's requests from esa and others for subsidies , and what the esa spends a year , it will be a gargantuan task . 
  ideally , ariane 's next-gen re-usable methlox engine can allow them to take a huge leap forward on cost to deliver payload to tli , and the more-important quantifiable leap in payload-to-orbit ... 
  i ca n't see the eca 's 10,500 kg payload to gto being remotely close to a viable cost-per-kilo solution to get people and payload to mars . 
  going even further , blue origin is likely to have new glenn reusable rocket being flown when ariane vi comes online - which looks to be a solidly viable rocket to go to the moon , especially with its lh2/lox 3rd stage . 
  hopefully , though , the esa can start devising systems for a lunar colony and get some funding put that way - as i do n't think nasa or any other american competitor has really looked much into what infrastructure is needed , outside of ula 's cislunar-1000 proposal , which only delves into fuel depots on the moon . 
  i do n't think living in an extremely low-g environment with a perfect vacuum just outside constitutes `` decent stuff '', 
  a tostino 's pizza deep fried ... 
  sounds like poverty in america to me . 
  had one once when it was a thing ... hotdogs were very dry , and it also meant no crust to hold the pizza toppings . 
  not a great time . 
  i am impressed that the size of each nation is also kind of close to equal . 
  there are a few outliers like baltica and lowlands . . 
  but rather impressive , either way . 
  its in the very basic design stages . 
  they just funded the project something like $ 50 million to get an idea of what they want for scope and spec . 
  again , its at least 10 years out . 
  they 've made statements they want it to be a returnable methlox rocket ( so similar to new glenn in some ways ) , but with the way esa plays politics , who knows what happens . 
  they can create their own spacex , sure , but you 're not going to get a spacex subsidiary any time soon . 
  that , and the technical knowledge of spacex ca n't ( i believe ) migrate to europe to jump-start whatever designs could be made quickly . 
  found the arianespace worker, 
  some missions require more fuel to get into orbit than others . 
  the falcon 9 only has so much fuel in it - about 500,000 kg . 
  if a mission is light and/or has an easy path into orbit ( like one into low earth orbit , such as an iss mission ) , there is enough fuel for the 1st stage booster to return near the launch site . 
  but for other missions that require more fuel like bulgariasat , the margins have to be pushed , and there is not enough fuel to land back at the launch area - so they target a barge about 300km downrange . 
  that way , it uses no fuel to return outside of a few speed-negating burns so it does n't burn up in the atmosphere . 
   hopefully europe will open up to such corporations like spacex and blue origin in the future . 
  wo n't happen due to itar . 
  to be fair , companies like bulgariasat put trust in spacex many years ago , and they should get at least some credit for putting their money where their mouth is , and securing a seat early on . 
  `` yes '' . 
  ariannespace , europe 's primary launch provider , is trying to get funding to flesh out a next-gen methlox design that can return and land , similar to blue origin 's forthcoming new glenn rocket . 
  the problem is that they 're probably a decade away from using such a design . 
  they 're still finishing up the ariane vi which was designed to compete with the falcon 9 .
