  you might as well dine at olive garden if those exist ( also ) outside of america . 
  pretty sure england really does n't have a cuisine . 
  it either falls into the `` fish and chips '' or `` full english breakfast '' categories . 
  dude , his flair says french . 
  he 's just being snooty because the italians are getting all the food-love in this sub . 
  do n't you remember when they welcomed them with open arms in the late 40s and 50s ? 
  the problem is that unifying diverse cultures really does n't work out very well when its under the hand of a heavy-handed dictatorship or military junta - not in the long run . 
  we 're seeing virtually the same thing play out in the middle east between the various cultures in iraq and syria , among other places . 
  forcing people to adhere to a single cultural identity is not always great . 
  yes , the years that have followed the civil war has not been kind to much of the states that were founded after the wars , and many lives were lost . 
  but the reality is that the state was propped up by a strong man that sought to deprive the political desires of others . 
  i imagine its not unlike vietnam - the partisan that was able to usurp the foreign invaders ( germans , french , americans ) happened to be communists , as opposed to them being communist , attempting to usurp a domestic regime . 
  the commonwealth was the second country in history to create a constitution . 
  i am pretty sure they have experience in creating a sustainable system of government that incorporates multiple ethnicities and power structures . 
  poland just needs to sign a tri-lateral treaty with the baltics and what ( is left of ) the democratic side of the ukraine so we can get this over with and see the commonwealth come back . 
  lets just hope that the prussians and russians do n't re-annex them ... again . 
  this is so sad . 
  its amazing that you have to fear violence because of holding to a different ideology than your family . 
  but if they do n't assimilate culturally to the country they are ( now ) in , then they will become the majority in the countries they are in , because they ( at least ) have a unifying religion that is in opposition to the country they are now staying in . 
  what happens when ghettos are not the exception , but the rule , and you can add the entirety of paris to that list ? 
  what happens if every arab/african/muslim votes , unified , for a party that is similar to the muslim brotherhood ? 
  the statistics in europe suggest that even without the refugees , cultural/biological europeans are becoming less and less prominent in most of western europe . 
  it is not a quick thing to argue , but what happens in 50 years if  50 % of europeans identify as muslim ? 
  do you think that the secular values that most of europe has will be held , or they will further adopt the practices of the countries they came from ? 
  and the crazy part is that if they continue to allow waves upon waves of immigrants in to europe , you 're going to get a second crusade , and its going to make the ones declared last millennium look like a very peaceful time . 
  its unlikely that the biggest co2-movers in the us are going to trend in the other direction , despite trump 's blustering . 
  levelized coal prices for new builds have stayed stagnant throughout obama 's administration , while combined-cycle gas has dropped 40 % , and renewables such as wind have dropped  50 % and solar pv  70 % . 
  market forces have helped push co2 production down in the us , and its unlikely to change because of trump . 
  it may move slightly slower due to ( potentially ) less solar subsidies , but the big savior is natural gas , and that is what trump will bank on . 
  i would imagine that in 8 years , we 'll see coal continue to drop as there 's no way new builds make economic sense . 
  why would poland get pushed back into russian arms if europe is unwilling to unite to defend itself in the first place ? 
  right , but do n't laud arianespace for its commercial contracts ( which most do ) when its likely to get relegated to a european version of ula with defense contracts . 
  even then , ula is probably going to be more nimble in 10-15 years than what arianespace will be , sadly . 
  startups happen everywhere . 
  the question is what * kind * of startups happen . 
  ohio would be a terrible place for heavy web-based applications . 
  but biotech or logistics ? 
  would be the place to be . 
  as an american , i wish that could be us ... 
  i love my state and local government ... federal can go straight to hell . 
  i do n't know european history as good as i should ( american ) , but i learned that rome only had a population of something like 35,000 in the mid 1400 's . . 
  i was rather surprised it was so fully depopulated after it was sacked . 
  why would they be celebrating the shooting with fireworks ? 
  they 're only natural outgrowths because capitalism has advanced society and economy so significantly in the past ~ 400 years , thus allowing alternative economic ideologies , including perversions of capitalism . 
  subisides are the opposite of capitalism . 
  if their countries are entirely free trade and have a government that can enforce property and contract law , then sure . 
  but the reality is that few countries that have hunger and death are remotely close to capitalist, 
  depends on how long you want to analyze the timeframe . 
  muslim conquests in 700-1100 ad resulted in more deaths than that , but over a longer timeframe . 
  that 's kind of how secular , western society developed and is a shining light for human progress ... 
  reality is n't that convenient , though . 
  how many victims were muslim ? 
  text in english : ** update ** : 20-50 injured ( possibly due to tear gas ) viernheim - amok alarm at a movie theater in south hesse !, 
  shortly after 15:00 enters a gunman the kinopolis at rhein-neckar - zentrum . 
  he is disguised , has a gun in his hand , wearing a cartridge belt around his shoulder . 
  he shoots once in the air . 
  screaming flee dozens of visitors from the cinema . 
  then the weapons man entrenched . 
  police triggers major alarm . 
  sek elite policemen from frankfurt lawn in convoy on the a5 to the south . 
  other sec teams fly in helicopters to viernheim . 
  i 'd like to see a cost analysis of a full conversion to solar/wind/nuclear to the level he is mentioning , though . 
  is the same argument being lobbied against muslim schools , too ? 
  are you sure you 're not gypsies ? 
  i just watched an x-files episode yesterday about a wife and her mother that immigrated to the us . 
  they had to use gypsy magic to ward off evil spirits before the episode was over . 
  its almost like hungary was actually communist for a few decades . 
  maybe they tried to do something different at one time and a thing called `` soviet intervention '' happened and put a stop to it . 
  right . 
  it used to be they had live update threads for this within minutes of some major event . 
  unless someone gets nuked , there 's nothing any more . 
  stories get buried . 
  i would imagine even if there was another bataclan or similar-sized event , you 'd have to look for some sort of vague news subreddit to find a live thread . 
  i fully agree ... americans are just lazy on voting in general . 
  if there 's a hotly contested election , or landmark election ( obama 2008 ) , we can have a pretty good turnout . 
  but trying to get people to go to a primary election is horrific . 
  my opinion on the voter laws is this : everyone should have the right to vote , make it free and easy , but absolutely require id to prove you are who you say you are . 
  there is a story about the 2016 federal election ( where trump won ) that a single city had double-counted over 100,000 votes due to lack of id laws ... 
  yet we did n't have a massive outrage over it , as everyone was more concerned with the pa and wi recounts ( michigan was the state that this happened - in detroit , actually ) . 
  the gerrymandering argument is bs . 
  both sides love to do it . 
  i agree that it 's absolutely wrong and shame on those that do it , but to say its only a republican issue is sheer stupidity . 
  here 's an [ article from the washington post ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/05/15/americas-most-gerrymandered-congressional-districts/?utm_term=.ba35d68f5ece ) - as per their statements , 6 of the 10 worst districts were drawn by republicans . 
  the problem is that republicans ( also ) control about 60 % of seats in state governments , so its essentially equal between the parties . 
  both do it , and its very wrong . 
  i have worked state and federal elections in the us , and at least where i live , it is not true at all . 
  we probably have 50 voting stations in a county of 50,000 people . 
  some have 3-5 voting booths , while others may have 40-50 booths . 
  i am sure that some areas can and do have problems , but i strongly believe it has more due to voter turnout changing from election to election in certain neighborhoods than it does with `` voter suppression '' . 
  if you get to the voting prescient , you can and will vote . 
  when i have voted , personally , in the last ~ 4 elections , it has taken me about a total of 5-7 minutes to walk in , talk to the poll worker , and have my ballot filled out and submitted . 
  i do not consider that lengthy . 
  there are likely times that its busy and you have to wait , but at least in my experiences , lines are not very long . 
   i was shocked at how easy it was to vote in the us , let alone the fact that you literally just have to sign an ` affidavit ' saying you promise you are who you say you are to vote in some states . 
  this is correct . 
  i have worked polling stations in ohio , which has voter id laws . 
  you can walk into any polling station in ohio , regardless if its even your polling station and cast a ballot . 
  it would be a provisional ballot , which does n't count unless you meet the criteria as set out by state ( and have the county verify it ) , but that 's about it . 
  to meet typical requirements , you just need to bring in any piece of identification that can match your name up to current address that 's on file . 
  95 % of the time , that 's a photo id/driver 's license .
