  there is some nice spanish bacon you can buy at aldi . 
   germany imports a lot of things from southern europe . 
  for instance , it 's the biggest export market for italian goods . 
  ( over 60 billion $ / year ) austria and the netherlands both have a bigger trade volume with us than italy , and switzerland 's is only marginally smaller . 
  btw our imports and exports into the euro-zone are actually almost on paar with each other , so ... 
  so is apple in germany , your iphone is still made in `` south-east-asia '' . 
   by buying more southern european products , thus increasing the imports . 
  why should we start buying their stuff now , we never did before . 
  if germany 's workers get more money into their pockets it will end up where all the other money ended up too . 
  france , hollyw ... ah the usa , china ... 
  if 1 % of our entire exports is a lot to you . 
  edit : change from 0.1 % to 1 % . 
  i 'm an idiot and should not be allowed anywhere near numbers at all !, 
  most of our exports are industrial machines , chemicals and iron & steel . 
  i do n't know any pizza delivery guy who needs that stuff at home . 
  they still can if they work those jobs full time , that has nothing to do with mini-jobs . 
  mini-jobs are part time jobs . 
  mini-jobs are only a few hours a week , so if they do then they do it on the cleaning crew , as secretary or in the office . 
  they are essentially student jobs . 
  chemicals , industrial machines , electronics , iron & steel ... 
  must have dreamed up all those fines we had to pay . 
  yeah well , integrating all 600 + mil other europeans takes some time . 
  patience please ... we will come to you soon enough . 
  because there are no other options most of the time . 
  try learning any slavic language . 
  it 's very expensive but you ca n't expect little kids to understand every foreign language or read it . 
   all that history with no germany and then suddenly they are the most powerful nation in europe . 
  i really hate this view of history ... 
  the hre counts dammit !, 
   do n't be silly north-north-italy !, 
  ftfy, 
  sure i understand , but walmart also generates jobs in the same vicinity . 
  there is n't a big difference between being dependent on walmart or being dependent on a multitude of mom & pop 's . 
  same with vw , mercedes , etc. 
  they still produce cars in spain ( seat ) , czechia ( skoda ) , italy ( bugatti ) . 
  just because an particular industry is bought up by foreign investors does n't mean the particular country will suffer for it . 
  if the particular country has a workforce that can compete , and with that i do n't mean low wages , and politician that actually care about investors they should have no problems . 
  here is the thing at least for germany , the ones you call periphery were never big trading partners of ours . 
  neither for exports nor imports . 
  our biggest partners were always our direct neighbors and the us/china . 
  i also think that the whole export import discussion is a bit dishonest because a lot of money that leaves a particular country is n't really counted ( i.e. 
  tourism , service , movies i believe ) . 
  seriously ? 
  it 's a figure of speech , you know not meant to be literally . 
  you know the key problem we two have is your use of the word dependent . 
  my hypotheses is that there is no such thing as a country that is dependent on buying another ones goods . 
  but you keep on ignoring that argument . 
  they first years after the war germany was actually treated that way . 
  industry was kept down and agriculture was encouraged , only after france and britain did n't recover as expected they realized that they actually needed an industrialized germany at the core of europe . 
  yes let 's forbid free trade ... 
  was n't so much politics as economics . 
  great , we have a lot of minimum wages too , just not one unified one . 
  we did n't invent the euro and made everyone else join by force , but we made reforms that allowed us to benefit from the euro . 
  the us actually made west-germany pay for the privilege of being occupied and guess what ? 
  but does n't matter ,  nope , by special treatment i mean usa allowed germany to grow by buying its goods , and gave the money to make it possible . 
  that makes it sound like they did out of the goodness of their hearts . 
   the problem lies with the governments that pretended not to realise that these transactions that seemed normal were not because one party would did not have enough production capacity to cover their end of the bargain . 
  so you lost interest in our actual discussion and now want to discuss something else ? 
  because here i thought we were discussing how germany 's exports supposedly damage the whole european economy ? 
  mini jobs what ? 
  what has that to do with anything ? 
  and even with them our labor costs are higher than yours . 
  so why is nobody screaming that the uk is wage dumping it 's way out of the crisis ? 
   i thought we were all working under jhiojhiop 's assumption , for the sake of argument . 
  you do n't need to be so defensive . 
  i 'm not defensive . 
  and you would be better off `` working '' with the actual comments . 
   if there 's nothing you want among the things guy you 're selling to can provide , then you 're just putting them into a debt they 'll never be able to get out of . 
  it 's not that complex . 
  it 's not the sellers fault that the buyer gets into debt , you do n't have to buy !, 
  it 's not that complex . 
   if you take the money out of the equation ( which is not crazy , money only serves to facilitate trade ) , then it 's irrational to give someone something if do n't want anything they can give you . 
  you take the money but the money just means that he owes you . 
  no , shitty argument , without money we would take whatever else the buyer has , let 's say olive oil , and trade it with others for something we really want . 
  now because the buyer has n't yet produced as much olive oil as he would need he gives us a piece of paper promising the rest later . 
  and because we say yes to that we even get a bit more to make up for the delay . 
  and because we do n't want to wait for the olive oil we trade the piece of paper with someone else and now he ownes this debt . 
  and it would work fine if someone did n't forget to actually harvest the fucking olives ... no the real problem is n't us producing , the real problem is them not producing enough of worth but still trading stuff for promises they could never meet later on . 
  i 'm not jhiojhiop i did n't use the word lazy , so up yours mate . 
   the question is why the skilled hard-working germany keeps selling ? 
  seriously ? 
  because people buy it , why would n't we ? 
  `` you ca n't sell stuff anymore ! '', 
  - `` why '' - `` because we keep buying it ! '', 
  said no one ever . 
  do n't buy , problem solved . 
  excuse me ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  germany 's labor is a hell of a lot pricier than the labor of greece , italy or spain . 
  if you really believe that greeks earn more or even cost more than german workers you are beyond help . 
  here is some [ knowledge ] ( https://www.destatis.de/en/factsfigures/nationaleconomyenvironment/earningslabourcosts/labourcostsnonwagecosts/eucomparison/tables/labourcostperhourworked.html ), 
  for me it 's `` taking care of business '' not getting bogged down by useless ideology or `` vision '' . 
  and i was saying that he actually did . 
  is realpolitik an insult nowadays ? 
  oh please . 
  you can read it in every newspaper when the date comes around again and again ... 
  i actually got no problem with poland getting some money ... 
  as i understood it , / u/ajuc means that germany got special treatment and grew at the expense of it 's neighbours ... 
  everyone got marshall money and german actually less than france and britain . 
  \u00d6si-land is not real ausland .
