  industry leaders are people too and they also represent the interests of a certain important part of our society . 
  and seeing what they are actually negotiating , it would be pretty stupid to not involve the industry . 
  so let 's keep the platitudes to a minimum , shall we ? 
  not really , whites do n't search for `` white porn '' because let 's face it most of it is white . 
  so if blacks wo n't to see their `` normal '' porn they have to search for ebony . 
  so whites search for anal , milf etc. 
  and blacks search for ebony anal , ebony milf . 
  hobbit holes . 
  5,000 people in frankfurt would n't be noteworthy even if there wasnothing else going on in the rest of the world . 
  so , stop whining around and start your own company . 
  yeah wellm not everybody can afford 1000 $ + rent . 
  forget them , what 's with anno and settlers . 
  well , belarus is nice this time of the year and the best thing about it , no tyranny of the majority . 
  hey remember the time your people destroyed troy ? 
  yeah , what about all that money ? 
  they are here on a study visa , to learn the language . 
   `` evangelicals '' in the american sense are virtually nonexistant in germany . 
  you would be surprised , they are called freikirchen here and there are a lot of them , but they are n't as loud as yours . 
  otto, 
  nice beaches ? 
  no , she said our version of mc had failed . 
  what tarnished image ? 
  why not , the teams of ' 54 , ' 74 , '90 and if you had n't cheated maybe even ' 66 . 
  you mean figure skating with sticks ? 
  yes , the brits have experience cheering for the loser . 
  yes , but you get % on enlightenment . 
  bif naked makes up for all of them . 
  do i even wan na know what that is ? 
  `` european companies '' normally get fined by their respective countries agencies , because eu law tends to apply in every `` eu country '' , so any more herp derp you wan na let loose ? 
  it was n't a law yet , it was only proposed . 
  yes , i 'm very [ surprised ] ( http://www.christina-crisafulli.com/karneval.jpg ) . 
  no , we only do that with apes from a certain island . 
  says the blegian . 
  everyone who knows that area wo n't be surprised , sandy soil and no mayor water ways . 
  right , sure . 
  is it opposite friday ? 
  not that i would know . 
  not when it comes to germany or germans , sometimes i think they are in direct competion with the sun . 
  what a shitty title , typical . 
  ah , ok well i was born in brandenburg in the dark times and i always had to endure the `` why do n't you speak like an ossi ! '', 
  morons + you could hear a saxon family from three km away , always . 
  believe me when i say that the saxons are n't the most well liked people in the east , at least back then . 
  i suppose you could stay away from everything fin-related . 
  do n't you have to think about a new user name ? 
  go , kshhh , do n't come back until you have one !, 
  and no chav is not a good replacement . 
  or you can let a joke be a joke and move on with your life . 
  same reason as bavaria , speak a weird language , have some very strange habits and they can be just as annoying . 
  [ s = on ] you stole wembley from us in ' 66 . 
  [ s = off ], 
  i would have let saxony out too . 
  that can get very expensive for him , let 's say a door every 5 min . 
  30 % is more than enough to get apointed chancellor in some countries , just saying . 
  the scots do . 
  edit : so much hate on a simple joke . 
  well , it is frozen pizza ... 
  what ? 
  treason !, 
  are n't those mostly for various food products ? 
  no that is called cost-effectiveness and is nothing german . 
  and the mother of copy-pasta and idiotic opinion pieces is going to change that how ? 
   it 's `` we 're not an immigrant country '' vs. `` no , pre-school language tests are discriminatory '' . 
  both do n't make sense . 
  and , yes , that works out well , for me  i have an austrian grandfather , does that make me an immigrant ? 
  is merkel now magically polish ? 
  just because we have some immigration happening does n't make us an immigrant country , most of us are german even if there are some non german grandparents in the tree . 
  ca n't say much to your second example because it eludes me right now . 
   what about things like movement rights for asylum seekers ? 
  the list is endless , while no npd , the cdu does take a hard stance . 
  that does n't make them racist , that makes the conservative . 
  here is your thinking : `` why not give asylum seekers movement rights or even working rights . '', 
  here is the cdu 's thinking : `` because then we would have a lot , a looooot more asylum seekers in our country who probably wo n't be able to support themselves even with working rights . '', 
   yes , i bet people being beaten up by police for no reason whatsoever , and the police more often than not not losing their job is n't actually that bad . 
  the same thing happens in all police forces around the country and the world , is it shame , very much so , yes . 
  but funnily enough the same thing gets somehow ignored when it does n't happen in cdu/csu land . 
  especially berlin has a very long history with that kind of a thing , must be the cdu 's fault . 
  what do we care , we already had the sudetenland . 
  now everything that came after that is a total different story . 
   resentments are everywhere in the population , regardless of political leanings . 
  `` all those poles and romanians are taking away my job , they 're the reason i do n't earn properly '' etc. 
  true and i never doubted that . 
   anti-zionism is common in the left , which may drift into anti-semitism ( but usually does n't ) , but even if it does it still is a completely different beast from `` old school '' anti-semitism . 
  which you wo n't find in cdu policies , but in their voting base . 
  i very much doubt that , seeing that the cdu 's voting base is mostly older and economical better situated than the spd 's or the linke . 
  they might be more anti-immigration but anti-semits they generally are n't . 
  there is a reason why the cdu has a lot of jewish politicians . 
  btw . 
  oh they are just anti-zionist is n't a very good argument either , because it means that they want to get rid of the israeli state . 
  i do n't know about you but i have my problems with that attitude . 
   fact is , though , the cdu/csu are the hardliners when it comes to immigration , citizenship etc ... 
  they are hardly hardliners ( pun not intended ) , the schengen agreement was signed while kohl was in power and i do n't see any moves from merkel to restrict non-eu immigration more . 
  now they are probably wo n't be open up germany to more unskilled immigration but i do n't have any problems with that . 
   while the left , for a long time , turned an ideological blind eye to actual problems . 
  so the cdu is anti-immigrant while the left is just turning a blind eye , well that works out nice for you , does n't it . 
   cdu/csu states also are regularly way more authoritarian , they may be more authoritarian but you make it sound like a orwellian nightmare . 
  i think bavaria is hardly that bad , also  and have a bigger problem with police violence , including against minorities , immigrant or not . 
  i wholehardly disagree . 
  you will will find even more problems in spd favorites like nrw and berlin . 
   it 's one of those areas where one is well-advised to leave one 's own partisanship behind , and i think that you are a bit blind one your left eye there . 
  hey , do n't shoot the messenger ...
