  because the next chancellor of germany will just ignore his/her mandate to take care of germany first and foremost and will be your lots savior , yup that will surely be happening . 
  are you polish ? 
  excuse my question but the only people in the world who actually care about steinbach are the polish . 
  it was always amusing to see the polish press react to the unimportant utterings of her . 
  but to answer your question : no . 
  uh island , how can you hide something that bog from us ? 
  that is n't a thing . 
  it was always a circlejerk , now it 's a pro-russian one and in a few months it 'll go back to being a pro-usa one . 
  and give putin a blowjob . 
  shock, 
  what ? 
  no worries , it 's not her . 
  the real one was way uglier in her youngish years . 
  does it come with a bottle of jever ? 
  the nsa . 
  do n't you people read the duden ? 
  your bastardization of the glorious german language has gone too far , you are worse than the swiss and they put a - li on everything . 
  oh you, 
  i 'll bet it 's unemployment and far left extremists . 
  we even had an austrian as our leader once , did n't work out so well , but nonetheless . 
  try zatoo, 
  no idea , that our intelligence services work together is kinda expected of allies , but beyond that i have no clue . 
  also that the cia nsa was spying on us was a running joke between us germans in the 90s already . 
  do n't say bomb on the phone the americans are listening !, 
  which was already done . 
  it was n't even a fascist dictatorship back then . 
  as if those royal have any role beyond please smile nicely into the camera in their countries politics . 
  if we do n't win this year , we 'll never win again ... 
  i 'm kinda disappointed , i wanted the scots to cheer for us . 
  gardening , you are still world class at it . 
  sry , should have been crisis . 
  syria is n't iraq , and i fully believe with saddam present , syria too would not be the mess it is now . 
  the arab spring is n't responsible for the isis decanter though . 
  iraq was stable and so was the region , we may not have liked saddam but he meant stability . 
  and now what ? 
  sorry folks we half assed the whole thing , but we do n't want to do it anymore ? 
  was not aware fn was activity back then . 
  please , heard the same in the 90 's , nothing happened . 
  yeah sorry misread ... 
  germany was against the iraq war , we made that whole production out of it . 
  maybe you missed it ? 
  old europe , new europe ? 
  ring any bells ? 
  yeah , funny how that worked out , huh , the us wishing saddam back . 
  it 's your fucking mess ... 
  uh atalanta is still ongoing . 
  it is still their border first and foremost , it 's their coastline those ships will land and their hinterlands all these people will walk through on their way to you austria . 
  if they actually want your help , you seem under the impression they are all poor violated flowers . 
  most of them here in germany make a lot more money than the normal working stiff . 
  that would still want you take care of that . 
  edit : mean not want , shitty autocorrect, 
  let 's try this with mexicans and canada first , report back as soon as you can pls . 
  yes , let 's not do anything so the other countries can cry about germany not taking the lead . 
  seriously france might focus on africa in the future but leaving the eu is not gon na happen . 
  if not them who is ? 
  it 's their actual border . 
  being illegal has n't changed that , let 's try legal . 
  most are polish/russian, 
  but not that far . 
  germanic ! = german , but anyway the german speaking swiss are culturally speaking south german together with the austrians and the southern party of germany proper . 
  or it had been on the rise because of the financial crisis and germany being the biggest country in the eu which is also smack dab in the middle of europe . 
  or it 's because of the new members the eu picked up . 
  or those numbers are just overblown bs without any claim to reality . 
  pick the one that makes more sense . 
  let 's not kid ourselves is right , prostitution happens with or without being legal . 
  if it 's legal prostitutes at least have rights and certain privileges and human trafficking happens with or without . 
  going to work all day as a garbage man is just as shitty , but no one cries to outlaw that . 
  yes , fully agree . 
  might be , but slippery slope without actual evidence . 
  but i doubt the party itself gave anything , because they are notoriously short on money . 
  they are stupid but not that stupid , obviously they would follow the rules with the new one just as much as they do now . 
  be aware that we have no evidence at all that they have done something wrong yet . 
  what a loser ... 
  yes, 
  i disagree a successful outlaw attempt would make them matyrs and spawn a new party . 
  they are n't officially fascists or nazi wannabes , that does n't fly here . 
  they know the rules and play by them , but everybody knows what they really want . 
  but do n't worry they are a joke . 
  well , if we had someone who could take care of that . 
  you know a being with the power to edit comments of other users , that would be great . 
  we could call them overseers or moderators or something like that . 
  we are not over the incident in italy , fucking llamas !, 
  hate !, 
  forever !, 
  but cool news . 
  well , command decides the action taken and units follow . 
  so i do n't think the dutch will have much say . 
  ah ok , rhx for explaining . 
  the franco-german brigade is decades old , there is a german-polish unit , there are lots of those all over europe . 
  huh ? 
  i do n't follow , of what ? 
  oh , my poor heart is broken . 
  the german state still has no jurisdiction . 
  germans would resent english ? 
  uh , you should see our commercials ... 
  please , that amateur . 
  so are cars , alcohol , most tvs shows ... 
  if they bribed once they will do it again sure , so no i do n't think it 's coincidence . 
  but i suspect you mean something entirely else . 
  extraditions are not something that happens automatically , if you ca n't offer sufficient evidence no country is going to do it .
