the east german society and the political establishment . 
  she was also one of the first who got active in the democratic process in ' 89 , but that does n't count , right ? 
  could fast track the balkans into the reich , should boost the points even further . 
  says the brit . 
  fully agree , there are less differences between austria and south germany than there are between north and south germany . 
  fully agreed , when it comes to family planning people should keep their eyes on their own plates and their mouths shut . 
  google has a long memory . 
  ya know , most blacks in berlin are recent-ish immigrants . 
  i hear more french than german from blacks around here . 
  i do n't understand ... 
  keeps the assholes out , is n't perfect but works reasonable well , most of the time . 
  no , just some morally superior teenagers with too much time on their hands . 
  you say up , i would say down . 
  irrelevant anyway , people who behave that dastardly against one of the greatest football heroes the world has ever seen , have no credibility anyway , you air nicking , sun heisting , light pilfering scumlord !, 
  or just accept german superiority and become the 17 bundesland . 
  ajax could use some real competition anyway . 
  shut up , you land robbing , clay stealing , water thieving wannabe llama !, 
  ' 90 , never forget !, 
  germany is also only divided into it 's separate states . 
  eh , if you 're not a 300 kilo couch potato you 'll have no big problems , the strict rules are probably more annoying , but instructors really ca n't fuck with you too much . 
  they have to post the training shedule for every one to see way in advance , so no surprise wakey-wakey in the middle of the night . 
  sms = texting for our non german friends . 
  poor you . 
  will you ever be funny ? 
  ahem , the nazi movement began in the south and wwi was an austrian plot to make us prussians look bad . 
  in what dreamland are you living ? 
  the small communities are broke now for the last 30 years . 
  i 'm sure your estonian friend , if she actually exists , is very representative to europe at large . 
  sure , did the angels tell you that ? 
  do you even read the news or just the headlines ? 
  oh look , a racist fuck and he is american , what a surprise . 
  without the greens nuclear paranoia there would be a drop already . 
  you fucking hypocrite , `` i dislike people with an agenda ... '' , i hope you suffer in your own selfhate then . 
  fact is that without the idiocy of the green movement we could have been off of coal by now . 
  does it hurt ? 
  which was a surprisingly good article . 
  broken window theory , look into it . 
  converts, 
  i 'm pretty sure we would all be in the red on that one , or in the green depends on your point of view . 
  probably because of the other electronic equipment in the nose cone . 
  still on your crusade i see , well do n't forget to take your vitamins and try to sleep at least 7 hours a day . 
  we do n't want you to get all out of shape trying to bring down the evil empire . 
  germany is number 3 actually , behind the us and russia and before britain and france . 
  yeah so ? 
  it 's a `` country '' of nothing but grown ups and probably more important wine plays a significant role in catholic services . 
  you should look at the actual numbers , you might get be surprised . 
  so you are just nitpicking , gotcha . 
  so what exactly is your problem with that ? 
  you were the one who brought up content , i was arguing that netflix wo n't be better than our homegrown providers that are already here . 
  well , public tvs should n't buy foreign series either , at least not in those quantities , they should invest in local talent . 
  csi 's , ncsi 's and a dozen more ... 
  csi 's , rizolli and blahblahblah , hawaii 5.0 , ncis 's etc. 
  first of all i was talking about providers and not content . 
  and secondly most of those crime shit comes from america . 
  assume away , i do n't care . 
  my comment was n't about tvs shows but providers . 
  most ` american ' shows are pathetic crap too , you just never see most of them . 
  eh , the ` everything german is boring and shite , but if it comes from america it must be cool ' crowd will do their best that netflix will have a decent start . 
  the circlejerk around netflix on r/de is strong . 
  what is there to answer ? 
  i was joking around and neither did i call you douche , but i 'm starting to want to honestly . 
  it was n't meant seriously !, 
  dude ... seriously ? 
  are you fucking with me now ? 
  is there a hidden camera somewhere ? 
  oh you thought we were having a real , meaningful discussion ? 
  sorry then , my bad , i was just kidding around , ya know jokes and stuff , i mean like you in your original comment . 
  at least i hope that was meant whimsical , if not you would be a real douche . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/9789264183896-en/02/07/g2-07-01.html?itemid=/content/chapter/9789264183896-26-en&amp;_csp_=051b7f1a7a00be030ba5033520b8c1ba ) is some actual data , you might be surprised about a few countries . 
  that ` americanized ' bit is just nonsense btw , food culture is more complex than just having mcdonald 's and hollywood in your country . 
  uh huh . 
  which magical countries would that be ? 
  in the end it all depends on the caloric intake . 
  if you sit on the couch all day only eating pastries but stay under the 2000 limit you wo n't get fat . 
  look who 's talking . 
  and they should n't , let them have their little playground , they are n't hurting anybody and are simultaneously out in the open were everybody can see those little fucks . 
  sure all those burned cars , broken windows and other assorted things that get burned , broken or just generally trashed every year by them belong only to big , bad hitler reincarnations . 
  dont worry about us , we are having parties here all the time , you should come on over the big one will start soon . 
  so we are just miserable people and the spanish are happy , go lucky ? 
  me thinks you are a bit biased here , quell surprise . 
  til ... 
  tempo for a tissue ( to blow your nose ) . 
  zewa for kitchen tissues . 
  nothing else comes to mind . 
  hardly, 
  ukraine us as much a potential eu member as turkey is , no , not even . 
  most of those are n't soldiers , they are support . 
  and they are nothing if compared to the 800 k troops the eu countries have . 
  elected kaisers dude . 
  well , not anymore , here are the keys , there is the alcohol , good luck , we are on vacation if anyone comes asking for us . 
  you seriously believe your handful of soldiers stationed in europe could defend a fruit basket from being eaten ? 
  if yes , you are seriously deluded . 
  defending europe , hahahaha, 
  so from now one everything that goes wrong in europe is your fault ? 
  yeah !, 
  not really , we are n't pessimists , we are complainers and fatalists now and then , sure , but we are not really pessimistic . 
  how about we do n't , thx . 
  give one example of her `` politics '' in regards to russia , that `` failed '' . 
  what no reply ? 
  come on now you little shit , come up with an answer ...
