  merkel ca n't change/decide the law by herself , the bundestag and bundesrat have to vote on it . 
  and that is certainly not going to happen on a single afternoon . 
  yeah but the teachers choose who to sent there . 
  knowing the teachers i had ... 
  nothing a shotgun wedding could n't fix . 
  yes, 
  he is the asshole we need , his job is to protect the german people and not the greeks . 
  bullshit , americans never gave anything without taking 10 times as much first . 
  you are still not in control of your finances , yes there is a limit to what can be touched but your bank account will still be taken over so to speak . 
  the marshall plan was a drop in the bucket , it 's significance is highly overrated . 
  greece doing some substantial reforms is what the rest of us requested . 
  please do , hamburg , rostock , bremen could use the business . 
  apparently not ... 
  which one ? 
  london or londonderry ? 
  i seriously doubt you have a wide overview of the german media then . 
  and just because you live in `` ground zero '' does n't mean you are an expert either . 
  i live in germany but that does n't make me an expert on german politics , media or schnitzel . 
  and you have ? 
  go get lost with your bullshit accusations . 
  blah , blah , blah ... 
  coming from one of the nations who is responsible for the crisis in the first place ... 
  you liked it, 
  well , housewives are still a thing , so not very surprising to me . 
  you are the one watching it . 
  still ... 
  ya know , we germans are actually like that too , most of the time . 
  but we have our moments ... or years ... 
  not really, 
  now we all know that ca n't be true ... 
  everyone with german citizenship is considered german . 
  does n't matter if they are first , second or third generation . 
  those are turks that either chose to stay turkish or are n't eligible for german citizenship yet . 
  mayor party ? 
  about time ? 
  how old are you ? 
  south is catholic , north is protestant , it 's the south who has the most problems with it . 
  not that there are n't hardcore protestants who oppose it too . 
  poland is a bit surprising , but a nice surprise . 
  nice , thanks . 
  it actually does n't . 
  oi , wan na know too . 
  several modified . 
  several !, 
  wenn only have 3 , well 4 if you count \u00df . 
  which is another reason for why german is superior , we have the \u00df . 
  who else ? 
  that 's right . 
  no one !, 
  we had 3 , you only had 1 . 
  you are just a german colony , so australia is a german grandcolony . 
  german pronunciation , best pronunciation !, 
  every letter has a reason for existing and every word you hear can easily be transcribed . 
  perfection in ink !, 
  na , too late mate . 
  hell no !, 
  and end at the pazifik ... 
  settle down there hat , my head is getting cold . 
  the sunshine hours are pretty great actually . 
  the arctic could use some population . 
  really ? 
  uh hu , dictatorship is a great thing , as long as the vodka is flowing . 
  sidewalks ? 
  and with recently you mean from the get go , and with suddenly you also mean from the start of the occupation and later annexation , right ? 
  uh hu , meanwhile they are undercutting the wages for your own homegrown workers . 
  is n't that great !, 
  yes getting rid by making sure everyone gets their fair share accounting to size and ability , how diabolical of us . 
  and yes your question is inane , what does it even mean ? 
  do we detain every american business man that comes through frankfurt and kidnap them so everybody gets one for himself ? 
  or are you talking about the first country rule ? 
  which , if you look at germany 's geographical location would probably mean we could just turn all those asylum seekers around that come by land route . 
  yeah !, 
  alright anglos , see what you 've done !, 
  time to end the redhead hate , let the gingers become equals !, 
  no more soulless jokes !, 
  just fuck them out of existence and be done with it !, 
  edit : i stand by my joke !, 
  you ca n't silence me !, 
  fooking humour-gestapo !, 
  or the syrian civil war , the ongoing palestinian conflict , the mostly failed arab spring ... 
  spying for vodka recipes , no doubt . 
  right , good luck with that . 
  i 'm sure the nimby crowd will be happy to comply . 
  problem is it does n't work out like that . 
  there wo n't be 1 in 2800 , there will be 100 + in that area and 0 in this area . 
  do you think germany should redistribute inane questions to other eu-members ? 
  i mean fair is fair . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace , it 's what it is . 
  damn frenchies ... edit : before someone complains - / s, 
  everything that glorifies military should be downvoted , that is especially true for backass countries like russia . 
  really ? 
  to me it always looked pathetic , the uniforms and hats are two sizes to big , like little children playing soldiers . 
  the flag is just evil , not even cool evil . 
  and the hardware still looks like it is from the eighties . 
  if they get paid a living wage . 
  sure . 
  yeah so ? 
  business leaders can do what they want as long as they do n't break the law , they are not politicians . 
  but suggesting that the cdu of all parties may be in bed with putin is beyond ridiculous . 
  and when it comes to taking bribes the spd is n't very shy either .
