  maybe you should take a break from the ganja friend . 
  and in other news `` turns out the sun is red and the earth is flat . '', 
  most of the week for after 16 and once or twice for before , what hinterland are you vegetating in ? 
  thx, 
  interesting , thx, 
  til polish elementary school covers age 10 and 11 . 
  no , no , no , nonononono , no !, 
  of course france , we all know the devil speaks french and eats camembert infused snails . 
  dude , it 's 2015 even banks have open later than that nowadays . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could find examples a plenty from every decade . 
  why do n't you lead by example . 
  he does this shit all the time , someone from the east must have looked at him funny once . 
  no , not really , not enough time to watch everything . 
  well , that 's like your opinion , dude ... 
  i actually got bored of the americans in season 2 . 
  this plus the 300 pounds too much weight is just hilariously stereotypical . 
  nice try , but i do n't think they are buying it . 
  no , that is just funny . 
  uh hu ... 
  inferiority complex . 
  yes , and i hope the little green men use copies amounts of lubricant in your anal probing . 
  how much time do you spend in your car ? 
  also i 'm neither aware that you are legally required to only use one car nor that it will fit in your pocket . 
  edit : btw . 
  that phone claim i will accept at face value , if you accept that most people neither turn off their phones nor leave them behind if they are underway . 
  point is your paranoia in this case is overblown . 
  no the butt ugly hairstyle . 
  aliens ... or fascists . 
  seriously , what is up with that ? 
  come on now , it is still relevant and informative . 
  uh boy , he just got wet pants , thanks america !, 
  do you have your smartphone on you most of the time ? 
  the title is n't really anti , you just perceive it that way . 
  lobbying is legal and to some extent necessary and renewables are not in the best interest to shell , so of course they try to lobby against them . 
  the title is just stating facts . 
  okay , i just had your comments to go on . 
  does n't matter anyway . 
  it 's nice to want such things when you can only profit from it , is n't it ? 
  no my friend , democracy is n't about being nice to others , you want your voice to count and guess what ? 
  so do we germans , the french , the dutch , the italians , the swedes , the portugese and anyone else in the world . 
  you ca n't demand that europe `` respects '' the wishes of the greek eletorate and then dismiss the notion that other countries have a demanding electorate themselves . 
  yeah , how dare the duly elected representatives of other countries not give in to the greek electorate !, 
  looking out for the interest of their own people , scum !, 
  blah , blah , blah , i 'm so deep and progressive , blah , blah , blah, 
  it 's freaking fun , i played a few matches when i was younger . 
  but probably not much of a spectator sport . 
  on a human ... , jikes , that has to be a freaky wake up afterwards . 
  i do n't really like any of the choices . 
  you , sir , are an awful , awful human being . 
  you are a lier , a demagogue and a stubborn ass . 
  you realize that there was open warfare between those groups back then , hell , they even made a shitty movie about it . 
  yes , let 's concentrate all the uneducated masses of africa in one big pile . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  and it killed the dinosaurs !, 
  will anybody think about the dinosaurs ?!, 
  please !, 
  someone ? 
  anyone !, 
  you will also have to send all your dick pics to the nsa for identification purposes . 
  the ladies can choose between tits or vag pics . 
  i personally like to have some ass pics if you are already doing it anyway . 
  uh hu . 
  i do n't think the munich crowd is any better . 
  nope , staid still and let them march down leipziger strasse , the bundesrat as backdrop . 
  a few thousand parading down the street does n't take long . 
  and yes i got a good look at them and their wwf sponsored sunflowers and anti-atom stickers , i felt like i was transplanted back into the 80s . 
  and yes it was a anti ttip protest , i checked afterwards . 
  i keep telling you , you do n't have to believe me , go check them out yourself . 
  you are missing the point , they all were like that , i could n't see one person that did n't look like s/he just arrived from a kill all humans meetup a.k.a. 
  vegan cooking workshop . 
  it is probably virtually impossible to find someone sane in those crowds . 
  so downvote away folks but i 'm still right and you can go check it out for yourself the next time the veggie brigade is marching again . 
  you should go to one of those demonstrations , if you do you 'll see that most of these `` activists '' are actually vegan hippy wannabees who latched on the ttip issue because nobody gives a crap about vegan issues . 
  go see for yourself ... 
  i swear here in berlin i have seen more meat is murder or gmo is evil signs on those demos than `` ttip ist b\u00f6se ! '', 
  this is n't the 90s anymore , wind power has matured technologically . 
  pro athletes really do n't live healthy life styles . 
  it 's donau you weirdos . 
  do you do the same about nazi germany ? 
  to 3 , are you fucking serious ? 
  the more we reject you , the more you 'll want us . 
  und ich bin total verschossen in deine sommersprossen , but your breath !, 
  ugh , sorry , no deal . 
  well , at last , a like minded soul . 
  i 'm not alone !, 
  now , go away , i do n't think i like you very much ... 
  yeah , do n't worry i got that . 
  i thought you were cool !, 
  so report about her if she is actually close to winning . 
  we do n't really need to see every little burp some american politician makes . 
  after they frenchified their language ? 
  hardly !, 
  17th bundesland niederlande is more probable me thinks . 
  you do know what the step after this one is , right cousin ? 
  go big or go home , and they definitely did n't wan na go home . 
  do you have some 400 + trained soldiers stashed somewhere we can borrow ? 
  then sure it could be done earlier . 
  jet engines ? 
  tell me about it , left their dead lying around all over the place . 
  the celtic ?
