  how much of a nazi am i then and what exactly is so nazi about me ? 
  this was our fourth , not even good at trolling , are you ? 
  let 's see how long it takes them to fuck it up . 
  do n't you have a black man to incarcerate ? 
  if they would n't just replace him with another spd politician , that would actually be good news . 
  you have one or two kellerkinder every decade , that counts as exiting . 
  nobody is stopping you . 
  we could kill off our 40 + crowd , that would give us a higher percentage of under 14 year olds too . 
  what a stupid comparison . 
  thx , it 's always good to be understood . 
  may i also suggest you try and develop a sense of humor , you do n't have to but it might come in handy from time to time . 
  cheerio and greet your underdeveloped taste buds from me . 
  socialism, 
  that sounds to me like you just do n't like real beer , which is fine . 
  interesting , but now i wonder how frog pate would taste , get on it would you . 
  dude , i know you love us , but this is getting creepy , back off a little . 
  it 's good to have goals in life , gives you something to strife for . 
  now could someone kindly drop a bomb on her please ? 
  that 's great and more power to them , but if i have to hear another `` that kiwi melon beer i had last week is soooooo superior to the bland european beers '' i 'll get an aneurism . 
  wait , so you are telling me there is non goose pate ( imagine the fancy symbols , i 'm too lazy ) ? 
  like what ? 
  duck ? 
  chicken ? 
  dog ? 
  eh , it is n't frog now , is it ? 
  traffic on empty parking lots can pick up quite a lot sometimes , i mean all those driving schools have to go somewhere . 
  evil attracts evil . 
  yikes but the community ... 
  i drank a beer made out of chili and horse dung and it was soooooo awesome !!, 
  please , countries left and right have adopted our superior version of a law system , morons . 
  do n't worry , we will bomb russian next week just for you . 
  did that make sense to you when you wrote it , because i have to say it does n't to me . 
  i was a `` key child '' from the age of 8 onwards . 
  that meant going home alone after school and also being home alone for a few hours . 
  it 's a bad deal for you anyway , there are a lot more of yours still around then we ever dropped on you . 
  / slight exaggeration, 
  there still is a giant marx and engels statue smack dab in the middle of touristy berlin , and communists do n't need our help , they slander there own ideology just fine . 
  btw . 
  i was born in east germany long before the fall of the wall , do n't talk to me like this system is just misunderstood , it 's inhumane . 
  why convenient ? 
  who gives a crap . 
  where do we send the bill ? 
  / joke, 
  ` maybe if the europeans had never come in ... ' , granted i 'm a bit hyperbolic but come on . 
  you make it sound as if africa was a pacifist heaven before our ancestors showed up . 
  no doubt the european powers were responsible for much of africa 's bloody history , but slavery , wars , genocides were already known to them before a european ever set food on that continent . 
  show me sources or stfu . 
  that is nice and all but i 'm not interested in discussing that . 
  i 'm not against renting , neither have i a problem with people that rent or do think renting is for idiots , all i maintained is that most middle class germans have the means to actually own their own home . 
  again you are arguing points i 've never raised . 
  yeah , that wo n't bite us in the ass ... 
  yeah that are all good or not so good reasons why in germany ownership is low , but has nothing to do with the point the original commenter has made . 
  he said people could n't afford it and i objected , i 'm not sure what you are trying to argue here . 
  hi there , ever wondered were all those hole digging maniacs come from ? 
  big cities are always short on property , you 'll have the same problem in athens , london , oslo and sofia . 
  even so there are cheapish deals to be had , if you are willing to commute . 
  who said anything about houses ? 
  but even then , most germans do n't live in berlin , munich , hamburg etc. 
  the house my sister has is worth 70k . 
  edit : 8 years is nothing btw . 
  if it does n't have one state church , it follows it neither has two or three . 
  and no calling them that is not understandable regardless of their history . 
  a little update for those that still care , turns out she did n't have ebola , quell surprise , but malaria . 
  germany does n't have a state church . 
  bull ... , the middle class pays what between 500 and 1000 a month for rent ? 
  take that amount and see how long it would take you to pay off a 100.000 euro mortgage . 
  most people could actually own their own homes if they wanted too . 
  oh please . 
  fuck off , troll someone else, 
  i do n't give a shit , there are maybe a few hundred from the western world , most of them , 99 % , are not . 
  i 'm not the one who thinks he is morally superior here , in fact i 'm not the one who brought up morals in the first place . 
  so stuff it you tool . 
  you just admitted that you are as uncaring as i am and still think you are somehow a better person ... 
  i do n't see you give a shit about all those black people down south that die in the millions every decade , you fucking hypocrite . 
  iraq is the us and uk 's mess , let them clean it up , maybe they finally learn the fucking lesson . 
  not ever, 
  especially because everybody already bought one before the wc , hanging around the brandenburg gate was creepy as hell on game days . 
  in 2006 we at least had variety , some old ones , some new ones , the 54 replicas but this year holy fuck . 
  see , no fun at all . 
  we would love to brag , but it 's no fun if our frenemies are so fucking bad at football , right oranje ? 
  not our mess ... 
  i do n't think 11 mil will break their back . 
  mashed potatoes with caramelized onions and bouletten . 
  we do n't and never have kicked out scientologists , in fact scientology is free to pursue their business in germany , just not under the pretext of being a religion . 
  stupid people saying stupid things . 
  sources ? 
  yeah , fuck the dutch !, 
  next month we 'll even have a 4x4 outpost in space . 
  a poor person would n't get a 50 mil bribe , they would get maybe a thousand and would than have to pay 2 thousand to the court in similar happenstances . 
  neither does this . 
  as far as i can remember the dutch and french sizes are self reported . 
  you should really update your net there britain , rolling blackouts are quite embarrassing for a first world country . 
  eurofighters ? 
  and give the french and the brits a big piece if the business ? 
  hell no !, 
  now if you wan na talk tanks we can deal . 
  ah sorry , brain fart , disregard my comments . 
  french africa is why i said that , i could be wrong of course i do n't know that much about the region , but i assume that not many have regular access to the www . 
  but i would n't be surprised if i have to eat my words here . 
  no it would n't , the eu without russia has.a population of 500 mil and with 640 mil .
