  also chocolate , do n't forget the chocolate . 
  you know you should make it easier for us and just move it to trafalgar square . 
  it 's just wasted out there . 
  do n't be like that , you will again sell us all your ore and make a pretty penny , it 's a win win . 
  edit :  did n't you already try that one with the u.k ? 
  no that one did work out pretty good actually . 
  edit2 : should be ` pretty well ' , should n't it ? 
  probably that there is nothing else to see but london . 
  oh i will visit , do n't know if i will contribute very much but we will see . 
  it will be interesting to see if it will work out like you hope to . 
  only problem is i did n't react to the un declaration at all . 
  thank you for taking the time and explaining your motives behind creating this new sub . 
  it sounds like a very good idea and i hope it will work out for you . 
  i still have my doubts as to how succesful you will be but i hope to be proven wrong . 
  if i may make an suggestion it would be that you are a bit clearer in your subreddit statement as to what you want to achieve or do n't want to see , it is a bit wishy washy right know . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  i hope it works out for you . 
  hmm , that sounds to me as if you want to create a nice little cozy stammtisch setting . 
  the problem i see here is that you probably will end up with like minded people and there never will be any serious discussions happening . 
   sarrazin 's theses also represent the average cdu/csu politician 's mindset . 
  so , discussing those would mean attacking the very core of merkel 's party and our society . 
  right the cdu are the racist ones , sure , let 's ignore the fact that sarrazin was a spd politician for decades and that the biggest anti-semites are part of the left . 
  no problem, 
  ] + ( http://reddit.com ) without + will give you [ reddit !, 
  i do n't wan na ruin your righteous outrage here but those things have a single shot modus and you have better aim with them than with a sidearm . 
  one bullet per million citizen does n't seam much to me , especially when half of them were warning shots . 
  you must realises that those german transplants you mentioned are known concepts , people might not know their literary translations but they know what they mean . 
  so do some explaining once at the beginning as to what you mean when you use that term or give some references . 
  the only thing you will find on german google if you search for marktvolk is adds for some medieval faires . 
  if at all that word only describes the entirety of the people running around on [ weekly markets ] ( http://www.zeven.de/v2/uploads/wochenmarkt/wochenmarkt2.jpg ) . 
  i do n't even know why you insist on using a german word at all , is it to give your musings some kind of legitimacy , or are you trying to make your concept sound scarier ? 
  please stop using german words you do n't understand , thank you . 
  could be that they just ignore the `` do n't vote `` s because they are meaningless for such a question . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that every one they ask is at least allowed to vote . 
  electorate, 
  well , yes . 
  we got something for [ that !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/minenr%c3%a4umpanzer_keiler_im_gel%c3%a4nde.jpg ), 
  na , that is just him and few others around the world but the quotes are pretty spot on . 
  let 's give them a bottle of club mate each and let them watch this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iekibiyltvy ) so they know how to behave . 
  now here is something we really have to apologize for . 
  you pay us enough money and we will keep them here . 
  nope , everyone has to pay , apart from the jobless etc. 
  i do n't even have one anymore , still have to pay it . 
  well , per household , but if you are a 1 wo/man household then yes you are fucked . 
  and it also pays for public radio which is marginally better than the tv-program , which is worse then best korea 's . 
  well at least some good comes from paying 200 $ a year . 
  i 'm not sure that is possible for non-german ips . 
  do n't worry about it , in fact without the [ polish press ] ( http://www.dw.de/image/0,,975058_4,00.jpg ) most germans would n't know her either . 
  her name is erika steinbach and she is the president of the federation of expellees ( bund der vertriebenen ) , which is a npo that represents the interests of germans who were expelled from certain regions after wwii . 
  and our neighbours to the east have some issues with her . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2a/erika-steinbach-2007-ffm001.jpg ), 
  if you ca n't find one in germany , you ca n't find one anywhere . 
  resell value . 
  if i had a glove , i would slap you with it . 
  why ? 
  you try and do your job after reading a few thousand emails each day . 
  bad day ? 
  there you go again with the assuming , what is it with you ? 
  is my english that bad ? 
  i did n't minimise anything , in fact i did n't even make a judgement , good or bad , about the content of the article at all . 
   it is as if a french person would minimise a german criticising subsidies for french wine , because `` the german wine is so bad '' . 
  that analogy makes no sense at all . 
   never mind if the criticism was correct , you are not taking it serious and minimising it - same thing you did . 
  what ? 
  all i said is that we should wait and see how they are doing first before we take them too seriously . 
   and frankly , i do not think the brits are sad they are not in the euro . 
  and frankly , i never said they are . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  is there another me commenting here ? 
  hello ? 
  am i alone ? 
  does anybody else hear those voices ? 
  and yes , i 'm officially , seal and all , making fun of you now . 
   it gets coverage in sweden to btw , just as a lot of other parties in germany and abroad . 
  that is fine if they are serious parties with actual power , which that one is n't yet and never may be . 
   if you do not want huge permanent transfers , how do you expect the euro to survive ? 
  again , did n't really say anything like that at all . 
  i 'm really getting worried now , has someone hacked my account ? 
  grandpa is that you ? 
  they get mayor coverage in the german press because they are a german party , there is a difference i would assume . 
  i also did not attack anyone , i made somewhat funny , at least i think so , comment . 
  and neither did i discuss the $ at all . 
  i do n't know how many times i have to repeat myself to you , please stop reading things into my comments that are n't there . 
  and my personel view on that subject matter is not really important to understand my comments , do n't you think ? 
  but whatever , here you go :  if you think it is ok to break the maastrich treaty ? 
  no i do n't think it would be ok , not under the framework we are now operating . 
  but i also think that it will be inevitable to amend it in the not so far away future . 
  but i 'm a layman , what do i know . 
   do you think the euro can survive without permanent transfers ? 
  probably not , is that a good or bad thing ? 
  i have no clue . 
   do you think the people in germany and other countries should be allowed to vote on these issues ? 
  no , i 'm a republican ( not in the american sense , or maybe a little ) , i do n't like this kind of democrasy . 
   all in all , do you think his criticism is right or not . 
  depends on what you want . 
  of course he has some points , the $ is the brain child of the common denominator , it 's by definition flawed . 
  but if you want a tighter union you ca n't just throw it overboard . 
  if you do n't well ... 
  no i did n't , i made my somewhat snarky comment because i find it a bit funny that a party that has n't even proven that they can get votes gets mayor coverage in the british press .
