  what did happen was that she decided to return to germany sooner than planned , but her competitions were already done . 
  she did n't resign from anything . 
  you are not allowed to vote for yourselves , so no it wo n't . 
  that is not what that law means . 
  i do n't see why that would be a problem . 
  obviously most units would be one language units and just the leadership would be requiered to also speak english . 
  no , not really . 
  he outed himself to pre-empt a yellow paper doing it for him . 
  that was 2001 just before he was elected for the first time . 
  5 $ says a christian bishop will be first . 
  you are now an adult in the eyes of the law . 
  and most historians agree with you . 
  every bigger city in germany was leveled , not just dresden . 
  dresden has it 's special place in history because the allies knew that there were no valid military targets in or near it when it was bombed . 
  after reading the first site i got the hell out . 
  calling those questions leading is an understatement . 
  groups ? 
  well at least you know you are a bigot , good for you . 
  yes , he would . 
  it 's 50 protesters for fucks sake , hardly a mass demonstration . 
  you , in the comment above mine . 
   countries have to indebt themself to buy the neccessary products how else do i have to interpret that sentence ? 
   if the problem is that other countries have to indebt themself to buy the necessary products , then raising the prices wo n't solve it . 
  what ? 
  greece is n't in debt because they bought cars for all their people . 
  whatever it is , it does n't end in `` k\u00fcmmernd '' , as you should know . 
  i know it 's hard for you down there to recognize wrong german sometimes . 
  edit : i would rather they stop using languages they ca n't speak . 
  really ? 
  i mean how hard can it be to at least get a simple phrase right ? 
  next on the list : the house of lords , driving on wrong side of the road , combining the national football teams of england , scotland and wales , the obsession with throwings leafs into hot water and then pouring milk over it , guy ritchie , madonna , birmingham , calling fries chips and chips crisps , mispronouncing worcester , ... 
  well , yeah . 
  that works best ( or even at all ) in winner-takes-all systems , so yes most europeans have never heard of it . 
  no , how about you explain your bigoted opinion to me , so that i can decide how much of an asshole you actually are . 
  what , had german haters annonymus no coffee today or why are you so grumpy ? 
  or is toytown not enough of a fix for you ? 
  i love how brits of all people always bring up the marshall plan without acknowledging that they got the biggest piece out of that particular pie . 
  as if it would have been just that , britain would reign surpreme in europe . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  exactly , absolute denial of the holocaust , not some wishy washy it probably was n't as bad as they say . 
  even then you need to go out of your way to publizise your opinion . 
  having a talk in a small setting and nobody gives a fuck , talking in front of a packed stadium and your ass is toast . 
  as a person who was born after wwii , i have exactly the same rights as everybody else to make fun of you morons . 
  no you would n't . 
  wow . 
  you people really are addicted to wwii . 
  mate you need help , come on let 's talk about it . 
  everything will be fine . 
  ups , thanks for telling me . 
  let 's get him drunk before the speach . 
  i 'm very curios what he will say in poland and i am now a little disappointed that he canceled his speach in germany . 
  that would have been another prime opportunity to step into it . 
  poor americans , i would n't vote for either of their choices . 
  germany is n't nk , nor is the rest of western europe . 
  at the height of the cold war germany had one of most modern armies in the world and the biggest standing army in western europe . 
  you seriously overestimate the technological prowess of the 80 's us . 
   the article was written for/by a european think tank . 
  plus , it 's pretty much fact europe was free-riding on american-provided security during the cold war and still continues to do so to some degree today . 
  west germany alone had a standing army of nearly 500,000 man in the 80 's . 
  it does n't matter who wrote it , that meme is bullshit . 
  i never said the cdu is n't to blame . 
  i really do n't think my comments are all that hard to understand . 
   you seem to be under the impression that overhang seats are unconstitutional per se no i 'm not . 
  what does it matter if there was a ruling or not , everybody knew it was fucked up . 
  my point is that every major party is to blame not just the now elected . 
  i have n't said that the cdu does n't profit from it nor that they are happy about changing it . 
  i just detest the way the discussion is going here . 
  fact is that every mayor party turned a blind eye to the shortcomings of the wahlrecht . 
  singeling out the cdu is again dishonest . 
  there were already discussions about it back then , making it look like the cdu is the only party which did n't do anything about it is dishonest . 
  the same voting system was of course perfect under schr\u00f6der . 
  bing ? 
  wow , those comments , unbelievable . 
  jup , especially for the german speaking countries , where job training is a hell of a lot more formal than in anglo-saxon countries . 
  also ba is n't worth the paper it is printed on and no mention of diplom . 
  that whole caucasian/hispanic/latino thing is n't really working in europe . 
  hmm , turns out danish is pretty easy to pronounce for a german . 
  apart from `` gade '' , which i would never have quessed . 
  40-50 % god lovers sounds about right for germany . 
  but many of those are `` yes i believe , but in a fuzzy god i made up myself . 
  '' , so not many church goers . 
  done . 
  oh come on , not every family is a happy one , were people share their life stories or even speak to another . 
  i do n't know anything about my grandparents either . 
  all hail the robin !, 
  hurray !, 
  comic sans ? 
  its library is pretty big and from what i can see there are no restrictions . 
  well , have fun then . 
  you 're probably right , quess i just made his day . 
   ( yes we do n't have spotify here ) . 
  i 'm confused , who is we ? 
  spotify works in germany and gema has no power outside of germany , so ? 
  that would be either the most ridiculous or the most brilliant movie ever . 
  a shame it was just an art installation . 
  they would need the votes of 2/3 of bundestag ( parliament ) and 2/3 of the bundesrat ( senat/upper house ) to change the grundgesetz ( constitution ) . 
  thx for the laugh . 
  the only impressions i have about wales are from the hugh grant movie and torchwood . 
  you suck at football , also our schnitzel are way better than yours . 
  til that there is indeed a stuttgart in arcansaw .
