  oh , you mean he was serious with his ( if he is a her i 'm very sorry ) unsubstantiated `` facts '' . 
  i smell a bit of an double standard here . 
  the only difference between me and him is the length of the post . 
  i 'm sure we can agree . 
  well that was easy . 
  you complain all the time and you do n't have to do anything . 
  complaining is n't the problem either , blaming us for your misery is . 
  show me a recent example of that one ? 
  obviously ... 
  i assumed most of our fellow redditors would get that fact on their own , without me explicitly mentioning it . 
  really not the appropriate subreddit for this . 
  and the population now living there are majorly transplants from the parts of poland russia annexed after the war . 
  but if that has any bearings at all is beyond me . 
  serves you right , you traitor !, 
  no schwarzbrot for you !, 
  yeah , so ? 
  and what exactly is the problem ? 
  i would ... want to . 
  but life . 
  that sport is way to complicated . 
  man , i loved watching those in the morning on weekends . 
  hey , leave peter alexander out of it , i loved his movies as a child . 
  i know they are cheesy but they are fun !, 
  eh , i still have most of my old ones . 
  so 4 to 1 here . 
  probably closer to 50 ... edit : i can only find information about one group of 16 , aged 15 . 
  i hope not , strikes are n't really uncommon , the procedure is heavily regulated here and always follows a pattern everyone involved is aware of , also lufthansa had it 's fair share of them in the past . 
  so i have hope that this has nothing to do with it . 
  but hopes and dreams ... 
  i hope not . 
  buuh !, 
  agree , but it 's karl der gro\u00dfe , silly hollander . 
  also biggest event in lufthansa history as far as i know and not a thing we in germany had to deal with in a long time . 
  i really do n't know what to wish for here , human error or technological failure ? 
  freak natural occurrence would be best but not very likely i guess . 
  and they are still a bank , they need customers and capital , refusing anyone on religious grounds in a majorly non-muslim nation would be economic suicide . 
  thank you . 
  it 's just such an odd behavior that my mind wants to find an answer , but yeah it 's better to wait for actual evidence . 
  maybe their instruments malfunctioned and they thought they had more altitude than they did ? 
  is that even possible nowadays ? 
  i can hardly stop you , only ask . 
  what you do with it is your prerogative . 
  can we wait with the blame game until there is actual data to be had ? 
  thank you . 
  i suppose a reboot means past is past , start fresh and all that good stuff . 
  it 's just a silly little joke from me , relax . 
  refusing would be against the law . 
  well , no more war debt , seems to be a good thing . 
  pish posh , all just funny german dialects . 
  also what is your excuse ? 
  me want more croques !, 
  oh holland , why do you do n't like us ? 
  come here , open up a frikandel restaurant !, 
  eh , shawarma is quite different to d\u00f6ner or gyros . 
  yeah , germany is heavily under represented if that were the case , it should be all red . 
  and i disagree ... 
  let 's hope , but i fear that this is just the effect of extensive anti-discrimination laws coupled with a very liberal judicial system . 
  we would give you money !, 
  it would also piss of the austrians and that has to be good . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm in my late 30s and by now i 'm just german , but i was born under honeckers rule . 
  edit : im to i 'm, 
  and then realize that your list only affected a small portion of the population at a time , and that disasters now and then are hardly comparable and not part of our discussion anyway . 
  and of course are smaller populations affected much harder by events than bigger diverse ones . 
  but wars back then were n't massive events . 
  in which they saw how much action exactly ? 
  most of those polled prefer the illusion of there oh so perfect memory gdr . 
  people always see the past in rosier colors , me i rather live on the streets than go back to that fucking system . 
  yeah , 19 year olds are way better . 
  shall we look for the approval ratings of the third reich in the fifties then ? 
  i suppose if you kept your head in the sand and said yes to everything the party told you you could have a real good life . 
  not that the gdr was n't practically bankrupt at the end there and only was able to provide those cushy lifes by begging west germany for money , no sir . 
  fucking paradies it was , those few murders at the wall do n't matter or the thousands of political prisoners , neither does the slave work they did for hard currency . 
  hell who cares about children taken from their homes because the regime did n't like their parents very much , no one . 
  because everyone had a job , if he wanted to or not , did n't even matter that the job did n't need another worker , two are always better than one !, 
  do the math . 
  yes , 13 year olds are always good judges of society . 
  we did ? 
  we could take them of your hands if they are to much trouble . 
  meaning you get your german passport soon ? 
  uh , they have ready access to military grade weaponry , i would be careful . 
  you racist . 
  how much money do you make per hour and how long would it take to exchange it ? 
  figure that out and you have your answer . 
  and that is how traditions get started . 
  where is a time machine if you need one ? 
  it 's okay the dutch taste similiar and are way closer to the water . 
  win , win , for us and the sharks . 
  edit : jikes , must remember no jokes in / r/europe, 
  yes , we love you too down there . 
  i 'd love to put 80s fischer together with 2015 fischer and watch what happens . 
  we should make that a thing , i quite like the sound of it . 
  that the past was especially violent is a myth , most people lived in peace for most of their lifes . 
   not particularly difficult , ... o.o, 
  and what if you always eat them ? 
  learn german if it is that important to you . 
  how about you factually prove that there is , should be easy for you . 
  why ? 
  `` war '', 
  hey , i did n't come up with it , ask that jesus guy what he thinks about ignoring his teachings .
