  but what do i care , i 'm neither christian nor muslim . 
  so much for turn the other cheek ... 
  shit hits the fan ... 
  you live in the uk , grey comes standard , sun costs extra . 
  removal of the scrotum should fix that issue for good . 
  i 'm very glad that i had to think about who that might be , means im in the process of forgetting that woman . 
  in terms of monetary value , im not talking about their services but those are mostly provided by the staff . 
  greece will hardly seize them ... 
  worth enough to risk being international ostracized , though ? 
  ca n't be more than 2 hundred million , if at all . 
  and the goethe institute is n't really worth anything either . 
  greece would be a pariah for decades to come and what actually is there to seize for them ? 
  are n't they part of our diplomatic mission ? 
  what assets would that actually be ? 
  what things of worth has germany stached in greece ? 
  they ca n't mean our diplomatic assets , that would begin an international shitstorm greece would regret almost immediately ? 
  what else ? 
  go after private persons ? 
  the lawsuits alone would bankrupt greece . 
  so what ? 
  bullshit , they have just as much trouble with this as we do , why do you think they need all those anti-discrimination laws ? 
  this notion of yours that we germans are somehow especially racist is just false . 
  i have n't said it is n't , i just said that this effect is not contained to germany or even worse here . 
  that is true for every country , we germans are n't some special racist snowflakes . 
  her grandfather was polish , does that count ? 
  or schr\u00f6der , he was divorced 3 times at the time of his chancellorship , 3 times is even in modern times very rare . 
  kohl was really , really fat ? 
  the gl\u00fchwein will be sold out in minutes !, 
  yes let 's call it teutonic order or something . 
  how exactly is that not strange ? 
  seems very strange to me to suck the russian dick if you are anti-imperialist . 
  fuck you , learn your history and do n't be a stupid cunt . 
  make that argument again in another 50 years but until then stfu . 
  mauertote ... and exchange partially with mostly . 
  so , you generally voting for murderers , kidnappers and extortionists or is it just because of this one issue ? 
  do n't you have other options ? 
  we have a dozen or so companies that deliver , from the actual supermarket around the corner to a solely internet based company . 
  ommmmmmmm, 
  you know we have feelings too . 
  they should have asked for road rage . 
  no , no , i 'm just supporting radaways fight against us evil germans . 
  oh no , you are right , it 's another german conspiracy . 
  fight the power friend , fight the power . 
  freedom to all animals who are oppressed by those goose stepping , eh fucking , carnivores . 
  i am so ashamed of myself ... 
  mocking something you do n't understand is the fucking definition of being bigoted . 
  and german is a rather easy language to learn compared to most others in the world , at least for other europeans . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  try an asian one or i do n't know russian . 
  apart from that , if you do n't agree that the bit about `` someone totally retarded writing in english '' is not being bigoted , you are dishonest . 
  ps : your example looks more like latin than anything else . 
  do n't do it , must be a german trap to keep you down . 
  are n't you both cute little bigots . 
  coochie coo , who wants to be a big douchebag , yes you do . 
  what had the eads merger with bae to do with the eu ? 
  it 's 6 . 
  if you want to troll at least get your facts straight . 
   even if you are a radical cdu voter ... holy cannabis smoking batman stop taking those drugs . 
  yes , they have even weirder eating habits than you guys . 
  aw-shucks , you sweet talker you . 
  hands off of our head , poor buggers just do n't know better , not their fault . 
  lets educate not ridicule . 
  well , the `` uniforms '' look very hj and bdm if i may say so . 
  the limes ran through bavaria too . 
  jup , makes sense . 
  now we will never know which germany is least funniest . 
  i had money on 4th . 
  i actually meant to write martians , dunno why i did n't . 
  well , you are more than welcome to that opinion , but i do n't think that this is a good road to travel . 
  slippery slope and all that ... 
  there is a difference between `` i think all marsians are thieving scumbags and subhumans ! '', 
  and `` kill all marsian subhumans or at least let them sit in the back of the bus ! '' . 
  one is an opinion which is protected by fos , the other is an `` incitement to discrimination , hostility or violence '' . 
  ps : happy cake day !, 
   and the indecisiveness on an immediate ban for racism . 
  freedom of speach , one may not like it but you are allowed to say what you think . 
  hey , how you doin ? 
  so , that is a yes then ? 
  there were germans in the towers and on the airplanes on 9/11 . 
  then it would n't be a whole day to spare anymore , now would it ? 
  bullshit , there is more than enough time to buy your food in the rest of the week . 
  where the fuck are you living ? 
  the 1950 's ? 
  so you are only entertained when you can buy something ? 
  sry , no , i like my sundays and i do n't give a shit about god . 
  not as black and white as you make it sound . 
  you people realise that we have 3 of those , right ? 
  german engineering is a very powerful thing , with its help you people may even win a penalty shoot-out . 
  belarus ? 
  poor delusional friend , there , there , all will be fine , just take these pills here . 
  the db ( germany ) has just updated their schedule 2 or 3 days ago . 
  so i imagine spains will follow in the next days to weeks . 
  yes , endemol ruined our lives too . 
  at least we 'll have something to laugh about . 
  yeah i did n't like the whole thing either . 
  [ yeah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvfbk9ghs5q ) , well at least you know what 's going on . 
  germans and french are the baddies who keep you heroic badasses down by forcing you to vote for only those politicians who keep your countries at the bottom of the dunghill . 
  and every attempt to unite europe into a truly fair , prosperous and liberal utopia is of course torpedoed by there henchmen and also let 's not forget the monthly rape of babies . 
  again , she did n't resign from anything , she just did n't stay longer after her competitions were done . 
  that did not happen .
