  edit : yeah i 'm not changing this , that is freaking funny, 
  it 's funny how you demand in depth criticism from me while you yourself have nothing better to say then blah , blah , blah , media bad , blah , blah , media all against poor pirates . 
  are you denying that the german pirate party has sabotaged itself from the very moment of inception . 
  with childish , misogynic and just plain stupid adoption of other political ideas . 
  you 'll only get a pension once you old enough to actually retire , or am i wrong ? 
  seeing as saxony is doing fine , it kinda did . 
  right the media , no way they themselves bear any responsibility . 
  aha , nice try , but hit and miss . 
  in what way is the cdu failing ? 
  because he has some issues with us apparently . 
  god you people are morons , if merkel really were as spineless as you say , she would be your hero for doing everything you people want from her . 
  the only cunt here is you . 
  yes how dare we let our ex leaders have an opinion . 
  now shut up and go back to your austerity battle stations or whatever ... 
  only because there is nowhere far away from water in their cursed lands . 
  cursed be thy firstbornes thou vile foe , remember italy !, 
  i 'm talking about the ease and self-righteous attitude to violence the left in germany seems to have and that austria may have joined that particular club . 
  oh please , as if you do n't want us to . 
  it 's called tunneling , the water must flow ... 
  undermining those selfsame mountains , one day soon we will be ready and you will be wet to the quills . 
  no i want the city to drown but the gays and their parades are standing in the way of it . 
  come on people work with me here , it 's called a joke . 
  only the crowd on reddit , you should n't take them too seriously . 
  fucking gays , if there is a city that needs a good drowning ... 
  what , you are so afraid of it you hide behind mountains of dirt , just so you do n't need to see it . 
  welcome to leftist utopia then , where everything is allowed as long as you scream nazis raus . 
  w00t ? 
  prussia will be an island and will rule the baltic !, 
  have you seen the state she is in , talk about a fixer upper , who would want to . 
  worth it if we get rid of the dutch . 
  says the pds guy, 
  right , no foreigners here before . 
  thank the fsm that the aussies can take care of there own business . 
  they are really not . 
  because they could be governed from berlin , duh . 
  germany 's wage costs are higher than most anywhere else in europe your comment is just nonsense . 
  i think we have enough homegrown social-workers , we do n't need to import them . 
  i also do n't see how she is better at this job than a local . 
  at least they recognize quality when they see it . 
  how good a job can she do if she is n't even aware of the most basic facts regarding her own visa ? 
  the visa she holds has certain restrictions , one of those is money earned in a year . 
  she does n't earn enough so she is in violation of her visa , which she should have known from the get go . 
  i mean it is her fucking job to know stuff like that . 
  i think we get enough hitler as it is , no need to import this bull too . 
  but you do eat little birds and play with their skulls , do n't you ? 
  self-righteous people tend to not agree with each other , they are still the same . 
  and ? 
  the big dildo is already oiled , do not test me ... 
  german is n't ... 
  or you could , i do n't know , do both ? 
  your very first response to me , that is what from the beginning means . 
  thank god , people like you know exactly what to teach the uneducated masses and what better not , right ? 
  canada has a lot of territory but that alone does n't do much for their gdp . 
  we have places 8 and 9 , we win in the combination trials . 
  relatively maybe but no , no they are n't . 
  ok attention everyone , i really would love for you to not use perfectly fine german words in an attempt to make your title sound scarier , thank you and have a nice day . 
  sorry , but all psychological trials and tests show that once people have made up their mind , right or wrong , they generally do not change it again even in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary . 
  also people have to actually care about a theme to discuss it , i do n't know about you but most political discussions are not that interesting to me . 
  right , their bombers are outdated and we have actual working anti-aircraft capabilities . 
  not even the americans would have it easy bombing targets in german airspace . 
  also we have a lot of tanks in deep storage , a lot . 
  and russia 's military is underpaid , overstaffed and in serious need of better equipment . 
  they are not a threat . 
  also again our production capabilities are a lot higher than theirs , that is what i meant with outproducing . 
  you were the one who was disrespectful from the beginning , that 's why i called you an ass and btw you still are . 
  instead of making an actual argument that favors your point you behave like a child . 
  but somehow i 'm the one who is not interested in an discussion ? 
  so is a lot of mis-education but hey you 're being an ass , so you must be right i quess . 
  i hope you are aware that we could outproduce russia without problems . 
  and population wise : germany and france have around 30 mil more citizens . 
  russia is n't a threat to us , period . 
  bullshit , most information is only a short google search away . 
  people in general are morons and do n't care about `` the truth '' . 
  because we are technologically , economically superior to russia , plus all they have is outdated equipment . 
  actually the french do have atomic bombs , but we are talking about conservative warfare anyway . 
  sorry , but i do n't see how russia could actually win against just one of us , granted an absolut surprise attack tomorrow morning would do it , but apart from that , no way in hell . 
  funny most racists i see here are voting left . 
  it 's about the nsa affair . 
  first we 'll have the ` fuck that is large ' and the ` dear god where does it end ? ', 
  telescopes . 
  what the everloving fuck are you two talking about ? 
  what isolationism ? 
  germany is part of nato , the eu , the un and is exporting the crap out of it 's products to every corner of the world . 
  seriously ? 
  yeah it 's ridiculous , i argued the point before that mbt 's are the worst thing you can buy if you wan na keep your population in check but ... 
  that he is n't a fan and therefore everybody else is n't either , r/de logic in it 's purest form . 
  using tanks to execute people is a bit much ... talk about overkill and all that . 
  holy steam engine batman , you do realize that you moan on a very high level here . 
  the rail system is a highly complex system that is of course prone to delays , and that wo n't change as long as humans are involved . 
  it 's only 5 min for the love of ... also accidents happen that is life . 
  someone having a heart attack on a train to berlin can mean that your train from augsburg is going to run late . 
  a mayor delay every now and then is going to happen and you 'll have to life with that , shit happens ... especially in very complex systems . 
  nothing to do with nazis or wwii at all . 
  must be a news article from the 50 's , i 'm sure . 
  [ what could go wrong ? 
  ] ( http://prorev.com/reagansmoking.jpg ), 
  he sounds like an asshole . 
  and i was just asking how it is going with tyrols own small language problem ? 
  it was n't meant malicious . 
  how is it going down there in tyrol anyway ?
