  the anglosphere without uk and the us has what , 60 mil ? 
  with the us it would be 410 mil . 
  see the humongous difference here ? 
  edit : sorry just realized my mistake , please ignore all my comments . 
  if russia would join now and if the eu would implement a voting system only based on population , russia still would n't have even 30 % of the votes . 
  they would always need other countries to vote with them . 
  germany ca n't dictate policy alone and neither would russia . 
  well , russia was seen as one of us culturally . 
  and for a few years they seemed to be on their way to become a true partner and not an antagonist . 
  right , poor georgia . 
  yeah ? 
  building good relationships is done by linking their economy to ours , that includes the military industry . 
  it just did n't work out in russia 's case . 
  because they wanted to bind russia to the west . 
  which others pointed out already was already done more or less in february . 
  but do go ahead keep insulting her . 
  no , but there are probably more german speakers with access to the internet . 
  no that is your problem , leave the rest of us out of your neurosis . 
  only if they make money with their blog . 
  nobody gives a fuck about you stupid diary . 
  which is actually not true , german law = `` everything is allowed that is n't explicitly forbidden '', 
  what for ? 
  last i checked the nsa was an american agency . 
  it 's nothing at all like that , wikipedia 's index still works . 
  do it all the time nobody gives a crap . 
  you have n't met many american ` expats ' yet . 
  sorry does n't work , we lost and your things moved on to russia , the uk , france and the the us . 
  in a region without proper hygiene standards . 
  just because you keep following the rules does n't mean all the others do . 
  why ? 
  no you are pathetic . 
  merkel did n't vote your politicians into power , your people did that themselves . 
  neither does merkel have any particular love for the ` right-wingers ' they are just the smaller evil . 
  u/jazzymany is right you are looking for a scapegoat and apparently it 's everybody but your own society . 
  pathetic ... 
  that 's the thing , we germans do n't really want to leave our country , we kinda like it here . 
  and people believe what they want , regardless of actual police findings . 
  but point is , there is a difference between a german with actual historic ties to germany and a german that has only ` shallow ' ties to this country . 
  it 's important to point out that his crime was n't done because of undercurrents in german society , but his cultural ties to his family 's old place of living . 
  now if his family would have already lived here for a 100 years i would agree with you it would n't be important . 
  but anyway , in this case it 's academic anyway ... 
  maybe you are off your meds ? 
  it 's not about the crisis , it 's about the common market and everyone benefited by it . 
  eh i branded myself with age 7 . 
  we had a gas heater in the bathroom and it had a metal plate with the company name on it which could get very hot . 
  so one day i was n't paying attention , stumbled and rammed my right shoulder into the fucking plate , ran around as living advertisement for a few years . 
  point is , children are morons . 
  that looks like a background for hearts of iron : modern days . 
  i 'm curious , let 's say your whole extended family would live in a big house and one day a perfect stranger would show up with nothing to his name but his pants . 
  you being moderately good people would let him stay with you and even get him work . 
  all is fine until one day he goes and firebombs the village church because of some shit in his past . 
  now the whole village is talking about your family as if you are all complicit in his crime , they even bring up bad stuff your ancestor did and how nothing has changed in your family , you are just as bad as they were . 
  how would you react ? 
  now i know the analogy is n't perfect but still , curious . 
  ethnicity is a bit more than just genetics , culture too is a big part of it , if not the most important one . 
  if your american could actually speak german fluently and would have at least rudimentary knowledge of german culture then yes i would consider him an ethnic german and an american . 
  if however his only claim to being german is his family history and watching the sound of music every year , than no he is n't a german . 
  german language ... 
  primary education needs to be accessible to everyone in his her mother tongue . 
  you 'll never be as good with a secondary language as you are with your own . 
  there are studies out there that show that second language speakers have a big handicap in higher education . 
  there is a difference between having a working knowledge of english and being forced to become fluent in it or do n't get an education . 
  it was a brilliant idea at the time and worked like a charm . 
  what happened 30 years later nobody could have predicted . 
  word, 
  we are one . 
  eh , der spiegel always had an affinity to extreme covers . 
  sry but that is n't an argument . 
  na , people like to forget that western germany was already quite troubled back in the 80 's . 
  where ? 
  ok , forget about it . 
  we are just not hiding it . 
  yeah german taxpayers , who ca n't get an education in their own country without being fluent in another language , this is fucked up . 
  exterminated ? 
  wtf , i know some of you polish have a hard on for us being the bad guys but that is just ridiculous . 
  they were assimilated , in fact there were a lot of important prussians who could trace their lineage back to them . 
  ever heard of noise complaints ? 
  there are a lot of airports that ca n't work at capacity because of noise issues with the neighbours . 
  if they would have forced the over land route they would have needed to destroy bridges , houses and a lot of greenery . 
  nimbys, 
  beating them 7-1 and then make them publicly apologize to poor rudi , bastards . 
  it is a conspiratard blog . 
  jail or not is another issue we probably would end up agreeing on , but he is n't in jail and as a free and technical innocent man he can do what he wants . 
  sorry a bit , a little bit , an itty bitty late , but you should know that most of berlin was n't part of east germany . 
  i mean it was n't that long ago . 
  so what ? 
  he is n't allowed to go out anymore ? 
  what exactly is wtf about this ? 
  exactly my point . 
  who is keeping an eye on you ? 
  ya might get all empire-ry again and starve a few million brown people . 
  eh , you should see the russian one . 
  edit : seriously , compared to the russian one the us embassy is outright inviting . 
  yes welcome to germany , where it 's press is stuck in the same news cycle for the last 2 decades . 
  meanwhile its populace has long since moved on . 
  mormons are already here , drinking and partying it up , do n't see why we ca n't fit in a few redneck baptists too . 
  not many turks living in eastern germany , that whole turkish immigration business was over and done with long before reunification . 
  that is only half true , while indeed the church itself did n't have to fear anything from the gdr regime , its member had a harder life . 
  thought so , like i said she is not an important figure in german politics , her career is done now anyway . 
  ah you are one of them ... never mind then .
