  well , then , thx for explaining . 
  is n't that confusing ? 
  nope , i got a list of random words i had to translate . 
  but i got the feeling that i made some minor errors or they counted gro\u00dfschreibung as error , because i 'm sure i got more than 21 right . 
  : yours i would have tanked too . 
  `` noch '' in german then ? 
  i tried to stay faithful to your text but your question at the end just does n't work like that in german . 
  really , i got 21/50 . 
  yeah , i call bullshit on that , no way in hell are you able to speak english better than us . 
  you ca n't even speak proper german , i say it again , no way in hell !, 
   germany is directly and aggressively making the rest of the eurozone countries poorer by the day ... how exactly is germany doing that ? 
  yeah good idea , more unemployement is always a good solution for less exporting . 
  excuse you , hallo spencer was the shit !, 
  not as good as die maus but still . 
  the us , in snowdens case , has already taken the death penalty of the table . 
  but yes germany does n't extradite people that are in danger of being put to death . 
  they only need to employ you , you would have known what 's up from the get go , right ? 
  yeah , i do n't really hate on qi , it 's a funny show and searching youtube should bring up a lot of results for genial daneben . 
  here is how it works every time : mildly interesting question on the topic , followed by a joke everyone else already heard a hundred times and than the answer to that question + maybe another laugh . 
  in genial daneben the folks had to fucking work to get the answers and came up with some hillarious explanations in the meantime and no , most of them were n't dick jokes . 
  i stand by my statement , genial daneben was the superior show . 
  oh please , genial daneben was way better . 
  go get some [ wood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucvzlxkkqlvvqzrjxhagq42q ) ... 
  that is one big baby bel you have there . 
  business people donating money to a pro-business party !, 
  who would have seen that coming ? 
  how dare they !, 
  i know he did n't want to , but he still did . 
  that is nice for you but was n't the question . 
  probably a combination of confirmation bias , selective memory and a very tiny test group ( i.e. 
  friends ) . 
  also 25 % is 1 in 4 people, 
  only in your former colonies . 
  you mean thankfully the politicians do n't pander to the nimby crowd , because if they would nothing ever would be build anymore . 
  shit , did n't see the text beneath the question , well fuck . 
  you off invading india again ? 
  nope , pretty much openly all the time . 
  what ? 
  nobody mentioned [ faxe ] ( http://www.bierclub.net/bilder_bier/1031_2005-12-15_faxe_premium.jpg ) yet ? 
  brrrr ... 
  but how will bones catch the killer next week ? 
  yes that only leads to austrians crashing the party and ruining the mood . 
  hey now , the olympics are kinda ok-ish too . 
  meh , i like the one with the flag waving better . 
  according to some you already do anyways . 
   they are just telling you their social class . 
  all joking aside , i would n't count on that . 
  the swiss are weird and we do n't do that . 
  more beer !, 
  see !, 
  evil i 'll tell you !, 
  well it is n't beer but me thinks port is acceptable . 
  next step , breakfast beer . 
  thems are fighting words , i demand satisfaction !, 
  i 'll try my very best not to . 
  just hop over the border and look at ours . 
  oh you poor delusional creature , do not worry we will cure you of your illusions . 
  now for this to work you have to be strong and be steady , you 'll have to drink the golden liquid known as beer three times a day for a month . 
  this should cure your evil desire for tea . 
  oh come on , you know you want it , all those tv shows , the newspaper articles , just give in , psht , let it happen ... 
  we never liked the french !, 
  stand tall brother , once we are done converting those heathens we will focus all our energy on you !, 
  preliminary eta is april 2041 . 
  the first time did n't take ... 
  [ just say no to the evils of tea and learn what the real world has to offer !, 
  ] ( https://farm1.staticflickr.com/90/240509696_b690e0e14e.jpg ), 
  [ woot ? 
  now , now , blaming other less fortunate is not solving the problem , stand up and fight for what is right !, 
  down with the tea tyrannie !, 
  i agree , let 's show those brits the shinning light of social progress !, 
  you are lying to yourself , friend . 
  say no to the tyrannie of earl grey and yes to the healthy , vitamin rich and loving embrace of sauerkraut !, 
  seriously now , that tea nonsense has to stop . 
  what babarians thought that putting rotten leaves in hot water would be a good idea ? 
  but only the british could make it even worse by putting in milk too . 
  you people are a plague to the culinary world . 
  and now this !, 
  do you realise how many power plants we could close if you just would stop with this infuriating nonsense - thousands !, 
  edit : look at all the teaists trying to silence me !, 
  good people of / r/europe do n't let them win !, 
  but seriously , who let the grumpy ones stay up so late ? 
   the left wing actually got more votes than the right wing . 
  but we consider it a victory for the right-wing-leaning politicians because they have a unified front . 
  that is not true , the two other `` right wing parties '' , fdp and afd , got around 4,7 % each but did n't make it into the parliament ( 5 % clause ) . 
  that means that the right got over 50 % of the votes , cdu 41,5 % + fdp 4,8 % + afd 4,7 % = 51 % . 
  go ahead , but i do n't want too , i do n't enjoy wasting my time with cooking food . 
  let me decide what i want to eat and i will do the same for you , without judgement btw . 
  a lot of muslims circumcize their children around the age of 7 . 
  that is the one i hear more often and i agree with '' , warum reden wir \u00fcber den ganzen m\u00fcll noch ? '', 
  i am done with that shit . 
  edit : but my favorite is `` das ist ja so typisch deutsch ! '', 
  when it clearly is n't ,, 
  there are a lot of older working age people in germany that never really learned english or have forgotten everything they learned . 
  really only the under 40 crowd is in generell somewhat comfortable with it . 
  maybe fixing them would be a good start . 
  saudi arabia is hardly going to start a war and neither are tanks a very useful tool to combat political dissent . 
  tanks make good barricades but for crowd control you would want boots on the ground . 
  das m\u00e4dchen is the diminutive of die magd ( maid ) and because all diminutives are neutral the girl is too . 
  * cough * you wish * cough *, 
  fucking - ing form , also has been , have had .
