  if they do n't have the will or the balls to call themselves german , then it does n't matter what others call them . 
  you are what you think you are and not what others call you . 
  apparently they are turks . 
  hear what ? 
  he has gone off on a tangent that has nothing to do with the article or y comment . 
  you do n't seem to put to much importance in being a german ? 
  if you think you are n't a product of your nations idiosyncrasies , you are a fool . 
  and i shape my country with every breath i take , my contribution might be minuscule but it is there . 
  i 'm just pointing out the ridiculousness of the article , it seems people either did n't read it or ca n't recognise satire . 
  to answer your questions , families were never supposed to come here , workers were supposed to leave after a year or two . 
  what jobs they worked does n't matter , because they a ) got paid and b ) were jobless back home . 
  but i really do n't care , i 'm neither happy nor sad you parents came . 
  i really do n't give a flying fuck . 
  i just hate that assumption that we owe anything to you . 
  that we have to make a big grand statement , this country allowed your parents and grandparents a life that would n't have been possible at their home . 
  but nobody has answered the real question yet , why should i accept you as german , if you ca n't do it yourself ? 
  i 'm not talking about people born in germany , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  also my point stands why should i accept anyone as german who does n't think of himself as german ? 
  the burden of acceptance is always on the emigrated , i do n't see why german turks are somehow special snowflakes . 
  greeks do n't die because of german decisions , greeks die because of greek fuck ups . 
  agree , with prussia as it 's main ruling house of course . 
  pressed ? 
  or lobbied , that is the question . 
  that goes both ways , if you do n't think you are german why should i ? 
  also do we get a thank you for letting you stay here , after all the contract was you come here , work here for a few years , get paid and then you leave again . 
  it 's ok when others suffer , as long as it is n't the greeks themselves , got it , solid world view there . 
  why ? 
  you are the one who lived the high life with borrowed money , why should they suffer ? 
  shows what you know . 
  how is it not true , if it is true , brain hurts . 
  the marshall plan was at least considering it 's amounts a joke . 
  a drop of water in an ocean of rubble . 
  your young men are hardly responsible for it either , seeing as the rest of the male population was either dead , maimed in one way or the other , or still not back again . 
  the general upswing was of course a factor , but here is the chicken and egg problem again , would the same have happened without germany and to what degree . 
  i also am very much aware of the hypocrisies the us exhibited at the end of the war . 
  you should take a good look at argentina 's history if you think that is a good idea . 
  or ours , just for kicks . 
  that you think that greeks are entirely blameless and it 's all the banks fault , especially of course the evil german ones is painfully clear to me . 
  had nothing to do with failed economic policies , no sir , if i life beyond my means it 's the fault of the merchants who sell me stuff . 
  you eat at the wrong d\u00f6ner dealer . 
  nope , marshall plan was n't much help , germany did get even less than the rest of europe . 
  wirtschaftswunder had a lot more to do with the politics of ludwig erhard . 
  nowadays , they always found reasons to ignore this rule . 
  true , just saying , just because it swims , quacks and looks like a duck does n't mean it is n't a baby swan . 
  no i do n't , greece was , is and will be run , at least as far as can see in the future , by it 's own politicians , which were elected by greeks , not germans , french , italians or brits . 
  it 's problems are entirely homegrown , in fact without the eu it would be worse . 
  we just did that , did you sleep through it . 
  well there are a lot of people who have stuff like that , most of them not nazis . 
  i think greek mismanagement had the bigger influence before and after 2008 . 
  your eu is bad and should feel bad is way down the list when it comes to greece . 
  since when ? 
  oh please , just because one cunt species him does n't mean the whole subreddit is racist . 
  this whining is getting annoying . 
  belgium who else ? 
  `` boys would you be so kind and take grandma to the table while i 'll deal with this man here . '', 
  his german is probably a lot better than her russian . 
  serfs were born , lived and died on the same stretch of land . 
  they could n't read , nor write , or had any learning . 
  do you see how incredible stupid your comparison is , or shall i go on ? 
  that is one of his reasons , but not necessarily mine . 
  he talks about the far left and not leftists in general . 
  and what they want is to dictate life . 
  you have met people before , have n't you ? 
  how anyone can think this would actually work beyond the paper stages is beyond me . 
  best outcome if implemented , the nimby crowd rules supreme and nothing will ever be done , after that chaos and well ... 
  worst outcome , 5 min after implementation the system will slowly but surely move into an authoritarian direction . 
  not not just for the visa issue , jeez . 
  we agree then ? 
  in a free and democratic country people care , not all mind you , there are a lot who just do n't give a fuck . 
  in a not so free and slightly less democratic country , people are either afraid , apathetic or part of the problem . 
  ai n't that the truth , in some ways obama is even worse than bush . 
  dead people have rights too , ya know . 
  these societies are n't socialists though . 
  and now you know why socialism will never work . 
  personally , i lost all ` political ' good will with the clinton sex affair nonsense and never really regained it . 
  after clinton came bush and the whole old europe idiocy and now obama and his refusal to deal with us as allies and not as dependents . 
  the nsa thing is just icing on the cake . 
  one can only hope ... 
  let 's wait and see , shall we ? 
  funnily enough , his comedy sounds a lot like that of j\u00fcrgen von der lippe . 
  who puts milk into their hot leaf juice ? 
  barbarians !, 
  you are even worse than the austrians and their stupid wiener melange . 
  the only people i hate more than you are the dutch , and the swiss , and the luxembourgers , and the liechtensteiner , but right after them there you are on my hate list . 
  well maybe not hate , it 's such a strong word , maybe mildly infuriating , yes that 's better . 
  nope , it 's bieber . 
  of course it is , let nobody else tell you different . 
  there , there ... 
  stability . 
  well , also riksdag under others and bundestag under diet . 
  my argument is that whoever ends up doing the job might not be favorable inclined to us if we throw our support behind someone else , even if that one wins she might make enemies . 
  that is not the issue , she has as much business supporting a candidate in brussels now as she has supporting one in the us . 
  she has to work with whoever ends up with the job , supporting someone now can end up being harmful to us later , it 's called politics . 
  why should she commit to any of them , what good would it do to her ? 
  she is doing what is right for germany by not playing favorites , this merkel does n't do anything meme is getting more stupid by the minute . 
  brits are germanic too . 
  more like germanic than anything else . 
  of course it is , how else is lorraine to connect to the heimat . 
  atlantic to ural is even smoother . 
  i like to think we have advanced beyond that state , surely with modern technical we could anaheim at least 200 mil .
