  he wanted to annex a big part of eastern europe but never the fucking whole of it . 
  before the end of the cold war germany had the largest standing army in europe . 
  so your comment makes no sense whatsoever . 
  why should n't you , it 's good music . 
  a blue tit with bull horns and lion claws would be cool . 
  those must be some very drunk gods . 
  i do n't know , lacks some wings . 
  we know him . 
  try to explain your 3 year old the story behind this one . 
  `` and then he raped her , the end . '', 
  do n't worry we like white wine too , but that port wine stuff is just nasty . 
  huh , liverpool ? 
  does n't wales end just shy of chester ? 
  the russians got thirsty again . 
  and where do we start our rockets from ? 
  the only problem britain has with eu subsidies is that they do n't get enough . 
  sorry but the `` amid euro crisis '' part is the problem not `` fete '' . 
  and using the local as title source does n't really endear it to me . 
   france , germany celebrate 50 years of reconciliation that is the original title of the article you linked to and that is why i asked . 
  that 's not really what i was going for . 
  his title makes it sound as if germany and france were assholes for `` celebrating '' . 
  just ignore the haters . 
  what 's with the shitty title op ? 
  bad football players ? 
  you llamas are doing to much drugs again . 
  says the russian . 
  belarus ? 
  rocchetta is the original italian version , so roccetus ? 
  wo n't work , your people are a bit wibbly wobbly , now austrians on the other hand are definitely stackable . 
  that she is `` procrastinating '' is just as inane , just because she does n't run around anouncing new policies every week does n't make her lazy . 
  enzensberger of course , what a fucking douchebag . 
  it 's getting really annoying around here . 
  maybe we should start posting cruel things `` germans '' do to each other . 
  you are a moron . 
  i 've given up on / r/europe and / r/de a long time ago when it comes to open and honest discourse . 
  and by the way if you say something like steinbr\u00fcck is a do-er , you invite such comments with open arms . 
  that is n't political discoures , this is `` my papa is stronger than yours '' kindergarten argumentation . 
  variety 's the very spice of life, 
  foreigner attacked in germany + islam = orgasm, 
  oh come on , it would be awesome , fun marches in the street , fireworks every day , what 's not to love ? 
  you would be part of a good football nation again , what is there to think about ? 
  i choose german - because many of them had a german parent . 
  that 's like a crazy person saying `` it 's not me , it 's all the others ! '', 
  that 's like a crazy person saying `` it 's not me , it 's all the others ! '', 
  we already got a whole bunch of them in the 60 's and they are more or less integrated . 
  i had a german-italian girlfriend and there were a lot of german-portugese , german-spanish and german-greek students in my class way back in my school days . 
  in this case frisians , insulting the lamas however is no laughing matter . 
  pfft , [ potato wedges ] ( http://www.schne-frost.de/__we_thumbs__/908_14_2427-potatowedges.jpg ) with [ remoulade ] ( http://reddit.com ) , now that is heaven . 
  not really a thing , most pizza places have special offers each month . 
  like [ here ] ( https://pizza.de/joeys-pizza-hamburg-saseler-chaussee-164?lgs=96971 ) and [ here ] ( https://pizza.de/call-a-pizza-hamburg-fuhlsbuettler-passage-3?lgs=96971 ) . 
  also do n't knock them if you have n't tried them . 
  you know all those jokes about your people - totally warranted . 
  that is the whole reason for it to exist you babarian !, 
  man my compatriots must be sleeping , but if you wait a few minutes i think i can find a few to chant . 
   it will be no surprise to anyone that having led the pack to destruction the germans will blame the pack for following them . 
  ...  and no one hangs the debt crisis on german fiscal laxity between 2003 - 2006 . 
   that was n't he straw that broke the camels back . 
   it was just one of many sacks heaped upon the camel by the germans . 
  you did and how exactly did greece suffer in 2003-6 ? 
   another was the growth of german government debt from 67.6 % of gdp in 2007 to 80.5 % of gdp in 2012 , in absolute contravention of germany 's commitments . 
  did you sleep through 2008 ? 
   no one except the germans could expect anyone to take a broad view , reasonable approach to the conduct of one 's affairs in the face of such awful double standards from the leader of the pack . 
  it may be my lacking english skill but i have no idea what you want to say . 
  to make one thing abundantly clear , despite all the screaming going on here or in certain parts of the press , germany is not the master of the eu or the eurozone . 
  germany may be leader of the pack but there are many more countries who endorse these policies . 
  and neither is germany forcing anthing on anyone , if you are not happy with the politics of your home country then vote differently next time around . 
  but make sure you can live with the consequences . 
  also hanging the debt crises on these 3 years between 2003-6 is either very naive or very dishonest . 
  you were talking about printing money and that is the business of the bundesbank . 
  also the crisis is n't about greece , portugal or italy running a deficit higher than 3 % , for which germany got punished . 
  60 years of bundesbank disagree with you . 
  blah , blah , blah ... 
  she said multiculturalism like we do it has failed you twat . 
  do n't mention ... , ah forget it, 
  that reads like something out of jane goodall book . 
  well now that they are lit up 24/7 i feel we could do better . 
  the same here in germany , not much feelings either way . 
  this situation is kinda weird if you think about it . 
  a sleeper !, 
  now , now , some 300 + years max . 
  and i would n't say `` rule '' is the right word either . 
  funny , we think the same of you , the weird liitle cousin who is running around in wooden shoes all day . 
  but our idiot brothers have either an unhealthy obsession with coffee or chokolate . 
  also both like mountains very much . 
  yes but the word itself is no more `` wrong '' than `` christianity '' or `` buddhism '' . 
  why should n't it ? 
  that is a principle no one has ever heard of before . 
  part of the eastern block is the reason here . 
  because it 's a meme that was spread over a millennium through the world , first by the church and rulers of the world because jews were an excellent scape goat for all matter of things and a good cash cow thanks to the restrictions they had to live under . 
  they could only do jobs that everyone else thought dirty , money lender , physician , merchant , etc. , that meant they had always cash that could be confiscated and that they stay the hated foe . 
  and now that whole jew hate-y thing is ingrained in western and middle-eastern culture and because of it 's centuries of history it will take a long , long time to die out . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  greek sovereignty is n't under threat just because one man gave his opinion . 
  it is regulated , a few placards are n't pushing anything and kids are n't allowed to buy cigarettes , are you drunk ? 
  excuse me ? 
  who are you ? 
  the nations father ? 
  am i gon na get my tvs rights taken away if i smoke too much in your opinion ? 
  edit : kids have parents though .
