  on the bright side , the war should n't take very long , maybe an extended weekend or so . 
  you sure you want to make it even easier for the brits to come to your island ? 
  split nrw , fuse rheinland with saarland , fuse bremen and hamburg with schleswig-holstein , fuse berlin with brandenburg , kick out bayern and sachsen = problem solved, 
  what for , it 's still third germany that is the least funniest . 
  all those lords and ladies need something to occupy their time with . 
  yeah , well , the stakes are kinda high , even if it is a very low probability . 
  i also suspect that they will learn quite a bit more than just how to kick an asteroid out of his trajectory with this exercise . 
  yeah , alright , sure , whatever you say . 
  should you ever be in a position if power i 'm sure they will remember . 
  tried , did n't let us in . 
  austerity was n't meant to kick start growth in those countries , it was supposed to buy time so that the mentioned countries could implement far reaching reforms , which in turn would enable growth to happen . 
  guess what greece 's government did not do in all those years . 
  uh hu , or maybe the cgr and the cfa are symptoms of the same issue , the need for structural reforms . 
  which most of the countries on the lower left side implemented and are now moving , in some cases very fast , to the upper right quadrant . 
  yes the taxpayers would still have to put up money . 
  difference is , we would be done by now . 
  difference is , we would n't be morally blackmailed and insulted every time the greek politicians try to mark their territory . 
  and it is essentially free money , because however hard you think those terms are , they are nothing compared to what the greeks would have to live through without the help of the rest of europe . 
  and to make something perfectly clear , that the greek economy is in shambles has nothing to do with austerity and everything to do with the mismanagement of ruling governments in greece . 
  saying no thank you was always an option . 
  right , having a nice calm and non-threathening neighborhood had absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  bullshit , they have never been to the netherlands , a bunch suicidal maniacs those dutchies . 
  all i did was sleeping on the bed sheets we would later give out to the newbies . 
  oh and play with all the weapons in the weapons chamber too . 
  also smoking like a steamboat that runs on wet coal . 
  why every bundesland needs it 's own classical music station is beyond my imagination . 
  iraq is n't really citizens rebelling against a corrupt government . 
  if that were true the fighting would have been over long ago . 
  no it 's majorly outside forces trying to make military action to expensive for the western powers to continue . 
  no i stand by my words , a homegrown militia in the us would have a snowballs chance in hell to hurt those in power . 
  the best they can hope to achieve is holding some remote wilderness in the rockies , like those communist militias in south america . 
  no , i refuse !, 
  i 'm in it for the butthurt !, 
  yes , yes , you did , here have your upvote and now shut up already . 
  brits are the biggest group on here , i would n't read to much into that fact alone . 
  but granted the title is daft and the answer is of course they still do . 
  i 'm always perplexed by that thinking , what exactly do they think they can achieve with their little rifles ? 
  you have a gun ? 
  great , i have a tank and could use the practice . 
  that is how it works here , 200 $ a year for rage inducing boredom . 
  there are a few here and there , like the thousand monkeys with their thousand typewriters , there is bound to be something produced that is actually watchable . 
  but i firmly believe that those are happy accidents and there was no thought involved whatsoever . 
  your first example is bollocks and you know it , death camps situated in poland is its meaning in most of the civilized world . 
  the tv show you probably do n't even have watched and erika steinbach was a representative to those millions of germans that got driven out of their homes by the russians , that you do n't like her is your problem and not ours . 
  she had never much cloud in germany and most people here would n't even know her , if your tabloids had n't done such a good job promoting her . 
  ha , they have played the nice guy because they could and it suited them . 
  make no mistake if they were in our position you would bitch about them too . 
  also curious , how many loan sharks do you know that forgive debt and let themselves be constantly talked into even better and better conditions for the indebted ? 
  morons , what do they know ? 
  they are on reddit the whole day !, 
  naturally ... 
  what a tool . 
  i personally would rather call it a prolonged military exercise but yeah . 
  they would be clearer if only you had bothered to learn german as poor old bismarck wanted you too . 
  see , closed the loop . 
  thinking like that is certainly your prerogative and judging you for it is mine . 
  you know life is strange and humans are complex , we all can be more than one thing at a time . 
  you doing a piss poor job then , i just recently found some cultures on my toilet seat . 
  am not happy , want refund !, 
  well , it 's the constant nazi analogies that make me feel german , so i know where you 're coming from . 
  you do n't think we are un-funny ? 
  is that envy in your eyes or are you just happy to see me ? 
  that victim complex . 
  i 'm not denying anything , i said you have the same problem just not as extreme , which is true , and i said that 2 kids per woman is n't enough either , which is also true . 
  if those statistics will get better for your country then yeah for you !, 
  i seriously do n't see what has you people so up in arms against my comments . 
  but your prognosis about having more kids when your economy does better is bull btw. , people generally have more kids in troubled times and less in good . 
  okay , i apparently have touched on some weird national pride nerve here . 
  yes you do , 2 is n't enough . 
  oh you do , just not as extreme . 
  that they should have played lotto , i mean with these odds they could have won big . 
  you are aware that once your enlightened little sub has grown enough it will end up just like this one here ? 
  yeah , is n't it fun ? 
  eh , southern spanish winters are n't that different from northern german winters , cold and wet . 
  i do n't even ... that 's just ... what ... 
  i need a drink . 
  no it 's not , not if you do n't have any control over the costs . 
  also yes , yes you are the baddest motherfucker there is and have the greatest dick in the universe . 
  they are not inefficient and nobody is banning anything . 
  if 1l milk pays 1 $ and the overhead for germans is 95 cents but only 80 cents for the polish because of different taxes and wages than the polish have a advantage that has nothing to do with efficiency . 
  i do n't know what job , or if you have one yet , you have but i 'm pretty sure you want their wages to grow instead of yours to shrink . 
  edit : 1 l milk actually costs around 50 - 60 cents on the low spectrum in german supermarkets . 
  i do n't think you realize how meager the actual income is for those guys . 
  well then ... 
  ah , okay , thx . 
  that is not how that works , they have to pay german taxes , german wages , german food prices , german veterinary costs , etc. 
  makes sense , thx for replying . 
  exactly , i only know them from tv , so ... , but they really do n't look safe at all . 
  you know i would have expected different , it 's for the safety of kids after all . 
  oi , as a conservative myself i resent that . 
  yes , two , one was a born again german , she was n't the most stable anyway , and the other one was some austrian who tried to convert me as i was visiting klagenfurt . 
  and what is with the make and model ? 
  why not something modern ? 
  i 'm kinda allergic to pathos , can you give me an tl , dr , please ? 
  you are aware that without those laws it would be our milk farmers and truckers that would be fucked ? 
  you essentially want us to make laws that are beneficial to polish companies but fuck over our own . 
  you know you are now locked into that style , right ? 
  when in rome ... 
  sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry , my most canadian sorry , but i could n't help myself . 
  we do n't believe in the death penalty you barbarian !,
