  we do n't care . 
  we do n't care . 
  why only cigarettes ? 
  how evil of us to let adults buy what they want . 
  oh please as if any single person you meet reduces you to your name . 
  i suspect you making a mountain out of mole hill , but you are so trapped in your victim mentality that you ca n't even recognise how ridiculous you sound . 
  every question about your name is another evidence how the evil german society is not accepting you . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  what has that to do with anything ? 
  the german state has n jurisdiction in greece , and if the greek authorities had real evidence they would have gotten him . 
  so tell them , it 's not like the huguenots or the rhineland poles are n't accepted . 
  tell them i 'm german and not russian stop calling me that . 
  that is the whole point i 'm trying to make here , stand up for yourself . 
  there laws for that , if you have evidence you can ask for help from the german authorities . 
  but ultimately they broke the law on greece and not in germany . 
  never heard of him that 's why i asked , but instead i get downvotes . 
  would i asked if i knew him ? 
  i do n't see it , siemens is an international conglomerate , whatever law they break does n't have much to do with the rest of germany . 
  which exactly ? 
  if you insult me at least have the decency to do it with arguments . 
  that was what i was discussing before your first comment , so you have to forgive me if i 'm not quite sure what you want from me . 
  because i never said learning a language is a waste of time . 
  i said i do n't see why someone has to learn english . 
  that sounds more like you are being uncomfortable with who you are . 
  and you are projecting this ill feeling on the rest of us . 
  of course you are being perceived as partly russian because you are , but that does n't mean you are n't accepted . 
  i get the feeling you people , please do n't give me shit about you people - i 'm tired , think their is a secret german clubhouse , with a secret handshake were we talk about things we do n't mention to you . 
  fact is everybody hears stupid comments but instead of mentioning your ancestry , it 's being tiny , dumb , big nosed etc. . . people concentrate on the obvious . 
  i do n't quite see the argument for everybody has to learn english here ? 
  maybe i 'm just dense . 
  yeah , just because you can travel for 20 min to be in sweden or the baltic does n't mean you are an world traveler who understands how the world works . 
  neither has your ability to discuss things in english any effect on your ability to make informed decisions . 
  we have quite the diverse press in germany , speaking english is n't really needed . 
  if all you do is read shit on reddit you are just as an liability to others as if you just would watch fox news . 
  and unless you travel the world extensively every waking hour you are n't quite at the pulse of things either . 
  how is that treatment expressing itself ? 
  are there questions , or are you being insulted , has anyone actually done anything to your detriment . 
  or is it just stupid comments . 
  could be , some can be thick headed . 
  it is just you must be the unluckiest mofa in history . 
  sorry again , i had a few conversations running at the same time , was a bit distracted , i 'm also on my mobile . 
  not trying to be an asshole , sorry for the loss - i mean it , but what had that to do with europe in general . 
  was he known beyond the isles ? 
  yeah , i ca n't believe that there was no one speaking english in munich at least . 
  one experience ok , happens , but 5 times . 
  they at least try their broken english in hamburg and berlin . 
  better yet , do it before you even go to sleep . 
  two flies , one towel . 
  seriously , how lazy can one be ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  that was your worldview not mine , you are the one who sees foreigners as something less , whom needed to be cuddled by us germans . 
  my opinion is that they can and should stand up for their rights themselves , why would anybody else do it for them ? 
  willfully misunderstanding my texts is somehow a sport here . 
  your attitude , if i 'm wrong about that i apologize . 
  so no arguments left ? 
  i 'm just a horrible person because i have a different opinion ? 
  and i expressed my opinion , do n't get so hung up on the word attack . 
  yes and insulting people who have different opinions or goals , makes you a douche . 
  how can i see you as y equal if you yourself do n't ? 
  i brought this up in response to the fucking article , i do n't know how clear you want me to be ? 
  have you read that piece ? 
  i responded in kind . 
  because of economic realities , factories felt they wasted resources by loosing trained workers . 
  so the periods got extended , and because you ca n't keep families from seeing each other for such a long time , they were allowed to bring them over . 
  and like you said children who do n't know anything else but germany ca n't be expected to turn back with their parents . 
  also the adults were already so long in germany that this became their home . 
  someone who does n't take his civil duties serious is a shitty citizen , yes i stand by that . 
  and thy for making my arguments even more credible . 
  and i have trouble with the fact that you do n't seem to realise what an utter douche you are . 
  no i 'm french , i do n't even know what gave you the impression that i 'm german . 
  i 'm not discussing your first statement with you , i do n't even know what gave you that impression . 
  i only commented on your second statement because it was an direct attack on me . 
  and i made myself quite clear . 
  would n't you like to know ... 
  racist, 
  after 60 years , yes . 
  where were you , some village in the boons ? 
  also what makes you think you have a right to service in your own language ? 
  that is mighty racist of you , you know . 
  what you are saying is that germans are higher evolved , culturally or biologically i do n't know it 's your argument , so they have to show those poor foreigners grace . 
  do you even hear that crap that you are talking ? 
  the argument can be turned around quite easily too . 
  young germans learn from childhood one that some immigrants see themselves as turks first , how should they know better ? 
  would it be so hard to show some grace , what would it cost them . 
  after all they are the newbies in an established society . 
  look , it is you who constantly misunderstood my comments , if you have n't figured out my point by now you never will . 
  maybe i 'm not clear enough , maybe you are to stubborn , you seem to think i 'm a racist who just wants you gone , but like i said before i do n't care if you are here or not . 
  my point was that if you want to be appreciated as a german , and i 'm talking generally here , you should make sure people see that you understand yourself as german first , after that you can complain . 
  no i do n't , you are the one who made a big deal of being seen as a german and to be accepted as such . 
  i just remarked that all your bluster ca n't be all that serious if you ca n't be arsed to fill out some forms . 
  how many elections have you missed by now ? 
  if you feel like a german you are one , just a shitty one . 
  by whose definition ? 
  half of germans seem to function fine apparently . 
  i 'm not saying that speaking english is n't an asset or even a requirement for a sub set of the population , i just do n't follow the `` have to '' argument . 
  that 's just bullshit, 
  no , i really do n't , either you think of yourself as german and `` are '' german or you do n't . 
  it just feels strange after your comments that you do n't feel a particular need to get your citizenship worked out . 
  why should they ? 
  round and round we go , again they call themselves turks , why should i call them german ?
