  a few years back i read something simular from an french politician , grmany and france instead of poland , ca n't remember his name unfortunately . 
  the idea was to force the european unification like the field of dreams `` if you build it , they will come !, 
  germany is only selling those pieces to nato members and partners . 
  and no if the strong do n't defend themselves and others , roque states will have ample opportunities to wreak havoc . 
  we do n't even know what will happen yet . 
  the cdu still can get an absolut majority . 
  rather have the fdp in and no big coalition , thank you very much . 
  you three do get that he is trolling around , right ? 
  not surprisingly i and most compatriots totally disagree with you on all accounts . 
  i quess he is n't exactly pro cdu . 
  well there we go , ard sees cdu and spd , greens and linke head to head with 42,1 % . 
  well did n't know the actual last time they had a majority so i played save . 
  depends on what you mean by liberal . 
  if it is an economic label a cdu going it alone would be the best case scenario . 
  yup, 
  depends on how the numbers look around 8 or 9 pm . 
  maybe the cdu will take it all . 
  right , if the spd , greens or the linke lose around 0,3 % and the cdu gains at least 0,2 % the cdu could rule alone for the first time since the reunification . 
  edit : here we go , absolut majority for the cdu, 
  it 's just the prognosis , let 's wait til 8 pm when the real numbers come in . 
  maybe the fdp will get over the 5 % hump . 
  cdu and spd are center-right and center-left . 
  for the most part the c stands for conservative . 
  but there are some things where the christian shines through . 
  like opposition to lgbt rights for example . 
  edit : that that = where, 
  but that is n't very british now , is it ? 
  i mean the colonies do it too . 
  bad behaviour ? 
  the tea does n't have the right temperature ? 
  you only got 1,5 % milk ? 
  you support man u ? 
  or do you have to say `` quite '' every 5 min ? 
  and of course you get downvoted , hillarious . 
  fuck you , the only thing the pirate party has shown in the last years is how not to behave if you want to be voted for . 
  they are like kindergarten kids , running around headless and everyone screams something else into the microphones . 
  we did that 60 years ago , coincidentally that was also the last time wwii jokes were truly funny . 
  you know i had a snarky comment all ready to go but then i thought to myself `` he probably would n't even appreciate it '' . 
  so instead you get this : that was n't sarcasm . 
  it meant every word just as i wrote it . 
  she did n't get confronted with jack shit , the only thing this little stunt showed was how calm and relaxed she can be even if something out of the ordinary happens . 
  forget it , the paranoia when it comes to drones has reached mythical levels . 
  there is no arguing with them . 
  just because you let a drone crash before her feet does n't mean you confronted her with anything . 
   and the people who do n't vote in the state election tend to be left leaning . 
  i meant this . 
  oh come on , you ca n't just say stuff like that without at least some kind of source . 
   edit : if you believe the results that is ( i 'm sceptical ) , but that 's another discussion . 
  sceptical is maybe too weak to describe what i 'm thinking about this bullshit . 
  i want a real partner and not another mother . 
  my panzer is ready . 
  just ? 
  no it 's not , there is no referrences to any leading role whatsoever . 
  how you can read that out of `` germany is strong . 
  and shall stay so . '', 
  is a mystery to me . 
  dude , nobody gives a crap . 
  sorry but your interpretation skills suck . 
  go back to your german teacher and ask for tutoring , you need it . 
  na , i never could figure out stopwatches . 
  not really build on , but ok . 
  you know that color thing is really getting anoying , i think it 's time to annex you guys . 
  please do n't put ideas in somebodies head . 
  i already see it before my eyes , thousands of blogs screaming german chancellor wants reich back !, 
  no , but i get to punch in the shoulder now . 
  read his comment again but this time put an / s at the end of it . 
  i do n't know , we won the war against you , denmark , poland , france , yugoslavia , norway , greece , luxembourg and belgium after all . 
  just because some other dudes ganged up on us , does n't mean we spanked your asses any less . 
  * * i am fully aware that hitler was a very bad motherfucker and wwii is not something to be proud about , many millions of people died needlessly and i wish from the bottom of my heart it would never have happened . 
  ** ** we also thrashed you good in 1974 , suck it !, 
  *** *** yes i 'm aware that i was n't even born back then and even if i had been i would n't have been part of the german eleven and i should n't be proud of stupid shit like this . 
  i do n't think the icc is part of that agreement . 
  eh , i 'll bet on smartphones . 
  they are free to not talk to the us too . 
  how do you know ? 
  not saying the do but ... ? 
  ah ok , but i 'm not sure how much that holds true in generell . 
  also seeing that you can buy 1,5 l water for under 20 cent here if you go to a supermarket , beer seems to be somewhat pricier . 
  i love winter but that would be a bit much for me . 
  well , i guess 200 + kilometers more to the north can make a big difference . 
  i live in hamburg and the ivy on our house grows like weed and plants are green for at least 9 months but more like 10 . 
  and copenhagen is n't that far away from me . 
  yes but a few months is a major understatement . 
  also do n't you people have ivy ? 
  few months ? 
  i did n't say that german beer is n't cheap , i said you ca n't just look at the prices to see which country has the cheaper beer . 
  you have to factor in buying power . 
  that is all very good , but you two ca n't just compare beer prices without talking about wages . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  what the fuck is so controversial about my comment ? 
  no it 's not better . 
  yeah well , you take a spade and dig up the nazi cludgel to make some dumb ass point about the cdu which is n't even part of our discussion . 
  but if you think the fucking linke is n't a socialist party anymore you just insane . 
  no , but those people willingly got in bed together with the pds . 
  that makes them suspect , to me at least . 
  which ones would that be ? 
  this `` author '' actually is . 
  just because it 's called twix now does n't mean it taste different than a raider . 
   the left ( die linke ) in germany , together with our allies throughout europe , is advancing a vision of economic democracy , equality and sustainable growth in europe .
