  yeah , right . 
  yes it 's an austrian conspiracy to make us germans look bad !, 
  yes , but it would probably have survived a lot longer if it would have been a bit more centralized . 
  at least napoleon would n't have had such an easy time conquering half of it . 
  he never had real power anywhere , that was one of it 's problems . 
   they are . 
  german polititians who think they 're still living in the 80 's are n't . 
  problem is german gamers are n't doing anything about this ( eg . 
  protesting , petitions , writing polititians ) , so it does n't look like anything is going to change any time soon . 
  what for ? 
  i just buy those games on gmg , amazon ( us , uk ) , humble bundle , etc. 
  and activate them in steam , et voila ? 
  is cheaper anyway . 
  besides bohemia , i 'm dissapointed by you czechs , and the parts south of the alps . 
  that is not how those things work . 
  / r/explainlikeimfive, 
  ah , ok , turns out i did miss something . 
  well , you live and learn . 
  `` sie '' is the german eqvivalent to the english `` they '' , or am i missing something very obvious here ? 
  you want the elia5 version ? 
  how about people like you realise that grammatical gender has not much to do with human gender and stop trying to force change language use . 
  so have all the other western languages , pretty sure most languages even , and that for a very long time now . 
  tropical ... 
  central germanic is the best germanic !, 
  suck it north germanics !, 
  just ignore the troll . 
  isdn is n't broadband . 
  yeah , but europol does n't investigates itself , it just acts as a mediator . 
  this comment says it best :  kadik\u00f6y is not a village in bulgaria , it 's in turkey . 
  there have been no bulgarians there since 1913 . 
  there are some journalists and `` normal '' folk in germany that believe that if a foreigner has a hard time in germany it 's because of the racist german society . 
  not that there is n't racism here , there is of course but not everything is our fault . 
  yeah , poor you , be glad they do n't mention mussolini every time . 
  then you better hold your nose ... 
  psht , hats should be seen , not heard . 
  he bombed serbia . 
   the newest spiel is that the federal republic of germany is a limited company and every citizen an employee , based mainly on a failure to understand what the word `` personal '' means . 
  that 's hardly `` new '' . 
  this bs is already around for a few decades . 
  sources ? 
  says who ? 
  honestly that sounds like bs . 
   ihave been rightfully given to bavaria i think they might object to that phrasing . 
  should n't you be off writing a column for the bild , i mean the attitude and name are already there . 
  you can post those links in the comments , if they matter to the subject at hand . 
  you have n't answered his question . 
  sure , but it 's still not real volunteering , that 's all i said . 
  i did this during my time in olive-green , `` volunteer '' is n't the word i would use . 
  either that or you stay on base and do the real shitty jobs nobody else wants to do . 
  what has that to do with lawyers and their political leanings ? 
  btw . 
  : from my perspective it 's exactly the other way around . 
  if you say so ... 
  you do know that the post-war periode is long over , right ? 
  firstly , we are germans , we are done claiming the loungers at 6 sharp . 
  everyone you see after that is a dirty brit . 
  secondly , we are germans , we can read a map . 
  thirdly , we are germans , there will be no alcohol poisoning , but the sunstroke is a real possibility i 'm sad to say . 
  does n't matter because ... 
  finally , we are germans , we are stubborn and will do it anyway . 
  6 months ago , please , that subreddit was always an cesspool . 
  i would n't say something like that to sch\u00e4uble of all people . 
  you know considering the reason he has to sit in that funny chair . 
  we do n't need the same survey every few months . 
  as long as it is of the long island variety , i 'm down with it . 
  no , because the schwiitziis are reallllllllyyyyy sllloooowwwww . 
  i demand satisfaction !, 
  my weapon of choice the plumpudding . 
  * cough * it 's not fit for consumption anyway * cough *, 
  no worries , just ask the next chinese tourist group you meet , they 'll tell you . 
  you are supposed to eat them fresh and not the next day when you come home from your trip to the bakery . 
  ( i really hope you got that one ), 
  if [ that ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/bakedbeansandeggontoast.jpg ) is n't wd-40 around those `` beans '' , i 'll drink my next tea with milk , bleh , barbarians !, 
  please , i take a warm br\u00f6tchen over your greasy beans any day of the weak . 
  for a few years , seen this non-sense for quite some time now . 
  yeah, 
  that 's kinda awesome . 
  mayor cinemas show blockbuster in their original language too . 
  pfft aliens , just cough in their generell direction and they 'll keel over . 
  that makes even less sense , not culturally ? 
  really ? 
  the moon ? 
  well then , the thing is i could tell you that in germany there is something newish to see around every corner , not just history or cultural quirks . 
  but the thing is that is true for every country here . 
  i say the best thing for you is to read up a bit and see which country or area interests you most and then you go from there . 
  life is what you make of it . 
  europe can be an amazing continent if you love to go out and explore , but the same is true for every place on earth . 
  if you are an couch potatoe at home chances are you will be one in europe too . 
  also lame . 
  it 's true they are not criminals but they might get arrested while being in germany ,, 
  russia is a big place . 
  but we were talking about norway anyway so ... 
  right , because winters in germany are so mild . 
  that would exclude the uk . 
  well if you want to talk about english speaking countrys combined you do n't have many choices . 
  jup , if you have either a tv , a computer or a radio you 'll have to pay the fee . 
  around 200 $ per year for shitty television . 
  welcome to the club . 
  nobody told me we were supposed to . 
  dude , i meant the swiss safes and i was n't serious .
