   i really wonder why german folk songs are that bad . 
  because they are not `` folk '' songs they are `` pop '' songs , they are an entire modern concoction . 
  i 'm not telling ... 
  the ones lying in their safes . 
  non of them were looted . 
  have you ? 
  excuse me ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  we constantly returning looted art . 
  please , 2nd germany was hilarious , no 3rd is the grumpy one . 
  and as last time the answer is always 3rd germany is unfunniest . 
  they look for migrants not tourists . 
  do we have to have the `` do n't feed the trolls ! '', 
  conversation again ? 
  as long as it deals with the us . 
  we can drop bombs from trains too , just have to use a timer . 
  he died 60 years ago , he does n't care anymore . 
  this would end so badly phyrrhus would laugh at us . 
  seeing as they are n't really into law enforcement , i think that is allright with them . 
  but seriously , every intelligence agency in the world has the same problem . 
  well , allright then . 
  btw . 
  you have way to many of those anyway . 
  could n't you just roll the nsa , ss , homeland and parts of the fbi into one big agency ? 
  look at all the money you could save !, 
  that is the point were i 'm unclear , are they a police org with intelligence duties or are they an intelligence agency with police duties ? 
  everything i 've heard and read , which is n't much mind you , make it sound like they are the latter . 
  edit : what i mean is that a lot of what internal intelligence agencaies do is not that differen from police orgs . 
  they investigate criminal elements , it 's just that there criminals are called terrorists , weapon smugglers , spies , etc. 
  that may be but as far as i know they are not allowed to operate , physically , on u.s. soil . 
   the fact it was paid back later does n't mean there was n't one . 
  as for the size : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reconstruction_of_germany never said nor implied that there was n't one . 
  but i get the feeling that some people see it as an affront that the `` crisis countries '' have to pay back there debts and i find that funny , not ha ha funny mind you . 
   you and i have a very different idea of `` small '' . 
  but granted it was mostly the west but that was because the soviet did not allow east germany to get it . 
  let me put that in context , there is no doubt that on a personal level this is a lot of money , i mean a loooot . 
  but you may have heard of the flooding that happened the last weeks in central europe , now germany has just allocated 8 billion $ for repairs and help for it 's own damaged regions . 
  that is probably not enough to offset the entire damage that was done , but it should take care of most of it . 
  now that is around 10 + billion $ and all that is just for a few minor cities and villages that are still standing . 
  and now i want you to picture the devastation just after wwii , every major city was bombed into rubble and many of the minor ones , what was n't destroyed was taken by the allies , trains and train tracks , machinery , scientists , patents , farm animals ( those that were still alive ) , etc. 
  you got that picture ? 
  now compare it to the damage done by the flood , you see it yet ? 
  as well meant and appreciated as this money was , it was a joke , the proverbial drop of water on a hot stone . 
   i never said that . 
  but i 'm a little worried we 're in that era where your neighbor can starve in the street and nobody gives a fuck , nor even bother to burry the body . 
  the well known `` none of my business '' habit of occident is worrying . 
  you must be living in an entire different europe . 
  besides that , the original commenter implied that it is inmoral for germany to build an museum while other countries have a crisis and that is just bullshit . 
   if you think saying that all of europe will have to unite toface the crysis is condescending you might want to have somebody look up in your head . 
  yep that just was condescending , this time . 
  no , you talked down to me , and continue to do so , like a little child that needs to learn to share . 
  the monetary crisis is a lot more complex than `` will you just learn to share , please ! '', 
  the cia has no jurisdiction when it comes to u.s. territory , they are only allowed to work outside of the u.s. . 
  the fbi as far as i know is more of an inland intelligence agency with restricted police duties . 
  the u.s. has a plethora of intelligence agencies btw. , secret service , nsa , homeland security etc. 
  edit : just checked wiki :  the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) is a governmental agency belonging to the united states department of justice that serves as both a federal criminal investigative body and an internal intelligence agency ( counterintelligence ) . 
  is n't the fbi an intelligence agency ? 
  what has that to do with my comment ? 
   you got a lot of money post war to rebuild ... a lot . 
  i got shit , i was born in east germany and we only got robbed . 
  it was west germany who got the loan , which was paid back by the way . 
  also it was n't all that big either . 
   maybe it 's time to help your neighbors ? 
  : / because all we did until now is sit on our asses and laugh , right ? 
   we 're all in this together in europe , imho . 
  could you be any more condescending ? 
  pfft , island is island . 
  there is a really small island just of the coast of cuba that is technically german too , i can throw that in as well . 
  not yet , but maybe we can make a trade , you 'll get helgioland and we get mallorca ? 
  eh , same neighbourhood , more or less . 
  also france does n't really count , we know all the secret paths through it . 
  because my neighbour is in debt i ca n't buy a new car anymore ? 
  i doubt that they pm 'd , as i know my landswomen they probably posted it on their wall for everybody to see , friend or not . 
  he is n't even in the top ten of people who gave speeches in berlin . 
  * cough * 30 years war * cough *, 
  clearly, 
  i said on that day , not the whole month . 
  well , i have nothing to do on that day ... 
   2 ) somebody needs to explain to germans that they are not being invaded by hungry grasshoppers who come to demolish their welfare system . 
  there 's the german lifestyle , good reputation , values , freedom and tolerance which attracts people from other parts of europe to their country . 
  hopefully a bunch of xenophobic sexually frustrated jokers wo n't send a sign to the world that the mentioned values are not valid anymore in germany . . 
  which comment was that based on ? 
  who the fuck is saying that ? 
  well , as it turns out he already knows so much about all of us here in europe , it would only be fair that we get to know him a bit better . 
  and i do n't know maybe share our grievances with him ... 
   `` the germans are teh best ''  [ 1 ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upd7g1wkw28&amp;feature=player_detailpage&amp;t=136s that shows the expectations these people have , not the german self image . 
   `` but immigrants do n't bother learning german ''  [ 2 ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upd7g1wkw28&amp;feature=player_detailpage&amp;t=158s no , it shows that these people do n't speak german , they are n't immigrants yet . 
   `` they take our hard-earned money ''  [ 3 ] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upd7g1wkw28&amp;feature=player_detailpage&amp;t=243s they are saying that these people rely on welfare in germany , because they do n't earn enough money . 
  how that is turned into `` they took our money ! '', 
  by you is beyond me . 
   the whole video , starting with a depiction of how in romania they still use the horse and live in dirty villages , and ending with a message that these horsemen will all come over to the german paradise , is a not-so-covert example of germany 's politically correct racism . 
  it 's smart enough that perhaps people who are not targeted by it ( western europeans ) wo n't notice . 
  no , the video starts with images of the actual village and a horse driven carriage in that village , which btw you 'll will also find in many german villages . 
  everything else is your bigotry shining through . 
  yes , but let 's keep the conspiracy theories on a back burner for now . 
  and let 's enjoy our industrie produced computers , with some industrie produced coffee and not to forget the industrie produced bread with the industrie produced chocolate cream on top of it . 
  so that we can hear the industrie produced alarm clock by our industrie produced bedside , after which we use the industrie produced shower and put on the industrie produced clothes hanging in our industrie produced closets . 
  btw : the industrie leaders are not negotiating , they are advising . 
  some increased some fell , problem was increase in prices , because of inflation , was put on hold before the introduction , so it seemed as if things got more expensive because of the $ . 
  that was especially true in supermarkets and so everybody complained about it , despite the fact that it was n't the $ fault .
