  i had a bernese mountain dog they are soo lovely dogs , definitely my favorite kind, 
  good, 
  christian values has no meaning in hungary , orban is the one who ca n't shut up about it, 
  well thank god only commies know how to build houses !, 
  but the poll was about the residents of the city . 
  and in 2015 the prices were pretty bad already . 
  not really, 
  not even the average nationalist dreams about full revision . 
  where are those hungarians ? 
  wait , serbs ca n't comment on a topic about albania ? 
  sad there is no ( google ) streetview : /, 
  orban got elected again because the left colapsed , orban or hungarians arent euroskeptic, 
  waberers are hungarian, 
  transylvania was hungarian for a long time why dont romanians left , your argument is stupid, 
  i find it funny that slovaks ( or hungarians ) never talk about germanization, 
  i expected more from hungary, 
  why would they learn romanian when many towns have overwhelming hungarian majority, 
  architecture is not bad , but the buildings are poorly maintained and do n't even talk about the birds and the bad smell, 
  venice, 
  well we can send the best athlestes , and where we compete as a team we can form a team from the best players, 
  like west berlin, 
  how so ? 
  it 's really nice but its 390 euro a month ? 
  which one of these are medival town square most of these building was built between 1850-2016, 
  and what ? 
  not even 20 years after trianon why would n't we try to get lands populated by hungarians ? 
  cicciolina still `` famous '' , its easy to find her in tv shows, 
  there is no was that balcans do n't have child support system, 
  new darkhorse ? 
  lets see how they perform against defensive teams . 
  belgium counter attacks are scarry , but if hazard keep performing like he did against us they will go to the final, 
  what ? 
  orban is corrupt but he is not in the same league as erdogan and putin, 
  im proud of our boys they did everything in this match and thats the only thing that matters !, 
  despite the hard times of communism russia is not the most hated country in hungary maybe its a good expanation, 
  its not that easy to clean them , you ca n't source the job for incompetent people, 
  your brain ca n't really last that long, 
  most frequently used quote on reddit, 
  unemployment is low only because of stupid public employment where people `` work '' for no money , its meaningless, 
  not really, 
  no wonder i never watch this `` show '', 
  wtf never heard this song and its have 5m views !, 
  if things would be that easy, 
   budapest well its not budapest but the whole pest-county i think, 
  never seen bidets in hungary , so i do n't know why we are mentioned, 
  gypsies in budapest are nuts compared to gypsies in the countyside cities, 
  this , we do n't care if anyone takes them if its not us, 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  definitely more important, 
  f-35b is the one that is capable of vtol ? 
  crazy good free advertisement for csiki s\u00f6r , barealy anyone know about that bier before . 
  hungary is not former soviet, 
  well storing the energy would be a problem, 
  all energy from renewable sources ? 
  how ? 
  or the gypsie `` lords '' who are basicaly enslave other gypsies ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  uk media propaganda on russian level lately ( no before you say i do n't care about trumps image ), 
  ca n't really blame spain here , all it takes is 1 retard to do this . 
  slavic really ? 
  yeah nothing like this happend in the great wester europe , ira ? 
  or separatist groups in spain dont even talk about retarded wars that wester europen nations started lol, 
  last time i heard police only found firecrackers but you can give me a good source . 
  terrorist attempt with firecrackers ? 
  he is a fan of jordan, 
  what a garbage, 
  barham was filmed in wwii this one was in wwi, 
  the loser will get 2028 probably, 
  those people from middle east are more xenophobic , homophobic racist than easter europeans, 
  legit this gets posted every other day ? 
  you really care too much about a random village mayor : ddd, 
  its what they are using for heating . 
  residential heating especially in this part of europe is one of the biggest cause of pollution, 
  the healthcare in the countryside will make them leave soon too, 
  so thats why most of the western imigrants are german . 
  no one fucking cares about you kdnp just stop, 
  soviet union ? 
  miskolc 460 not bad, 
  not even worth to talk about this , there is no way serbia will attack kosovo, 
  in 20 years vojvodina will be 100 % serb anyway, 
  weird in hungary there is no problem at all between protestants and catholics, 
  sz is a letter , sounds like s in sit, 
  recognizing a country has no meaning , those countries that not recognize kosovo in the eu has their own minorities , independence movements so it would be counterproductive for them, 
  itaq really that high wtf did not expect that, 
  yes i know but its still harsh, 
  well it 's depends on how serious the injury and where you got hit etc. 
  for triping someone getting this kind of sentence is questionable, 
  it 's not if the same thing would happen to you or anyone the police would just laugh at you lol, 
  its not true anymore , last time i heard a scottish joke was like 10 years ago , people just use gypsies or jews or romanians again, 
  estonia ? 
  its still quality but not free, 
  for real austrians do you consider yourself german ? 
  no one has pal\u00f3c accent in n\u00f3gr\u00e1d anymore such is life, 
  his opposition is the same but they are incompetent too, 
  no way its genetic, 
  it works for 1 country, 
  ex-prime minister of italy, 
  why would she do that ? 
  i do n't like it that they randomly choose schools and students for the measurement , anyway as i see we get worse everytime, 
  it 's most because of the recent anti imigration propaganda , try to find data from 2012 or 2014 and muslims will be way lower .
