yes over r\u00e1kosi m\u00e1ty\u00e1s totally legit he asked whom is the worst in the last 100 years and not that who is the worst in the last year, 
  i do n't know why but finnish is so funny language for me, 
  maybe they count hungarian too ? 
  well i taught german as a second language, 
  fuck now where i get my cheap lpg, 
  just butthurt, 
  trianon still not revised , even 4chan ca n't do it, 
  expect you know they are only viewed as a threat . . 
  still easyer than other european languages , and the most used language on the internet is english too so its obvious everyone need to learn english, 
  english is pretty easy language compared to other languages . 
  we do n't really have muslim population, 
  well ussr stopped our older generation from learning english and german is more usefull in hungary, 
  our dubbing is pretty good sometimes even better than the original, 
  how is this relevant for this sub ? 
  tl dr we need your job, 
  slovakia and romania why im not surprised, 
  yeah because its a totally true story, 
  sin = b\u0171n crime = b\u0171nt\u00e9ny its not the same but similar, 
  our relations with poles just better historicaly and recently, 
  its not that hard to drive a tank , almost every tank work in the same way some of them just more modern, 
  chinese and india people are wealthy ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  gypsies 0.85 what ? 
  the thing is in every country where the hungarian minority lives is the worst developed region thats pretty weird for me . 
  wow thats just sad , that kid will get so many shit in his life cuz of his/her parents my god, 
  ohh the situation is n't that bad , and if you are ashamed of your country just do n't get that citizenship , a country is n't about politics but peoples that live there, 
  our nuclear plant will work for 50 years so i think it 's a pretty long time, 
  not like slovakia or romania is ready for a multi-ethnic state . . 
  what ? 
  revise trianon would be stupid now , but maybe we can get southern slovakia and sz\u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld a part of vojvodina, 
  worth it, 
  italy weir with those bidets for sure , when i was italy we do n't have showers in our lodging but we had 2 bidets great !, 
   bidets yeah only in south europe, 
  probably r\u00e1kosi m\u00e1ty\u00e1s http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m%c3%a1ty%c3%a1s_r%c3%a1kosi, 
  in salgotarjan , atleast we are good at something, 
  when i was in hospital i got pretty decent meal and soup , nothing like that, 
  and i think north koreans work more than 8 hour/day , sadly, 
  yeah hungary is literally north korea, 
  i want to see that , that would be worst than the yugoslav war, 
  rosatom build pretty high quality nuclear reactors , they are top 3 in world i have to say, 
  it 's not a big deal if you want to discuss it normally . 
  just do n't say that palinka is bad or call us mongols, 
  its surprising we are not last ... 
  iranian in hungary interesting, 
  blaze it !, 
  austria , clean , beautiful mountains , nice people , etc - slovakia i just spend a lot of time here at winter and summer, 
  ahh you are the one who shout racism at everything ok :d, 
  but its true, 
  still better than having citizenship in eritrea or somalia, 
  well albania is muslim country but yeah there is n't 70m + people, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baden-w%c3%bcrttemberg its black and yellow i guess, 
  there was 1 day vignette here , but only for 1 years or 2, 
  100 times better than tolls lol , your system is way slower and expensive, 
  what, 
  what a bullshit list , shit make no sense, 
  only 18 % ? 
  sad, 
  ca n't watch outside of uk sadly, 
  meanwhile gypsies attacking old people here everyday , yesterday they attacked 3 old people and brutally beat up them , but who the fck cares they are just white people , this is pathetic, 
  well only if they are unskilled and immigrate only for welfare, 
  everyone know about the hungarian-romanian war here, 
  wow 8 years ago everyone was older in the team , mind blown, 
  yeah they had no problem with our previous government when they fcked up the whole country but yeah they were silence , and do nothing against eu or other nations interest so who cares then, 
  well im uni student and i have to work only like 15 day at summer to get enough money to vacation this 40 % feels way to high in my opinion, 
  its not a great idea to discuss gypsies in this sub though :d, 
  2 months ago 3 doctors died in a car accident here and almost , a city have to close half of the hospital its sad , and its not because of germany or other we countrys its just sad our country ca n't give good salaries for the brightest, 
  yeah you are right but if every educated people left east europe how the fck eu expect that their economy etc will grow . 
  my dad is a doctor and we worked in the textile industry ( before he earned like nothing at all ) after hungary joined the eu our enterprise had no chance to keep up with multis and western technology so bum this is how hungarian light industry died , but after my dad had enough patient to get enough money for good living , the real problem here is doctors earn nothing till they have enough patient . . 
  you ca n't expect the doctors to move their entire family to budapest or just travel 100km every day , or if they move to budpapest who the fck will work in countryside ? yeah no one we can import arab doctors ( this is what happening ) but they have way lower skill than our doctors , its ca n't comparable with the skill of east eu and west eu ... 
  well i do n't get the autonomy in ukraine , but south slovakia is pure hungarian but thats near border in eu anyway so not a problem , if anything autonomy only would help in romania, 
  well i live there where the hunters shot the bear so im pretty ok with that, 
  serbia and ukraine are not part of schengen, 
  not just the french just wait 10 or 20 year and there will be civil war in europe look at the growth of migrant population in west and the gypsy growth in east, 
   belami i never heard about this but wtf is gayporn ? 
  i doubt we voted on him we are all homophobes, 
  yeah pathetic, 
  that was pretty good though, 
  whats up with austria 's singer i do n't even know what the fck . 
  antarctica is free, 
  well yeah but i like relax on winter in the beautiful mountains !, 
  i know it is in greece but i liked france the most when i was in vacation, 
  well to be fair i was there with friends only , all we do is drink , go to beach , drink , go to party , and was cheap , the sea was not so salty . 
  but yeah if we had money for france it would be another story, 
  is it ? 
  i liked it we drank that 24/7 was cheap and pretty ok , but you guys have some good beer . 
  zagorka i think, 
  ohh no they are evolving !, 
  well i mean typical history for us that we are the good guys in almost every part, 
  i do n't think anyone hates bulgarians, 
  if the vodka ( flirt ) is still cheap im ok with that :d, 
  romania got so much better after they joined eu actually , you ca n't even compare ukraine or romania now , they are so ahead of ukraine now . 
  well before was a mess pretty much haha, 
  just typical history, 
  sunny beach like the best thing happened to east europe , i totally prefer that over greece and italy, 
  cheap cigarette , maffia , corruption , russian like people , this is what people think most of the time if you ask about ukraine here, 
  3 % admits that they are roma , the numbers is lower here too cuz of that, 
  it 's not surprising everyone have national feelings , but history does n't mean we can t go well with each other, 
  well ok if you do n't even know what we are talking about here ... 
  azerbaijan is in europe ? 
  maybe he does n't like the slavic cultures .
