  trade with germany or any western country the trading routes goes throuh hungary 2 . 
  easier to do bussiness 3 . 
  some corupt deals for our leaders, 
  balkan route starts at greece so most of the migrants that came into hungary went through greece in the first place, 
  first eu where refugees areive is greece anyway so i do n't think so . 
  bakeries, 
  hard to believe 1 is mandatory and in many schools its 2 or more . 
  most of them left romania for italy now . jk, 
  it happend a week ago though, 
  fast internet like i have 250 mbit/s in my shitty city in the country side :d, 
  other than language hungarian and slovakians are barely different for example . 
  slovakian plates not that common anymore, 
  do n't worry there is one in every city . 
  found j\u00e1n slota, 
  hungary 18 . yeah this list make no sense, 
  their agenda on reddit is very interesting to say the least , its hard to find any aspect , they are better in than any central-eastern european country, 
  what ? 
  you implied that if someone is called olah then they are not hungarian ( since you wrote `` hungarian '' ) and i said yes most of the people who called olah are in fact hungarian gypsies , no need to be offended anytime when someone put romanian and gypsies in the same sentence, 
  i almost died there last weekend the 40c was too much , respect fidesz, 
  sadly those basalt columns are vandalised by idiots all the time, 
  why macron ? 
  what he did so far other than some handshake battles :d, 
  whats up with this sub that after brexit now every state that is not germany or france should be kicked out of eu lol, 
  i doubt its true for us, 
  since you can declare more ethinicity in hungary for example you can say you are german/hungarian , so they only counted hungarian at that time , but im just guessing here . 
  who will stop the funds the kurds lol ? 
  i ca n't even count how many times i got assaulted by gypsies at night haha so not surprising, 
  who is afraid of being perceived as nationalist here ? 
  me neither , other than some far-righter no one cares, 
  its way too low numbers too , it feels like it should be atleast 50 % non religious, 
  how different the older and newer parts look ? 
  felcs\u00fat is beta + already keep up the good work orban lol, 
  b-2 and f-22 cant be sold to foreign countries for example, 
  i agree on the mutual r&d budget but i highly doubt countries like france would share their military technology with other countries, 
  if you think us is selling their best weapons you are mistaken, 
  / r/hungary, 
  all that taxpayers money to support his kids feels good, 
  too bad young couples ca n't even start their own life with the pathetic salaries and growing costs of living so giving benefits only after you have kids is just retarded, 
  crimea will never be part of ukraine again not even a question, 
  where ? 
  well many things are truly cheaper here now , but imo its because slovakia uses euro now, 
  n\u00f3gr\u00e1d was known for hard industry and mining and after 90 's all of the mines and most of the factories closed, 
  its not a referendum lol, 
  i hate propaganda maps like this, 
  when ? 
  yeah corruption exist in this part of europe, 
  do n't worry he knows nothing about hungary . 
  they arent nomadic thats why, 
  too rich to hate austria lol, 
  hard to know on reddit, 
  not even jobbik cares about lands without ethnic hungarians their main focus on szeklerland after that south slovakian parts, 
  well tell that to the russians that lives there , and im not defending the anexation here , its just happend and i think ukraine will never get that land back, 
  you know the people that lives there they determined that they are russian ? 
  crimea is 70 % russian i ca n't believe there woud n't be worse conflitcs if that would happen, 
  andorra crazy good at football trust me , thats why, 
  so they should bomb them / s, 
  follow the same rules , but denmark has opt-outs from some eu rules ... 
  we can smell who is a rich westerner . 
  salg\u00f3tarj\u00e1n is not that bad : /, 
  their culture is not based upon traveling its really over exaggereted . 
  imagine a country filled with only gypsies , how functional that country would be lol, 
  i have no idea why this is downvoted, 
  this make no sense, 
  sometimes i get shocked how many ignorant questions eastern europe gets lol, 
  there is germany for you, 
  i would move to italy , austria or germany so most of the european coutries are a no for me, 
  if only things would work like that : p, 
  its just a go to generic answer anytime a topic is about an eastern european country :d, 
  and expensive, 
  halusky or any greek food, 
  try pal\u00f3c guly\u00e1s its one of my favorite . 
  sunny beach is just a maffia run party holiday `` city '' and its good enough for many people including me, 
  way too much people there, 
  really?i bearly hear anything about hungarian jews, 
  hungarian wikipedia calls him croatian-serbian-american, 
  not worth to argue over this with them , they will bring up that firecracker airsoft gang as terrorists for years , they can be thankfull hungarians do n't have organisations like ira or eta, 
  i do n't think we have bad relations with serbia atm, 
  well i doubt they can be competent enough . 
  ohh boy they chose the bad populists !, 
  if you know so much about hungarian politics tell me which party would be better , all of them are cancers, 
  no its just got popular on reddit, 
  ma\u0111arica looks like zserb\u00f3, 
  too good to be true : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucd-uk-a5iw, 
  if we qualify then yes . 
  france , italy , germany , austria , andorra , switzerland , slovakia , slovenia , romania , bulgaria , macedonia , serbia , greece ca n't choose most of them were pretty nice . 
  i would say its gyros instead of kebab, 
  they steal it from big markets like tesco , auchan , lidl etc, 
  yes its common that they sell some stolen stuff or something like that, 
  never seen our gypsies doing this i do n't know where you get those, 
  pff the number of migrants going through romania is not even close to the amount that went through hungary give a better example, 
  stop the bullshit the fence was built so the migrants or refugees wo n't just randomly go through hungary , we are on the part of the main route to germany, 
  they maybe steal more but other than that i ca n't see how its much worse tbh, 
  we were in mess before orban so its really not a good argument . 
  finnish or english, 
  everyone pirates windows + office or anything you can get from the internet . 
  buying alcohol from shops after 22:00, 
  step 1 be rich, 
  yeah true i only heard that she is albanian like a month ago, 
  usa or canada, 
  we only have biklanes to steal eu money and no one uses it anyway .
