  same here :d, 
  ca n't be worse than gypsies , so you are ok, 
  our government really hate us, 
  not to defend putin but my country ca n't even manage the roads and we are pretty little compared to russia ... 
  tell me why should i live harder cuz of ukraine ? 
  we have pretty bad relations with each other and our historical relations is n't that good either ... 
  i do n't know why snowden still a big thing , that 's obvious every nation spy on their citizens and on other country at some level at least, 
  pretty much same thing here, 
  what revolution ? 
  the things is n't that bad here than was in 2006 , i do n't know where this claims came from , the thing is hungary have no chance against economics like the german or other western economy etc , and the western expectations too much now, 
  wtf this article so bad ... 
  it 's pretty high better born in germany next time, 
  orban is n't that russophobic , it 's easier to get votes if you speak against russia nowadays , everyone doing that even communsist parties, 
  there is not many better option , and he is n't that bad still better than the other partys before and the opposition is just the peoples who caused the problems, 
  people always forget the nuclear plant , we ca n't really afford to quarrel with the russians, 
  you ca n't compare bratislava to budapest though , most of the time more there is more than 3 mill people in budapest and more than 1/5 of the country living here, 
  no one will occupie a nato country any time soon , hungary do n't have a good connection to ukraine anyway, 
  in hungary engineers ca n't even get 1 k a month, 
  yeah they are pretty stupid , sad they are getting more popular every day ... 
  not at all first we are not interested in this russia-ukraine thing at all if any conflict happen between nato and russia we would been fcked anyway , we ca n't really quarrel with russia now ... we can only hope for this things going peacefully, 
  yeah its pretty sad , this is a lot of money for hungary , even if the same thing happening in ukraine now as happened with us in 1956 we have to shut our mouth pretty much ... ( that was pretty bad english sry ), 
  we ca n't really do anything we just requested russia to build new nuclear power plant for us source : http://www.politics.hu/20140204/russia-to-cover-80-percent-of-paks-costs-says-economy-minister/, 
  every eu country has gas reserves , god even hungary have enough gas for years, 
  im not surpirsed about this comments anymore my romanian friend, 
  there is less people entering to hungary now , but yeah we are on the edge, 
  if slovenia and croatia ca n't keep them out they wo n't change route . 
  hungary protecting its own borders first probably they want to put pressure on other coutries to finally do something about this crisis ( well it can backfire but who cares at this point , it ca n't go forever like this ), 
  insignificant number in the current migration or refugee crisis, 
  what ? 
  i think every homeless just moves to budapest from the coutryside thats why so much homeless people there, 
  thanks we take vojvodina !, 
  '' hungarians are pissed off '' no one know or cares about that deal though, 
  well its not true , most of them are n't moving anywhere they usually staying in one village, 
  nomad culture , where is this shit came from lol, 
  well ... yeah, 
  well i ca n't see any nato barbed wire so i do n't know its real or not, 
  italy is underrated, 
  its not only about politicians slovenia do n't have the manpower ( police force ) for that hell not even hungary has, 
  even hungarian minority fighting in ukraine ( 150k people in zakarpatia ) so i guess yes, 
  it 's only a solution for hungary if they will change their route to croatia - hungary and croatia-slovenia, 
  oil is not everyhing look at venezuela, 
  ohh i can support kurdistan becomming idependent but things do n't work like that , what will happen if they lose funding from turkey ? how can a country exist without economy , bordering turkey that will become hostile to kurdistan and syria iraq . they arent in a easy position . 
  new kosovo great, 
  ohh he jinxed it he was the next, 
  thats why everyone so scared from russia, 
  your point ? 
  it does n't matter what site uploaded it you clearly can see what 's happening, 
  do n't worry hungary is weak to do things like that . 
  northern part of italy, 
  the thing is if we try to force them into tents they will riot . 
  atleast here people always want harder punishments for violent crimes , ( be it hungarian or gypsie or muslim etc ), 
  in which country ? 
  index went shit this month sadly, 
  its not the 19th century anymore gtfo, 
  well our neo nazis do nothing compared to isis or german neo nazis , but nice try, 
  orban hopes they will change route , and its the best for europe if we can register all of them as soon as possible , i agree most of them are regugees but how many terrorist used this opportunity to come into europe ... 
  yeah the west needs buffer states that can do the `` inhumman '' jobs for them, 
  they dont even have ids how you can know that they have a degree, 
  cant really do anything against it if they dont want to stay in hungary we cant keep them here by force, 
  well its pretty bad maybe im not used to this since i just moved here, 
  our capital looks like a refugee camp the immigrants are rioting nothing special, 
  they are n't white ? 
  yeah thats it most of the refugees went to the us and most of them totally lost their hungarian identity, 
  after ww 2 everyone needed more workforce . 
  the 50s were different times . . 
  we are lucky they think like that, 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania was in the su which is even worst lol, 
  its like some russian propaganda :d, 
  or we can keep them out most of them are n't refugees at all, 
  i mean i thought austria have as much or more more application as hungary, 
  there is no way we will accept so much, 
  i tought more migrants apply for asylum in austria, 
  immigrants sleeping everwhere is the shitty thing . 
  budapest is really shitty right now, 
  well in your opinion why hungary recognise it and not slovakia and romania , almost no one gives a fck about kosovos independece in europe, 
  roma are not orthodox in slovakia or hungary, 
  szeged i never hear about szeged, 
  i never heard about bertelsmann-stiftung . de it is a trustworthy source ? 
  nothing bad happened to them, 
  no one speaks russian in hungary, 
  only 92 % ? 
  liberty square with a '' nice '' soviet monument, 
  his comment was retarded . 
  but turkey is in a really hard position bordering both iraq and syria and having 2m + refugees so we ca n't really blame them, 
  no sorry, 
  turkey wanted to do the same in budapest , its really sad how they want to waste their taxpayers money, 
  lol they should be happy that they have a safe place to sleep in the first place, 
  according to police.hu it was over religion or money ( someone stole a quran from someone ), 
  well uefa ca n't place giblaltar and spain in the same group for some political reason so, 
  its easy to talk far from the warzone, 
  the alban maffia, 
  and jailed for human trafficing, 
  turkey in europe this time because it 's a good news about turkey . 
  every homeless people just moves to budapest , its hard to find them in the countryside, 
  cheaper lpg and kofola for me, 
  it was a joke, 
  i do n't get the circlerjerk about homsexuals on / r/europe , how is this relevant every topic ? 
  well kingdom of hungary was home of so many ethnicities . 
  the former soviet union -- poland \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  and calling orban a dictator is just lazy,
