  you mad ? 
  self reported , never met a person who was n't able to buy food and i live in the worst region of hungary, 
  you are right, 
  russia has nothing to do with hungary and romania relation, 
  no way, 
  well then not really , usually people scared from gypsies so, 
  the memories :d happens to everyone, 
  what do you mean ? 
  racist jokes or something serious ? 
  thats not a good idea, 
  ukraine in eu ? 
  nato ? 
  wo n't happen any time soon , ukraines economy are the worst in europe atm and its too dependent russia and do n't even talk about other things, 
  its not only villages sadly , it 's seems like everyone will live in budapest, 
  austrians are the worst, 
  what considered western looking ? 
  76 % would n't want a skinhead to live in his/her neighbourhood , i guess hungarians does n't like anyone that different from them, 
  well i live there so only that . if someone can translate the poll it would be good though, 
  if you read the actual poll its not that shocking ( atleast for me ), 
  definitely, 
  no one can afford solar collectors here anyway, 
  they have good reasons for it ( disputed territories ), 
  yeah its bullshit , he probably read the article on index about teachers wo n't let their students attend on some event, 
  hated by almost all neighbours ? 
  you mean romania and slovakia . 
  wikipedia, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i mean i think romanian is n't the second largest nationality in hungary they just count ethnic hungarians witohut hungarian citizenship as a romanian . 
  go defensive instantly, 
  in hungary they are the second largest for sure, 
  so why there is no gypsie flag ? 
  to be fair our '' romanians '' are probably hungarian, 
  i 'd drink my coffe first for sure !, 
  my friends hate it too , but i like it for some reason :d, 
  but what 's the point of the video ? 
  honestly everyone would look weird at you everywhere if you wear your folk or traditional costume, 
  its not a hijab . 
  orban just scared from a referendum . 
  and you are on a list, 
  everything is called a selfie nowadays, 
  oh i totally forgot about this event , it felt no one really cared about those killings, 
  hungarian socialist party ruled before fidesz ( 2002-2010 ), 
  slovak-hungarian relations were worse when mszp ruled in my opinion, 
  well we do n't have that much muslims and most of them are middle class people , doctors , entrepreneurs etc. 
  aegean sea is just as clear + sand, 
  one crazy woman said it and you jump into conclusions lol, 
  what attempts ? 
  ohh he support hungarian minority in transylvania such an evil person, 
  jobbik lite is something like fidesz, 
  acces to danube is pretty important for slovakia i guess the whole treaty was about economic advantages and not only about separating hungarians from others, 
  austria wo n't join v4 ever . 
  well its really affordable and for students that want to party and go to the beach its really good . 
  it was a good holiday for me atleast, 
  this is gold !!!, 
  i do n't think we are that stupid, 
  they need those little islands so they control most of the aegan that way, 
  and we have many '' illegal '' streaming sites like moovie onlinewebfilmek etc, 
  thing like this does n't show anything about a country 's culture, 
  does n't matter healthcare in hungary will be dead in 5 years anyway, 
  german from 10 enlish from 13, 
  we have this joke about our neighbours too, 
  what a brave man to drive there, 
  what a horrible place, 
  it 's no that bad actually, 
  pure bros or they do n't recognize it because it would make them hypocrite, 
  300 man protest about a statue in hungary can be news nowadays lol, 
  never forget 1954 group stages, 
  never heard about that, 
  it 's part of kosice isnt it ? 
  yeah thats what unemployed means you still can be economically inactive, 
  i never had problem speaking hungarian in slovakia so its pretty good, 
  well everyone can vote for other good parties , like ... 
  good to be a barbar, 
  usually gypsies named olah here, 
  well slovaks fought too so why not . 
  not in the near future, 
  our gypsies did that easily, 
  cheapest way to get drunk :d, 
  how deluded russians can be, 
  well last time i heard a scottish joke was 10 years ago , i do n't think its that popular nowadays, 
  this map make no sense, 
  well the topic is about hungary so . 
  not really true, 
  eu really ? 
  many albanians own bakeries in hungary so its a stereotype here , i thought more countries have the same stereotype about albanians, 
  no one calls you bakers ? 
  7,146 from kosovo wtf how many kosovar lives in germany ? 
  not too many people cares about what is happend to crimea , and putin and orban are big corrupt buddies, 
  germany lost the war that 's all , allies did so much horrible thing too, 
  we should deport them to libya, 
  you are not forced to give money to beggars they are still annoying, 
  they are like beggars , when they can pay for bus or train , just do that . 
  if someone genuinely needs help i can understand . . 
   hitchhikers all of them are annoying, 
  there is so much `` news '' about hungary lately . 
  poor brown people, 
  go paris or la !, 
  shit, 
  this is true for every nation, 
  no we came from space thousands years ago with galactica,
