  what are they going to do ? 
  shoot you in the street ? 
  the days where they could get away with that are over ( at least for now ) . 
  look at the history of the countries that are doing okay , corruption-wise . 
  you 'll see a history of protest and normal people fighting back against being fucked over . 
  what makes hungary special that this wo n't work ? 
  i dunno , sorry for the rant . 
  i dont want to be patronizing . 
  i just cant understand why you guys let them get away with it . 
  corruption is everywhere , but do you feel they at least help you too ? 
  if you think it is futile , you do n't really care that much . 
  anyway , good luck with all that . 
  there are degrees in corruption . 
  if they help me before helping themselves i have less of an issue with it . 
  but with apathy they wo n't even bother to help you . 
  why would they ? 
  you do n't care , why should they ? 
  i mean , i guess cynicism is a good position too . 
  in the end he is right . 
  apathy is the reason why these politicians are all corrupt . 
  they can easily get away with , so why would n't they ? 
  that 's prison politics . 
  he is making orban his bitch in public and orban swallows it . 
  cheap liquor too . 
  and always thought the math curve was a loan word from english . 
  curve dutch ? 
  we call it bocht . 
  makes it harder to experiment on a national level , though ,, 
  yup , my second favorite city after utrecht . 
  only dutch city with a skyline in any case . 
  also less than 1000 people who live on the island . 
  if there are 500 eligible voters you 'd need 150 ` outsiders ' for 130 % turnout . 
  if this is an indication for voter fraud , it is frigging ineffective . 
  not a middle finger to geert wilders , because he has 4 more seats than last time , but overall it shows that the majority of nl are n't really waiting for someone like him . 
  also , it 's been mostly pro-eu who have gotten the votes , so his aspirations for nexit do n't seem wanted by the majority . 
  very pro-europe and pro-eu . 
  the island has a population of a little less than a 1000 people ( so even less voters ) so even if there 's voter fraud , it would be really ineffective lol, 
  their youth is a lot more on the left than the main party . 
  the pvda is more central left these last couple decades . 
  if you want socialism , you have to look at the sp . 
  pvda is more '' links lullen , rechts vullen '' . 
  how so ? 
  pvda socialists ? 
  laughing my fucking ass off . 
  they 're being punished for being too right . 
   let 's not let the fact that the warriors blew a 3-1 lead distract you [ mfw ] ( https://i.imgur.com/w4grjxr.gifv ), 
  ah , the dutch amish , aka limburgers . 
  do n't underestimate the very strong nimby mentality when it comes to things like wind energy farms and such . 
  yep, 
  he used quotes and arguments to substantiate his stance . 
  you just used an obnoxious emoji . 
  he might be wrong , but you are completely going the wrong way to disprove him . 
  sure , if it 's amateur hour . 
  otherwise alive . 
  honestly , if i was part of his target audience , i would be offended . 
  does it mean he think im too dumb to learn about his platform and policies ? 
  or does he just expect an empty check ? 
  it 's very easy for him . 
  no plans means no basis to hold him accountable on . 
  what plans ? 
  the `` enz . '', 
  part ? 
  anyway : https://decorrespondent.nl/6208/de-pvv-is-economisch-helemaal-niet-links-integendeel/373481344192-92be8b24, 
  maybe if we become mole people . 
  because divide and conquer . 
  you think the lack or sovereignity is bad in the eu ? 
  just wait until all those small countries stand alone . 
  my country has a bargaining position now . 
  without the eu , the us , russia or china can put whatever trade deal in front of us and say `` take it or leave it '' . 
  let 's make such statements once the uk actually left . 
  doubt there are many sceptics if we are number one . 
  it would in any case disqualify the person making that argument against him . 
  more like 60-70 . 
  take that , spaniards !, 
  grand duchy of brabant when ?? 
  wait what ? 
  after all the `` clinton is a warmonger for wanting to placw a no fly zone in syria '' ... ah well , i 'm * sure * that trump supporters all vocally disagree . 
  but the question is if we want our representatives to base decisions on shoddy information and whatever the people feel . 
  i 'm all for listening to all europeans , but when it comes to decision making and policy , i rather see it based on fact than assumption . 
   the first threat , an external one , is related to the new geopolitical situation in the world and around europe . 
  an increasingly , let us call it , assertive china , especially on the seas , russia 's aggressive policy towards ukraine and its neighbours , wars , terror and anarchy in the middle east and in africa , with radical islam playing a major role , as well as worrying declarations by the new american administration all make our future highly unpredictable . 
  given this context , it is heavily implied . 
  http://www.foodispower.org/slavery-chocolate/ that 's why you buy tony 's chocolonely , 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporate_tax_in_the_netherlands https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_sandwich https://www.socialeurope.eu/2016/01/what-europe-needs-to-know-about-the-dutch-tax-haven/ http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/12/the-netherlands-is-third-in-oxfams-tax-haven-league/ should i go on ? 
  we 're not talking about taxes for `` normal '' companies and people , 
  \\  lives in the netherlands \\  whistles inconspicuously yeah youre right , it never works !, 
  the icon is a burning city ... 
  no it would n't . 
  yeah , good point . 
  i just checked , and it applied only to married women ( which in reality was still most women ) . 
  and i think the idea is that an unmarried woman is responsible for herself but a married woman is the responsibility of her husband . 
  women were seen as not ( mentally ) fit to make these kind of choices . 
  the law is similair to the financial restrictions for children . 
  yep , even though our populist politicians love to slag on the `` drinking tea '' approach , it seems effective . 
  once a young person is showing signs of radicalization , others usually turn them in and he gets the help he needs . 
  like he said , it is likely . 
  that does n't mean you do n't have to wait for confirmation . 
  earlier this year there was an attack in germany too , people were adamant it was islamic terrorism , until it turned out it was n't . 
  there is no harm in waiting for the facts , but there is harm in pushing a narrative when the details are far from clear . 
  it refers to an extra edition of a newspaper after a particularly important event .
