  realistically we know if that happens , greece will still be carrying the heaviest burden and will probably not be able to house these people . 
  it 's not just about , it 's about the whole infrastructure to support a fast growth in population . 
  when it 's spread across europe , it goes a lot more smoothly . 
  this idea of throwing money at it to make it go away is just unrealistic . 
   that does not mean that refugees should be given jobs and freedom of movement . 
  not unless you want to follow the decleration of human rights , no . 
  ( art. 13 ) . 
  one of the mistakes made in the past is the complete lack of integration among refugees . 
  while it is true that the majority of the refugees simply return when it 's safe , some will stay . 
  i think it 's a good thing to work on integration asap , it means our government learned from past mistakes . 
  not really seeing the complaints in the articles lol, 
  first of all , you were talking about ` muslim genes ' , and anyway , if north-african genes were the cause for the large amount of violence , the same should apply to spain and portugal , because the levels are higher there than in latin america and i do n't believe spain and portugal are more violent than other european countries . 
  your source even says that muslims were prohibited to settle in spanish america , and even though these laws were not fully enforced , they were still enforced to some degree . 
  but sure , muslim genes , let 's go with that instead of wide-spread corruption , multiple dictatorships , powerful cartels and immense social inequality . 
  you might want to brush up on your history . 
  they were pretty damn catholic back then , which is why all of latin america is die-hard catholic today . 
  i think the high prevelance of drug crime and major social inequalities are a bigger factor than ` muslim genes ' lol, 
  til , but i know very little about greenland . 
  latin america are the countries where spanish , portugese and french is spoken . 
  is greenland really that violent ( and latin american ) ? 
  except the partygoers were already arriving en masse before any invitation was sent . 
  this analogy is just bad . 
  edit : oh , okay , i guess lampedusa and such was just a hoax . 
  very few immigrants actually came before the ` invitation ' , how silly of me to suggest otherwise . 
  okay , now you 're just spamming , 
   i 'm really , really , really , really not interested in debating ftfy , because i have n't talked about terminology in the last couple posts . 
  yeah , i complain , so what ? 
  i asked you for a simple source , which you seemingly ca n't give and insta-downvote me when i 'm not biting . 
  makes you seem like someone who ca n't handle an argument . 
  and complaining about downvotes is hardly childish . 
  it 's more petty . 
  still not as bad as trying to avoid showing a source , 
  show me a source to back up your claim instead of downvoting like a coward . 
  jesus , this is childish and yes , in fact you implied all of them :  the paris attackers came back to europe as refugees this is what you said . 
  not some . 
  the paris attackers . 
  why even make that comment then if you 're just gon na back out when someone critisizes you for it ? 
  that confirms that they are jihadists . 
  does not make them refugees , though . 
  any source on them all being * refugees * ? 
   social liberal is not exactly left . 
  more center , center left at the very best . 
  when i think of left parties , i think of socialist parties , not liberals ( who are usually on the right side of the political spectrum . ), 
  liberalism in itself is right ( little government , many freedoms for business etc ) , social liberalism is just a little less right . 
  d66 is center . 
  not really left if you look at their actual policies . 
  who cares about the many americans ? 
  really , that 's just a silly argument . 
  it 's not about debating terminology , it 's about the weird use of a `` as a x '' argument, 
  yes of course , but we 're in a european sub now and he has a irish flair , 
  yeah but the `` as a x '' argument is just weird when you claim to be a left liberal especially in europe where liberalism is associated with the right wing . 
  edit : as a right wing socialist , you guys have no idea what liberalism means . 
  all of them ? 
  source ? 
   liberal lefty so you 're left of center ? 
  liberalism isnt a leftist ideology . 
  a fact , per the dictionay definition , is true . 
  if a fact is proven to be untrue , it ceases to be a fact . 
  it really is n't that hard . 
   unless they happened to be true . 
  then they become facts , yes . 
  but until theb they 're not even close to a fact . 
  look , the thing is , when you say things like ` facts can be wrong ' , you are missing the point entirely . 
  a fact is a concept or idea that has proven to be true . 
  it supported , it has a grounding in real life . 
  but when you are going to start taking rumors at face value , especially from an unreliable source as a politician , you 're not even dealing with crappy evidence , but no evidence at all . 
  you 're just taking the word from someone who benifits entirely from you believing him , because it will get his party votes . 
  but it holds as much water as me saying `` it never happened '' . 
  less even , because i do n't need any evidence to support my claim . 
  no , they are not . 
  evidence consists of facts , rumors ( or hearsay ) are the opposite of facts . 
  it 's no surprise they 're , for example , not admissable in court . 
  you 're stretching the definition of evidence to very weird places now . 
   evidence \u02c8\u025bv\u026ad ( \u0259 ) ns noun 1 . the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid . 
  your definition would include rumors . 
  you 're really displaying mental gymnastics by talking about subjective emotions as ` surprise ' . 
  yeah , well , i 'd trust my wife because i ca n't think of her having any ulterior motive to bend the truth . 
  not so with a politician . 
  one of the duties of anyone in a democratic society is to scrutinize everything politicians say and not take it at face value . 
   this politician saying that muslims were dancing and celebrating the brussels attacks decreases the amount of surprise one would have if they in fact found out from other sources that this is true . 
  thus it is evidence . 
  whether it 's powerful or good evidence is a different discussion . 
  so , uhm , this evidence because it might be true if actual evidence surfaces ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
   the new flemish alliance ( dutch : nieuw-vlaamse alliantie , n-va ) [ 4 ] is a centre-right flemish nationalist [ 5 ] and conservative [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] political party in belgium , founded in 2001 . 
  [ 9 ] it is a regionalist [ 10 ] [ 11 ] and separatist [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] movement that self-identifies with the promotion of civic nationalism . 
  [ 16 ] as per wikipedia . 
  do n't compare the european political spectrum to the american one , it does not work and it 's silly . 
  almost every party in the eu is to the left of the democrats . 
  it is comparing apples with oranges , that 's why you compare them with parties in belgium and western europe as a whole . 
  maybe you do n't like the terms , but it is how they see themselves . 
  it 's not evidence . 
  it 's a statement backed by zilch . 
  and if it happened a lot , why are there no videos ? 
  i disagree , when you make claims you still need * some * evidence . 
  the word of ( especially ) a politician is not enough , in my opinion . 
  yes , are those facts mutually exclusive or something ? 
  or do you think a right nationalistic populist party is somehow unelectable ? 
  you call it name-calling , but i 'm sure the party describes themselves as such . 
  but he is a politician , their motives are pure !!,
