  but it was a rebuttal to the pakistani kids who joked about it . 
  it wasnt a muslim thing per se , more a young and dumb thing . 
  i love how on the internet we scrutinize everything and say `` pics or it didnt happen '' for the most mundane things . 
  but when a * politician * from a right wing , nationalistic populist party makes a claim without evidence , it is taken at face value . 
  you might be unclear then , because  you had a lousy upbringing and it made you into a shitty person with warped values , i do n't know how to read that in another way . 
  yeah , you missed the context . 
  read it , the fellow dutch dude commented how he and his friends joked about it , and people called him crazy and questioned his upbringing . 
  9/11 was horrible , and it was a tragedy but it is n't immune to jokes . 
  i wouldnt joke about it to my so who is born and raised in nyc , nor any of her friends , but i sure made a joke or two to a good friend who was born on sept 11 , so 2001 was an awkward celebration for him anyway . 
  jokes can break the ice . 
  anyway , i 've seen so many people on this site joke about the death of people , yet when someone say something it 's always `` oh theyre just jokes '' . 
  somehow 9/11 is different and untouchable . 
  oftentimes it 's a dozen or more people celebrating and people remember that as thousands and even festivals . 
  what if they take the train ? 
  yeah , but i dont trust the wallonians either . 
  i do n't know , i 've never trusted those luxembourgers myself . 
  yeah , but they use an example about somalians in nl to support their point . 
  context makes it all less alarmist , though . 
   cities in your own country have already begun experimenting with basic income yes , a city . 
  and it 's a small-scale experiment , not a city-wide experiment . 
  and millions of third worlders ? 
  sound like scaremongering , because my country sure as hell is n't taking that many non-western foreigners in . 
  not even one hundred thousand , let alone ` millions ' . 
   but the vast majority of them do n't even do that . 
  how do you expect them to take any of these menial jobs when they ca n't even speak the language ? 
  do you have any source to back this up ? 
  because times are sure as hell not that dire . 
  are you talking about the refugees who came in the past year ? 
  no shit , but they are forced to learn the language the moment they find out they can stay here , so in another year many * will * speak dutch . 
  this is not our first rodeo , we 've had a large amount of refugees in our country before . 
  and always we have people like you who say `` that 's it , it 's the end '' , when it 's really not that bad . 
   what happens when automation does replace a significant portion of the population ? 
  send them back ? 
  does n't really matter then , right ? 
  there will be basic income for everyone per your own words . 
   most of the non-eu migrants in the west are n't very well integrated as is again , most ? 
  do you live on the eu , because this is simply not right . 
  most * are * integrated , it 's the minority who have trouble with the language and culture and yes , we should find a way to address this . 
  but as of now we ca n't complain . 
  this year my government is closing down a couple prisons because they ca n't justify the cost . 
  crime just keeps going down . 
  but if i have to believe reddit , europe is just a barren wasteland of arabic marauders raping and pillaging everything they see and not contributing a thing . 
  what is then ? 
  yes , future . 
  the problems i 'm talking are about to arise within the decade , and i highly doubt we 'll see basic income ( and the world you envision ) within two decades . 
  until then we still need cleaners , carpenters , garbage men etc. , we still need people to pay into a pension scheme , we still need people to take care of the elderly ( those current robots are cool toys , but the scale we 're talking about ... 
  it 'll take a lot of time , resources and money before we get there ) ... 
  anyway , it 's always better to spread your chances instead of betting on robotics to fulfill all our needs when the potential problems are so close by . 
  i know it 's easy to gloomfully see it as ` detrimental ' , but the fact remains that the majority of immigrants do work and do pay taxes and do into a pension scheme . 
  i do n't see why it 's any different now . 
  the problem is n't necessarily that people are n't working or that youths ca n't get work , the problem is that the demographics are shifting and there will be a lower ratio of workers per retiree . 
  once these boomers have their pension , the job market clears up and young people will find better jobs , but the demographical imbalance does n't go away . 
   so what exactly does germany need millions of uneducated third world immigrants for ? 
  the main problem western european countries are facing is the huge group of the baby boomers ( born in the 50 's and 60 's ) who are approaching pension age . 
  20.000 somalians are n't really putting a dent in the dutch social system . 
  verbiage * is * a tactic and annoying to boot . 
  looks more like someone avoiding a ban by using a new account . 
  like you said , nothing said justifies a ban . 
  much worse has been said in those threads , so i highly doubt this was done to remove dissent . 
  nope , i could have told them that in advance . 
  oh go away if you 're gon na lie . 
  jesus christ , there are loud arguments on every damn subject . 
  they remove your comments when you attack people personally or when youre posting racist stuff , yes . 
  but they certaiy wont remove comments of people against the agreement . 
  at least show some evidence . 
  my evidence are the heated arguments on every damn topic . 
  because that was not the subject of the referendum . 
  you 're right that its their right but they definitely gave an answer to a different question than the one on the paper . 
  yeah , but the money we 'd spend on ukraine would be fixed . 
  now it will just go somewhere else . 
  this agreement would n't have changed anything in out lives . 
   the government is to blame if all else fails ... 
   for the record , i do n't blame anyone and think that not showing up was a valid strategy . 
  i do . 
  they gambled with their vote . 
  i think it was a huge mistake to do that and it shows a lack of respect to the democratic process . 
  and this coming from someone who thought this referendum was a farce . 
  we 've had discussions for months , no-voters were upvoted when they brought a good argument and same for the yes-voter . 
  but yeah , definitely an echo chamber . 
  i think to you anything is an echo chamber when the leading opinion is different from yours . 
  aka anything left of me is extreme . 
  a good portion probably didnt care about ukraine , jan roos even said he did n't . 
  but sure , make easy snide remarks and do n't actually look at the reality of the situation . 
  on of the organizers said he didnt care about ukraine and just used this agreement to protest the current gov and the eu . 
  but sure , all the no voters are geo-political experts and that sentiment wasnt shared . 
  gim me a break . 
   the schengen zone was the laughing stock of the entire world do you actually believe that ? 
  eh , we 're going to pay anyway . 
  the money goes to the eu and the eu will spend it on something else if not ukraine . 
  and risk ? 
  is that a real argument ? 
  the 17th million dutch person was born a couple weeks ago :p, 
  that 's the conspiracy . 
  israel is actually an empty desert . 
  there is a lot to be said about the 30 % voter mark . 
  the fact it makes these tactics possible is just plain wrong . 
  and we want those eastern european countries to be wealthy so we can profit from export . 
  i wasnt insulted personally , just a bit of banter , 
  of course . 
  inebriation builds comradery .
