  what ? 
  you 're comparing a neurlogical quirk with someone literally passing judgement on a woman for not having children . 
  these mental gymnastics are really something . 
  it was n't intentional , though . 
  yes , because in any situation only one person can be wrong / s, 
  the argument ` she has no children therefore there is somehthing wrong ' is very clear sexism . 
  no one is taking a bite of this hamburger , it 's being shoved down our throats . 
  thats not the point and you know it . 
  what a rubbish way to undermine a woman 's authority . 
  ` she doesnt want kids , must be something wrong with her ' is beyond unfair , baseless and mean-spirited . 
  why does a woman need a child ? 
  not at all what he 's saying , but okay . 
  they 're ` retarded ' because people from western and asian countries have skills that can compete with with skilled workers within our borders . 
  when people talk about more people for the job market , it 's usually about unskilled , simple work . 
  the jobs available are usually the ones that need little skill . 
  cleaners and field workers for example . 
  most teenagers want something better . 
   there 's literally no job you can get if you ca n't speak with people , except perhaps a government job created specifically for people in your situation . 
  a lot of farmers would disagree . 
  there are many greenhouses and fields that needs people to harvest . 
  our current situation shows you do n't need people who speak the language for that . 
  just one who can act as an interpertor if need be . 
  a lot of native people do n't want to do this work anyway . 
   everybody who was urging caution was met with yells of `` racist '' and `` islamophobe '' . 
  by the guardian ? 
  arw you serious ? 
  cities often buy art from artists , regardless of where they are from . 
  they simply want good contemporary art . 
  as always , it 's much ado about nothing . 
  yeah , this kind of diplomacy is as old as states . 
  wow , you do n't acknowledge his counter-argument ( that you read it wrong ) , yet have the gal to say people `` argue far over their intellectual level '' . 
  use my tax money instead then . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  oh , how i wish the ( news ) media was so simple . 
  facts are objective , how you choose to report those facts certainly is n't . 
  yes , easy to say when living in canada . 
  i though so too , but then russian jets flew through dutch air space a couple years ago to intimidate us , and i reconsidered . 
  then crimea happened . 
  hah , no . 
  it 's clever . 
  well , yes . 
  it makes you a citizen of malta , then . 
  no , that 's part of enabling them in this behavior . 
  where are the cops when they beg ? 
  i saw it in italy this summer . 
  cops ignore them , and you wonder why they do it . 
  why isnt it enforced when they do n't send their children to school ? 
  in my country there are gypsie communities and this shit is simply not allowed because it is enforced . 
  and on top of that , we had a significant traveller population ( not just gypsies ) prior to 1918 until it was forbidden to just travel around and set up their camp anywheres . 
  and it was enforced . 
  if you ignore these people , build a literal fence around them , allow them and their children to live in shit conditions and put them outside of society , do n't be surprised they wo n't change and stay in this cycle of poverty and rejection of your culture . 
  does it make him an immigrant , then ? 
  why the hell are you acting like european culture is some kind of homogeneous concept ? 
  all these reasons are really arbitrary . 
  just because they developed as a parallel society , they did so in europe and are therefore part of european culture and folklore . 
  yeah , no . 
  they europeans in the 8th century are nowhere close in values and culture to the europeans of today , or even 500 years ago . 
  gypsies are part of european culture . 
  you need to deny facts to a delusional degree to think otherwise . 
  gypsies have been here since the 8th century . 
  you havent explained why their culture and traditions make them non-european while theyve been here longer than many countries exist . 
  less kneejerk . 
  it 's obvious im talking about europe and european countries . 
  did you really think i held op responsible for the treatment of gypsies in more than 1000 years ? 
  really ? 
  all im blaming him for is perpetuatig the mentality that europeans are non-european while the facts are not in his favor . 
  gypsies have been in europe since the early middle ages . 
  they 're just as european as anything else here . 
  fact is that your rigorous `` they still act nothing like europeans '' only justifies the populistic approach of blaming them for everything while not taking any responsibility of these people who live on your soil and have done so for a millenium . 
  i get that gypsies have a part in their problems too , but holy shit is your mentality not the biggest cause as to why they feel systematically pushed in the `` other '' bin . 
  doubt he just immigrated since he was a soldier in the belgian military until 2009 . 
  how are you sure he was n't born in belgium ? 
  so hands off approach is best ? 
  look away from the fact that he is a belgian citizen ? 
  no need for quotation marks . 
  why are you using them ? 
  if someone is a citizen of belgium , he is belgian . 
  that 's a very persuasive argument . 
  no much more . 
  you 're calculating on a yearly basis , but the 136 mil . 
  was a ( supposedly ) saved weekly . 
  unless these professionals earn 25k a week , good on them then lol . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  how is that going to change after brexit ? 
  that 's more a fault in the laws of britain . 
  yeah , the british people are sick of experts anyway . 
  well , you did n't piss them off much , so you ca n't even do that right . 
  and we have a name for people who wear armor to a fistfight : mietjes . 
  did n't know i represented the netherlands . 
  cool . 
  you are banished . 
  btw , i think both sports are boring . 
  i rather watch k1 if i want to see people fight . 
  theyre much better at it . 
  it 's more civilized . 
  people are n't fighting on the field . 
  honestly , only reason it is popular here is because our national teams kick ass . 
  other than that it 's not that exciting no . 
  no , because they would n't be painted . 
  honestly , there is no reason to not visit it now .
