  the study explains it as a lower focus on education in poor , white families as a possible reason why they perform worse than their peers . 
  now explain how this is the left 's fault , please . 
  no i 'm a white straigh male who rolls his eyes whenever other men say `` the left is attacking us all the time '' . 
  and you guys eat it up . 
  you 're worse than tumblrinas . 
  and tbh , / r/europe 's opinion is shitty anyway , so you better find a better insult . 
  stay triggered tho , lol . 
  btw , you call me out for being insulting , of which im guilty . 
  seems you like to have a higher standard . 
  yet i dont see you crying when someone calls the politican in the article a cunt . 
  hmz . 
  that is strange . 
  that is strange indeed . 
  what 's that ? 
  you are only offended when you are the subject . 
  being called a whiney drama queen is worse than being a cunt . 
  ok . ok i get it now . 
  lol . 
  research ? 
  no , i laid out bait , people jumped on it like flies on a turd . 
  no research needed for this haha . 
  proof is in the pudding . 
  also , lol at calling people names . 
  wow , easily offended much ? 
  jesus christ , grow a pair . 
  are you mad because you are he subject this time ? 
  edit : . 
  yes . 
  yes you are . 
  ah well , i showed that straight white men are easily offended , i guess . 
  no , they 're being called drama queens for saying white men are attacked all the time . 
  pay attention please and do n't be so angry . 
  what ? 
  i ca n't call another man a whiney drama queen ? 
  is this a safe space all of a sudden ? 
  sure , consider me the enemy  if it 's so easy to become your enemy , i 'm not wrong in calling you whiney and a drama queen . 
  thank you for proving my point , i 'll just stop before i 'll offend you and make you feel attacked or whatever . 
  yes . 
  he is the queen of making drama , as is everyone who says `` white straigh men are constantly attacked '' . 
  its not an argument . 
  it 's a whine . 
  calling you a whiner is n't an argument , but it 's normal here to mistake insults for arguments , true . 
  every source calls this an unprecedented crime , but sure , this is just ingrained in their culture . 
  nice generalizations though . 
  not on / r/europe we do n't . 
  here it 's okay to make generalization of the other group . 
   as a * white , straight male * the left have attacked me no end are you sure ? 
  you sound like a drama queen to me . 
  edit : itt whiney white men :(, 
  it 's sad when facts are downvoted . 
  50-60 is bad enough as it is , and falls more realistically in line with the amount of reported incidents . 
  i do n't get why people feel the need to say that there were a 1000 men doing the criminal behaviour . 
  oh jesus , just ignore actual statistics and just go with your gut . 
  that makes you rational  your statements have no foundation , please do not think otherwise . 
  you 're just fearmongering . 
  you really have no idea how to read these numbers , do you ? 
  dude , are you serious ? 
  you are interperting those numbers very wrongly . 
  you really do n't think people withing african do not move to other african countries ? 
  you do n't think those number do n't include europeans wanting to move within europe , to asia , the us , south america ? 
  or the same for asians and americans ? 
  do they all want to go to europe ? 
  i mean , you are not dumb , please , actually consider what these numbers are about . 
  you are making wild conclusions on numbers you clearly do not understand . 
  you are overestimating the amount of syrians who come to europe , and that is a feat in itself seeing as the situation is bad . 
  not 700 million bad . 
  https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/vid_global_migration_datasheet_web-gimp3_colorcorrected.jpeg?quality=80&amp;strip=all&amp;w=1600 source http://m.sciencemag.org/content/343/6178/1520.abstract?ijkey=ypit4%2fxi7wo4m&amp;keytype=ref&amp;siteid=sci, 
  yes , but read the source . 
  700 million people would want to move to another country - any country . 
  does n't say to europe . 
  the number was way off . 
  and now you are saying it 's `` most likely increasing '' ? 
  lmao , you must be joking , right ? 
   anything possible will happen , given enough time . 
  yes , but let 's stay realistic instead of shouting gross exaggerations . 
  you said two billion people would want to move to europe - more than twice the amount of people in the world who want to immigrate to any other country . 
  not just to europe . 
  the africans from you stats also migrate within africa . 
  i doubt it . 
  it is physically impossible . 
  i mean , first of all , what do polls have to do with it ? 
  you ca n't measure this with polls and second , just think for a moment ... 2 billion is a awful lot . 
  like extremely so . 
  like this amount of people has never ever moved in the history of mankind . 
  sounds like a fantasy and it most likely is . 
  i think you misread . 
  unless you can find the source , i 'm sorry to say but i 'm going to say it 's bullshit . 
  it 's a ludicrously high number . 
  edit : or do you might mean that the `` third world '' consists of two billion people ? 
  because now you are saying two billion people from the third world want to move to europe . 
  yes , but that 's not sexy enough for / r/europe . 
  we want end of the world scenarios , damn it !!, 
   2 billion million , you mean . 
  i doubt that 28 % of the * global * population is planning to move here . 
  edit : i find it worrying that people actually think this is a realistic number ... 
  yeah , but after 50 years under communism , these eastern european were as strange to the westerners as the immigrants are now . 
  his point still stands . 
  and somehow they think it 's okay for greece to deal with this , while endlessly complaing about refugees in their own countries . 
  the 30 's are a potentially exciting decade . 
  nasa also is planning a mars landing then .
