  where in europe do you live ? 
  behavior that is apparently already present , see breivik , dresden a couple weeks ago , sweden yesterday and the m\u00e4lmo shootings , to name a few . 
  maybe , just maybe these actions are n't easily tied to a broadly held ideology . 
  maybe the actions we speak of now ( not the ones in conflict zones , but the ones in europe ) are the result of twisted ideologies held by few people . 
  a violent minority . 
  nah , i think anyone who silences someone making a civil argument is scum . 
  civil is important , though . 
  also , do you really find it surprising that those attacks in your link are mostly in conflict zones ? 
  like almost all of them . 
  yes , i 've only seen those websites , and they only cite a single officer . 
  i rather read serious news , that backs up their statements instead of making wild conclusion from thin evidence . 
  but yeah , you cant post the stats because of a conspiracy . 
  got it , 
  sweden does n't either . 
  stop believing in these hoaxes . 
  i ca n't find a proper source to support it , only websites with a strong anti-islam bias . 
  i 'm not talking about murdering kids . 
  you seem to act that the actions of antifa excuses the actions of hooligans capturing the public debate . 
  at least , you imply it when you say `` you dont get to complain '' . 
  and lol are you serious ? 
  this par for the course whenever somehing happens . 
  first it starts wih ` religion of peace amirite ' and then the comments come how great it is that the left ` enriched our cultures ' and dumb shit like that . 
  evey damn time . 
  oh yeah , because two wrongs make a right . 
  do we ? 
  ( not really ), 
  thats not what i meant . 
  i asked , why bring the murder up , if you are not using the same logic ? 
  why bring it up then ? 
  because freedom of movement is a human right, 
  muslim areas , you say like it 's a widespread problem . 
  usually it 's one or two streets in a country . 
  usually it doesnt happen at all . 
  some media love to jump on it and act like this area is a whole neighbourhood . 
  we have frank and open conversations in nl . 
  it has only lead to hooligans intimidating anyone who speaks * for * accepting the refugee and saying things like `` i hope they 'll rape your daughter !! ', 
  politicians present do not speak out against this undemocratic behavior , which , in my eyes , only validates it . 
  that is also a form of political correctness . 
  i can see something like this happening here in my country too , and people will say the same . 
  `` no one listened to them . 
  its not their fault . '', 
  youre using the exact same logic . 
  not the bible , but i was a communist talking about revolution at the age of 16 . 
  grew out of it , though . 
  we all enjoy our power fantasies at that age . 
  first of all , galatians is new testament . 
  second of all , that was n't the question . 
  it was asked where in the bible it said something like that . 
  i showed that it was . 
  i should 've known that someone would try to argue that somehow it 's different . 
  you can go all theological on me , but that does n't change the fact that it 's present in the bible . 
  anyway , from psalms , considered new testament : https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=psalm+137%3a8-9&amp;version=net luke http://biblehub.com/luke/19-27.htm does n't sound very peaceful . 
  matthew https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew+5%3a17&amp;version=net jesus contradicting what you said . 
  romans https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=romans+1%3a31-32&amp;version=kjv just admit that the bible is no different . 
  do ' t use cop-outs like ` yeah but they do n't count ! ', 
  http://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/deuteronomy-13-6_13-11/ http://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/galatians-1-8_1-9/ http://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/2-chronicles-15-13/ some examples, 
  but we live in europe . 
  our countries are too full ( or too small ) to live like that . 
  if you live in shitstain , kentucky , i understand you 're more self-sufficient . 
  but here in europe that type of mentality would only lead to a destruction of our democracy if we 'd accept that behavior . 
  fuck representative democracy ? 
  politics through the barrel of a gun ? 
  sounds like a great world to live in . 
   the civilized approach is n't working , people clearly want to see a reduction of western influence into the middle east and that is clearly not happening , this is their way of responding . 
  i hope you realize how shitty your argument is if we turn it around . 
  moroccon people and fgm ? 
  you really have no idea do you ? 
  lmao , just say a few buzzwords and hope one sticks , 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm just saying nuance is important . 
  yes , but they dont commit much more crime than natives . 
  i think the differences are easily explained through socio-economic reasons , as the historically ( poor ) neighbourhoods now have a lot of moroccan people and other foreigners . 
  not to weird considering small financial crimes are usually contributed to poverty above all else . 
  oh god , remember this whenever there is an islamist who does something . 
  or is it different ? 
  uhm , looking at the numbers they lead he lists when it comes to ` small financial crimes ' . 
  not rape or other sexual crimes . 
  except he used it as a motive . 
  its just too easy to say `` mental illness '' and not look at the hardening of the debate ( and the vandalism and threats ) . 
  it 's very easy to call him mentally ill and absolve him from any kind of ideology . 
  and why is that ? 
  have any source on that ? 
  or is it because of article one in the constution ? 
  let them in , i am thinking you 're a fear monger  you act like this is a coming apocalypse and that it 's the end of civilisation . 
  calm down . 
  thing is , if this was a foreigner , incidents like this ( like the guy who attacked cop ) are used as examples as to why immigration is a bad thing . 
  not going to do the same here to the right , but just something to keep in mind . 
  it 's never as simple as them vs. us . 
  spin it how you want . 
  i 'm sure you 'd ` raise the same questions ' if she was a man  . 
  so all childless politicans are not to be entrusted with the future of a country ? 
  and what about politicans who do have children and still support immigration ? 
  i 'm not , though . 
  oh , i get much more nasty when i 'm pissed off  . 
  i 've made valid arguments and not for the sake of arguing , but because i honestly think it 's a sexist comment ( merkel being a bad leader because lack of children ) . 
  sorry , how does it not make sense ? 
  it is grammatically and syntaxically correct . 
  maybe it 's because your own bullshit argument is confusing you ? 
  ( the neurological quirk is the human brain 's tendency to see faces where they are n't there . 
  jesus on a toast , per your example . ),
