  it 's a website about volunteering . 
  sadly its par for the course these days to exploit these tragedies to make political points . 
  i think it is absolutely disgusting , no matter which ` side ' does it . 
  i hope most can agree that it 's basic human decency to be respectful and at least wait for the facts to come out before framing it politically , if you really have to . 
  they are , but you can still have deep grievances with the government . 
  i 'm more talking about the maluku , btw , who helped the netherlands with promise of an own republic , but the dutch government never delivered . 
  this escalated in the 70s with the simultaneous hostage-taking of an elementary school and train . 
  it was the second train hijacking in our history , the first also being done by maluku terrorists . 
  it 's ironic , because you are from a country where the biggest terrorist attacks were done by asians . 
  except it was n't voluntarily at all . 
  if it was voluntarily i would accept gradual changes , but the dutch government was pretty content with how things were going . 
  just not to the point of wanting to go to war with england over it . 
  we were one of the last countries to abolish it . 
  eh , you act like the dutch left slavery voluntarily . 
  the brits pretty much made us . 
  do you have anything to support these numbers , or is it guesswork ? 
  bad example , ( modern ) zwarte piet has been a stereotypical representation of black people since its inception . 
  hell , the suit he wears now is reminiscent of paintings of child slaves in the 18th century of which owning one ( a child slave , not the painting ) was in fashion among the nobility . 
  jan schenkman wrote the book ` sinterklaas en zijn knecht ' ( ` sinterklaas and his servant ' ) in 1850 , slavery in the dutch colonies was abolished in 1863 . 
  it was n't . 
  jan schenkman wrote the book 13 years before slavery was abolished in the colonies . 
  do you have any evidence of it only being 0.01 % ? 
  because that sounds untrue . 
  and no one wants to ban zp . 
  what even makes you have this idea ? 
  it will just change the way he looks , zwarte piets becomes just piet , but he stays the same character . 
  my point is , with the ` muh culture ' comment , is that the color of zp has no influence on the fest at all and using it as an argument makes our culture look extremely shallow . 
   if anything , zwarte piet serves as a reminder of our colonial past . 
  he is a former slave , freed by saint nicoleas , who chose to stay with him and help give presents to children . 
  him being black is kind of the point . 
  are you sure ? 
  slavery was still a thing when the contemporary story of st nick was invented . 
  zwarte piet is going to change and good riddance . 
  no one is going ti care aside from `` muh culture '' people . 
  if it 's so important for your culture to have a red-lipped , blackface zp , you frankly have a very fucking shallow culture . 
  kids , though ? 
  they wo n't give a crap if zp is black , purple , yellow or orange . 
  and that is all that matters . 
  as long as you 're not gay and/or critical to the gov , sure . 
  you could make a case for iran ( unless you 're something the gov is against , which are many things ) , but iraq and afghanistan safe ? 
  i think you should follow the situation there a whole lot better if you think that is true . 
   gim me a break you sleazy liar , you have n't been there , because i have and i tell you , the looks they give you , it 's not friendly . 
  i was there , too . 
  remember the old man outside who gave you 100 euro for being so brave ? 
  what a time to be alive . 
  no they would n't , but it gives you a strawman to attack , so there 's that . 
  on the other hand , crime has been going down for years now ( even had to close down a couple prisons recently , and for years we 've taken in prisoners from neighbouring countries ) , so that overepresentation is all * very * relative . 
  do n't know about the uk , but in nl the majority of people are in favor of helping . 
  not every christian would agree with that answer . 
   what 's more , christians recognize that the bible is written by men and is therefore imperfect , so they can easily wirte the bad staff off . 
  but a quick glance at google it 's not that simple : https://bible.org/seriespage/4-bible-written-word-god for example . 
   they took the number and said that it is possible . 
  not that it 's happening . 
  people in this thread take it as if it 's happening . 
  not really tho . 
  matthew explicetly says that `` the law '' is still valid and luke even goes as far to say that it 's `` easier for heaven and earth to pass away than for the smallest part of the letter of the law to become invalid '' in christianity the old testament still applies and nothing is negated . 
  almost no one follows it though . 
  i do n't , but i 'm lucky my country has a system where compromise is essential . 
  getting 50 % of the votes has never happened and is very very very unlikely to happen , especially with the large amount of parties we have . 
  and as we all know , populists dont do well with comprimise . 
  i agree to an extend . 
  that 's why i do n't want populists to have real power . 
  they usually suck at their job ( see trump or berlusconi , or yeah , even orban ) . 
  yup , they did produce wilders . 
  and i got to say , i 'm proud of that . 
  i do n't like wilders nor his ideas but we have a system where any idiot , no matter how crazy the ideas he has are , can have influence , as long as his ideas resonate with the people . 
  but it also is a system were , even though wilders is popular , he is not guaranteed influence and power . 
  so a significant minority ca n't force him upon all of us , as was seen with the latest election . 
  everyone has a voice in our system . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  and why wouldnt you travel to a city near you ? 
  you 're young , be a little adventurous . 
  you might even get yourself laid . 
  you 're just justifying laziness . 
  the thing you got to realize is that you are not alone and unique . 
  its not you alone who will make a change . 
  start finding people who are already organized and join . 
  keep an eye out for protest days in the large cities . 
  i mean , if you really care . 
  what do you propose in any case ? 
  you only dismiss . 
  what is the way to go ? 
  shut up , do your work , dont bother anyone and hope they do n't come for you ? 
  that 's how you get someone like orban , not by trusting the system . 
  there 's nothing wrong with trusting the system as long as you do n't trust it unconditionally . 
  or do you want a violent revolution ? 
  look at syria , look at ukraine to see how that will go . 
  or what else ? 
  im not under the illusion that our politicians are n't corrupt . 
  but at the end of the day most of the money goes to the people here , instead of the people being used as voting cattle to keep charismatic , incompetent people in power . 
  you see politics as an external force instead of an organization that you can influence . 
  do n't you think if enough people demanded change , someone would come and take the opportunity ? 
  but if you just sit at home , shrug and only vote . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't know . 
  it might be eastern european mentality . 
  it seems you guys are so used to being screwed over that you do n't realize your voice will be heard in a democracy . 
  ( that 's my outside perspective based on talks with ee people . ), 
  strike , protest , shut the country down . 
  hit the politicians where it really hurts : their wallet .
