  which you knew if you read articles about migrants leaving for europe when they heard merkel 's invitation . 
  show me these articles , because the official numbers do not support that you can blame it solely on merkel . 
  oh wait , i forgot . 
  those numbers were fishy   a second issue is that anyone you drop in poland , hungary , bulgaria , whatever will simply walk over to germany asap . 
  do you have any evidence that this happens ? 
   so to conclude : you accept that the eu fucked up for years , you accept they let the situation fester , and yet you blame hungary for defending its national interest in face of overwhelming ineptitude instead of opting for a national suicide by becoming an overcrowded refugee camp on the side of the eu . 
  nice . 
  i blame hungary for not cooperating , yes . 
  see , how tragic lampedusa in italy or the couple islands in greece are , this was all quite small . 
  what your fault in your reasoning is , is that you equate these cases and act like the eu would treat the crisis in hungary the same as it was treating the italian and greece camps . 
  hungary 's crisis was magnitudes larger , which is why talks were being held . 
  which is why the whole of europe was looking at you . 
  we saw this was very serious and that it would affect all . 
  but , for a national leader to refuse any and all solutions before there were talks , that is a problem . 
  means you are unreliable . 
  you rather shove the problem to your neighbour than deal with it yourself . 
   i really wish upon you a situation like this ; i wonder how you would react when it 's not some preaching over some safe distance . 
  been there , done that . 
  several times . 
  come back when there are a million refugees in front of your border and say this shit then . 
  doubt isis and its ilk have much love for the ottomans :p, 
  yeah , if you just post that without any source , i ca n't do much else than take your word for it . 
  `` this shit '' meaning the panic politics in eastern europe . 
  not really sure what you 're trying to say with that graph . 
  i knew it is and was bad in the mediterranean , and it has been for years . 
  i wish the union as a whole would have stepped up and spread the asylum seekers around more fairly , we wouldnt have this problem now . 
  i 'm not happy with the way our leaders have handled this situation the last 5 years . 
  it 's part of the reason why i dislike blaming merkel for it all . 
  this crisis has been brewing for years , anyone who keeps an eye on the news would have known . 
   a couple of things about your stats . 
  first , there were 400 000 people ( at least ; nobody knows for sure ) in hungary until merkel said she 'd take them all . 
  until then hungary - as it was her international committment - kept them away from moving around in europe ( for which the hungarian nation was called some very bad names , nazis included ) . 
  if no one knows for sure , how did you came by that number ? 
  and they called the treatment of refugees ( by lying to them and taking them somewhere else than they were promised ) as ` reminiscent of europe 's darker past ' . 
  it 's no way to treat people imo , so it 's not a huge surprise that hungary was reminded how it seems if you treat people like cattle that have to be moved around . 
  they were n't called nazis directly tho . 
   these numbers look fishy . 
  perhaps because asylum applications are not the same as the number of migrants . 
  just a thought . 
  asylum applicants are people who have an actual chance of staying ( because they applied for asylum ) . 
  i do n't think there is something fishy with these numbers at all . 
  many migrants coming to europe are denied instantly , but even then it takes time to process them . 
   as is your assumption that merkel 's welcome did not trigger a larger number of people to move . 
  it seems like every other article and even interview i can find disagrees with your assumption the article only says that iraqis are joining the migrant flow , but these people were planning for it for years . 
  the advance of is during the time might have helped more , the second i in isis stands for iraq . 
   you also conveniently forget to touch on the issue i raised about the country of origin ... perhaps this will illustrate my point it does n't , what is your point ? 
  what was the point i conveniently forgot about ? 
   he did what every politician should have done : protected his own people . 
  since you yourself said the eu refused to act in the case of greece and italy , he came to the logical conclusion , and decided to fuck all yes , but right at the moment when the eu were finally were getting up and doing something . 
   and as i said : there is no fault in his thinking . 
  had he not done this , hungary would be exactly in the same position as greece is now . 
  we will , but they sure spent the goodwill they had in the eu . 
   you mean it 's not a sucker they can just dump their problems on ? 
  funnily enough most of europe ( i mean the population ) agrees with him on this one . 
  even a turkish cabdriver told me in germany : you are lucky you have orban . 
  how fucked up this that , hm ? 
  so please tell me this : what else can you do when you see your country is going in the way of greece , other than protect yourself ? 
  should we sacrifice ourselves in the name of solidarity so that your little dutch butt does not get inconvenienced ? 
  my dutch butt was inconvenienced the moment hungary joined . 
  we already pay a lot for the eu . 
  not that i mind , i do n't mind investing in a strong union . 
  and do n't imply the netherlands is n't carrying its load in this crisis . 
  we were carrying loads like these when you country was still part of the sovjet union . 
  hell , we even have a significant group of hungarian migrants ( 1956 ) ( although no one sees the difference anymore ) . 
  so no , no one asks you to sacrifice anything . 
  all anyone asked is help to carry this load . 
  yeah , no , we do n't . 
  i 'm the last to say that there are n't states in the middle east that can be called backwards , but very few ( if any ) are as bad as what happens in the islamic state . 
  ironically maybe the part of syria assad controls . 
  what is exactly wrong with that interview ? 
  and i ca n't find many links with caldwell and the guardian , or any of his `` cambodian genocide-denial articles '' that they published so i 'll have to take your word for it . 
  and i followed your link . 
  aside from some opinion pieces and obituaries , there is little to see . 
  anyway , if this is what makes the guardian a mouthpiece for the red revolution , i 'm not impressed , 
  ill take your word for it . 
  yes , sorry , i meant it was nothing unusual in molenbeek . 
  it 's not normal in my country either , but we do n't have neighbourhoods as sick as molenbeek . 
   sticking refugees in trains and sending them somewhere completely different to where they think they 're going reminds us of the darkest chapter of our continent 's history , '' he said . 
  what orban ordered there was disgusting and this guy had the right to call him out on it . 
  this is not * reasonable * . mind that only the article call orban a nazi . 
  which great caliphate ? 
   this is not a solution . 
  it 's a slogan . 
  it 's like me saying i 've managed to solve the problem of interstellar travel by saying `` we should definitely look into it '' . 
  no practical , pragmatic solutions were put forward , other than `` let 'em come , we 'll take 'em all '' . 
  a solution between different countries isnt easily made . 
  but if i remember correctly , this shit started with hungary and orban publicy being against any solution , even before there were serious talks held . 
  i mean , we are a year further and only now do we have a plan to deal with this crisis . 
  if it was up to orban , he 'd close the borders and let his neighbours deal with it , and that would only feed resentment . 
   this is so untrue it 's not even funny . 
  greece and italy have been struggling with this for a while now , ignored . 
  like how you contradict yourself here . 
   but the the trickle towards europe became a tide right after merkel announced to let them in . 
  check the stats , the amount after merkels statement did not skyrocket , it grew as steadily as the months before . 
  ill try to find the numbers , but in in mobile so i dont wan na lose this text by switching tabs . 
  all eurostat . 
  compared to previous years : http://i.imgur.com/dkhjxaj.jpg compared to the months before ( especially look at total eu ) : http://i.imgur.com/xeapdrg.jpg also , look at asylum applications in hungary before and after merkel made her statement : http://i.imgur.com/6zidrva.jpg  a couple of things . 
  it was the us , uk and france who fucked up said countries . 
  orban has a point about let them deal with it . 
  you break it , you buy it .
