  questioning the good taste of a statue for that kind of person is , hopefully , not the same as erasing someone from history . 
  i can remember the us army pulling down a statue of hussein during the iraq war . 
  does it mean he is erased now ? 
  but ghandi and mandela are n't know for their ( supposed ) racism , but for other deeds . 
  while op on the other hand poses that `` like literally his most famous deed is subjugating a race . '', 
  which still stands . 
  it 's not about all aspects of their lives , it 's about what they 're most famous for / most remembered by . 
  or they are intelligent and they just have a different opinion from yours . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  that 's not duct-tape , that is the kind of tape painters use to cover part of the wall . 
  if it was duct-tape , chances are she 'll take a bit of skin when she removes it lol . 
  because it 's news . 
  the nye attack happened 11 days ago . 
  because the eye of the media is on it now . 
  you ca n't expect the media to be omnipresent , but when they 've taken a whiff they are like bloodhounds . 
  the problem is that the police department downplayed it , at which people decried a global media conspiracy . 
  you cant report what you do n't know , right ? 
  i think we should do both . 
  just like i think we should go after shoplifters and bike stealers , even though people are being murdered and raped . 
  not sure why you have so much difficulty with this concept . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  breaking the law should have consequences . 
  you might see them as just `` mean '' comments , but we both know that it 's not just mean comments . 
  comments that call for violence and hatred are not protected in germany and are against the law . 
  i 'm not patronizing you , i really wonder if you do n't understand . 
  like i said , you are complaininf that the hands arent helping the feet walk . 
  also , this focus on illegal speech on the internet has been going on for a while , so they should just chuck away all effort because of what happened on nye ? 
  talk about kneejerk . 
  whether you like it it or not , there illegal speech in germany . 
  and just like we still prosecute pickpockets , eveb tho there are arned robbers on the streets . 
  if i come across as patronizing , it is because you come across as not understanding how any of his works . 
  your common sense is very unrealistic and even a little irrational . 
  you know what a prosecutor does ? 
  they are not internet thought police . 
  in the article it clearly says that prosecutors and judges deal with the hateful comments . 
  either you are suggesting these people should walk the beat with cops , or maybe it 's unclear to you how this works . 
  they are completely different parts of the justice system . 
  hence me saying  are you the type of person who would say to a traffic cop `` go catch real criminals '' after he fined you for a speeding offense ? 
  you sure sound like one . 
  i am not disagreeing with you that cologne 's police dept was understaffed on nye , but i do wholly disagree with you on your assessment that you can link these two cases . 
  you 're complaining the arm is n't helping the feet walk . 
  you do know that the people who judge these internet comments are from an entirely different department as the people who patrol the streets at new year ? 
  probably even completely different cities . 
  are you the type of person who would say to a traffic cop `` go catch real criminals '' after he fined you for a speeding offense ? 
  you sure sound like one . 
  i think your attempt to make this simplistic causal connection between the two is a lot more pathetic . 
  they 're punishing people who break the law . 
  champ . 
  or do you think we shouldnt punish petty crime and instead focus on the cause for these petty crimes ? 
  i , too , ca n't wait for our ai overlords . 
  dude , read your first sentence . 
  that oozes you being mad . 
  i did nothing to warrent that kind of response , i wasnt hostile , but your first response to me was hostility . 
  what conclusion could i make ? 
  you have n't proven anything by the way . 
  only that a migrant crisis is happening . 
  good job . 
  well done . 
  still doesnt make it in any way , shape or form similair to a medieval battle , let alone a medieval fantasy battle . 
  i was mocking that , and now you 're bend out of shape implying an awful lot about me because i had the goddamn audacity to disagree . 
  i disagree because you talk bullshit . 
  calling someone a `` liberal '' or a `` leftist '' just to dismiss them makes you no different than the people who shut others down by calling them `` racist '' . 
  you 're ruining the dialogue in the exact same way . 
  now take your platitudes and put them in your geyser . 
  oh my , you sound mad . 
  maybe take a walk outside , friend . 
  better for your heart . 
  all this anger is eating you up , it seems . 
  anyway , what do i know . 
  i just live on the continent . 
  no one is denying a migrant crisis . 
  you are the one comparing it to helm 's deep . 
  i am mocking that hysterical comparison . 
  problem was that our pension system was tied to these worthless financial packages . 
  when they vanished ... poof . 
  a lot of money just disappeared . 
  and then we had banks that were in trouble and had to be bailed out , which was very expensive ( ing paid it back , at least ) . 
  plus the vvd with their mantra of bezuinigen , bezuinigen , bezuinigen . 
  times were very dire in ' 07 - ' 08 . 
  maybe someone more knowledgable can chime in , but i can imagine that a unified european response to it helped a lot than if all these countries did their own thing . 
   we ca n't afford proper healthcare for the elderly , we had to privatize everything . 
  had to bailout multiple countries ... and the end is nowhere in sight . 
  silly to blame this on the euro and eu , because this is completely due to the credit crisis . 
  and that had nothing to do with the euro or the eu . 
  same goes for  we 'll have it worse than our parents i honestly think we would be worse off during the crisis if not for the eu . 
  as for everything being more expensive : http://www.telegraaf.nl/dft/geld/consument/article20097369.ece the thing i remember that became immediately expensive were bars . 
  often they just changed the fl to eu . 
  this agreement makes it a lot easier and therefore a lot cheaper . 
  and it 's not without reason that together with belgium and luxembourg we laid the foundation for what is now the eu . 
  it is simlly not true to say our trade has not benifitwd from the eu 's open border policy , because we were there from the very start and profits rose as a result . 
  before ww2 , nl was n't as rich as it is now . 
  mainly through integration with the rest of the eu did we become as prosperous as we are now . 
  as for the visum free travel , it does not make it easier to live here . 
  for starters you 'd need to have a valid id , one that conformd to the rules of the eu . 
  ironically , visun free travel would make it harder to go and stay here . 
  and yes , it 's a country at war . 
  but you would have a point if the eu was actively trying to get ukraine to join the eu , which ( imo ) they are not doing . 
  not now anyway . 
  maybe in a couple decades once things have cooled down . 
  sounds a little alarmist , to be honest .
