  you ca n't be a fairweather friend . 
  depends on who you 're asking . 
  just like today , some were for , some were against . 
  that said , times change . 
  that same mythical grandfather you look up would probably cheer at chemically castrating gays . 
  if you think bombing refugee boats is a solution , i will question your humanity , or at least your basic decency , yes . 
   people were less pissed about the banking crisis and austerity than this . 
  yeah , and that pisses me off more than anything . 
  that was far worst and damaging than this is . 
  that was closer to a fall of western society than this kind of immigration will ever be . 
  just to be clear , this is what i 've seen people argue , that this could have the same effect to western society as the fall of the roman empire was ( which led to very significant societal changes ) . 
  a banking crisis has the power to cause that kind of societal breakdown , these immigrants do not . 
  i thought i smelled something burning , must 've been denmark  . 
  it takes an ungodly amount of time . 
  i mean , if you paid any attention , we knew for years that this was coming . 
  but it 's was n't as hyped up as it is today , so it was n't on the political agenda . 
  that said , i think we can get to a collective agreement , as long as people do n't panic and do stupid things . 
  which is not at all as the situation today . 
  ( obviously i 'm talking about whole nations grouping behind warlords to ( re ) claim land from europe . ), 
  yeah , fear-mongering is getting out of hand . 
  my favorite is comparing this situation to the fall of rome . 
  if immigration contributed to the fall of rome , it would n't have survived its first century . 
  they do that because they think they 'll become a martyr . 
  you do n't become a martyr because you 're dehydrated on the way to the ` battlefield ' . 
  i do n't think you realize how dangerous this trip is . 
  two of those links ( wnd and ibtimes ) are of a smuggler who claims he 's from is which is not proof for this conspiracy . 
  also , buzzfeed is the main source . 
  indepedent says in an analysis :  the mediterranean is their gateway to europe , according to a document published online in january , purportedly by an islamic state sympathiser in libya . 
  `` the southern crusader states ... can be reached with ease by even a rudimentary boat , '' says the document , widely quoted in the british press after it was translated by the quilliam foundation , a counter-extremism think tank . 
  however , the foundation says the authenticity of the document can not be confirmed and its claims must be treated with caution - at most as propaganda rather than mission statement . 
  isis is the richest terrorist organization in the world ( or one of the richest anyways ) . 
  you do n't think they can find a way around that . 
  i think the idea of them coming here with all the other refugees is crazy , sorry . 
  if it was in a book , i would think it was shitty story-telling . 
  why would n't they just take an airplane ? 
  it so convoluted a scenario to think is terrorists would risk their lives by acting as a refugee , while they could just as easily take a plane . 
  like i said , you guys enjoy the benefits of being part of the eu and schengen . 
  you should also accept the downsides . 
  that 's what this kind of deal means , you ca n't just think of yourself , just like other member states did not think of themselves when they sent money your way , or when they accepted your people in their countries during the cold war . 
  tit for tat , as they say . 
  the fact that you ( and an opinion subscribed by a high level military member ) thinks the military solution is a viable solution makes me wonder if we should even have bothered with you guys . 
  because they never had the money for taking care of their own . 
  let 's be real here . 
  it 's not for no reason they came to western europe , and on the same hand , western europeans almost never went to the baltic states . 
  it 's hypocritical that the baltic states do n't feel like reciprocating , if you want my true opinion . 
  after all the money they have gotten , and all the people that moved here to western europe to either work or live . 
  and now they take these stances against immigration . 
  please . 
  and why are you ignoring all the places around the mediterranean who are dealing with a lot of the shit ( while the rest of europe is taking a very hands off approach ) lastly , let 's not forget that we in the eu have the right to seek asylum . 
  you might disagree with this right , but it is one we have and it is one we should try and uphold . 
  it 's part of the ideological vision that is the eu . 
  does that mean we have to continue with our ( failing ) system ? 
  no , not at all . 
  but if there is a solution , it is one where all member states work together . 
  ` not in my backyard ' is not a productive or realistic opinion and should be dismissed for it . 
  i have no patience for people who do not take their responsibility . 
  it 's an eu wide problem , and it can only be solved if all.member states work together . 
  but instead we have people living in la la land saying `` but i dont wannaaaaa '' . 
  as if that will.make a difference in solving this problem . 
   the answer is to help fix the home countries , but they do n't want too , they rather move away . 
  they want to , but it 's not realistic . 
  devolpment of africa has been mishandled by many generations , mostly to serve western interest . 
  ( cheap natural resources for the win !, 
  and , ladies and gentleman , this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  this is a problem for the entire eu . 
  sometimes when problems arise , you have to work together to solve it , and not just think of you egotistical self while you act like a spoiled child who does n't want to help . 
  for as long as there are still natural resources . 
  obviously . 
  i sometimes doubt it 's the coalition 's intention to destroy isis . 
  they rather contain it for now , because it 's the only group standing in assad 's way to regain control of syria . 
  yeah , but number one is a shitty village in brabant :p . i really think r'dam is the exception . 
  say that then next time . 
  and the point i am trying to make is that just because a lot of people in rotterdam voted for pvv , it does not mean that you can use the same reasoning in the rest of nl . 
  that people are getting sick og multiculturalism . 
  a lot of large multicultural cities did not vote en masse for wilders . 
  looking at the map , r'dam seems to be the exception to the rule . 
  i think the lpf ( and the death of pim fortuyn ) has more to to with that than anything else . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're trying to do here . 
  are you practicing improvised theatre ? 
  i literally said : `` the rest of the country hardly shows the same correlation . '', 
  doesnt mean your conclusion is right . 
  otherwise explain why the numbers are lower in amsterdam , utrecht , or den haag . 
  looking for reasons why people do a thing is not the same as excusing it . 
  eh , your argument only applies to the rotterdam area and in flevoland ( half of it at least ) . 
  the rest of the country hardly shows the same correlation . 
  if what you said was true , gw would be prime minister . 
  no , i just said your argument was wonky because you use a debate that has little to do with it . 
  and lol @ ` you need help ' . 
  come on , insults ? 
  really ? 
  you were the one who brought it up . 
  anyway , in this case , people let themself be chased by a wild bull , and they take a huge risk . 
  i dont see why i should have any kind of sympathy for them . 
  they made their choice and it was a very dumb one . 
  i would say tough luck , but you cant even talk about bad luck when people make such dumb choices . 
  my sympathy goes to the bull more . 
  the animal has no choice and is killed afterwards . 
  so fuck anyone who participates in this dumb festival . 
  if that makes me right wing ( what the hell kind of logic is that anyway ) , then i 'm right wing i guess , even if i vote progressive/socialist since i can vote . 
  getting in an airplane with safety regulation vs. voluntarily being chased by multiple bulls .
