  of course it goes a little further than just a trade agreement , but not much and certainly not to the extent the pundits in your articledescribe . 
  as for now ( it went into effect the first of this month ) it 's a lucrative trade agreement and a market of 45 million people opened to us . 
  and of course , the eu tries to keep ukraine within their sphere of influence , but that 's because ukraine is a split country and you 'd be foolish if you thought russia was n't doing the same . 
  what have you rather they 'd do ? 
  nothing ? 
  anyone who says this has never worked in our most profitable industry : the logistical industry . 
  we * thrive * on the euro and open borders . 
  as the article in the op says , 32 % of the gdp is because of exports . 
  i 'm from the south , which is catholic . 
  problem is that rutte laughs more than he leads . 
  to me , he 's more a manager than a pm . 
  often his jolly smile feels empty and insincere . 
  it annoys me to no end , lol . 
   it 's not bizarre , it 's bizarre we 're not always asked for these expansions . 
  it 's bizarrw because these trade agreements happen all the time , and now a big fuss is being made with the argument that this is a prelude to ukraine joining the eu . 
  even though we have similair agreements with , for example , israel . 
  anyway , i doubt many people will vote , making the referendum void and it will go down history as a big waste of money . 
   yeah , i think europe would have been a better place if we adopted his policies in the 60s . 
  we had a more moderate figure against immigration back then ( hans janmaat ) , janmaat was active in the 80 's -90 's though . 
  before him there were no important politicians reacting against mass - immigration , so i guess we were content with the economic propsperity it brought through the post-war rebuilding . 
  edit : janmaat was extreme in some way . 
  he once said , after proposing to stop the help to african nations `` aids will solve that problem '' . 
  yeah ... 
  apparently neighbourhood cops and the community work together really well , which makes it easy to find troubled areas before they get out of hand , and to work together finding a solution with the community . 
  it 's not perfect , but when i look at molenbeek or the french suburbs , i think we 're doing fine here . 
  i had to laugh too at marky mark being tough . 
  he will probably laugh a lot , yes . 
   im sure it will end like the big battle scene on lord of the rings where they are defending helms deep from the orks . 
  yes , that is wholefully realistic . 
  you 're definitely not being hysterical . 
  ^ ^ ^ / s edit : haha , time to sharpen my blade then , if i have to believe / r/europe . 
   full fury of the german justice courts i 'm sorry , but i find it funny that you are saying that when in reality people are getting fined or put on probation at worst . 
  if that 's the `` full fury '' , germany 's punishments are very , very lean . 
  there must 've been a lot since there was a good mix of people , including women . 
  where i 'm from women usually do n't hang around alone at the train station . 
  the lifesitenews one is clearly biased , doesnt cite their source and makes blatent mistakes such as sayin boys do better at math , while the opposite is true throughout the western world . 
  hell yes i ignored . 
  i loved the `` like to stop abortion '' in the middle of the article too lol . 
  really good source and all lmao . 
  the atlantic one wasnt working earlier . 
  it works now , ill check it out . 
  edit : ok read it . 
  the article is 15 years old , it was written in 2000 . 
  is the content still applicable ? 
  more than a decade worth of research have gone over it . 
  i found this article from earlier last year . 
  it shows some possible explanations . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/03/economist-explains-3 anyway , still not sure what the left has got to do with it . 
  it 's not like you explain your point at all . 
  edit 2 : a more recent article from the atlantic . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/09/why-girls-get-better-grades-than-boys-do/380318/  they discovered that boys were a whole year behind girls in all areas of self-regulation . by the end of kindergarten , boys were just beginning to acquire the self-regulatory skills with which girls had started the year . 
  yes , there are many explanations as to why girls do better . 
  here in the nl girls excel in math and scientific subject compared to boys . 
  maybe more focused ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i figure if you want to be a martyr , you 'd have to take some people with you , right ? 
  not for the arrest of a thousand people , no . 
  unless there are clear indications that it 's orchestrated , the police does not assume it is . 
  because you are lazy : possible explanation : http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/16ad0/production/_86408829_table3corr.jpg white boys who do not need free food perform equal to others : http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/976/cpsprodpb/5b7c/production/_86402432_971ea4a1-7f10-4062-b831-cd6a952833a0.jpg, 
  is it possible to detain someone for 24 hours without any basis in germany ? 
  yeah , but if you 're going to detain a thousand people , you can be sure you wo n't be going home the same night . 
  hope you do n't have to work the next day !, 
  we 're talking about a thousand people , though . 
  many who most likely did not see what happened . 
  you 'd have to arrest them all according to some here . 
  dude . 
  read the article you posted . 
  it explains it clearly . 
  again , if you ca n't bother to read your own article , why even bother to debate ? 
  information about the background of the perpetrators , instead of blindly assuming they are refugees straight from the boat . 
  citation needed ? 
  why do n't you read he article ? 
  it 's right there , i ca n't help it if you did not bother to read it yourself . 
   i like how you ignored that in the same income group white boys are significantly worse off than any other group that was researched . 
  not true . 
  not true at all . 
  white boys who do not need free food during lunch are close to equal to the other boys . 
  it 's only when they 're considered poor that the school performances are lower . 
  what misinformation ? 
  he cites his claims and it checks out . 
  thing is , the moneychangers are allowed to be here . 
  just because a few moneychangers conduct their business in an unsavoury way , we should ban them all from the temple ? 
  then again , this allegory is n't really good and is unable to express the nuances of the modern refugee crisis . 
  it 's well written though . 
  war is peace  but seriously , are people generally happy with the high coverage of cctv in the uk ? 
  more and more of the netherlands is covered and i still feel a bit uncomfortable when i 'm out and realize it . 
  i do n't think you 'll defend it when you 're arrested and detained for a while just because you 're at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
   conclusion of the regressive left : those two facts have no link whatsoever . 
  more like '' we need more information before making absolute statements '' but go ahead , shout whatever you want . 
  apparently you can say the left is out to attack straight white men , but if you call that what that is - manbaby whining - people get really upset ( and prove your point ) . 
  funny how that works . 
  lol , feel offended much , friend ? 
   your kind . 
  lol is this a warning or a threat ? 
  i 'm positively frightened . 
  you sound like a very hard man . 
  do n't worry , i 'm wearing gloves for my safety . 
  thanks for your concern !, 
  when they 're not poor , the statistics are more equal . 
  not sure what you 're trying to show here , other than being poor means you do worse at school .
