  yeah , but sorry . 
  that 's what happens when you join a union . 
  you are unified in your collective struggles . 
  it 's not like hungary does not recieve anything in return . 
   the whole of western europe was content having the greeks and the italians deal with this shit for years ; agreed , and it is one of the biggest faults . 
  i always thought that the whole of europe had to bear those two country 's loads , but it wasnt a crisis and the politicians in the rest of europe couldnt sell it to their voters . 
   orban saw this , and very smartly decided not to become another open-aired refugee camp once the balkan route was opened . 
  what did he really do ? 
  did he magically have a strong border control ? 
  because his solutions didnt actually stop refugees . 
  and my proble with him is his refusal to talk about * any * solution that wasnt his . 
  he 's a populist , he used this crisis to make him out to be a though guy and you are eating it up . 
  doesnt help his country , tho . 
  only made it more difficult to get * real * things done in the future . 
  now hungary is seen as a country the rest of the union cant rely on during a crisis . 
  can you show some examples ? 
  i meant remember as in `` remember hearing about it during history class ? '', 
  yeah , because those measures usually involve innocent people en masse . 
  if you know a measure that mostly affects terrorists , people wouldnt be calling you nazi or fascist . 
  so you think you can destroy isis by brute force ? 
  you probably can . 
  but will you get rid of the underlying problem ? 
  i doubt it . 
  you cant kill them all . 
  you cant kill their children . 
  bombing has its uses , but it also feeds the ideology when it is dropped . 
  also , it wouls benefit you point if you show the direct source of these statements , so they can be seen in context . 
  no it wasnt . 
  the solution was and is `` try to curb the flow of immigrants , but dont ignore the ones already in '' . 
  the floodgates had been open for a long time , but it used to be a trickle coming in . 
  now , in syria , iraq and afghanistan there has been some heavy rainfall , and instead of all of us carrying this load , orban want to point it to others . 
  `` let them deal with it '' . 
  how is that a realistic solution ? 
  ever hear about the the anarchist revolution in the mid-19th - beginning of the 20th century ? 
  anarchists all over europe placed bombs and assassinated high placed people . 
  there was an air of them being ever-present , everywhere . 
  years later , it turned out that the organizations were a lot smaller than expected . 
  one of the more effective strategies of terrorist organizations is acting like they are far larger than they really are . 
  edit : words and dates . 
  yes they do . 
  i heard multiple reports that this wasnt unusual . 
  it is an answer to the military meddling in the middle east . 
  not an expert will disagree with that statement . 
  we supported the corrupt , authoritarian leaders in the middle east , western bombs fell on their cities and villages . 
  it 's no surprise that these groups fight back , now that they have control in the chaos that is the levant . 
  not that i agree with their methods , nor did i agree with the coalition 's methods durint iraq . 
  but it 's a fact that this , what happened today , is a response to the decades long military and political involvement in the middle east . 
  it would be great if we 'd finally do something about it instead of talking though , throw a few bombs and then wonder why the people you just bombed are still angry at you . 
   orban was the only one who pointed out the insanity of ignoring the fact that people come in unchecked . 
  but then did not want to work together to do something realistic about it . 
  yes , this wont feed the terrorist ideology at all . 
  that would be assad , though . 
  throw a barrel bomb . 
  wait till people rescue them . 
  throw another . 
  at least , i found mostly articles about assad 's forces doing this . 
  remember , one of our national heroes blew himself , his ship and his crew up just so it wouldnt fall in enemy hands . 
  anyone who has been to belgium recently know they already were since paris . 
  soldiers on the streets and in public areas , brandishing assault rifles . 
  i 'm not sure if you can even battle this sort of shit with force . 
  terrorism like this is effective because a few people can make a lot of chaos . 
   your buddies so nuance is the same as supporting international terrorism ? 
  great . 
   one person openly throwing bottles at police in support of islamic mass murder is too many . 
  eh , problem is that this happens every time someone is arrested . 
  coincidentally it was a terrorist , but it might as wel have been a burglar . 
  molenbeek is a sick neighbourhood , one which has been ignored for decades . 
  here , an anthroplogist made a documentary in the 80s , warning where it was going with the disenfranchized people , and they revisit it in 2015 . 
  too bad it 's only in dutch , because it gives some desperate context to the thought-eliminating `` terrorist breeding ground '' as you put it . 
  can i see the literal support for stalin , lenin and pol pot ? 
  should be easy enough to show evidence of . 
  gott being groomed by a kgb handler is not enough evidence , imo . 
  and he resigned in 1994 after those allegations ( which he denied , but he never denied taking money from someone from the east ) . 
  not sure where your claim comes from that he stayed on . 
  or do you expect the guardian to purge his existence from their website ? 
  or deny him access , based on hearsay , to the opinion page of their newspaper ? 
  pretty sure cops have designated routes they follow in a city . 
  if you think no cops patrol in molenbeek , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  somalia is/was a failed state , and since the civil war , which started in the early 90 's , the place has been pretty much lawless . 
  the civil war is over , the violence is not ( see al-shabaab ) i also got ta say , for the sake of context , that the amount of somalians in nl are quite low . 
  there have been two waves of refugees . 
  the ones in 1991 , during the civil war ( mostly educated people who do quite okay in nl ) and the refugees since 2006 , fleeing al-shabaab violence . 
  because of a good decade of anarchy in somalia and the lack of a good education system , most of these second wave refugees are uneducated , analphabetic people ( making learning dutch very difficult ) who have grown up in literal violent lawlessness . 
  i do n't think cops have a choice , do they ? 
  of course it is . 
  i was just wondering if he has something to back it up . 
  or we can blame foreigners by default , whatever you want . 
  obviously . 
  they 're making the distinction between austrians and foreigners , not sure what you 're getting at . 
  the rebels didnt give you a run for your money ? 
  were the 11 years in iraq and afghanistan not a huge strain on the us military and its soldiers ? 
  instead you act like after the iraqi army was defeated it was a cakewalk . 
  a huge arny isnt effective against rebel tactics . 
  and dude , in the link you posted it shows that the defense industry is a major industry in the us . 
  sorry , but the facts you provide are very meagerly supported and worse , you talk a lot out of your ass . 
  but go ahead and hammer on a tongue in cheek comment i made and ignore the rest  . 
  sweet debate tactic . 
  and it 's not blind hate to critisize a state . 
  are you american ? 
   you claimed the us was a weak military power and lost the wars in iraq and afghanistan .
