  http://www.wereldoorlog1418.nl/refugees/vluchtelingen/burgers.html guess what , didnt destroy our country . 
  but i guess we couldnt push it towards our neoghbours lol . 
  and several times referred to the othrr times many refugees came to western europe ( i gave examples already ) . 
  those werent in the millions , though . 
  more likr the number now . 
  and as for sweden and germany focusing on integration ... is this the first time you thought about refugees ? 
  of course they integrate . 
  it will probably take more than a decade for these people to return safely to syria , iraq or whatever . 
  in the meantime they have to participate . 
  anyway , what i see here is a rant from an euro skeptic . 
  which is your right !, 
  clearly you and your country hates being part of the eu . 
  why not just leave ? 
   sorry , but this makes this whole conversation pointless . 
  how can you even talk to people so uninformed they do n't even know the basic history of the last 70 years ??? 
  it wasnt a soviet sattelite state ? 
  come on . 
   and you get a lot of market access for that . 
  if you read analyses you 'll see that western europe has benefited from the extension . 
  that money you guys pump out of the region is a pretty large amount . 
  yeah , but we 're npt germany . 
  we do n't produce a lot . 
  the countries that profit from it arw countries close by . 
  meanwhile 95 % of your public spending is financed by the eu . 
  but go ahead and act like youre doing us all a favor . 
   riiight ... and i 'm the pope . 
  any more of these `` if you just waited another minute '' stories ? 
  there is a good case to be made that eu finally started acting up because they saw what was going on in hungary . 
  and they are still not doing anything , mind you . 
  the flow was redirected through croatia-slovenia for months , and they are still sitting on their hands . 
  or rather , they are closing down their borders now one after another . 
  i guess you will start lecturing them , too , right ? 
  baby , the eu was already formulating a plan to help you guys out . 
  quotas where hungary et al only had to take in a minute percentage of refugees because everyone could see that your countries and the countries like yours could handle it . 
  your government flat out refused to cooperate . 
   . as a consequence of german actions ... and if you start to use google ( which is a great way to see the estimated number of people backlogged at the asylum requests as well ) you will find other articles , too . 
  in the article it says that these people were planning to leave . 
  it explains that they were afraid of is advance . 
  at the time is was still taking over land and the iraqi army lost battle after battle . 
  but sure , merkel 's fault . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  and what goodwill ? 
  you really think the eu is keep going to pay for 95 % of your public spending ? 
  lol . 
   that almost half of the migrants are not war refugees . 
  let 's be real here , friend . 
  you think in the previous years there were no migrants at all ? 
  and do you think the type of migrants that usually come ( for example people from kosovo ) would see the enormous amount of syrian refugees and think `` nah , well come next year '' ? 
  of course not . 
  thats how a crisis starts . 
  migrants come , sure , but most of them are denied . 
  but they have to be processed and that takes time . 
   this makes no sense at all . 
  i 'm talking about all the migrants flowing into europe ... all of them , regardless of their status . 
  who cares if only a fraction is allowed to have refugee status , when there 's a huge mass you have to deal with ? 
  and guess what - germany can not deport the ones who are rejected , either . 
  that is the definition of the different statuses . 
  you did not seem certain . 
  people use them interchangeably all the time , which makes no sense . 
  and germany can and does . 
  what makes you think it does n't ? 
  i dont know the exact number of germany , but the nl reject around 60 % and most of them get deported . 
  we have dealt with refugees before , we dealt with masses of hem before . 
  now it 's syria , in the 90s they were people from rwanda and serbia . 
   not directly . 
  are you even listening to yourself ? 
  as for treatment : it 's a pretty long discussion in itself , but you know the international media depicted hungary as the villain here . 
  they showed video footage that was incomplete , they took things out of context , and in general they blamed the whole mess on the country . 
  so no . 
  by not allowing a train to cross into austria - upholding the law , you know - is not the same as being a nazi . 
  but i guess you like to feel morally superior , do n't you . 
  i would suggest to you to find the complete videos of events - like the case of that asshole throwing himself and his family in front of a train . 
  or the part when the police is using water cannon to repel people storming the border , after having been pelted with rocks . 
  good luck for your search ; you 'll be surprised how stupidly clumsy was this whole attempt of blackening a whole fucking nation 's reputation . 
  and successful , it seems . 
  no one called you nazis . 
  they critisized some methods ( rightfully ) but find me where anyone important said `` these hungarians are literal nazis '' . 
  stop playing the victim please , it is unbecoming . 
   you can wish anything you want , but 1 . the union , by your own admission , has not stepped up , hence orban 's reaction is entirely justified . 
  nope , it 's not . 
  the eu was finally waking up when orban put on his show . 
  and you yourself arent a fan of him , what makes you think he made the right decision for the country ? 
  seems more to me like he acted out of self-interest . 
  short term gain , who cares about the long term consequences . 
  when syria is safe again and most syrians return ( which will happen , it has always happened like this . 
  most refugees return ) , hungary is still the country that wouldnt play ball . 
   they were not doing anything , so he did . 
  2 . you ca n't `` spread '' them `` fairly '' you can spread these people fairly . 
  richer countries get more . 
  this is what is going on now . 
   first , they do n't want to stay even in austria ( which is an incredibly well-off nation ) - they want germany or sweden , they dont have a choice . 
  and it 's nonsense anyway . 
  once they are in austria or the netherlands they will stay , there is no flight of refugees from the netherland or austria . 
  so what they want is frankly secondary . 
   second , you talk about quotas as if it was an established solution . 
  it 's not . 
  never said it was . 
  it was a short-term solution . 
  a start . 
   for many reasons ; one of them is simply : the more you take , the more will come .
