  ever heard of false equivalence ? 
  this was not an accident . 
  the people who died knew what they got themselves into . 
  i rather feel sorry for animals with no choice in the matter than a bunch of dumb , drunk idiots who think it 's hilarioue to be chased by a bull . 
  when you play with fire , do n't be surprised when you get burned . 
  do n't see how this is a lefty opinion at all . 
  i think most people would come to this conclusion . 
  you didnt have an opinion , aside from saying only liberals care about animal cruelty . 
  both , really . 
  people usually deteriorate on the streets . 
  is n't that unsanitary ? 
  to keep it in your body ? 
  app is not really the same as something you have in your body and cary with you all the time . 
  does n't need to have a charged device either !, 
  or an internet connection . 
  get your rfid today !, 
   i dunno why i 'm getting downvoted tho . 
  im not saying this is a global conspiracy , i 'm just saying it 's not that far-fetched to have these things become common ( with good or bad intentions , either ) . 
  the technology is here , is not like it 's scifi . 
  the only thing keeping it from going widespread is a cultural fear . 
  and that can and will change, 
  ah yeah , this context helps . 
  thanks !, 
  i doubt they 're gon na syringe everyone on the same day , or that doing it forcefully is going to work . 
  early adopters at least should get it voluntarily , as a new to pay and/or identify yourself . 
  can someone tell me why this is far-fetched ? 
  the technology exists , and the applications are plentiful . 
  international oligarchy is just another way of saying mega corporations , which we know exist . 
  i mean , sure it sounds nutty , but can we really claim it is impossible ? 
  oh shit , i watched all of those religiously . 
  now i 'm nostalgic :d, 
  if you 're caught red-handed , they might not need a victim 's testimony . 
  cant tell you how the law in chechnia works , tho . 
  theyre still people . 
  i dont know if you need the terrorists when the act of scamming itself is illegal . 
  scamming people is illegal . 
  yeah , that 's true , if you simplify it to absurd levels . 
  seriously , one of the comments in this chain had it http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b86ws/mods_of_reurope_stop_sweeping_islamist_violence/csjsks4 and look at this : http://i.imgur.com/spg7awh.png , just google something in the quotation . 
  i 'm not about to link to stormfront . 
  but none of your definitions explain why islam ( or christianity , or judaism ) is an ideology over religion . 
  ideology is more ` down to earth ' than religion , that is the thing that sets these two concepts apart . 
  and just because members of a religion are active politically , or when they have a political system ( sharia , canon law , halakha ) , it does not make the entire religion an ideology . 
  i still stand by my argument that it 's ( too ) often used by people as a way to get around those ` pesky ' freedom of religion laws . 
  i 'm an atheist myself so i 'm not too glad with the special status of religion , but in a state governed by laws , the constitution is holy . 
  most dictionaries i 've checked put a focus on the economic and political nature of ideology . 
  you downplay it , but it is essential to determine what distinguishes an ideology from a philosophy or a religion . 
  and i already adressed point a. 
  that said , morality aside , most european nations are quite clear when it comes to freedom of religion . 
  i for one think we should respect the constitution , or change it if it 's needed . 
  the difference is that the basis of religion lies in a supernatural being and in an ideology it lies in economics or politics . 
  while a religion can venture into ideological grounds , it does n't make it any more a ideology than a marxist society having a state religion is religious . 
  and i disagree . 
  it 's always been , for example , wilders ' his schtick is to call islam an ideology so he can ban the quran and disallow the building of more mosques , or by imposing extra taxes on women who wear a scarf . 
  oh hey , i wonder when right wingers can make a point without blaming the left . 
  you guys stand and fall with an ` other ' to blame and have no real solutions . 
  * that 's * why people do n't like it . 
  you bring nothing useful and only gut feelings and misguided anger . 
  it 's a religion , not an ideology . 
  the reason who a lot of people try to spin it in the ideology corner is so they do n't have to follow freedom of religion, 
  or it 's because they blatently admit doing it . 
  you do n't have to be a leftist to be able to read . 
  lol , i do n't write articles in english , though . 
  they do this so you identify with the subject and because colourful descriptions make it more enjoyable for the reader . 
  you do n't care , most people do . 
  impressive article . 
  i always enjoy the combination of dry facts and human interest . 
  one thing , though . 
  i highly doubt this article was translated by a native and/or professional translator . 
  the article suffers from it . 
  weird sentence structures , wrong words ... especially in a news article , where details are important , small errors such as these can change the meaning of the source words . 
  do they buy you dinner before they fuck you over ? 
  nah , we do n't deny it . 
  we just do n't wan na pay for it . 
  on the other hand , the dutch government holds the same reasoning when it comes to the police actions in indonesia . 
  in '13 there was regret for the warcrimes , but no general apology . 
  mostly because they are afraid that it gives a legal basis for plaintiffs . 
  ( according to member of parliament han ten broeke it would open ` pandora 's box ' when the dutch state would apologize for mistakes made in the past ) http://www.volkskrant.nl/binnenland/nederland-betuigt-spijt-voor-oorlogsmisdrijven-in-nederlands-indie~a3501251/, 
  breda is close to the border too :p and i was n't talking about pronunciation , but more about idioms and vocabulary . 
  there are a few similarities . 
  mostly they just spoke gibberish , though . 
  must be the french influence . 
  i had to look for it too :p most people leave it untranslated , since i saw a lot of dutch websites with ` flipbook ' . 
  but i knew there should be a dutch word for it , since the concept is so old . 
  using english words in dutch is relatively recent . 
  maybe it 's a regional thing , because i live quite close to the border in a medium to small city , but here it 's a common thing to say bijgestoken . 
  i never gave it a second thought anyway . 
  note : we also say ` erbij doen ' . 
  honestly , i 've worked in belgium for a while , and i could handle the accents quite easily . 
  brabantian and flemish are close . 
  not the same , but close enough . 
   there 's no translation for flip book . 
  folioscoop , 
  as someone from brabant , i feel offended that we are not considered dutch . 
  again . 
  because we totally say ` gestoken ' down under , 
  in my hometown i 've never seen that behaviour . 
  i mean , if anecdotes are allowed . 
  how is a relationship between two consenting adults in any shape , way or form the same as adults raping children ? 
   only ireland , the uk and sweden gave the new eu citizens free access to their labour markets . 
  i remember this differently , do you have some sources so i can read up on it ?
