  left = bad . 
  get with the program . 
  such nonsense . 
  they have literal laws against `` gay propaganda '' . 
  i always notice that these scary statistics are a lot less frightening when you attach the real numbers to them . 
  this has been brought up many times through many different sources since the afghan war . 
  hell , it was even a big theme in the famous book the kite runner . 
  the thing is , you hear more about women issues because that is something our society is dealing/struggling with . 
  not what happens in afghanistan . 
  edit : spelling, 
  ah , russian tourists . 
  got it . 
  ( sorry , i answered from the mailbox , so i didnt see a flair ), 
   but what if it escalated ? 
  thats why you step in . 
  so it doesnt have to escalate . 
   if you were committing a crime , who do you target first ? 
  the guy trying to stop you or the guy documenting it ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm not in the business of comitting crime . 
  is there a point to this ? 
   old people have phones too but they were too busy standing up for someone else . 
  where is here ? 
  i do n't think holding someone like that is an arrestable offense . 
  and i think it 's cowardly . 
  you let others take the brunt while this guy , presumably younger , just films and does nothing . 
  this also showed that when you stand up for others you have a problem , and bystanders wo n't lift a finger to help you . 
  instead they film you being harassed . 
  or you could just help a person in need instead of filming like a dolt . 
  no it wasnt . 
  it 's no surprise that this is an australian article . 
  it 's foreigners misbehaving . 
  it should be breaking news . 
  i love how the person keeps filming instead of helping the old man . 
  jesus , that frustrates me to no end . 
   in the facebook post it is said , that he did n't call the police in the end , because he heard from other people the police would say ` there was nothing they could do ' . 
  bit of a self-fulfilling prophey , is it not ? 
  yeah , i dont think it 's in russia 's best interest to nuke western europe , especially considering fallout most likely blows their way . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  i 'm more worried about the people who are hoping it gets that bad . 
  that 's not a good basis for a political platform , especially when talking about populism . 
  eh , after a couple riots that went awry , it 's no surprise that the police visits people who are calling for more organized riots at municipality offices ( which is why these people were visited , most likely ) that said , if it was just about an opinion , i hope you stand behind your words and keep on going . 
  they ca n't arrest you if you do nothing illegal . 
   the netherlands ' polls !, 
  here people vote on polls with their hearts and vote the election with their minds . 
  i would n't get your hopes up anyway , most people here do n't see the pvv as a great ruling party , but more as a way to show their discontent to the established political parties . 
  would n't be surprised if if it 's similair with your other examples, 
  it depends . 
  i just checked the stats of the taepodong-2 ( n-k 's longest range missile ) and it barely reaches alaska and it can just cover russia . 
  so my initial point still stands , n-k wont be able to reach sweden . 
  someone already coreected me , and i underestimated the size of the pacific , but you should also rememher that n-k cant just shoot nukes over russian airspace and all the other countries in between russia and sweden . 
  that would end badly for n-k . 
  the realistic distance would still be bigger , right ? 
  yes , but only if you 'd ignore russia and all the other countries it has to fly over . 
  i dont think they 'd like a live nuke flying over their airspace . 
  but you 're right , i underestimated the size of the pacific !, 
  ah got it . 
  i read it as you saying `` the losses werent too bad , because they werent worse than ww1 `` so you can imagine my confusion . 
   the losses were high , but not more so than any given offensive during ww1 . 
  were n't the losses very high during ww1 ? 
  in this scenario it would be sweden attacking n-k , not the other way around . 
  lol , same happened with a dutch sub . 
  i love it when these small subs from these small countries are able to `` destroy '' an american aircraft carrier . 
   a swedish invasion of north korea over a $ 300m volvo debt would also likely result in nuclear retaliation i doubt any of n-ks missles could reach sweden . 
  they have missles that can barely reach the us , europe is much farther away . 
  edit : taopodong-2 , best missile in best korea . 
   it 's crazy that the dutch are pretending nothing is going on when their most famous city is slowly going to shit implying it was better before . 
  good one . 
  crime is at an all-time low iirc . 
  that 's people from amsterdam , though . 
  not dutch men specifically . 
  in his short time as king in nl , napoleon 's brother lodewijk unified my country poitically , introduced a unified measurement system and als organized our infrastructure , in a way we still use . 
  i gave the examples already . 
  nah , pretty sure that was not the reason . 
  it was to show the people of iraq ( the world ) that saddam was defeated . 
  i 'm sure when kids will learn about modern history in two decades , they have to listen to saddam and his baath party . 
  missing the point . 
  my question was if saddam was removed from history . 
  time will tell . 
  until now it didnt improve the regions the us warmongered in at all . 
  napoleon was more succesful than that in the short run . 
  i do n't know . 
  on uni people are usually curious enough to check it out . 
  anyway , there is an argument to say it is distasteful to still have the statue . 
  does n't mean anyone has to glorify it . 
  yup , he did . 
  he also brought unity and freedom to countries that didnt have it before . 
  made sure the power of monarchs was lessened . 
  introduced a unified metric system and political systems that are still used today . 
  napoleon 's warmongering was a significant step forward for the common man . 
  it spread the idea of the revolution across europe . 
  `` but managed by entirely different people with radically different opinions , although if he had something to say about it , no one with a dark skin would even apply '', 
  but all these people , aside from vlad tepes ( and do people really celebrate them ? 
  thinm its more a tourist thing ) , are known for other things . 
  genghis was known for uniting mongolia and creating a far reaching empire and not sure what 's wrong with napoleon . 
  he was a warmonger ? 
  they seem worried about the celebration of people who subjugated a race . 
  that 's rhodes ' most famous feat . 
  thank you !, 
  because this is point people make . 
  no one wants to erase him from history .
