  they 'd need half the votes , though , not a quarter . 
  they 'd need 76 out of 150 seats . 
  according to the last polls they have 28 seats . 
  the largest , sure ( in the polls !, 
  ) , but not enough to form a cabinet . 
  and if no one wants to work with them , that 's that . 
  our system is extremely fractured . 
  it 's never impossible but highly unlikely that a party gets absolute majority . 
  that 's why we have the poldermodel , 
  they might if they worked with the other euro skeptic party : the socialist party . 
  that would be the day , though . 
  after all his ranting about ` the left ' . 
  wilders is an example that our system * works * . 
  he started as a nobody and in a decade became a major player ( at least in the opposition ) . 
  the fact that it is so easy to start a party * and * being able to influence the political landscape significantly places our system with head and shoulders above many other systems in the world . 
  we have 15 parties . 
  it is literally impossible for one party to get that much of a majority . 
  if no one wants to work with you , that 's basically it for you . 
  no worries , that just means it is friday . 
  yeah , i just finished reading some articles ( just woke up , stayed up all night for the result ) . 
  it is all still very volatile , though . 
  i hope it calms down quickly . 
  and on a personal level , i would never want to leave the eu . 
  i live very close to the border and visit belgium often ( kinepolis , antwerpen ) . 
  imagine how much it would suck if i had to fucking wait at the border every time . 
  no , thanks . 
  that 'll calm down the markets !, 
  i 'll write it down , thanks !, 
  i want my peat whisky ; - ;, 
  what do you mean `` population centers '' and why would the entirety of india and north africa go to europe ? 
  why would they flee ? 
  we 're having a crisis at the momen and it 's a million people from mostly war torn countries . 
  and you 're talking about a thousand times that from generally peaceful countries . 
  even if it 's a billions ( and not plural ) , that is 1/7th of the global population . 
  give me a break . 
  unless there is a nuclear war , i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
  baseless fearmongering . 
  i would be surprised if there were a billion refugees in the world , let alone on the way to europe . 
   what i do know is that a referendum about it would undoubtedly kick off the troubles again ugh , let 's hope that this stays in the past . 
  why is crime going down steadily here then ? 
  for decades ? 
   and we 're talking billions of refugees looking for a way out yeah , that 's very doubtful . 
  no one is talking about billions of refugees . 
  but it 's not just people being stupid , it seems like a lot of investers see too much risk at the moment , which can be very dangerous . 
  this is not something you can just bounce back from without some scratches, 
  if that 's the only certainty , it 's not worth much . 
  that would be a shitshow . 
  a year ago scotland decided in a referendum to remain in the uk , the reason given was that they wanted to stay in the eu . 
  it 's not unrealistic that a new referendum to be independent will be held and that the result will be different . 
  it 's not like scots profited much from the uk . 
  on the contrary . 
  i think the end of the uk is pretty likely . 
  the scots seem anxious to leave now , the n-irish will probably hear more unification voices rise up again ( hopefully without violence ) . 
  i think we 've seen the beginning of the end for the uk tonight . 
  how do you know ? 
  i see a lot of people in the comments say this , but no one explains why they think this . 
  huh . 
  til . 
  i believe you . 
  you just gave yourself gold , did n't you ? 
  i do n't think that is how it works . 
  usually when a train crashes it 's shitty for everyone involved . 
  on some parts of reddit ` leftist ' means ` people who i disagree with ' . 
  well , nothing will change overnight , so we know in a couple months . 
  it 's not like leaving goes into effect immediately . 
  just go to the jewelry store . 
  he does n't know either , that 's the thing . 
  how can we rebuild a new , democratic eu if we vote to leave ? 
  oh god no . 
  we make most of our money through logistics , why would we want to make it more difficult and expensive ? 
  they should be giving a press conference about now , right ? 
  edit : nvm , in an hour . 
  biggest crash since 1992 . 
  i do n't claim to be an expert , but i worry when the experts worry . 
  holy shit re : pound sterling . 
  all politics aside , this is very worrying . 
  no , no , it is . 
  the uk had no representation in the eu . 
  none at all . 
  edit : / s , as if it 's needed, 
  because freedom ^ ^ tm it sucks for the europhiles in the uk , and i really feel for you , but i love seeing americans here talking like you guys have just overthrown a dictatorship . 
  live / r/shitamericanssay , it 's a silver lining . 
  them meaning the brits ? 
  because britain has very little leverage to make the eu pay for it , lol . 
  as a dutchman i feel like we should ask a lot of money for visas . 
  no reason why we ca n't make a bit of money out of this . 
  seems to be ending up uniformly yellow on the bbc map . 
  i 'll be really surprised if they 're not going to give it another shot soon . 
  i hope , i 'd be annoyed if the tarrifs make good whisky more expensive . 
  looking at the map , i think many scots regret not voting for independence last year . 
  if you leave now , your passport is still valid . 
  but the problem is that it 's ill-defined and essentially meaningless . 
  do n't forget you have some of the best press too . 
  it goes both ways . 
  terrorism \u02c8t\u025br\u0259r\u026az\u0259m / noun the unofficial or unauthorized use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
  how is it * not * terrorism ? 
  ah ok , it was unclear , thanks . 
  yeah , it 's just very very expensive . 
  shitty .22 s go for 600-800 euros on the streets in tmainland europe and i doubt it 's much different in the uk . 
  i think you posted the wrong link , no ?
