  we eat more indonesia food , mostly . 
  this was after two wars that frankly crippled us ( ww2 and indonesian ` police actions ' ) . 
  the reason why i 'm not panicking ( at all ) is because we ( as europe ) have weathered much much worse storms than this . 
   are you on the same planet as i am ? 
  they are not coming in just through hungary . 
  were they welcomed by the military in france and spain ? 
  in italy ? 
  in greece ? 
  i am sure you are aware of the fact they are not just coming in through hungary , right ? 
  look at that link i gave you . 
  are they being welcomed by the military in sweden ? 
  in denmark ? 
  in austria ? 
  'cause they do n't want to stay there either . 
  i was talking about the refugees , not economic immigrants . 
  that 's another story , because i believe they should be held to a different standard than syrian refugees who are literally fleeing from religious and military prosecution . 
  also those articles mean very little , and you know that . 
  this is not happening in masses but are mostly outliers for whatever reason . 
  maybe they do n't know better and think sweden is a shithole . 
  i mean , do you know the ins and outs of middle eastern nations ? 
  and you have a good education . 
  i 'm not saying this is not a problem , because it is , but it 's quite easy to solve by informing the refugees better . 
   seriously , tell me them . 
  like this :  in 2013 , romania 's public expenditure amounted to around ron 223 billion ( eur 50 billion ) -- that is just is roughly a third of the eu budget for the same year ( i.e. 
  ron 644 billion or eur 144 billion ) . 
  however , it represented 36 % of the country 's gni , whereas the eu budget for the 28 member states was roughly 1 % of the union 's gni . 
  and more : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mycountry/ro/index_en.cfm it seems as if they 're promoting to keep people into romania , because the country does not have the administrative capacities to spend all the money they recieve from the eu , which is not mean to mock by the way . 
  that 's a serious problem . 
  but i agree , you should get paid the same as anyone else , you 'll find no disagreement here . 
  not really an option anymore here . 
  used to be yeah , but they tightened the rules extensively and which are being enforced too . 
  it 's not really easy to hide when you have to justify every expense as a business . 
  and we would peacefully coexist , or else ... , 
  by making sure they have no reason to move . 
  i keep repeating myself . 
  dont act like it 's impossible before even trying it . 
  it has proven to work in other countries . 
  just ensure the facillities they are offered are good and they 'll stay . 
  better to have a good facillitie in hungary than none in england and dude . 
  these quotas are temporary and short term , while we figure out the long term solutions . 
  this is not permanent !, 
  the thing is , we need to get these people housed before winter arrives . 
   so why not take them all in the first place ? 
  so you want us to carry the whole burden ? 
  even though we helped out these eastern european nations when they needed it ? 
  tit for tat , thats how it works in an union . 
  dont cry when you have to do somehing back . 
  the ee nations arent even going to house most of the refugees . 
   it 's because they want to get to germany . 
  of course . 
  can you blame them after theyve been welcomed by the military ? 
  hungay didnt show its best face , at all . 
  yeah , or not . 
  the soviet union was pretty big on peaceful coexistion . 
  yeah , but the cost of living is also a lot higher . 
  benefits he wont get because he would be illegal . 
  we should strive for a unified refugee policy , which is luckily in the works currently . 
  by respecting the sovereignity of nations . 
  they ca n't just clean out a government . 
  imagine the fallout coming from that . 
  anyway , i will share your hopes , man . 
  i hope your generation does better , there is no reason you ca n't . 
  obviously i was talking about wars between memberstates . 
  open up a history book and see how war was a common occurance in europe before ww2 . 
  you do know that the current quota puts most of the load on the rich countries , meaning the poor countries are more easily controlled and made comfortable for the asylum seekers.i imagine this will be funded by all of us . 
  people whon dont register wont recieve ( or will recieve less ) benefits . 
  they get food , they get clothing and a roof over their head . 
  but nothing more . 
  once they see their neighbour with a small allowance , registering will become more attractive . 
  honey , not vinegar . 
  if they run away , so be it . 
  as long as it does n't happen en masse there is no huge problem . 
  nothing the rich states cant handle anyway . 
  what you see , though , once you treat these people well , they dont want to run . 
  the reason you see people run away now is because theyre put in terrible conditions or are treated dishonestly by saying one thing and doing another . 
   do you mean a place like a sweden ? . 
  or france ? 
  yes , i am sure we can magically turn bulgaria , romania , greece into that ... fuck , we can do it tonight . 
  all we have to do is go outside , locate a shooting star and wish for it really hard . 
  can we discuss this without cynicism ? 
  the tone of this discussion is already bad as it is . 
  best thing would be is an euriopean wide refugee institution with people from all member states who take care of the refugees or assist local governments . 
  the only way to easily go through this crisis is by working together . 
  the refugees are only 0.1 % of the entire eu population . 
  compare that to lebanon ( 25 % ) or northern iraq ( 33 % ) and please be sensible enough to know the eu can handle this . 
  i have , and i wont say it feels safe . 
  but i have the feeling in any major city i have ever been . 
  show me a poor area in a major city that is safe at night . 
  so how do those nukes stop the netherlands from retaking the rebel areas ( flanders ) ? 
  one western country . 
  and france got a lot of shit for that . 
  i 'm not from france though , 
  the whole reason we have the eu is to stop another ww2 . 
  i think they vocalize what their constituancy is saying themselves . 
  it 's an eu wide problem in the end . 
  immigration always is . 
  we should solve it together . 
  it 's just sour that the countries that have been helped a lot are least willing to help carry the burden . 
  but do n't you think that this complacency is the opposite of naivet\u00e9 ? 
  that the eu knows full well they cant change it , so they try and make the best of it .
