  you do n't need to integrate to despise the weather and food . 
  i wonder who will cry first . 
  i think rutte , when he gets a nipple twister from thieme . 
  but more because he does n't know what to do with a woman , though . 
  i mean , if others do it . 
  dude , it 's called tafsir . 
  anyway , a serious christian could n't get away with rejecting verses either . 
  do n't act like one religion is better than the other . 
  just because christianity isnt as ardously followed in the western world doesnt mean it is a lala-land happy time . 
  the fact that you dig your haed in the sand for these unsavoury passages makes * you * the apologist here . 
  was in reaction to :  as a hungarian i can only say that if this is the guy western europeans rely on to save their way of life , then they are in serious trouble, 
  didnt want to imply all of reddit loved him . 
  just that i only see it here , 
  from what i see it 's mostly reddit who adores him . 
  in real life i havent heard anyone speak of him and maybe read a quote here and there in the paper when relevant . 
  yellow, 
   an illiberal democracy , also called a partial democracy , low intensity democracy , empty democracy , or hybrid regime , is a governing system in which , although elections take place , citizens are cut off from knowledge about the activities of those who exercise real power because of the lack of civil liberties . 
  sounds fun . 
  i wonder how many women wear these clothes in that area . 
  two dozen ? 
  even called it a holy war at some point . 
  he was n't mad on the day of the attack , though . 
  that 's the scary part . 
  he has a narcissistic personality disorder , but he was n't crazy . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was a ( self-imposed ) outcast , but like i said , it wasnt his reason to do what he did . 
  i think it is too easy to say `` hes a madman '' and leave it at that . 
  no , he was pretty clear as to why he did it . 
  being a social outcast was not the reason . 
  he 's not saying its not covered at all . 
  just differently . 
  you are talking about the last couple days , no ? 
  i was talking about your comment about ankle bands . 
  is that true ? 
  the more prolific shootings in america usually involve assault rifles . 
  and is the ak ( or assault rifles in general ) more used now than in the past ? 
  europe had to deal with the ira and the raf and they used aks a lot too . 
  i suspect they 'll come through the harbors of rotterdam and antwerp . 
  you ca n't really tell where the aks come from . 
  it 's the most widely used gun in the world . 
  yes but i doubt it is ever so clear . 
  in this case , according to the article , it was n't . 
  to then put ankle bracelets on people you effectively let go ... that would be an awful word to live in , sorry . 
  as a side note , the cartoonist was never charged . 
  the christian democrats ( who were in the government at the time , the minister of justice was also from the cda ) used this case to try and re-establish blasphemy laws . 
  it was a sad ploy by an old institution and i 'm glad nothing came of it . 
  a lot of people are asking for measures that have more place in a totalitarian society than in a free society . 
  i 'm sure many do n't realize this , but it 's interesting at least to see how a totalitarian state can have fertile ground once emotions are high . 
  just for being a suspect ? 
  that would be an affront to an open justice system . 
  yeah , but you 're ignoring one important fact . 
  in countries with strict gun laws , you pay a lot of money for a shitty pistol . 
  800-1000 euro are the starting rates on the streets . 
  in a country with lax gun laws , most illegal guns are stolen from legal gunowners , meaning they are simply a lot cheaper and a lot more common . 
  over her a gun is a serious investment . 
  legally or illegally . 
  great post . 
  only serves to show how terrible assad 's tactics are . 
  very little , which is my point . 
  aside from being cheaper and thrown out of helicopters . 
  the damage is the same . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/islamic-state-has-killed-many-syrians-but-assads-forces-have-killed-even-more/2015/09/05/b8150d0c-4d85-11e5-80c2-106ea7fb80d4_story.html here you go . 
  and this is what barrel bombs do https://youtu.be/apzdvz_n4ro, 
  ah yes , that policy worked perfectly in the past . 
  the mess in the middle east is largely to the huge disrespect of the area , mainly during the cold war where socialist governments were destroyed because they went against western interests ( oil ) . 
  islamists of todat got their power because they had dictators to fight against , and come out of it as saviors . 
  let 's try that again !, 
  hey , if you think this is something to fight for , fight for it . 
  take a day off if you work in the weekends ( best time for a protest ) . 
  if you do n't care enough , keep complaining online how nothing changes and how no one listens . 
  yes we can . 
  we just do n't do it . 
  it 's the same every damn time . 
  if we never take our anger outside the internet , politician do not give a fuck . 
  lol , 3 hours in and i only see people complaining in this thread . 
  why not be proactive and plan a protest in brussels . 
  plane tickets in the eu are n't that expensive , so logistically it shouldnt be a problem . 
  you 'll be back before bedtime too . 
  but i doubt anyone will do anything worthwhile . 
  the people who care are too introverted to do anyhing outside the internet , so all they have is talk sternly ( and impotently ) on the internet . 
  while corporations and governments fuck us over . 
  let 's do something for a change . 
  let our voices be heard instead of typing it out . 
  if everyone who opposes this in europe would go to brussels , we 'd have a significant number to make some waves . 
  or we can be angry online , out of sight of most people . 
  put him in jail . 
  oust him . 
  the latter happens a lot in my country . 
  the thing is , we can hold a politician accountable , you ca n't hold voters acountable . 
  and egypt of course . 
  but yeah , kurdistan surprised me too . 
  i asked one of my close friends who lives there and he was surprised too . 
  it 's mostly a thing among the more rural communities and the government is trying to combat it . 
  the majority is against it , so i can see it going away soon . 
  hopefully anyway . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/51/fgm_prevalence_unicef_2013.svg/2000px-fgm_prevalence_unicef_2013.svg.png the middle east hardly has fgm . 
  it 's more an african thing . 
  theyre called whistleblowers . 
  if the conspiracy is so vast as you claim , we were bound to have heard about it . 
  just think logically for a sec . 
  you act like we live in nazi germany .
