  millions of tourists do it every year . 
  because ice hockey is a brutish , boring sport . 
  pretty sure they talked about the axis of evil , holy war , war against terror and terrorism after mentioning iraq 's wmd 's . 
  read the report , you 'll get the details . 
  it was used as another form of sexual harassment . 
  it 's not prostitution when it 's non-consensual . 
  i think legally , regardless of consent , it might be sexual harassment too , since the guard have authority/power over the people living there . 
  but the cdu was always for european integration and for the eu . 
  seeing as this refugee crisis is not a german problem but more a european problem , i do n't see how the cdu would not stand for this . 
  cdu has also been mostely center-right , no ? 
  not `` very conservative '' i think , but i could be wrong ( maybe long ago ? 
  it 's worse than just overlooked : https://www.border.gov.au/reportsandpublications/documents/reviews-and-inquiries/review-conditions-circumstances-nauru.pdf according to this , the guards of the security companies are one of the ( if not * the * ) main culprits . 
  yes , but it does not speak well for your understanding of european politics , let alone national politics , when you misuse important words . 
  seems to me you are talking in platitudes instead of having a good knowledge of the situation . 
  you call red `` blue '' and then say you do n't want to be bogged down in semantics when i suggest you should n't talk about how to paint a house . 
  because child molestation simply does not happen in australia at all . 
  you know this is not true , do you ? 
  so how can you `` assure '' me it wouldnt happen in these camps edit : holy shit , i looked into it some . 
  most of the allegations refer to * security * personal . 
  even the molestation and physical assault of minors !, 
  sexual favors are traded for weed an cigarettes , women are harassed by the employees of the security companies ... https://www.border.gov.au/reportsandpublications/documents/reviews-and-inquiries/review-conditions-circumstances-nauru.pdf any thoughts on this / u/sharpshooterhit ? 
  what did her party always stand for ? 
  i honestly do n't think you should talk about the liberals in europe when you do n't actually know what liberalism in europe means . 
  hint : it is not a left ideology and many advocate stricter borders for migrants . 
  yeah , but the thing is , they 're put in very shitty conditions with very little oversight and you then wonder why they act as shittu people ... take the same amount of ` normal ' australians and put them in the same exact circumstances and see how well it goes after a year or two . 
  if so , i 'll become a british police officer just so i can say `` no lollygaggin ' '' to any passerby . 
  what news ? 
  you mean the talkshows that thrive on human interest alone ? 
  something awful happens in the world , let 's ask this random italian dude for his uninformed opinion . 
  italian media is god-awful . 
  klene muntdrop of dood !, 
  you stay away from our drop !, 
  \\  pindasaus \\  torture you have every right to your opinion , no matter how wrong it is . 
  maybe your country , my country was more than happy to ~ ~ send young men to die ~ ~ fight terrorism . 
  http://www.nato.int/multi/2008/080404b-nuc/photos/images/080404b-008.jpg look how happy he is that senpai noticed . 
  was it terrorism ? 
  thought it was a patient . 
  which might be questionable : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guillotine#living_heads, 
  of course not . 
  do we really want war ? 
  last time in afghanistan and iraq we lost good boys and got isis as a result . 
  you provided sources about how they buy oil , which i did not contest . 
  that was n't the claim that made me scratch my head . 
  but whatever , i do n't want to piss you off , so have a good day . 
  dude , listen to what you say . 
  you make a very serious claim . 
  i ask you to show where you base it on . 
  instead of simply showing me , you go off on some weird tangent . 
  you make the claim , you should supply the evidence to support your claim . 
  everyone can make grandiose claims , it 's not hard . 
  but if you are unwilling to substantiate and worse , say `` do your own research '' , that only tells me you are empty-handed . 
  i 'm not someone who denies because it is n't part of the mainstream . 
  i 'm very skeptical , but being skeptical means you do n't just believe everyone on their word . 
  it means you need some evidence . 
  otherwise i would be naive and i would believe everything at face value . 
  fuck that . 
  you ca n't just make claims like that and refuse to substantiate them . 
  this is just crazy talk now . 
  so basically `` no , i do n't have sources and rather send you on a wild goose chase '' . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you make the claim , you should know where you got it from . 
  i did n't ask anything unreasonable , but your reaction sure is . 
  yeah , honestly , it hurts your argument by not giving any sources . 
  both israel and turkey are helping is ? 
  afaik it 's basically because a whole group of people stood outside these stations . 
  the cnn building for example was surrounded by protestors shouting against the coup . 
  i think the soldiers pretty much figured they were screwed the moment that happened . 
  anyway , a commander could have said that , but i think most people would think their coup attempt was an attack against democracy itself . 
  why would they believe the military ? 
  you are ok , but south europeans are just sexy . 
  ( better ? ), 
  the argument is that it is not wise to out all your eggs in one basket . 
  why not both ? 
  we ca n't rely solely on nuclear energy , because we do not have any uranium deposits . 
  wish it was that easy , haha . 
  they deserve it , though . 
   since they are so flat with not enough hills and valleys to trap clouds . 
  does n't it work like that ? 
  lol i wish . 
  until i was 10 , i believed grey sky was the default . 
  we do , but people ( bar and restaurant owners ) petition against it because it ruins the view on a clear day . 
  yeah , but then they want to build a new wind park at sea , and you get bar owners at the beach who are petitioning against it , crying how it ruins ` nature ' ( as if their bar does n't in the first place ) , slowing down the process immensly . 
  everyone wants green energy here , but nimby . 
  well , art . 
  50 has not been put into effect , so as far as the eu are concerned , legally , it 's all the same . 
  i doubt the eu will make a fuss . 
  or brexit is a success and statues of bojo are erected everywhere . 
  yeah , at least a basic plan , pitched to eu diplomats informally . 
  this just seems like they 're winging it . 
  that just means you care more about democracy than politics , which is a good thing . 
  i dislike the freedom party in the netherlands ( wilders ) but i 'll be the first to admit that it is good that they 're represented well in the second chamber . 
  $ 7,20 is not expensive . 
  i 've seen magazines go for 10 euro in nl . 
  sure , but only in the opposition and even then it 's debatable , because they ca n't ever get any support for their plans . 
  wilders pretty much assured that when he made a crowd chant that they wanted less moroccans . 
  and i kinda think he enjoys his position . 
  he is the victim now , the underdog . 
  he gets the sympathy vote . 
  he was part of the cabinet once , but he blew it up right before the proposal was finished . 
  it has given him and his party an image of untrustworthiness .
