  i showed you to be wrong . 
  i did not . 
  i said it was ineffective and it did nit justify the price . 
  and my argument was not that they lost the war ( i explicitely said this ) , but that the huge army could not prevent a massive shitshow and inly made things more chaotic . 
   you claimed the us does n't manufacture anything but military good , again i showed you were wrong with cited links . 
  still hammering on this ? 
  look up the word hyperbole , this is getting tiresome . 
  i expanded my point , i provided sources . 
  you lazily posted a wikipedia article . 
  lol . 
   btw that 's aerospace as a whole , not just military which is a fraction of that . 
  which is why it does n't show up on any other chart . 
  literally , feeling bad for you . 
  read better , this whole report is focused on th defense industry . 
  jesus , look at the title . 
   do n't `` do n't '' ... so far you 've lost and every claim you 've made has been proven wrong . 
  then you 've attempted to reframe the context several times . 
  you 're wrong , you can admit it . 
  lmao , dude , all you do is cherry pick . 
  you hammer on a little thing i said , which i admitted was said in bad faith , but ignore the rest when i put some more effort in it but all you do is refer to a lil sentence i made three comments ago . 
  anyway , you try to make me debate things i have never claimed , and you did so from the start people like you are the worst . 
  you do n't add to a debate . 
  all you do is say `` nuh uh nit true and ur stupid '' without trying to sustain a dialogue or contribute anything useful . 
  instead of debating my points , you have been constantly attacking me personally . 
  and you think it makes you smart and superior . 
  wish you would address my points instead . 
  you make no argument , all you say is `` nuh uh , ur stupid '' btw , in thw 80s there werent terror attacks every day . 
  the last 13 year this bombs explode every fuckin day somehwere in iraq . 
  btw , 3 % of the total gdp is not small by any measure . 
  debates , do n't dont do them . 
   you know no one there and statistics seem to be your worst enemy . 
  after the surge there was 3 years of stability the region had n't seen since the 1970 's . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
   jesus , you should be embarrassed . 
  hey look . 
  instead of an argumenr you try to insult me . 
  seems like a running theme with you . 
  read . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace that i have to hold your hand when it comes to your economy , holy fucking shit . 
   the industry also has a large contribution to the u.s. economy , responsible for fully 2.23 % of gdp and 7.0 % of exports in 2010 , and is the largest net exporting industry in america .39 al little more than ` less than 1 % ' . 
   those are not military objectives . 
  sigh . 
  i was the reason your army was there . 
   it did actually , wars are fought between armies . 
  governments are created by politicians and people . 
  the us and the iraqis had achieved some serious stability before the us was forced out . 
  i know people who love in the area . 
  calling it ` serieous stability ' compared to pre-saddam iraq is absolute bullshit . 
  even during the america occupation the country was i chaos . 
  only in the north , the autonomous kurdish region did it help , but one coukd argue they were on their way to become autonomous anyway . 
  the war just sped it up ( and at what cost ? ), 
   you keep moving the goal posts and changing your `` point '' you never had one to begin with . 
  lmao , `` keep moving goalposts '' . 
   hey , do n't blame the rest of the world when you 're drowning in your own military industrial complex . 
  was my point from the start . 
  learn to read . 
   no , you were incredibly wrong . 
  you said the us relies on this when it does n't even show up as a % of the gdp . 
  like i said , snide hyperbole . 
  you can focus on it , use it as your ` gotcha ' and ignore the rest . 
  point still stands . 
  if you 'd cut your defense budget in half ( and you would still spend more than china ) , your country would probably end up in a recession . 
  and yet you blame the rest if the world for your monstorous defense budget . 
  it 's funny that you 're focusing on it , btw . 
  if you click on the link you yourself provided , you see that one of the major industries is the defense industry . 
   really , what objectives did the military fail in ? 
  bring peace and democracy , defeat terrorism and find weapons of mass destruction . 
   they are n't . 
  yes , because afghanistan is a country with a centralized government . 
  come on . 
  the country is still chaos and the afghan government is losing power . 
  they have been regaining influence for a while now and are in a stalemate with the afghan government ( with the latter losing its influence . ), 
  they are far from gone . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-15132461  jesus fuck you 're all over the place . 
  what does this have to do with the military accomplishing it 's mission ? 
  nothing . 
  the iraqi army lasted about 2 weeks . 
  the rest is politics . 
  ( ... ) no it is n't , it 's a direct result of the us being removed from iraq after the surge and the sons of iraq and other sunni groups being politically marginalized by the shia government . 
  that combined with the civil war in syria created the isis we see today ... that and millions of dollars of european ransom money . 
  at least do a few minutes of actual research instead of parroting half assed talking points . 
  defeating the iraqi army did not win the war . 
   saddam-era officers have been a powerful factor in the rise of islamic state , in particular in the sunni militant group 's victories in iraq last year . 
  islamic state then out-muscled the sunni-dominated baath party and absorbed thousands of its followers . 
  the new recruits joined saddam-era officers who already held key posts in islamic state . 
   the baathists have strengthened the group 's spy networks and battlefield tactics and are instrumental in the survival of its self-proclaimed caliphate , according to interviews with dozens of people , including baath leaders , former intelligence and military officers , western diplomats and 35 iraqis who recently fled islamic state territory for kurdistan . 
  http://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/mideast-crisis-iraq-islamicstate/ the war in iraq did give way to groups like is . 
  your very expensive army could not stop it . 
  that is my point . 
  not that the us army somehow failed their job , just that in today 's world a huge army ca n't go in country and take control by brute force . 
  instead of destroying the iraqi army , it was shattered and what remained is still very dangerous . 
  that 's not an half-assed assessment , that is the reality of the situation . 
   you really want to have your cake and eat it too . 
  so typical . 
  okay , explain how the deployment of your huge army made the situation in the middle east better . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  jesus christ , the us spends nearly three times as much as the number two . 
  blame it on europe all you want , i 'm not buying it . 
  i 'm saying your defense sector is too large , too powerful politcally and also too ineffective . 
  and i think it 's mostly yourself who 's to blame .
