  with my luck we 'll probably have a huge war before any of this happens , tho . 
  yeah , no . 
  you make no sense at all . 
  muslim sharia equality is not what is is fighting for . 
  you can tell from how they kill mostly other muslims . 
  and your guevara point . 
  sigh . 
  he never shared it with any of us / s here , at least try to improve your knowledge . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_motorcycle_diaries_ ( book ) http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/, 
   isis fights for equality no they do not . 
  not even close . 
   in annual percentage terms , europe 's muslim population is projected to grow at a declining rate , in part because of falling fertility rates and in part because muslim immigration to europe is leveling off http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/future-of-the-global-muslim-population-regional-europe/ 2030 the muslim population in europe is projected to be at < 3 % , similair to what it is today ( 2.7 % ) . 
   see , you have no prescience ... no foresight . 
  youre smug and complacent due to liberal ideology which makes you feel intellectually superior and insulated from danger by nature of it . 
  thats fine , but when the west begins to reap what its been sowing , dont be surprised . 
  if you ever wonder why people do not take you seriously , it 's because you spout of this and call it a valid argument . 
  come on , man . 
  personal attacks and unsupported fearmongering wo n't help anyone . 
  attack his argument , do n't call someone smug and act like you 're making a point . 
  maybe get one of those cool waterbikes and tackle the energy crisis through that . 
  and being able to swim in the city center is nice too . 
  it worries me that my country seems to not take it seriously . 
  we think we can solve it eventually by building better dykes , but we have so much to lose of we do n't . 
  worries me more that a politcal party with a hard line against the idea of climate change ( or many other environmental solutions ) is doing well in the polls , mainly because they are loud against immigration . 
  yeah , i realized . 
  edited the accusation . 
  but holy shit ,  level of culture destroying feminists induced madness . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  it 's like evey reddit point at once, 
  yes , they do now . 
  i doubt this will be the same in 2030 , though . 
  it 's funny how you agree with me that children are expensive that tax cuts are needed , while at the same time you argue that muslims will keep having large families . 
  logic . 
  2 friends ? 
  aside from them , i 'm talking about dozens of people in my neighbourhood , ( former ) colleauges and people i knew from school . 
  it 's nothing conclusive , i know that . 
  but from my experience , large muslim families are not a trend that will continue to exist . 
  you know how expensive a kid is ?? 
  it didnt take a century . 
  i think this is currently happening . 
  my muslim friends and aquintences ( late 20 's ) either have no kids or two . 
  i 'm pretty sure this trend keeps on going , because who wants to have more than two kids in the nl ? 
  it 's too expensive and too impractical . 
  by the way , a lot of these refugees eventually return when things cool down . 
  see the bosnian refugees in the late 90 's . 
  same as it happened to us western europeans . 
  both my parents came out of families with 4-5 children . 
   unless their birthrates drop to below ours we will be outnumbered . 
  and this is beyond the realm of possibilities ? 
  not what i said . 
  i just think the conclusions you are making based on that data is a little ridiculous . 
  population is not a straight line on a graph and it 's quite a bit more complicated than you 're letting on . 
  so maybe in 100-200 years theyll be a majority . 
  at least , when the data ( or the situation ) does n't change . 
  which it will . 
  7.8 % is not a majority . 
  show me some of these prediction models , please . 
  what do you mean , muslims who will replace us ? 
  like in invasion of the body snatchers ? 
  or do you mean a shift on population where they 'll still be a minority ? 
  it 's not a money issue alone . 
  you need a certain amount of people to keep our societies running . 
  and i 'm not sure if a tax cut will do it if people choose career over kids . 
   solutions to bring up birth rates and bring down later-life dependency will require change , but it 's nothing we ca n't cope with . 
  such as ? 
   the civil unrest and the permanent destruction of european identity that comes with the complete , unprecedented replacement of an entire continent 's people in just a few short decades . 
  complete replacement ? 
  sigh . 
  can we at least keep to the facts instead of these hyperbolic statements ? 
  or do you have anything to back this up ? 
  so we should just accept the huge problems a declining population brings ? 
  could you be more specific , instead of just vaguely mentioning ` violent somalis '' . 
  then talk . 
  do n't lazily try to bury with what you disagree . 
  tell me more about soviet democracy . 
  but seriously , are you claiming the netherlands is a soviet dictatorship and that this was the only way ? 
  i rather have naive and stupid people with the right intentions than people who think violence is the first and foremost answer . 
  ironically , the dutch police made a statement yesterday that there is no rise of crime the last three months due to refugees . 
  mostly minor infractions ( cycling without a light , petty theft ) . 
  compare that to this shitshow and tell me again how refugees are the ones ruining it for all of us , 
  for people who say the biggest crime here is `` people not being heard '' , they were pretty fast in slamming down on my and other 's ` dissent ' . 
   and the left and the pc politicians will be to blame nope , the people who throw bricks and fireworks at police are . 
  no one else . 
  according to the report , dutch natives think similarly . 
  http://www.scp.nl/dsresource?type=pdf&amp;objectid=default:39456&amp;versionid=&amp;subobjectname= page 6 , see table ( autochtoon means native ) . 
  page 8 has a table with more information . 
  i sure hope the dialogue will not be hijacked by these hooligans , and i do hope our politicians wo n't sell out by giving in to these violent shouters . 
  fuck that . 
  people who are against the center tried to protest peacefully , but these rioters with the intellect of a peanut made it impossible . 
  people can be heard - we have a very popular party whose main subject is anti-immigration , for crying out loud . 
  it 's the hooligans throwing fireworks and bricks who make it impossible to have any discussion . 
  do n't try and sugarcoat this disgusting behavior . 
  but yeah , in this thread the people who make this point are being downvoted . 
  you see before your own eyes that which you are afraid the refugees will bring , and people here cheer it on . 
  great display of european values !, 
  what a circus . 
  edit : of course . 
  downvotes , no discussion . 
  cowards . 
  i think it means that it 's pretty much an universal sentiment .
