just wondering . 
  are you close with ns ? 
  just do n't think it is anything less than a pr-stunt from no surrender . 
  these guys are n't just motorcycle enthusiasts . 
  or ... do n't watch it . 
  it 's all fine and dandy when the pub down the road shuts off the tv , but it 's scary and dangerous when it becomes enforced by the government . 
  that 's basic totalitarian behaviour . 
  having such a deep influence in the lives of the citizens . 
  let us decide for ourselves if we want to boycot or not . 
  news , newspapers , talking with turks . 
  i 'm just saying , the protests are coming from a minority . 
  which are small pockets , in the grand scheme of things . 
  as far as i can tell , the majority of the people love erdogan . 
  they love the way he is battling corruption , they love how he curbed ( ended ? ), 
  the power of the military , they love how he made turkey prosper economically and love how he is giving islam a place in day to day life . 
  i 'm not saying i agree ( or disagree ) with any of this . 
  i 'm not a turk . 
  but this is the picture i usually see . 
  then you should know that the opinion of people in istanbul is no where near the opinion of the people in the rest of the country . 
  turkey is much larger than istanbul . 
  yeah , i hear it in nl a lot too . 
  moroccans are literally all criminals etc. 
  but if you look at the real number we are talking about + / -500 moroccan people in prison at any given time . 
  first of all , there are not many japanese in europe , let alone in sweden . 
  the ones here are usually well educated and have a reason ( career ) to come here . 
  bit of an unfair comparison , when you take socio-economic reasons into account . 
  second , i do n't know swedish . 
  the people he is talking about , the people arriving on ellis island , did not compete with the native americans . 
  more likely the opinions he described were from british people and their descendants . 
  he 's saying you say big words , but do n't show a single stat . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're talking about the refugees or the extreme right protestors now . 
  nowhere did he even come close to doing that . 
  that 's awful lot of words to just say ` no u ' . 
   ca n't believe i got upvotes for that this should be reddit 's tagline . 
  something like unity and tackling a problem together . 
  its clear he doesnt mean the quotas . 
  the people at the border of hungary are mostly syrian . 
  you 're readig the eurostat numbers wrong , since it includes the people who cross the mediterranean . 
  even switzerland , who isnt even part of the eu said they would take refugees in , because they believd it is a crisis for the whole of europe not just the eu . 
  or das experiment . 
  neighbouring countries ? 
  you mean lebanon and turkey ? 
  you just disabled your own argument . 
  read the report instead of just flaunting it around thinking it will magically support whatever you say . 
  the floodgate was already open , though . 
  we cant blame germany for acting according to law . 
  they might have been wrong in shouting the floodgate is open . 
  but yeah , imagine if the immigrants were 25 % of your population ( lebanon ) or 33 % ( kurd . 
  region ) . 
  0.1 % ( europe ) is not a near impossible situation , especially since a few of the richest countries in the world are in europe . 
  this is a serious situation , thats being handled badly ( though i blame lack of union in the eu ) , but we shouldnt panic . 
  it will be handled better once nations will actually work together and stop putting their own interests before the union they decided to join . 
  dude , read your sources instead of assuming . 
  syria wasnt part of the research due to security concerns ( syria being an authoritarian dictatorship ) . 
  ah , ok . then we agree . 
  i thought you were agreeing with op , which made me misread your statement . 
  but how do you propose this filtration should happen ? 
  isis is the largesr and richest in the region , though . 
  and yeah , sure people fled under assad too ( and they still do ) , but we went from hundred thousands to millions . 
  you do n't think the videos of is massacaring villages has anything to do with that ? 
  that or assad 's barrel bombs . 
  i think the scary fundamentalist are mostly the people who stay . 
  the people who flee are for a large part from the bombed out cities . 
  anyway , i think its very silly to call this large group of people fundamentalist . 
  yeah , but saying theyre all religious zealots coming here is perfectly nuanced . 
  and how is it an oversimplification . 
  isis has half the country under its control . 
  and you name conflict between two parts of islam as a cause to flee , yet deny it has to mostly do with religious fundamentalism ? 
  that makes no sense , sorry . 
  it 's mostly this sub . 
  people are more relaxed irl , without denying the severtity of the situation . 
  but here on this sub people jump on sensationalist articles , or make sensationalist claims , and it gets upvoted , which encourages others to do the same . 
  luckily this sub is not a good indicator of how things are in the eu now . 
  you do know that most of these people flee from religious fundamentalists , right ? 
  yeah , they 're from a warzone , not the middle ages . 
  and think about it , what 's better ( aside from the bare essentials ) to have on you on a long trip like that than a smartphone ? 
   not much news is to be found about them . 
  that 's because they 're silently plotting to take over . 
  i agree with your point , but a friendly advice . 
  do n't call people nazi or imply it . 
  it doesnt help to strenghten your point , on reddit even serves to weaken your point , because instead of talking about your argument the dialogue goes to `` why is everyone called a nazi ? '', 
  even though your argument is correct ( they * do * follow the law ), 
  who actually reads the op and clicks the links ? 
  best to jump straight into the comments and kneejerk . 
  they would have bad luck , because we 're housing us nukes in nl , 
  the uk is an island and always thinks it is untouchable . 
   it 's almost cute , how detached from reality western europeans are . 
  it 's almost scary how far or eastern europeans are detached from reality . 
  these people are not going anywhere , as they have a right to request asylum in most european nations . 
  instead of closing your eyes and ears and shouting nonononono , realize they 're here and they 'll stay . 
   unless germany and other countries of the old eu plan to direct some new and additional funds specifically aimed for the refugees , they will get nothing more than the ( poorly heated ) roof over their heads and spam sandwiches twice a day . 
  you do n't think this is going to happen ? 
  this is what 's being talked about amongs leaders , but many eastern european leaders already have unilaterally said `` no , you solve it '' . 
  before a plan was even on the table . 
   best case scenario -- political suicide for the ruling party ; worst case scenario -- riots and refugees being treated as outright enemies by the very large and disenfranchised part of the population , convinced ( and quite rightfully so ) this money should first go to them . 
  probable scenario : it 's mostly funded by eu money ( which comes from all of us ) nothing happens , really . 
  life goes on . 
  dude , what europe has now , we had in the 50 's and 60 's when half a million indonesian refugees moved to nl . 
  nl is tiny . 
  know what happened ?
