  all i 'm saying is that it 's very weak to blame the eu for that . 
  i understand the reasoning why the situation is like that , but i dont think it 's an excuse . 
  as a citizen of your country , it is still your responsibility . 
  oh and i totally agree with your last point . 
  we have our corruption here too . 
  difference is , it doesnt affect us normal citizens all that much . 
  in th east the same ca n't be said . 
  we deport illegal citizens constantly . 
  we have a whole governmental department that deals with it and theyre quite efficient . 
  dont paint it more negatively than it is . 
  the reason why so many people have lived illegally here , is because this is a very attractive place to live . 
  not because it 's easy . 
  and why do you think border security is the only deterrent ? 
  giving them a place where they can actually live well is a far better detterent to leave . 
  why do you keep talking about these people as prisoners or criminals ? 
  they are people who are fleeing war , they need help not more prosecution . 
  peacefully protest then . 
  you really think corrupt politicians would have a foot to stand on if a lot of people were calling them out . 
  they exist by the grace of its population 's apathy . 
  the eu just deals in the current situation , trying to make the best out of it . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_romania  racism is mostly directed against the romani people , the country 's third-largest minority , who are routinely discriminated against by the state , local authorities and private enterprises , in matters of housing , employment and education . 
  but you 're right . 
  that one incident in france totally absolves romania of any wrongdoing . 
  we 're not talkig about criminals . 
  they are seeking asylum , which is not a crime . 
  these people want to and need to live somewhere . 
  especially in western europe , it is not easy to live illegally . 
  first of all , you wont get any benefits , second its hard to find a place to live and third many places wont hire you . 
  so instead of being criminals on the run , these are people who will , one way or another , come in contact with authorities . 
  sure you will always have people who stay hidden , but many will be found eventually . 
  that literally says it is improving . 
  so why do other countries do not have these problems ? 
  what makes you unique that the eu has to corrupt you to make you mallable ? 
  what ethnic ghettoes ? 
  i have a lot of eastern europeans living near me . 
  but to call the neighbourhoods ethnic ghettoes ... 
  crooks you and your countrymen have elected . 
  what ? 
  that peace is here because our countries benefit from working together . 
  to share problems instead of ignoring them . 
  and to benifit together when things are going well . 
  that 's what kept the peace . 
  most eu members have no nuclear deterrents anyway . 
  a center is not a fucking camp with shitty tents . 
  a center has four walls and a roof . 
  but no . 
  you make sure their identity is processed and share this info with other eu countries , so when they do run , they can be found and sent back . 
  why you think of it as a prison is beyond me . 
  it 's more that we western countries are pissed . 
  we had solidarity with eastern countries , yeah this is what we get . 
  a complete lack of solidarity . 
  we dont use these funds as a threat ( its impossible . 
  its set for 7 years ) , but next time you shouldnt come knocking for more help . 
  that 's what these politicians are basically saying . 
  i have no idea . 
  i do know that these young people take their euros back to poland and spend it there . 
  so i 'm not sure what point you are tryin to make . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roma_wall or just use a strawman argument instead . 
  fix your own shit then . 
  they are your politicians . 
  dont blame the eu , blame them !, 
  point still stands . 
  do n't blame the eu for the ineptness of your politicians . 
  blame them . 
   the czech republic is one of the eu member states that receives more from the eu budget than it contributes . 
  in 2012 , the czech republic received from the eu budget nearly three times more than its contribution . 
  this is likely to continue in the upcoming years . 
  but they live in literal slums , and people build walls between them and the roma so they stay out of ` normal ' areas . 
  dont act like you treat these people in a humane way . 
  sure , they cause problems and they are partly to blame , but building a wall around them and just ignoring them is terrible and is only going to worsen the situation . 
  were you complaining about marxism when money from eu member states flowed your way ? 
  we ask the same solidarity now , but instead you simply say ` no , not our problem ' . 
  it 's sad . 
  it was n't our problem that your country was failing . 
  70 years peace , what a mess !, 
  yeah , there are enough of those among the natives anyway . 
  yeah , lookig at the numbers , the east benifits a lot more than the west from those investment . 
  same as we do these pas decades ? 
  this isnt a new problem . 
  asylum centers usually work well . 
  even though these people were already on the way before this was major news and before merkel made her comment . 
  do you really think these people would n't be here if merkel had not said that ? 
  come on , hungary benifits most from the eu . 
   in 2013 , hungary 's public expenditure amounted to around huf 14 388 billion ( eur 49 billion ) -- that is less than the huf 42 823 billion ( eur 144 billion ) eu budget for the same year . 
  however , it represented 53 % of the country 's gni , whereas the eu budget for the 28 member states was around 1 % of the union 's gni . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mycountry/hu/index_en.cfm edit : lol truth hurts, 
  yeah , but only for a second . 
  you 're way out of touch with reality . 
  all i see is buzzwords and paranoia . 
  maybe you should look around more instead of getting your worldview from.clickbait articles . 
  the majority of foreigners are well-adjusted , it 's ridiculous for you to act like it is the other way around . 
  he literally said as much . 
   i am comparing those who supported slavery back then ( big uk cotton business and upper classes ) to those who want to sink refugee boats today . 
   the eu was peaceful because of its prosperity and homogeneity , which is going to be destroyed now . 
  nah , it is peaceful because we stopped bickering and fighting , and started working together . 
  when europe was way more homogeneous and also very prosperous , we had two world wars and a shitton of ` smaller ' wars before that . 
  hell , after ww2 most immigrants came in , and we had very little war in europe since . 
  not saying these are connected , but it punches a sizable hole in your theory . 
  it 's a union . 
  you give and you take .
