thank you !, 
  searching for ink worked apparently . 
  here is a link to a lot of newsreports about it : http://nwhyte.livejournal.com/2400883.html so far it is clear that the german-born marie-louise kwiatkowski forged , with the help of her employer , a press pass that had the fake name karen cooper on it . 
  `` before the incident she distributed a statement claiming that london city authorties had appropriated plans without permisson her plans for building a vast internatonal conference centre in london . '', 
  she also refused to apologise to edward heath even after she had spent 40 days in solitary confinement and was convicted to 6 months in prison . 
  when questionend in court she said that she was a socialist , a member of the labour party and that she threw ink at heath because in heropionion he was unfit to be prime minister . 
  but it gets even more bizare afterwards . 
  after her release the 31 psychology teacher tried to enter the united kingdom and was rejected three times . 
  she eventually disguised herself with a wig and entered illegally . 
  only to hold a press conference in a hotel room with her wig and to be immediately send back to germany by the police . 
  in germany she said `` now i ` am happy '' and met a norwegian photographer to shoot nude photos with her some time later . 
  it 's a completely unbelievable story . 
  does anybody know why edward heath was attacked by that `` german lady '' with black paint in brussels at that european enlargement ceremony in 1970 ? 
  google only provides results about pedophilia and when i specifically exclude those results it gives me basically nothing . 
   this is n't about police reports . 
  it 's about press releases . 
  is n't that the same for the public ? 
  the public can only read the the press releases not the reports itself . 
   and most certainly , this wo n't help reduce any of the problems : neither the attacks , nor the supposed racism . 
  it might even increase it . 
  additionally it becomes rather apparent that they are just trying to hide evidence that could be used against government policies . 
  this stuff seems very dangerous to me . 
  should have been `` stockholm police banned from describing criminals anymore in case they sound racist '', 
   according to an internal letter , police in capital city stockholm are instructed to refrain from describing suspects ' race and nationality , according to news website speisa . 
  the article suggests it only applies to the police in stockholm . 
   according to an internal letter , police in capital city stockholm are instructed to refrain from describing suspects ' race and nationality , according to news website speisa . 
  the article suggests it only applies to the police in stockholm . 
   ` we want to avoid pointing out ethnic groups as criminal , ' police say then why include the gender in police reports ? 
  would n't you want to avoid pointing out a gender as criminal and what about age ? 
  would n't you want to avoid pointing out age groups as criminal ? 
  i mean that is one way of dealing with crimes committed by migrants . 
  we will just not report that they were migrants and problem solved . 
  now they are just young men and that means we can use that data to tell young male swedes how horrible they are . 
  yes there are actually people who believe this . 
  talk about ( in ) conveniently left out :  the total under negotiation was * 16 billion marks of debt resulting from the treaty of versailles after world war i which had not been paid in the 1930s , but which germany decided to repay to restore its reputation . 
  * this money was owed to government and private banks in the u.s. , france and britain . 
  * another 16 billion marks represented postwar loans by the u.s. * under the london debts agreement of 1953 , * the repayable amount was reduced by 50 % to about 15 billion marks * and stretched out over 30 years , and compared to the fast-growing german economy were of minor impact . 
  germany received 1,42 billion us dollar from the marshall plan and repaid all of it . 
  the source you are citing talks about the debt germany had because of the war reparations for world war i and ii . 
  additionally the second aid package ( 2012 ) reduced greece 's debt by 52 billion $ . 
  but why are we talking about german debt now ? 
  what has that this to do with greece 's debt ? 
  the marshall plan was 13.12 billion dollar for europe of which greece received 693 million . 
  in today 's money that 's around 6 billion us . 
  dollar or 5,3 billion $ . 
  in the year 2014 alone the budget of the european union paid greece 5.14 billion $ . 
  basically greece already receives a marshall plan annually and they still ca n't manage their budget . 
  a better analogy would be : the european union gave the banks who lent to heroin addicts assurances that they would pay and the heroin addicts complain that they did n't receive any money from it . 
  the bailout was about greece 's debt . 
  it is about the money they already owed . 
  it is about the money they have already spent . 
  love her commitment to keep that window clean though . 
   safe third countries so far are only the eu memberstates , swiss and norway - the dublin states the list is a bit eurocentric since it does n't have canada , usa , australia , and japan on it . 
  but in practice this list is basically useless since the article 16a of the gg already prohibits people from eu to receive asylum . 
  they might as well just say european union + norway and swiss . 
   turkey does n't do this in many points - so we ca n't send somebody back to ask for asylum there . 
  where do they violate the geneva convention or human rights ? 
  the only thing i know would involve the kurdish pkk which the eu considers a terror organization . 
   both is not related to being able to send back refugees to turkey which had already found refuge and had taken it there . 
  for those other countries do n't need to grant refuge anymore and the threshold is much lower . 
  but turkey only signed the geneva convention for european refugees . 
  so it does n't grant syrians refugee status but only guest status . 
  which is only temporary and can easily be revoked . 
  this interpretation would also make the border crossing into greece legal since they were not allowed to request asylum in turkey . 
   you seem to live in another country or read other news  no , we just have different opinions on what this article means . 
  that sounds really strict at first but the next paragraph reveals what this means in reality . 
  that means of the almost 60.000 afghans that did n't receive asylum only 7654 have to leave the country or will be deported if they do n't do so . 
  everybody else was allowed to stay temporary in germany . 
  basically , for me , this article means that the federal government tries to have at least the possibility to deport people from afghanistan so that they can tell the csu that they are doing something while not using this measure . 
  it 's a great example of `` symbolpolitik '' . 
  this is also why we have so many `` duldungen '' and while the number of actual deportations rises , it remains to be a very low number . 
  the number of deportations is also very low because most of them return voluntarily to the balkans . 
  political aftermath of suggesting the deportation ( since they definitely do n't want to leave ) of 100.000 s of syrian immigrants is imaginable . 
  just remember when the president of the migration ministry ( manfred schmidt ) said that the 143 $ a month as pocket money is too much because it is the average pay in some balkan countries . 
   the last big change just happened a few weeks ago i 'm aware of the one from 2015 . 
  i meant the 1997 one  . 
  i was too young to know what was happening . 
   i do n't think turkey is a safe country for all asylum seekers by now and i do n't think the conditions there are already like they should be . 
  how so ? 
  there is no war in turkey ( even with the pkk stuff ) and it provided refuge for millions for years . 
  if turkey does n't make the list of countries you can deport immigrants back to which countries would even be on that list . 
   if somebody applies in a country , there is first a check which dublin country is the responsible one according to dublin how would that work ? 
  germany sends all of the immigrants back to greece and hungary so that they then deport them back to turkey ? 
  i know that this would be the way that dublin intends to . 
  but in the current political climate here in germany i ca n't imagine anyone saying anything negative about refugees or even suggesting sending them back . 
   our asylum laws got much stricter in 1997 and they got much stricter in 2015 . 
  this time with support of also e.g. 
  a green state leader . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm a bit too young to know this , 
  first of all i 'd like to thank you for being so civil about this . 
  because i did this in a hurry and at one point i sadly even quoted the wrong article . 
  i 'm very sorry for that . 
  i think we agree on what the geneva convention says but we disagree whether or not this could be applied in germany . 
   she is just negotiating for that also . 
  to better the situation in turkey and to make deportations to turkey from europe possible in the future . 
  she will never be able to do this . 
  because of the people you mentioned :  i also did n't like how she handled that . 
  but the outrage by so many people was pretty hypocritical . 
  it 's the `` nobody is illegal ( niemand ist illegal ) '' people that will make sure this wo n't happen . 
  if angela merkel would address the parliament and say from now on turkey is a safe country .
