  the news that you will imprisoned as soon as you reach germany in combination with swift and thorough deportations would certainly have had an impact so that we would n't have to deal with this massive amount of migrants . 
   the attackers were from north africa in part at least , but that is probably not really the point . 
  also nobody is saying that people coming here on asylum should get to stay here forever , should be able to fully settle down . 
  once the civil war is over they will have to go back to syria . 
  why are people mixing up immigration and asylum so much ? 
  because after 7 years they get a german passport . 
  the turkish workers that came to work `` temporarily '' in germany did n't return either . 
  make no mistake you will not see these people leave . 
  if it would be actually the case that they would return after the civil war is over that would make things way easier , but not less expensive sadly . 
  pro-asyl estimates that from the 1 million that came in 2015 400.000 will stay . 
  the syrian that are still on their way to us not included . 
  if you then manage to speak at least a few words of broken german you will receive your german passport . 
   they provide shelter , but not necessarily enough food or drinking water and no education for their children . 
  that would have to be solved there not in germany . 
  as far as i know does the geneva convention only mandate occupational powers to provide education not to countries who provide asylum . 
  i could be wrong about this though . 
   can you please put a distinct clarification between immigration and asylum ? 
  because prohibiting immigration completely seems like a recipe for a disaster ( and is also incompatible with the eu treaties immigration follows asylum . 
  that 's you will hear so much about integration in the news . 
   how is it illoyal to the german people to allow people fleeing from civil war asylum in our country ? 
  they only flee from that to their neighboring countries like turkey . 
  after that they are no longer fleeing from that and are therefore not refugees . 
  if there was a civil war in poland and millions of poles would flee to germany that would be fine . 
  what would n't be fine is when they went through germany , the netherlands , belgium , france , spain and portugal to get over the gibraltar straight into morocco because morocco would pay more social benefits . 
   is it also illoyal to allow for the east expansion of the eu because that caused more economic migration . 
  we are looking at almost 2 million poles in germany . 
  no , because : 1 . 
  the expansion is economically advantageous for germany 2 . 
  they can live in germany but i can also live in poland 3 . 
  they are culturally so similar they do n't need to be integrated 4 . 
  they are equally good educated 5 . 
  no radical islam  similar things apply to me . 
  i am in mathmatics though . 
  now the 392 < 404 makes so much sense xd  see , but at least for me and i think for a lot of other people it is not about feeling good it is about adhering to moral principles . 
  how does denying migrants asylum violate those moral principles ? 
  they should be allowed to apply for asylum but none of the applications should come back positive . 
   we should however get the other members of the eu to help aswell . 
  how would you do that ? 
  they seem to be determined to not take anyone , especially with brexit and stuff looming . 
   also one thing i do n't quite get is what people are so scared of happening . 
  why do we get the same fears rising up as during the yugoslav wars or during the eastern expansion of the eu . 
  i was n't alive back then but i think measures to drastically reduce migrant flow where taken after more than 400.000 came . 
  so a lot sooner  the fear is what happened to other countries with such mass migration . 
  ghettos will start to appear in general more crime . 
   yes we all pay our taxes so our state can function and enact its decisions . 
  you will always fund policies with your taxes that you do n't support in one form or another , that 's just how taxes are set up and i think ti is better than havign to raise money for every individual project because it also means that things like unemployment benefits can get financed . 
  the problem is not that the government collects taxes from me . 
  the problem is that they use these 12 billion $ to achieve nothing . 
  if you would take these 12 billion $ and would set them on fire you would still have used them better than the german government did because it would have been mildly warmer for a short period of time in the surrounding area . 
   that is another issue and i do n't really see why it makes sense to link these two together . 
  politicians often say that the demographic change will be solved by mass migration . 
  it is connected because government has a limited pool of money it can raise . 
  if you waste 12 billion $ on mass migration that benefits no one that money is missing in other budgets . 
   germany is also nice and it also actually is n't htat easy to get a blue card for germany . 
  yes , it 's was easier to be syrian migrant . 
   you want to deport people without giving them the chance of even getting refugee status ? 
  nobody si disagreeing that those where it has been decided that they have to leave the country immediately should also be deported . 
  i thought if they did n't have refugee status meant that whether or not they are refugees was already determined . 
  did i misunderstand you there ? 
  i still ca n't really see the problem with my solution . 
  these people are entering germany illegally often with false documents or the deliberately destroyed them . 
  so put them under arrest until there identity is secure and there application for asylum came back with a positive result . 
  which it should n't because by the time they are in germany they are no longer refugees . 
   no , they have been in hte bordering countries for the most part , but the funding for these camps had been stripped more and more with more and more people coming in . 
  people also just saw no future for themselves or their kids in these camps . 
  and can you give me the line from the geneva convention or it 's amendment where this would be a legitimate reason to travel through half of europe to some extremely distant land just because it gives the migrants more benefits ? 
  i think this is just madness . 
  there are a lot of countries that are poorer than syria . 
  are all allowed to come ? 
  they have the same reason to be here right ? 
  not to mention that these `` poor '' people spent 10.000 s of $ to smugglers . 
   there is a difference between deporting people under the dublin rules and sending them back home though . 
  you could also say that the living standards in ex jugoslavian countries are not up to european standards , but still we deported people back there . 
  about that i actually looked a bit into it and i could n't find any mentioning of the \u00a7 1 in those bundesverfassungericht decisions . 
  it also only applies to greece and not italy . 
  if the bamf manages to get a assurance of the italian government that these families will receive a proper shelter they can be deported . 
  they reasoned that they asylum system in greece is not how it supposed to be according to eu rules . 
  it is still a ridiculous decision but changing that would be a very easy rule change that would n't mean slaughtering the gg . 
   what is inherently wrong with backing a dictator from the perspective of the us though ? 
  also they might be a stronger ally than syria , but certainly not stronger than turkey . 
  turkey for example still controls the bosporus . 
  public perception and it usually backfires . 
  hussein , gadaffi , assad and backing countries like saudi arabia becomes increasingly unpopular . 
  i can at least not imagine a u.s. president openly meeting and working with these people , especially after the election in november . 
  hillary may do it in secret but for the other candidates that would be a major blow to their credibility . 
  liberating kurdistan however would look very good on television . 
  it would be the last resort to get erdogan in line . 
  erdogan wo n't be in power forever so what he does afterwards is not really relevant because i ca n't imagine turkey leaving nato . 
  he may behave like a spoiled kid for a few years but in the end he has an image to uphold to his citizens . 
  they ca n't see him lose . 
   the thing is that wo n't happen . 
  do you really think the bundestag would pass that intervention ? 
  how do you spin that that it is considered defence ? 
  the terror attacks in paris or brussels have shown that an uncontrolled flow of migrants is a recipe for disaster and it was only luck that germany was n't hit . 
  it is imperative for the security of germany and europe to create at least a place in syria where these migrants can be safely deported to . 
  something like that , i guess . 
    what do you want to put them in prison though for ? 
  and why ? 
  having them in prison is certainly more expensive . 
  they entered the country illegally often with false or completely missing documentation while already having applied for asylum in different countries of the eu .
