  also it 's a great way to discourage them . 
  putting asylum seekers in prison in general would n't be unique either but i 'm only asking for that for people who did so illegally . 
  i believe latvia puts all of their asylum seekers regardless of where they came from in guarded prison-like camps to make sure they know who they are giving asylum without endangering the general public . 
   we have an open border agreement with france though and as you very well know the assailants were french nationals and not refugees . 
  offspring of middle eastern immigrants , yes . 
  if you are trying to calm people by saying it 's not the current migration wave you need to worry about . 
  you need to worry about the frustrated youth of the next generation then you are not calming me because that number is even greater than the 1 million i was talking about . 
  also since european nations give out nationalities like candy they do n't need to be surprised when there are extremists among them . 
  the problem was and is still too much migration . 
   oh i fully agree on that , but people will flee from civil war and if nobody provides refuge in the area they will look further . 
  they do provide shelter and they still look further only because we are allowing it . 
   oh i do not think this is fine . 
  i just do not think the solutions are as easy as so many seem to think and i am also just not willing to throw away our grundgesetz over this ( hyperbolically ) . 
  that 's fine . 
  but i still do n't really see the big change that we would have to make to the gg to make my immigration policy happen . 
  mostly is just the application of already past national and international legislation . 
  ------------------------------------------------------- at the beginning of this you asked who puts migrants above natives and while the op did n't really deliver on an answer . 
  for me it 's loyalty . 
  the current immigration policy of germany does n't reflect loyalty to it 's own people , to put it 's citizens first . 
  i know everyone on the internet claims to be really important but i 'm currently finishing my bachelor in chemistry and afterwards there will a master and after that probably a phd . 
  and while i do n't receive baf\u00f6g i am still grateful that i could receive a high quality education for very little money ( in international comparison ) . 
  yet after i am finished i will not stay to see the outfall when this catastrophic immigration eventually will blow up in these `` gutmenschen '' 's ( i do n't include you in this ) faces because they want to feel good about themselves . 
  and since my own country treats me like just a means to generate the at least 12 billion $ annually that this immigration will take instead of using it to invest it in families so that we can actually get solutions to that demographic change . 
  i do n't see why i should be loyal to this country . 
  norway seems nice . 
  they have a reasonable immigration policy and the numbers that go with it . 
   that is not true . 
  \u00a7 1 gg also applies to those without a refugee status , which is why these people get that . 
  if they are without refugee status they should have been deported . 
   the civil war in syria does not end because we do not take in people . 
  the government of eritrea wo n't stop persecuting people becasue we do n't take them in . 
  these people do not suddenly not have to flee . 
  the syrian civil war started 2011 . 
  are you telling me that for 4 years the migrants did n't know about central europe and have been running in circles while they are still fleeing ? 
  the fact that turkey provided them shelter and so on is technically enough to stop any migration that illegally entered the eu from turkey . 
   no that would be going against the rule of the bundesverfassungsgericht that ruled the deportations to greece , italy or hungary impossible because deporting there risks the human dignity of the people deported great , now i have to check on that . 
  september 2009 ( az. 
  that is a completely insane decision . 
  when the syrian civil war would end tomorrow and the living situation in syria instantly would go back to what it was in syria before 2011 . 
  their living situation back home in syria would n't compare to european standards . 
  no wonder no one is deported . 
  where should we deport them to . 
  sweden ? 
  i bet we would n't even be able to deport them to france because their asylum system is just pure evil `` according to some reports '' ... . 
  sounds to me like there needs to be some law changes made to stop this nonsense . 
   and how do you get us support ? 
  why should the us want to go against one of its big allies in the region . 
  kurdistan like a israel would be a stronger ally than syria ever was . 
  obviously you would help them build their democracy and that would mean the us would n't have to back a dictator to have another strong ally in the region . 
  it 's a win win . 
   i do not think calling that bluff would be particularly hard because erdogan and turkey know very well that such an intervention would not pass in the bundestag . 
  then pass it and actually do it . 
  i 'm just tired of turkey using this migrant crisis to blackmail europe . 
   there is a big difference between a declined asylum application and being `` unmittelbar ausreisepflichtig '' though . 
  if your asylum application gets rejected you have the right to appeal that for example . 
  and they could do so in prison . 
  after that is declined one way ticket home . 
   as you said for most of the people from the balkans this was rather easy and as such they got deported . 
  knowing our bunderverfassungsgericht that was a miracle . 
  i need to write an thank you letter for those employees at the bamf because they have been finding that one or two serbians that they could actually deport . 
   and yes the number of people this year might be very well in the 100.000 s and that will be a logistical nightmare , but it is mostly that a logistical nightmare . 
  we have people with ak47s running through paris and blowing up airports in belgium . 
  you ca n't let 100.000 s of these people run around . 
   it just takes a while to create the capacity needed to handle this influx . 
  the current influx is neither sustainable for germany nor the region the came from . 
  i ca n't believe i actually found someone who thinks that 1 million migrants a year is just fine . 
  but i guess that makes this conversation more fun . 
   technically it is less though , but i get your point . 
  but again the government tried to reduce it further only for the verfassungsgericht to intervene . 
  because the government gave them a refugee status they did n't deserve . 
  treat them as migrants not refugees and the problem is solved . 
  there are no causes of flight n austria and greece . 
  just as there are no causes of flight in germany for the migrants that travel further to sweden . 
   i agree that something would change , but i believe that something would mostly be that these countries would just rigorously enforce their borders if it is only used to control the flow illegal migrants than . 
  yes , that would be a great day . 
   the issue i see is that it would be very tough for greece to actually do that and certainly would require some draconic measures ( for example cutting the ferry services from the islands to the mainland , basically leaving the islands to collapse ) if nobody takes in migrants they would be discouraged to make the journey in the first place and therefore not a lot of them would show up . 
  also it 's not very hard to watch over a small shipping canal with greece 's massive navy and coast guard . 
  maybe they should ask spain or frontex for help they have been doing this for years and are doing just fine . 
   the balkans have already been declared that as far as i am aware . 
  people fleeing from the balkans have been going down and down over the last months essentially stopping in the last months of last year . 
  with the exception of macedonia ( which should be on that list too ) . 
  i just wanted to put that in there to stress that i fully support that decision . 
   having turkey be a `` sicherer drittstaat '' is something that i see more critical , especially because turkey did not sign the 1967 protocol to the status of refugees . 
  that status could be temporary but in turkey is no war , they are not abused and the receive food and shelter from turkey and money from the un . 
  this is as good as it gets outside the eu . 
   anyways people seeking asylum in germany by definition have to arrive through a `` sicheres drittland '' because all eu members aswell as switzerland ( and norway ) are classsified as sichere drittstaaten . 
  right , but that would mean actually enforcing european legislation . 
  ca n't have in the eu   so you want to imprision anybody coming to germany seeking to apply for asylum ? 
  no , anyone who enters germany illegally  with whom do you want to stage such an intervention ? 
  with our american and european allies . 
   also are you planning to attack turkey to create that state ? 
  no , the state would be created in today 's syria . 
  from turkey 's border up to the city of al-hamah , so the first 200 km of syria will be used to create kurdistan . 
  kurdistan could be for kurds what israel is for jews a safe heaven for their people . 
  so technically i would attack syria and split syria in half to destroy it 's influence and power in the middle east . 
  but it is more a way to put pressure on turkey to play ball . 
  because nothing would erdogan fear more than a sovereign country for the kurds directly on his border . 
  it should be really easy . 
  with u.s. air support you literally could just drive the kfor to syria and they would have no problem to defeat some badly organized `` wan na be '' islamic state idiots and that failure of a dictator with his shitty old russian tanks . 
  not that i would actually think that assad would attack any german troops or european troops for that matter .
