  people would be able to seek refuge their and therefore we do n't need to grant them asylum . 
  newspapers , leftist organizations ( amnesty international , pro-asyl , etc. 
  ) , the opposition and , her own coalition partner ( spd ) would tear her apart . 
  because those people already criticized her for not granting asylum to people from africa that traveled through the entire african continent and cross the mediterranean sea from tunisia and egypt . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that what we discussed would be called promoting `` fremdfeindlichkeit '' in germany . 
  i will combine all the three posts you made and only answer here because otherwise it 's confusing . 
  your interpretation of the geneva convention and it 's protocol would be considered right wing ( like the afd ) in germany . 
  which was my original point and which is why i said that this is borderline hate speech . 
  since any negativity towards refugees gets you grouped with the pegida people . 
  just remember the little girl from yemen that cried on tv with merkel only saying that `` not everybody could stay '' . 
  imagine she would suggest deporting syrian refugees back to turkey . 
  now to your claim that this would be legal under the geneva convention . 
  there is no obligation under the refugee convention or any other instrument of international law that requires refugees to seek asylum in any particular country . 
  and even if we would ignore that germany would have to prove that the refugees were able to apply for asylum in turkey . 
  and even if we could manage that we could only send them back to turkey if turkey accepts them back , which is highly unlikely . 
   had been violating the geneva convention for at least the last 18 years , and dublin would also be a violation . 
  they did . 
  which is why they were never practiced for syrian refugees . 
  i think you should read the [ geneva convention ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) especially article 26 :  article 26 freedom of movement : each contracting state shall accord to refugees lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence to move freely within its territory , subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances . 
  i consider the afd a right wing party . 
  so the aftermath of any association with them or what they say is what i would consider political suicide . 
  and the afd members with their open allegiance to pegida have been called bigots and islamophobic . 
  it is when you reveal the implications that this would entail . 
  if they would reveal that declaring turkey a safe country would make it almost impossible for syrians to gain asylum the opposition would crucify them . 
  now imagine merkel and the cdu would want to change the geneva convention ...  and it is more or less german law since the mid-90 's which is not practiced otherwise we would n't have accept any refugees at all . 
  because they traveled through at least greece , austria or the czech republic to get here . 
  it is when you reveal the implications that this would entail . 
  if they would reveal that declaring turkey a safe country would make it almost impossible for syrians to gain asylum the opposition would crucify them . 
  now imagine merkel and the cdu would want to change the geneva convention ... 
  it 's interesting . 
  a quote like this :  `` if you stay in turkey for 2-3 years , ( a country that itself ) is free from war , should you then be allowed to head on to europe and seek asylum ? 
  today the rules say yes , but we need to discuss that , '' would be considered borderline hate speech in germany . 
  basically political suicide . 
  if they are poor they sadly wo n't have savings . 
  work place pensions favor white collar workers at big companies and further increases the poverty in already poverty stricken industries like the service industries . 
  and basic welfare will be extremely difficult to provide if your number of old people is rising while your number young people is shrinking . 
  the main point was however that the ideal birthrate is 2.1 to be exact . 
  it just keeps the current population size stable and there are just as much young people as there are old people . 
   by extending retirement dates ? 
  if 50 years ago you were already spoiled after a couple of decades of hoeing fields , i do n't see why you should apply the same criteria in 21st century . 
  that would hurt the poor the most . 
  you ca n't work in construction ( for example ) past 60 . 
  you are effectively cutting pensions with such an policy . 
  i saw this post and thought : `` yes , no refugees . 
  just some awesome travel pictures '' . 
  and then :  claire and i had already decided that we did n't want to visit auschwitz , neither of us felt emotionally ready for such an excursion , and claire had family who died there . 
  oh when you are german history is a bitch . 
  ... do you not know how to use google ? 
  i also said that even if it is lower than the replacement levels , it is still significantly higher and therefore disproves her point . 
  but since you are apparently not able to google i will answer your question . 
  iceland and ireland have a median fertility rate of 2 . 
  the united kingdom , sweden , norway have a median fertility rate of 1,9 . 
  finland and belgium have a median fertility rate of 1,8 . 
  this fertilityrate is even higher among the less educated women . 
  if european countries are not enough here are some other examples that you could have found if you knew how to use google : new zealand has a median fertility rate of 2 . 
  australia and the united staates have a median fertility rate of 1,9 . 
  ... do you not know how to use google ? 
  i also said that even if it is lower than the replacement levels , it is still significantly higher and therefore disproves your point . 
  but since you are apparently not able to google i will answer your question . 
  iceland and ireland have a median fertility rate of 2 . 
  the united kingdom , sweden , norway have a median fertility rate of 1,9 . 
  finland and belgium have a median fertility rate of 1,8 . 
  this fertilityrate is even higher among the less educated women . 
  if european countries are not enough here are some other examples that you could have found if you knew how to use google : new zealand has a median fertility rate of 2 . 
  australia and the united staates have a median fertility rate of 1,9 . 
  france has a median birth rate above 2 . 
  this birthrate is even higher among the `` poor '' . 
  depends on the country . 
  in many european countries that is not the case . 
  but even if it is , it is still significantly higher and disproves your point . 
  you do realize that the `` poor '' have more children than the `` rich '' ? 
  more specifically the more education women receive the less children they will have . 
  technically `` secure borders - secure future '', 
   the problem is that you are arresting people that have done nothing as far as we know , which is problematic . 
  it is also just more expensive than housing them in emergency shelters . 
  illegally crossing borders is nothing ? 
   i may have missunderstood that then . 
  regardless i do not think that the dublin system is in any way sustainable . 
  probably true , but it could be a short term solution . 
   the issue is what is to gain by alienating turkey ? 
  and turkey will retaliate if we try and `` liberate '' kurdistan . 
  if we do this we most likely can just forget about a deal with turkey . 
  we would n't need the deal with turkey . 
  it would be easy to negotiate a deal with kurdistan that migrants that reach germany can be safely deported to kurdistan . 
  it 's a win win situation . 
  if erdogan realizes that we are serious and he does n't block a deal to return those migrants back to turkey we finally get what we need . 
  if he does n't do so we will liberate a kurdistan in north syria and deport all syrians from germany in the now big safe zone in former north syria now kurdistan . 
  maybe i should have explained that more detailed  . 
   i disagree here . 
  these attacks have shown that there is a problem with radical islam , but again these perpetrators were not refugees . 
  where is the direct link ? 
  the current migrants are n't refugees either . 
  they were both however migrants from the radical islam hot spot . 
   again how is that effective though ? 
  what are we trying to achieve here ? 
  and where do you take the prison capabilities for that from ? 
  i do n't disagree that you have to figure out who these people are though and if they deserve asylum . 
  the bamf is/was just completely overburdened with that task . 
  mostly discouragement to not even start the journey . 
  this is a measure that should have been put in place early last year ( or even sooner ) .
