16 , you ? 
  in your country , maybe . 
  what 's yours ? 
  why do n't you have a flair for it ? 
  heh , man , that suggestion can fuck right off . 
  no confrontations though ? 
  especially from the drunks ? 
  i think i 'd sooner take an uber . 
  i linked him for all the others who read here who are n't from the netherlands and did n't read about him on the news . 
  if i need to shop , fuck that . 
  i 'd have enough to carry from my shopping already . 
  i 'll ask the shopkeeper to throw something in her trash bin if there is n't a public one in the store . 
  well , i would only do that if i ca n't find a bin in the restroom either . 
  not unless you 're joran himself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joran_van_der_sloot oh , you could n't be him . 
  i heavily doubt peruvian prisons allow internet access . 
  since you taught me that `` sloot '' means `` ditch , '' you also reminded me of joran from the natalee holloway case , so that 's why i put the two-and-two together and realized his name was `` joran of the ditch . '', 
  they miss and hit the concrete , or ... ? 
   if they offer you , you are old enough . 
  you know what all crazy shit drinkers do when they 're drunk enough ? 
  drinking clouds your judgement-making ability . 
  they may not have offered me ( nor intended to ) while sober , so it would 've taken becoming drunk first before offering me to join in their drunkenness ... 
  if anyone called me canadian , i 'd fake a canadian accent and throw stereotypes at them , you know , out of humor at their mis-assumption . 
  it 's like how someone reacts to a misspelling : `` sure , i want a smack ! '', 
  ( really wanted a snack . ), 
  then they get smacked . 
  is it possible to tell an austrian and german accent apart ? 
  how can foreigners ? 
  where do you expect to put your trash then while on the go ? 
  why did n't they think see-thru bins would suffice ? 
  remember , * alcohol clouds people 's judgment abilities . 
  * they may have thought i was too young to be fit for drinking , when they were sober . 
  what , like there 's a law against it ? 
  you remind me of how we ca n't wear swim-trunks to sentos ( artificial public baths ) and onsens ( naturally-formed public baths ) in japan ; we all have to be naked . 
  i had trouble with it when i first got acquainted with these places . 
  welp , corporations come and go . 
  they enjoy their heyday for a time , then have to pass the baton to another and bow out . 
  * nokia & motorola 's decade was the 2000s . 
  * samsung and lg 's decade is this one . 
  * fuck knows what smartphone manufacturer will own the 2020s . 
  i 'll do the uber then . 
  why would n't lyft establish in the uk ? 
  nah , if i need a steaming room , i 'll come in wearing swim-trunks . 
  besides , as a teen , i could be liable to get molested . 
  yeah , south of the mason-dixon line ( or well , south of dc for those who does n't know what the mdl is and where ) , they 're called rebels . 
  ( and what else ? 
  as a northerner , what 'd i miss for you southerly folk ? 
  as an upstate new yorker , i guess i could pay more attention to european history class instead of have fun on my smartphone or laptop or tablet in the back of class . 
   it 's as if as i would say '' oh you 're american , do you have recipe for poutine ? '' . 
  haha , i 'd laugh . 
  i 'd point out that 's a quebec dish , so i 'd not be able to help you , however you could google for it ... we may border canada , but how many foreigners will confuse new york for canada ? 
  i 've read that taxis are expensive-ass in london . 
  how about an uber or a lyft then ? 
  why did n't the scexit referendum win then ? 
  is it because your people still hold resentment at hitler stealing your country in 1938 ? 
  i thought that 's everywhere . 
  milk before cereal , in the us , was , as i read once , a predictor to an observer that that kid was going to end up in prison one day , and he did . 
  wait , nokia does n't still make ? 
  wtf !, 
  russia has too much land already ; they need to return the land to finland that they stole in ww2 ( viipuri , et al. ), 
  whoa , what year was this ? 
  and i thought small parts of the wall remained standing today ? 
  why are vegans frowned upon in portugal ? 
  lol , fuck , dude , how 'd he respond ? 
  how 's that a problem ? 
  albanians may wish they were andorrans ; that country 's pretty well off . 
  so what ? 
  how does that hurt anybody else ? 
  ( i 'm too young to drink , so it does n't hurt to learn ahead of time . 
  and what is the minimum drinking age for you ? ), 
  i guess joran van der sloot must mean `` joran of the ditch . '', 
  you know , the guy from one of the dutch territory islands who allegedly kidnapped natalee holloway ? 
  so what 's the principal drink of belgium ? 
  til heineken is n't german ? 
  triggered ? 
  how come ? 
   gr\u00fc\u00df gott what , like there 's a different way for canadians to say `` what 's up ? '', 
  i just ran it through translate . 
  they both say `` good day . '', 
  surely there 's more than one meaning for each phrase , and some meanings that are n't shared , right ? 
  wait ... used to be ? 
  when 'd that change and how come ? 
  why tf would anyone ask that ? 
  it 's common sense much like how we know the president . 
  til there is legitimately a pair of drinks named the `` twin towers '' where you are !, 
  good one ! '', 
  i was only 1 year , 9 months old when 9/11 hit , so i sure could n't remember the tragedy well enough to feel offended by it . 
  well then , wtf are the differences then ? 
  that must be like saying boston is in ny ... or what 's a good analogy here ? 
  maybe because garbage bags are n't seen in public back home ? 
  perhaps public trash cans are n't common in japan . 
  wait , what land does san marino sound similar to ? 
  but , does n't their zoo have one ? 
  i 'd bet there was high demand for one historically !, 
  that spaniard has got a point . 
  some foreigners may want their personal space . 
  what better way to have said personal space while having places to go ? 
  if someone 's in denmark , why would they call locals `` swedes ? '', 
  makes no sense ... 
   if while trying to say something in our language you say a spanish word , i will instantly assume you 're a stupid cunt .
