why ? 
   it 's hard to believe that scandinavian countries have a lower purchasing power than some other big european countries , even though their cost of living is higher . . 
  i thought their purchasing power is lower * because * thier cost is living is higher ? 
  itt : people liking their own country 's flag . 
  is the tracker really live and correct or is it based on estimations ? 
  i 'm german but i have british ancestors and have thus been to yorkshire once fifteen years ago . 
  i liked the landscape and the people , but i did n't like the atmosphere . 
  it felt like everybody was waiting for something . 
  when you are in london , it feels like everybody is doing something important . 
  it seems like the whole prospertiy and life in the country is being sent to london to create a world-city . 
  i even read that airports in the country are not increased in size in order to make heathrow even bigger to keep the title of europe 's biggest airport . 
  in germany i always have the impression ( just like you said ) , no matter where you are , you are part of the whole society , no matter if you are in berlin or any other city with 10k inhabitants . 
   [ ... ] bochum in the ruhr valley , nordrhein , westphalen [ ... ] i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard someone speak more positivly about bochum . 
  but if you are that impressed , i 'm curius to hear what you think about other german cities . 
  you still should n't create false hopes . 
  true . 
  at first it also may seem strange that a lot of people that voted for die linke in the past now vote afd which means they went from far left to right . 
  but this just shows that voting die linke is voting protest as well, 
  sad news, 
  two questions : * why are the surplus votes of [ nial ring ] ( http://clairebyrne.ie/counts/animation.php?count=dublin_city_north_inner_city ) shared among the rest not immediatly ? 
  * if there 1000 votes for a seat a needed and a canditate gets 1010 votes . 
  of the 10 surplus votes , which ones are the ones being redistributed ? 
  but it was also critized that the morrocon embassy just did not answer to requests . 
  also , if the morrocons are okay now with checking fingerprints , why were n't they okay with it a few months ago ? 
   when it 's done nothing but cooperating the talks took place because morocco has not been cooperating . 
  which talkshow apart from anne will did she apear in ? 
  what das americanization do to someone ? 
  i can understand it . 
  they leave their countries because they want a future and think they can earn a lot of money and there are lot 's of jobs in europe . 
  well , there are , especially here in germany , but you need years of training and need to learn the language . 
  they are just being naive and some of them have an attitude like gim me gim me gim me, 
  til, 
  well , i was a bit exaggerating . 
  if i return from prison , i have the chance to create a new life . 
  what i was trying to say is , if i want to be successful and went to prison because . . 
  i raped a woman , my collegues will probabl not like that . 
  for minor crimes , the social punishment will be definitly smaller . 
  so do n't be worried !, 
   the people in the train station on new years eve were behaving that way because they could . 
  just today i read an article , that the german law system is not made for a situation like this . 
  everybody behaves ( mostly ) according to the law because we have the feeling to be punished if something happens . 
  we do n't need to be punished to know this , we only learn that this can happen . 
  if there are people other cultures , they do n't live with this feeling . 
  they know they can do anything until they get punished . 
  also , the justice punishment system works way better with locals . 
  i do a minor crime and have to go do court ? 
  what a shame , i would n't tell people . 
  if i have to go to prison for a month ? 
  if i 'm lucky my collegues still will have lunch with me . 
  on the other hand , these guys from cologne have nothing to lose . 
  when they are living in a refugee 's home , they have a bed and something to eat . 
  they also have that in prison . 
  they can not be sent home because their countries do n't take them back . 
  so how to punish them ? 
  the joke is that croatia and slovenia are so close to each other ? 
  it was n't a single word email . 
  the misunderstanding could be broken down to one word . 
  [ last election ~ 60 % ] ( http://www.bpb.de/nachschlagen/zahlen-und-fakten/bundestagswahlen/205686/wahlbeteiligung-nach-altersgruppen ) i read in another article that a lot of the lithuanian population moved to west europe to find jobs but is still registered in lithuania , which explains the low voter turnout . 
  is that correct ? 
   big hype  37,8 % we seem to have different standards for voter turnout . 
   this election also featured record numbers of youth ( 18-35 ) turnout : 37,8 % which doubled since 2012 election ( 18 % ) :o, 
  5 dm , good old times ... 
  work smart , not hard !, 
  yes , that 's the reason . 
    i am hardly blaming germany hardly = kaum, 
  you could just argue the other way around : if a head of government has to worry being elected again , they make sure that they get things done to get re-elected . 
  by negative effects of bias , do you mean that an existing government is more likely to be kept in office ? 
  also , what do you mean by germany uses other mechanisms for term limitation ? 
  thankfully my meeting ended yesterday and i 'm back home . . 
  the bundesbank 's opinion is very highly respected in germany . 
  the trick is that the meeting is being called informal . 
  would you advice someone to come to latvia for holiday ? 
  i have n't decided yet where to go on my holidays . 
  what does that expression mean ? 
  yeah , noticed that as well . 
  having seen 20 % of the video , i think he did an okay job . 
  one has to admit , that it 's not really sexy to defend the eu although ( or maybe even because ) it 's right on a very rational basis . 
  is he always sounding as nasal as in that video ? 
  see edit, 
  why should n't there be other reasons for other countries ? 
  edit : misread, 
  where do you get that conclusion from ? 
  what non-white-people or women problems do you have in mind , that could not be fixed by white men ? 
  us dick , got it ? 
  why ? 
  what were the rules ? 
  what are the republicans doing in north carolina ? 
  the whole country has seven passport offices ? 
  here you can get a passport in the district you are registered in , and every district has several offices . 
  you really had to go from london to belfast just because there was the only free appointment ? 
  have a free internet hug . . 
  how is the fact that he belongs to the german minority seen in romania ? 
  do n't get it . 
  do you mean ` also ' ? 
  but is n't being annoying quite subjectivly ? 
  who decided that ? 
  no , it does check out , but he did n't see the second sentence :  headquartered in berlin , it is a private joint-stock company ( ag ) , with the federal republic of germany being its single shareholder . 
  not 450 $ ? 
  really nice . 
  questions : * everything seems to exist in three languages .
