there is no law in any country in europe that bans you from saying those things . 
  you can go to jail in the uk for `` islamophobia '', 
  the other way around ... 
   they 're at least xenophobic , if not openly racist so if i 'm againts mass immigration i 'm `` xenophobic , if not openly racist '' . 
  yep ... you are an idiot . 
   most disgusting form of racism . 
  is that what you call stopping mass immigration ? 
  i take it you do n't like multicultural paris ? 
  yes , i do believe that islam is a threat to european culture . 
  islam and european culture are incompatible . 
  if they exist together , conflict is inevitable . 
  right now the western european governaments ( and media ) are tripping over themselves trying to appease the muslims and islam and at the same time completely disregard the natives and there culture , values , traditions , histroy and most importantly demographics . 
  this is a very big problem because it makes the muslim extremists feel strong and in charge and makes the european natives fall into extremism . 
  political correctness is rampart and causing massive problem . 
  a good example would be the 6 pakistani muslims who raped 1400 white birtish little girls ( rotterdam grooming gangs ) police knew about it but did n't do anything out of fear of being called racists . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  in the media they where called under the general term of `` asians '' to avoid talking about the truth and that is that muslims are very much overrepresented in crimes , especially rape where most victims are native women . 
  sweden is another good example , gang rapes where never a thing until muslim immigration happend . 
  again , this is never talked about because its not politicaly correct . 
  i know that not all non-european immigrants are muslims but most of them are and this brings up another problem , europeans have very low fertility rates , below replacement rates , with mass non-european immigration and high immigrant birth rates , this is make things even more difficult . 
  nobody wants to become a minority in there own country , dose n't matter if the people who are replacing them are extremists or pacifists , people will fight for survival . 
  the western governaments are to weak to do anything about this . 
  i believe that at this point , an ethnic and religious civil war is innevitable , again , i belive civil war is innevitable , it will happen somewhere in the next 5 years , most likely in the uk but it will spread all over europe . 
  it wo n't be just againts islam but againts non-europeans in general . 
  both ca n't coexist peacefully , one has to be removed . 
  those where just actors . 
  fuck this anti-war propaganda , men need to protect there countries . 
  the cat is out of the bag ... well played !, 
  or maby the mass immigration ? 
  most of them are muslims . 
  origin had it long before . 
  took valve so much time for this . 
  yes , let the hate flow , ca n't handle the truth . 
  a gay parade is stupid . 
  who the hell do they even need a parade ? 
  ca n't they just mind there own buissnes and everyone will do the same . 
  why is it that they need a special parade just for them ... its stupid . 
  eastern europe is a good place for gays , compared to many other places in this world , we do n't kill them like in iran or saudi arabia . 
  multiculturalism dose n't work anywhere . 
  5 years ago http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed, 
  i argued that the governament needs to look after its own people and you ask me for `` some kind of study from a reliable source '' ? 
  what is it that you want ? 
  its just common sense , what do you need a study for ? 
  do you want a study that proves that its better to have normal birth rates instead of mass thrid world immigration , most of who are part of a culture hostile to the natives ? 
  if you need a study for that , then you are either blind or insane . 
  thank you for telling the truth !, 
  a government should prefer to support its own people and never need outsiders . 
  if they spend a fraction of the money they use on immigrants to support swedish women having more kids , all of this madness would be avoided . 
  europe wo n't help you . 
  your own governament wo n't help you either . 
  they will just grow in number and it will be impossible to deport them . 
  calling it right now , ww3 ... 
  no its not there fucking home . 
  they are outsiders , forever . 
  as a romanian , i care about norway more then those people . 
  fuck the `` guilt '' . 
  send the army to deal with it , if not , do nothing . 
  but it can destroy a sovereign state with mass immigration . 
  i 'm a romania and suport norway all the fucking way !, 
  norway for norwegians !, 
  the `` refugees '' can fuck off . 
  `` you should stop kicking out western educated foreigners like you do right now . 
  moroccan or african graduates from hec paris , the london school of economics or ruprecht-karls-universit\u00e4 are n't going to destroy your countries or cause trouble . 
  those people work very hard and are often treated extremely unfairly by immigration officiers . '', 
  i agree and disagree . 
  yes they are not a problem but i think they sould stay in there own nations . 
  if the best of the best leave for europe , then the nations they leave will never get any better . 
  the non-educated masses need people smart people to help them and right now all the smart people are leaving for europe . 
  they should stay . 
  what ? 
  do you think things go better ? 
  do n't worry , it wo n't end with sweden . 
  silly , europeans are not important , they can die for all the elite care . 
  look at sweden , they give zero fucks about the natives , some politician even said that `` ethnic swedes do n't exist '' . 
  i would become a terrorist againts the governament and i 'm sure i would not be the only one . 
  some people do n't like there culture , tradition , language , history , race , religion to be removed and replaced with something else ? 
  how dare he !!!, 
  fucking nazi racist communist hitler nationalist cis white male scum !, 
  what an asshole , i do n't agree with him at all . 
  i 'm very very pro immigration myself . 
  i think it should continue , no in fact , i think it should increase untl all traces of the swedish ethnicity , culture , language , histroy have been removed for good . 
  its called progress and its good !, 
  `` yes , i agree , but i think that all nations have an obligation to accept refugees/asylum seekers who are under threat '' spoken like a true retarded swede . 
  what a joke . 
  enjoy your country getting turned into a shithole . 
  nobody has any obligation to accept these people . 
  sweden has a obligation to protect its people , nothing more . 
  i 'm sure when the swedish people will become a minority due to low birth rates of the natives and huge birth rates of the immigrants + immigration they will treat you well . 
  i 'm sure it will be something like how they treat white people in south africa ( go look it up ) . 
  thats the future of sweden right there . 
  when your country will become and islamic shithole and your culture , tradition , language , history , race , all of them will be whipped out , i will pray for the innocent and laught at people like you . 
  bottom right corner of the video , second button is for subtitles . 
  i have a solution for this . 
  more immigrants !, 
  that will fix everything , trust me sweden , its for your own good . 
  immigration is good , mass immigration is national suicide . 
  never go full retarded , cameron ... do n't do it . 
  this is a smart move by romanian , when north korea takes over the world , they will give us europe to rule over . 
  just because you are an immigrant in france dose n't make you fucking `` french '' the same thing goes with every other country . 
  `` never become multicultural ''
