  im pretty sure someone already downloaded everything . 
  god damn , you couldnt use reddit without being reminded that comcast is hitler . 
  glad i unsubbed, 
  it isnt about the satellite analysis , its about the path of the russian buk system in ukraine . 
  bellingcat did more than the satellite analysis , which turned out wrong . 
  you did read the report , didnt you ? 
  other user pointed out that some are already public . 
  your linked article is about the satellite picture analysis of bellingcat . 
  those arent talked about in the report of correctiv . 
  why did you post it ? 
  they actually didnt allow tpp articles for a while , atleast news . 
  it was going overboard , an article a day with nothing useful added . 
  but there were plenty of news and politics submissions . 
  as long something huge is coming out , no need to spam these subs with it . 
  how do you explain the articles in news and politics ? 
  reddit hug of death, 
  maybe search at your local university library ? 
  if its a decent size there should be books and stuff about it . 
  http://www.deutschlandfunk.de/griechenland-schulz-warnt-vor-nein-beim-referendum.868.de.html?dram:article_id=324536 i took the statements out of this interview with martin schulz , where he claims pensions would be cut in 2019 , as they belief was , until then , the economy would be better . 
  as you said above , juncker probably meant with no cuts no things that will affect the people in greece in a near future . 
  but if he meant that , he should have said it more clear . 
  its often about nuances in how to communicate things like that . 
  i really have to look it up , i will check back later !, 
  as far i understood the last idea of pensions cuts , it was proposed to reduce them in 2019 , where the eu hoped the economy of greece would have been risen a bit . 
   all it 's bureaucratic , democratic and other flaws . 
  those are problems of a complicated process , who takes a while . 
  i really hope it will improve , because i believe in a united europe, 
  i thought you were talking only about the restaurants . 
  what ? 
  in every restaurant i ever was in germany , at first they give you a receipt , then go and come back a little later to collect the money . 
  i remember sitting on the balcony and breathing heavy cause of the thick , hot air . 
  everything was so difficult to do , the heat just sucked up any energy you had . 
  that sounds lime freaking hell . 
  damn, 
  how oldare you ? 
  i saw it in 2003 i think , was a nasty summer, 
  you have any source of it , i only heard the former point of needing co payment !, 
  which city do you come from ? 
  i follow the war a bit , if you dont mind my curiosity . 
  did you flee early on ? 
  trough north africa or turkey/lebanon ? 
  anyone is referring to the terrorists who dont see death as negative . 
  hence the `` who ... '', 
  how can anyone loose who actually loves the concept of dying for a cause ? 
  if they are dead they are martyrs, 
  if someone shoots at you you really cant scream its forbidden . 
  if they dont respond they get killed . 
  its shit , its disgusting , but the minority here can understand how it feels if your home gets attacked . 
  why ? 
  probably the racism aspect of the charleston shooting is more controversial . 
  his parents are from bosnia, 
  no problem , but you reminded me to stop looking at so much fucked up shit . 
  people in concentration camps , being a living skeleton , a man shoots another man with a rifle in the back , bodys in the street of sarajevo , much blood , helpless faces of people . 
  you dont have to look at it , just google the names and read wiki articles on them . 
       my guess is it will get more ridiculous , the more details of their `` plots '' emerge . 
  would be curious to see how you `` plan '' the burning of a refugee shelter , e.g. 
  i can hardly see someone making a fluid dynamics model of gasoline on their computer with cad data of said shelter . 
  or something along `` dear diary . 
  next week i 'm going to burn the mosque . 
  i bet they found a google map search in the browser history and will try to present that as `` evidence '' for a bombing plot . 
  that makes no fucking sense . 
  of course they could have material for bombs or notes what to attack . 
  why wouldnt that make no sense . 
  of course they say planning , investigation is still ongoing and they will release a statement about what they found . 
  ah sorry , i misunderstood what you were trying to say, 
  im on mobile , but the eu and germany are still investigating . 
  i hope they will sue the us , cause thats illegal and not really helpful between partners . 
  just because a us court doesnt say it was illegal it didnt happen.that logic is flawed . 
  do you think all the regime installation of the us were legal ? 
  cause no us court said they were illegal . 
   i do n't think the nsa did anything illegal they did . 
  they spied on american citizens , spied political partners , wiretaped rooms of the european union etc. 
  thats illegal , sorry . 
   all their actions are covered by laws like the `` patriot '' acts no  snowden knew he had no chance in court thats everyone can agree on . 
   if he did n't agree with what the nsa did , he sould have quit . 
  wow , im impressed how you see the problem . 
  if you are a government employee , and you would see something morally and ethical wrong , you would just quit and do nothing against it ? 
  its important that there a people who do it , because the nsa had noone who would control them . 
  imo , this attitude is dangerous . 
  the implication and the danger from uncontrolled spying and misuse of governmental power should be critised and exposed . 
   who 'd be impressed with the fire brigade turning up to your burning home and dousing it with petrol ? 
   that metapher is not really doing justice to the problem mass spying brings to the table . 
   but i do n't share the cultish enthusiasm for assange same , i like the the leaks and the plattform for whistleblowers , but him as a person , no . 
   no offence try harder , maybe then i get triggered   if you want truth you do n't fight lies with lies how does that represent the current problem ? 
  the nsa lied , or better , just never talked about it . 
  where do i take quotes out of context ? 
  im sorry i didnt find the english article on it , its not on the webpage of nbcnews anymore . 
   not convince me that keeping an eye on islamist organizations they do . 
  thats what i wanted to show you in my last post , but you ignore it . 
  they dont need that spying program , its working already without it . 
  i have never stated anything else , if you would read what i wrote . 
   something america is not entitled to do after the horrific events of 2001 i have never stated anything contradicting to that . 
  they did more than only keeping an eye on it , and thats their right . 
  they even started wars , one not really justified . 
  * the basic thing is : terrorism defense works without that big spying program . 
  it adds nothing to the effectiveness . 
  the boston marathon bombing for example , foreign intelligence agencies warned the fbi . 
  they didnt found any danger , that can happen and is tragic . 
  but apparently mass spying didnt help . 
  is resisting governments because they misuse their power wrong ?
