awesome article , thank you for that rational opinion . 
  its rare in todays discussion i see . 
  itt : racism , nationalists , people who give a shit about people who try to have a better life , who have no idea how world economy works and how directly we are involved in their current bad situation, 
  last year of the ddr , look it up , i think about 1 million people demonstrated against the regime . 
  then dont be offended if others say theirs , pointing out that you could be wrong, 
  you dont have to like something to tolerate it . 
  just keep your mouth shut , why you care so much about a person like this ? 
  let her live , accept people are different , and dont rage because of a contest were she was elected through other people !, 
  do you have links to all those accounts ? 
  is it to hard for you to show them ? 
  im just asking , im fully aware that it happens on both sides , but why dont you show some links , if you know it so good ? 
  do you mind to share some links ? 
  lol, 
  i have fun . 
  mostly because nazis are still in the minority , even if they are attacking refugee hostels . 
  and im also glad that we are not sharing the same country . 
   they are nazis , nonetheless . 
  sorry man , but im done . 
  biggest bullshit i heard all day . 
  do you have any proof im not ? 
  its getting kind of ridiculous . 
  i am didnt expect anything else from you . 
  not answering questions , dodging around sourcing any claims you made . 
  you cant discuss any topic . 
  do you ran away or insult people if you dont know a answer to their questions ? 
  im an atheist , i do have a bible too here . 
  and books about buddhism , judaism and so on . 
  cause im interested in it . 
  i know that you are looking for any excuses to not look up things . 
  i dont blame you , refusing to inform yourself is a vicious cycle that leads to anti intellectualism . 
  and thats why you are leaving this discussion , because you want that anyone accepts your view , but the second your view is questioned you are running away . 
  its really pathetic . 
  and im glad that you are still on the internet ranting . 
  in which points is their culture like nazi or communist culture ? 
  can you pin point some details , because right now you havent delivered a single source for any of your claims . 
  i have their book right here . 
  so you didnt read it , but you read so that you know not to read it . 
  is that correct , or am i missing something ? 
  you and me both know about the burden of proof , so i wont talk about that anymore . 
  what exactly do you see a problem in europe with their culture or beliefs ? 
  do you any examples ? 
  how do you think one could improve it ? 
  in which way can we help them as apparently their is a big culture difference . 
  how would you help them , having the human rights convention and asylum laws in mind ? 
  do you have a link for this ? 
  why do you think the refugees are in any form comparable to nazis ? 
  what makes you believe it ? 
  which invasion ? 
  where was it declared ? 
  who declared it ? 
  why do i dont see anything of it ? 
  why do you doubt it ? 
  many fled because of is . 
  its a subreddit , chill man, 
  i thought you were talking about another one . 
  i would have removed it too , sarcastic arent really discussion worthy , imo . 
  you can see when the threads are edited , so you can see when something new is added . 
  im glad the sub isnt clustered with separate threads about it . 
  made the content really shitty here . 
  not going to call names , but apparently those were temporary bans . 
  but he has a history of breaking rules , maybe that was a point at deleting it . 
  apparently the guys who care that much about immigration arent as active as thought . 
  if you solely care about that issue , there are other subs for it . 
  happy cakeday btw !, 
  apparently he is evading his ban . 
  sitewide bannable rule . 
  please explain how a stickied post is silencing any discussion . 
  dumbest shit i read all day . 
  apparently up to 50 killed , but its chaotic situation . 
  hopefully not that much . 
  its a different video . 
  your linked video is probably from another guy there . 
  but they are showing different angles amd different things . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21579140-germany-now-dominant-country-europe-needs-rethink-way-it-sees-itself-and http://www.noz.de/deutschland-welt/politik/artikel/520110/merkels-und-deutschlands-unfreiwillige-fuhrungsrolle  from germany therefore a leadership role in europe is often expected . 
  the germans themselves arent keen of it . 
  http://www.dw.com/de/deutschlands-f%c3%bchrungsrolle-in-der-welt/a-15717207  not only within the european union is the expectation on germany to show leadership in the crisis increased . 
  the pics show him standing around near the police . 
  not exactly illegal or worth an outcry about it i think, 
  my prof has power point presentations with 60 pages full of text . 
  he speaks nonstop . 
  many people really cant express it so good , but i think its more like this : give them money right now , so the critical problems are solved and people stop to suffer . 
  the talking about how to let greeces economy grow again should be next and only after the basic problems are taken care of . 
  thats what i understand from these demands . 
  i dont like how the eu , germany etc acts , but to a degree it seems necessary . 
  i would want to avoid any suffering of the people , but the discussion has reached a new emotional level . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  of course there a shitty conditions , but money isnt given out freely without conditions . 
  declaration of war my ass . 
   yes , it is about satellites in the #facts link i just posted not in the report . 
  please cite where the report cites these satellite reports . 
  im waiting . 
  no need to call me a retard if you didnt read the report . 
   i did n't say anything about the report , only about bellingcat , which is mentioned ... you literally responded to someone linking the report , posting an , to the report , irrelevant blogpost . 
  the investigations from bellingcat of the path of the buk system were right . 
  you simply trying to discredit the source . 
  edit : now deleted comment i responded to :   those arent talked about in the report of correctiv . 
  why did you post it ? 
   yes , it is about satellites in the #facts link i just posted ... what is wrong with you ? 
  are you retarded ? 
   i did n't say anything about the report , only about bellingcat , which is mentioned ...
