  what the hell is that . 
  whoops !, 
  you have n't given me a single example of the terrifying brainwashing catalan school . 
  this comment of yours has been like a surrender . 
  you ended up giving the same pointless points evey spaniard , and only a spaniard , as no one in europe thinks like you would give . 
   but this argument in the whole is pointless then why you spent those 3 hours and those 40 paragraphs ? 
  duh  all these efforts from the part of so many citizens here are going to waste . 
  manifestations , t-shirt designs , museum expositions , debates , everything is just so damn pointless ... why do n't you just give up ? 
  efforts going to waste ? 
  everything is pointless ? 
  give up ? 
  this demonstrates you know nothing about what the hell is going on in catalonia yet you do a god damn 40 paragraph long thread about it . 
  the amount of hate your last comment reflects is bigger than i could ever imagine from a `` catalan '' . 
  talking about social pressure ? 
  what social pressure ? 
  and give me a damn example of a corrumped text book . 
  you talk a lot about a lot of things and you have n't given a single source . 
  you ... you looked like a brainwashed . 
  tell me , what have you lived/seen/suffered ? 
  you have seen text books ? 
  okay , these text books have been aproved by the central government so if they do n't even ban the `` tales '' we teach here it must mean there are not such tales . 
  you are paranoic . 
   edit : i never wanted to spark such a violent and hateful discussion , mainly provoked by independentists that downvote en masse everything they do n't support , no matter how elaborate it is . 
  dude , not even in the apology edit you leave us alone . 
  it is hard for me to believe that all the 15 upvotes of my comment which is at the top are from independentists brainwashed zombies of the upvote/downvote . 
  i would like to think other people in reddit have their opinion . 
  yet again unlegitimizating and undervaluing other people 's opinion . 
  i have n't seen a single comment agreeing with you or repsonding to our brainwashed comments upvoted by the independentist brigade of the upvote . 
  there has to be a reason for that , has n't it ? 
  i have only downvoted you 3 times . 
  i bet you have downvoted me more than that , but whatever : http://imgur.com/nm1jvhc, 
  then come join us at the eu , folks !, 
  together we are stronk !, 
  it is not called repression , lol . 
  it is called dignity and having sense of shame . 
  i am not telling you what to do . 
  you talked about the things you were interested in , and the things you were interested that the people read . 
  i am more than sure that in this subreddit there are more pro-union ( spaniards ) than pro-independence . 
  it is not like we are a brigade of salty catalans downvoting everything which does n't adjust to our thoughts . 
  you can make 2 conlcusions : the pro-independence support of the catalans is even bigger than you thought or the rest of the spaniards do not give a shit . 
  i believe it is the first one . 
  you say your posts are -4 because of the slaty independentists , but if i 'm not wrong there is more people than spaniards in reddit . 
  are they also brainwashed or corrumpted ? 
  how is it that not most comments pro-independence but pro-democracy are completely upvoted and comments like yours are not ? 
  oh my fucking god ... 
  not only portuguese history , i am afraid . 
  if it 's your opinion then you ca n't say you are a `` neutral observator '' . 
  dude , this post is the definition of demagogy , a word that you have used against me in a discussion above . 
  you positionate yourself as neutral yet you only talk about few things and completely ignore others . 
  you are trying to sell / r/europe all these bunch of personal opinions from a clearly unionist person under the tag `` neutral '' and `` objective '' . 
  at this point i would even delete the post if i were you because every comment you do here dicredits the thread . 
  no , it has been voted right because you have positioned youself as `` neutral '' , which is an absolute lie . 
  people think this post sums up what has happened in catalonia in the past and what 's happnening in the present but it is not . 
  this dude is n't independentist , that 's for sure . 
  the thing is that probably is n't even from catalonia . 
   independentist manipulation wtf ... 
   nor do you know how deep the history of catalonia i have studied i have figured it out . 
   what you say about nationalism is completely and utterly wrong . 
  nationalism in the modern sense is only a cultural construct that exists since two centuries ago and is bound to disappear again . 
  go tell a scott they are english , go tell an american they are brits , go tell youself , as a spaniard , that you are mexican . 
  nationalism has existed since ever . 
  maybe i should call it patriotism , actually , that was my bad . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that people are how they are for a reason . 
  it is not arbitrary . 
  as a catalan i 'm 100 % proud of all the things my country has done , all the battles , the wars . 
  i have heroes , just as lots of brits would consider churchill as a national heroe , for example . 
  however , i give 0 shits about what spain has done . 
  colonize and anihilate more people than the nazis did during the holocaust in south america ? 
  i would be ashamed . 
  the funny thing is that today is spain 's national day and you celebrate that , the fact that today more than 500 years ago , the majority of the population that were living there had their death sentences signed . 
  you are making a huge mistake thinking that nationalisms or sentiments must adjust to the borders and jursidictial limitations we currently have . 
  it is totally the other way around . 
  the borders and the countries in the world must adjust their limits to the ones the people demand . 
   also , `` every word you say , every sentence '' is an insult to my post , my intelligence and a complete act of demagogy , and i request you got that back off unless you write three posts at least as long as i have done , to at least demonstrate the thing `` every word you say , every sentence '' . 
  i do n't know how can you take this as an insult . 
  you are telling me to back off because my posts are n't as long as yours . 
  well , here you have : huwdgveoweybfenf8uhre0f8yb0r8efbher8hfv90wksmedwe dwue9hfd98wehrfrewferfnerufnwunrefuwernfunwerfubewr8fy 9whjed9hweudnwunefuhwreufhweunfun bullshit bullshit bullshit bla bla bla . 
  when saying `` every word you say , every sentence '' , i 'm just showing my disagreement towards your `` completely scientific and empiric post with no sources '' . 
  if you are that arrogant and selfish to take it personal it is none of my business . 
  also , i ca n't find where the demagogy is in there , to be honest , but personally making a 3000 words long post to say the least from a `` neutral position '' which underestimates and undervalues the independentist movement and the catalan people has more demagogy in it than whatever i have written that has bothered you so much . 
  edit : want some demagogy ? 
  here you have : [ what they want you to see ] ( https://twitter.com/aliciascamacho/status/521271508124307456/photo/1 ) . 
  [ what they do n't ] ( https://twitter.com/pilarcarracelas/status/521301187027808256/photo/1 )  the airport thing was just a small detail that in no way has a big influence over the importance competition between bcn and madrid . 
  and yes , i 'm in favor in having more int . 
  flights from here . 
  how the hell does this have no big influence ? 
  it is all about opening to the world . 
  every non european citizen which wants to go to barcelona , for business or tourism , has to flight to madrid first . 
  and viceversa . 
  i am telling you again , you should have left that airport thing buried because it ca n't help you in any way . 
  i have n't insulted you . 
  and of course i use the word `` opression '' there 's no better word for it . 
  and if you think there has been opression only during the xxth century you have just confirmed you have no idea what you are talking about and that the whole text is garbage . 
  it is so hard for me to believe that this thing has been written by someone who consider himself `` a catalan '' ( judging by the flair ) . 
  but who knows , everyone can pick any flair so i could take a uk flair and do a post like that telling bullshit while you say you are * neutral *, 
  there ca n't be brainwhash because what is taught in catalonia is pacted between catalonia and the central government . 
  you are trying to say that in catalonia we can make up everything we teach like '' we won wwii alone '' and it is just not true . 
  the history we teach in catalonia is the same that they teach in the uk or in germany ... 
  main objective of the post : convince all / r/europe that the catalan movement for the independence is just another evil move by mas to get i do n't know what . 
  all those 1.5 milion catalans who have been concentrating in the streets 3 years in a row were just government puppets who were obliged to manifestate their claim for independence by force against their will to stay in spain .
