  the existance of autonomies is something beyond control of the pp . 
  and francoism has n't been condemned fucking anywhere in spain . 
  there are still mass graves to be unburied and criminals to be prosecuted . 
  the investigations of war crimes and crimes against humanity have to be undertaken by fucking argentina because pp wo n't let that happen . 
  to make it clearer . 
  it 's pp the party that refuses to change francoist streets names , not only refuses to investigate the crimes of francoism , but also blocks all attemps at that . 
  it is begginng to be offensive . 
  every non madrid fan looks down on them . 
  i see your point but americans have n't reached the hero status for the wars they 've taken part `` against communism '' ( vietnam , korea ... ) . 
  they are heroes in their country but i think you were implying a hero status as in the world sees them as heroes , just like you would consider the allies in wwii . 
  it is utterly moronic since the `` generalissimo cup '' is just the former name of the current copa del rey . 
  if bar\u00e7a has the most it only means they won them , lol , it 's not like these cups were handed by franco to the club that supported him the most ... 
  ok good on you . 
  very interesting . 
  you can calm down as well , i have n't rewritten anything . 
  http://resultados.elpais.com/elecciones/2015/autonomicas/09/ no far-right party even got 0.1 % of the votes , while in spain vox got 0.2 % ... http://resultados.elpais.com/resultats/eleccions/2016/generals/congreso/, 
  beyond ridiculous statement . 
  i 'm pretty sure at least the third link ( the only one i 've been able to check yet ) was a non-official , clandestin award . 
  \u00d2mnium cultural is an indepenentist association so it sounds weird to me . 
  none of which has been passed by the party that has ruled with absolute majority and will keep ruling for 4 more years . 
  most moronic point in the thread . 
  do n't worry . 
  while catalonia is so similar culturally and ideologically to spain , some people are on the quest here to make it look like we have always been a backwards region . 
  to add to what i said , barcelona was one of the cities to be restlessly bombed during the war . 
  my grandfather got an injury from the blast that has fucked him for life . 
  the population had to get used to living with the constant fear of an airstrike . 
  they were n't rare at all . 
  yes , the fascists troops marched into barcelona with no oppisition left because there was nothing to fight for . 
  the war was over and every effort would result in a massacre . 
  it was for the best to let them enter without a fight . 
  the fact that there was n't a ground battle for the city does n't mean that it did n't perish during the war . 
  ok so out of 47 million people in spain , only ~ 50.000 are sympathetic with franquism ? 
  pp receives shitloads of votes from people who would have forbidden all the regional languages years ago and jailed the entire catalan government for what they are doing , for instance . 
  what ? 
  this thread is ridiculous . 
  in catalonia nobody gives a shit if a retard burns a catalan flag . 
  the difference is that when another retard burns a spanish one , the press and lots of people go mental demanding juditial action . 
  yet we are the nationalists ones , heh . 
   is n't the movement losing support day by day ? 
  that is said in almost every thread concerning catalonia and it is the exact oposite . 
  good luck in life taking sides of matters you have no idea of because of a comment from a random internet guy . 
  catalonia has always been a religious region . 
  that being said , catalonia has probably been during the last century the place where most churches have been burnt and more priests has been killed by popular uprisings . 
  every elder person in catalonia will probably know of a church that was burnt during their childhood or a priest that was hunted down and killed . 
  in catalonia , just like in the rest of spain , the church aligned with franco . 
  however , that did n't barely draw any support of the people . 
  also , some religious sectors refused to collaborate or give him support which is an almost unique thing among the different regions of spain . 
  barcelona , just like the rest of catalonia was relentlessly anti-fascist and anti-franco . 
  the only franco supporters were the fat cats of the city , the owners of factories and businesses and the rich . 
  that amounts to a 5 % of the population at most , considering how much more inequal wealth distribution was back then . 
  why the fuck would you believe the `` they just hated him for trying to build a spanish nation instead of being a despicable person '' ? 
  is that how easily you are influenced ? 
  literally all fucking propaganda pasted in the walls everywhere was anti-fascist and pro-republican/anarquist/communist . 
  before what was n't the case ? 
  that catalonia was left-leaning ? 
  catalonia was ruled by the anarquists and the comunists . 
  the ruling party was current erc which at the time was much more left-leaning than today . 
  not that it matters since , as i said , the anarquists had the power . 
  catalonia had a massive industry and a massive manpower of workers . 
  * of course * they were leftists . 
  when the right got absolute majority in spain in 1934 , in catalonia the left won the election . 
  saying that catalan society at the time was conservative and supporting of franco is plain out offensive . 
  very hard to choose . 
  my current favs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0awue4u3dew https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjwlxz4wdqu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79fofsdooxy, 
  ministry of silly referendums ? 
  yes !!!, 
  hahaha i have always though that !, 
  catalonia and madrid are perfect triangles , while galicia is a decent square and andalusia is somewhat of a rectangle if you look hard enough . 
  we have a geometrically appealing country, 
  do n't worry hahaha i found it funny, 
  i like it because it 's not only `` rectangle '' , but a shit one . 
  spain and shit rectangle , lol, 
  happy national day !, 
  unless you plan on murdering 10 babies later . 
  i know for a fact that some valencian media also do use it and i would n't be surprised if the basque media did as well . 
  if you look into my comment section you will see i 'm totally in favour of a total abolition . 
  i just think that objectively speaking the correbous are much less cruel than bullfighting . 
   but let me guess , torturing animals catalan style is better because reasons , everyone knows that . 
  that 's what he said . 
  he said `` because reasons '' , as if the only reason bullfighting is bad and correbous not so much is that one is catalan and the other is spanish . 
  well , it 's simply not true , i did n't want to let him give the impression bullfighting is banned solely because it 's spanish . 
  there are substantial further reasons . 
  last time i checked , occitania was n't part of spain , unless it 's located next to a small town in cadiz or something . 
  for the guy you bitterly replied to , this is an international context . 
  and let me get things straight , the whole world uses this system to refer to a country 's government , yet when * we * use it , it instantly becomes propaganda ? 
  bravo . 
  i 'm sure scottish media uses the term london very frequently too ( i 'd be glad to be corrected ) . 
  the animal is not burnt alive ... 
  exactly , you do n't think of texas when you hear that phrase . 
  that 's my point . 
  people do n't say barcelona when referring to our gov. 
  policies because we are not an independent country and no one makes that connection . 
  it 's not propaganda nor a conspiracy . 
  if spain 's capital was seville , everyone would say seville ... 
  same with spanish , catalan and french . 
  it 'd be great if people from all countries chimed in and confirmed whether this is normal language use or `` propaganda '' , as he respectfully claims . 
  you do n't say barcelona because we are not an independent country . 
  saying `` washington has passed a law '' makes sense . 
  saying `` austin ( when referring to texas ) has passed a law '' does n't make sense ( from a european point of view ) . 
  `` madrid has done '' `` brussels has said '' `` moscow refuses ... '' .
