  do we really have to go to war to have the right ? 
  direct routes ? 
  you ca n't list more than 10 cities . 
  the state can , and does , influence a lot . 
  in an indirect way , also , overfunding madrid 's airport while forgetting about barcelona ; despite passangers figures . 
  euromed ? 
  also , why did you list a city to which you have to first transfer in the azores ? 
  my point was that there are few direct flies . 
  now than norwegian islands has shown interest , iberia wants to claim those spots . 
  you listed a handful of cities . 
  and that 's all . 
  you can find several other airports with far less passangers that offer way more direct destinations . 
  hell , whenever we occasionally announce a new intercontinental route we jerk off to it in the media for a week . 
  last i remember it was barcelona-seol which is planned to function next year . 
  also , having a marginal service of 1 or 2 flights a week is ... uh . 
  i 'll give you that , 10 years ago the situation was utterly pathetic . 
  i think we could only go to new york in a direct flight . 
  it 's changed quite a lot , though mainly because of the companies rather than national initiative ... 
  catalans would be happy if they replaced madrid as the center of all investments . 
  more news at 10 . 
  if your politicians do n't give a rat 's ass about the place you live in , that 's a problem you have there . 
  do n't bitch about those who actually try to make a change for their people . 
  good god . 
  good lord . 
  he 's the evil mastermind behind tricking millions into totalitarian beliefs , also know as ~ ~ 4chan ~ ~ . 
   independentism is a pain in the ass for more than half the population in catalonia , but your reality wo n't let you see that . 
  what the fuck . 
  i 've just given you the figures . 
  only 39 % are not in favour of independence . 
  i do n't know what reality of mine you 're talking about , but you must live in a funny one if the math there works like that . 
   how do you know that 's part of your money and not from madrid or canarias ? 
  it does n't have anyone 's name on it , but if you give more than you 've received , you know there 's money left there . 
  kind of like when you withdraw money from the bank . 
  is it the same that you deposited ? 
  of course not , but it 's yours . 
  that a big chunk of spain is unproductive and is subsized is a fact . 
  pathetic that you get outraged when people call this out . 
  30 fucking percent of workers in extremadura work for the administration . 
  that 's an unsustainable shitton and should be critisized every day . 
  lastly , nowhere there you see we call anyone lazy . 
  andalusia and extremadura have always been several steps behind when it comes to procutivity and efficiency , but not hard work . 
  but here you are , bashing the ones that point it out instead of critizising a shit economical and industrial model . 
  so our politicans ca n't deffend our interests without having to go through this ? 
  catalan politicians are concerned about catalonia . 
  more news at 10 . 
  myself , and the probably millions , of andlusian/extremadurian descent say such thing . 
  it 's history : in andalusia and extremadura have been the most hardworkers farmers in spain . 
  in the xixth century they 'd work more than anyone , under the andalusian sun , for shit money . 
  it 's also history that andalusia has suffered from hsitorically inept and selfish rulers . 
  anyway , i 've never seen such claim coming from a catalan here , only from spaniards saying we make them . 
  i imagine you have made a field trip gathering different quotes from catalans , or maybe you have read a newspaper . 
  it is sad that no spaniard from the coast or the north will chime in to call out on how disgustingly centralist the country is , just for the sake of not agreeing with me . 
  take a look at a map - any map : railroads , highways or airline routes - and compare it with a map of the population . 
  they tell two realities . 
   i suppose other regions have pristine infrastructeres then.only catalunya has this problem . 
  wink wink you missed the point . 
  we produce the money to have normal infrastructure . 
  try to convince me of staying in spain while the train i have to pick up to go to work is cronically late , and there 's only one every hour between 2 70,000 inhabitants cities ( that are within 5 minutes by car ) . 
  it 's an angolan level of railroad service . 
  if we managed our own money that probably would n't happen and should it happen , we at least would be able to take our own politicians accountable for it . 
   and yet : catalonia will ask for 7.300 mil $ to spain in 2017 you missed the point . 
  it 's not a loan if it 's your money . 
  money is valuable . 
  algeria was an integral part of france . 
  algeria was as france as bordeaux . 
  so no . 
  and i respect that . 
  now , i hope you 've had that opinion with all independence referendums held and to be hold . 
  then what 's so special about us ? 
  i respect that point of view as long as you 've had it with sctoland , quebec , montenegro and so on . 
  if you consider this bullshit , and not what the dude above him said : `` your `` trade area '' 's infrastructure was , among other things , well funded by the hinterland , with the purpose of becoming the country 's economic motor '' , you have a huge problem which at the same time is the explanation to a lot of stupid things i see posted here . 
   your `` trade area '' 's infrastructure was , among other things , well funded by the hinterland , with the purpose of becoming the country 's economic motor i 'm about to have a stroke with all the stupidity i 'm reading in this thread . 
  spain has a history of ignoring the self-established industrial powerhouses ... now it appears catalonia is what it is because of the master planning of the spanish elite in the mid xix 's . 
  bravo !, 
  good one . 
  how many billions of loses will france put up with just for the sake of europe ? 
  ( i.e for the sake of fucking catalonia because fuck them ? ), 
  the eu is formed by more than 25 countries that wo n't put up with any of spain 's shit . 
  an hypothetical catalan independence could go smoothly with low loses for everyone , or it can go abysmally with unconceivable loses for catalonia and spain , mainly , and big loses for everyone . 
  will you be such morons that will shoot yourselves in your foot just to teach a lesson ? 
  good luck then , retards . 
  good luck trying to convince croatia , estonia and ireland ( to randomly pick a few ) to lose money and hinder themselves for a battle that 's not their , just to please bitter spain . 
  no we 're not . 
  as a guy that lives in barcelona , i know the fiscal redistribution of my taxes towards poorer regions ( the rest of catalonia ) wo n't stop . 
  the difference being that instead of going to places where the parties that are in favour of fucking our education and literally `` destroy their health service '' do n't have absolute majority . 
  i do n't want to give one fucking cent to a person that , were for him , catalan would n't exist . 
   explain why romans valued their roman citizenship with such pride ? 
  sure it provided benefits , but it was more than that . 
  this thread is pathetic . 
  the roman concept of citizenship has nothing to do with the concept of nation . 
  it was only a legal status . 
  being a citizen granted you rights that another status did n't . 
  this is stupid . 
  spain ignores it 's demographics and territorial distribution for the sake of sucking madrid 's cock . 
  want to fly to another continent ? 
  barcalona 's airport has more passangers than madrid ' , yet there are barely no routes to america or asia . 
  what to get to valencia ( 3rd most populated city in spain ) to barcelona ( 2nd ) by high speed train ? 
  nope . 
  want to get to bilbao from barcelona by train ? 
  nope .
