but they already have condemned people . 
  a lot of them . 
  and they also have actual numbers . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not for nor against pujol right now , i 'm in favour of justice . 
  you guys are in some sort of which-hunt here in reddit and in general all the media in spain against him and you do n't even know if everythings true . 
  as soon as i know they stole a single euro i will also get mad as fuck but until that happens , please calm down and do n't mix it with already solved cases . 
   investigates  possible you are putting together cases were people is already in jail with cases were they are `` investigating '' a `` possible '' case . 
  lol last day a dude in this subreddit told me it was 100 milions . 
  you should all agree on which number you make up . 
  and dunno why you link oleguer pujol to ciu because the dude is n't even politician . 
  i also feel obligated to ask for a source , just as i have been to all the guys who have given data to me about the pujol case . 
  surprisingly none of them did . 
  ( if you think of linking me some el mundo or abc shit , keep it ), 
  i would really like to know what happened in the ussr after wwii that made some sectors of it literally nazis . 
  like , 25 million people died deffending your country and fighting against the terror in europe and in 70 years you become one of them ? 
  ( sort of ) . 
  something has been messed up for sure . 
  we should all fucking move to kelvins . 
  no negative temperatures , only positive , only happiness  even though you would die from freezing at 100k but who cares , happy !, 
  * cough * andalucia * cough * . 
  and no , lol . 
  there 's pais valenci\u00e0 where there was a huge corruption scandal with the government , there 's all the story about the castellon 's airport , the alicante mayor who has been indicted for 2 scandals and refuses to fucking resign , etc. . and well , madrid , where preety much all the ex-government is being investigated and last week they sent a shit ton of politicians to prison already because of a corrption case involving the 2 major parties in spain . 
  then you have b\u00e1rcenas , the awful management of bankia which led to the failure of the bank which had to be fixed with public money . 
  i am probably missing a fucking more lot of things but it is normal because if we had to record all the corrpution scandals in spain in the last 15 years , we 'd write a longer book than the bible . 
  meanwhile in catalonia what ? 
  the millet case , and the pujol case which is still under investigation and it is possible that results in nothing ? 
  that 's all ? 
  ( seriously , i 'm not sure if it is , feel free to add more about catalonia 's ) . 
  good to see . 
  still ca n't believe how can there still be such sick fucks over there supporting these criminal movements . 
  sadly in spain happens the same and the government si n't doing anything to change it . 
  we are slowly coming back to the 30 's in some regions and that is scary as fuck . 
  i have one question : would the basque people like to have a referendum or consultation about its independence ? 
  i 'm asking that because i know bildu is in favour but i 'm not sure about pnv 's position . 
  if they were in favour as well that 'd mean a rather huge majority . 
  what do the people in the streets think ? 
  in case a referendum was held , what do you think it would win ? 
  well i guess it 's not 1 question , lol . 
  good results means they are currently an independent country which actually represents the majority of the population that lives in it . 
  ouch forgot about the flemish , ups . 
  you already know this is virtually impossible . 
  and why change the estatut ? 
  we are working on not having to use that again . 
  math ? 
  which calculus have you done to get that conclusion and why ca n't you give me a source ? 
  this has to be voted by catalonia as a whole . 
  you have just made that up because the case has n't even been closed yet . 
  they are investigating . 
  they do n't even know if there was fraud . 
  you guys are sick and obsessed . 
  meanwhile keep ignoring the several corruption scandals in madrid , i 'm looking forward to seeing a new one next week . 
  what will it be ? 
  both again ? 
  what does barcelona have to decide by themselves ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  ireland was ? 
  and where 's the source ? 
  the catalan govenment informs : we the catalans have a meeting with the freedom of expression , opinion , and partitipation ; all fundamental rights guaranteed by the universal declaration of human rights . 
  throughout the whole day everyone who wishes to freely express their opinion regarding the political future of catalonia will be able to do so . 
  remember , the 9-n , if you want it , if you take part in , you decide . 
  more information call 012 . 
  not the brightest translation . 
  hope everything is understood . 
  one irish separatist movement ? 
  or a japanese ? 
  australian , new zealand , croatia , belgium etc ? 
  you try too hard to minimeza and underestimate what 's happening in catalonia . 
  funny you mention the usa when they had to do the same 250 years ago . 
  and scotland is n't with mas and catalonia ? 
  i feel obligated to ask for a source of such thing . 
  the only reason the big countries are supporting spain is because they do n't want even more instability and do n't want spain to become shitter than it is atm . 
  they give 0 fucks about catalan 's opinion until we start doing more serious things . 
  tell me one of these `` other ways '' . 
  it seems like you have come up with more ideas than the whole juridic department the catalan gvnt has to make any consultation of the people legal . 
  exactly , it is n't , but when you have a constitution that was written in a `` hurry '' sort of , after coming out of a 40 year long dictatorship and redacted with the supervision of the military ( making sure they did n't phrase anything weird ) , it is common that there are few things that must be changed . 
  yes , a consitution brings stability and order , but you ca n't pick up the first law compilation you can think of and pretend to keep it forever . 
  a consitution must be updated periodically , otherwise it no longer represents anyone . 
  why not ? 
  unilateral declarations of independence have prove good results in a huge amount of countries . 
  so everything that does n't match your opinion becomes `` an utopia using feelings without arguments '' ? 
  does n't matter . 
  if they want they will distorsionate and interpretate de constitution as they please and as they have done a few times ( iirc some sort of reform in the annual budget was inconstitutional and they quickly fix it ) , and they would make it legal . 
  constitutional court would n't ban it because they just are the judicial puppets of the government . 
  what are you saying ? 
  you mean only vote in barcelona and tarragona counts and fuck the rest ? 
  and it does n't matter if barcelona gets a 51 % vote because we count the totality of catalonia . 
  it 's like saying that for the presidential elections only madrid is eligible to vote . 
  why ? 
  was refering to scotland though, 
  well , i guess you know better . 
  dude is risking his job as a president to please the majority of the population and you say he moves by his interests . 
  what he could do is say yes to everything the central gvnment said and eat rajoy 's ass while giving 0 fucks of what the catalans think . 
  i know what you are talking about . 
  i have a book with a photo that shows some sort of alliance or force between spain , italy , germany and then portugal . 
  definetely would like more inside on that and will looked it up tomorrow . 
  you are 100 % right people tend to forget about fascism in portugal yet it had a fair amount of influency in the politics back in the day . 
  you ca n't compare catalonia with ukraine , lol . 
  there they are being invaded by russia and there is a considerable armed conflict . 
  i 'd love to show you what 's currently happening in spain and catalonia but i 'm not at home atm so i ca n't back up with articles or news . 
  i would still try to explain it you but it really frustrates me writing log texts in english with the mobile .
