  mate , that index is absolute bollocks . 
  the us has a 9.17 in pluralism . 
   what if that future means fewer rights for black people ? 
  or the death penalty ? 
  is that democratic or undemocratic ? 
  what if it means voting for the extreme left or extreme right ? 
  is that democratic or undemocratic ? 
  was turkey 's referendum an example of beautiful democracy ? 
  and what the fuck makes you think we 'd have any of that ? 
  ca n't spain do that as well ? 
  what kind of shit point are you trying to make ? 
  turkey 's referendum would be a good example of democracy had it not been an absolute shitfest of corruption and whatnot . 
   i cri evertme :'( this reaction to people fighting for liberties and the welfare of the people they care about makes you a colossal cunt . 
  you will now say `` i cri everytime '' and feel like you 're very badass , but then you will turn off your computer , get out of the basement and you will still be a 14 year old cunt . 
  yeah , we are brainwashed , our government spends money on brainwashing and propaganda instead of paying pharmacies , hospitals and schools . 
  they also eat babies daily and jerk each other off in large meetings over how retarded their citizens are and how easy it is to trick them . 
  everybody knows that . 
  i encourage you to dig up all the declarations by all these mighty countries affirming in the name of all that 's holy that slovenia , estonia , latvia or lithuania would not be recognized under any circumstances . 
  do you really expect the us - or any country with good relations with spain - to publicly defend catalan independence ? 
  of course not . 
  the second we do declare independence , that 's the point where international support matters . 
  international support as a potential secessionist region is worthless and impossible to obtain unless the country you 're trying to get independence from is an enemy of the country from you 're getting support . 
  surely botswana is a better democracy than estonia or portugal . 
  surely a referendum for the people of a place to decide their own future has got to have a tiny bit of democracy , right ? 
  and oh boy , people do cry out for freedom in spain , and i do n't mean catalans . 
  people seek freedom in spain when you tell a joke via twitter about a former fascist general and you get sentenced to one year in jail . 
  or when you ca n't even film or identify the policeman that is beating you shitless , not even the press . 
  you just made an ignorant fool of yourself , and make no mistakes this `` freedoms '' beat has little to do with the catalan question . 
  ask anyone in spain and they will tell you that the system is far for being the epitome of freedom . 
  i repeat , spain is n't an undemocratic country but it still has a long road stretching ahead that cries out for improvement while people like you mock any attempts at that . 
  what ? 
  the `` minority '' votes to rule itself , that 's it . 
  the minority is not overruling any majority . 
  the minority will work towards its own interests , the boundaries being those of the minority themselves . 
  the instances you have listed are democratic since that would be what the people living there would have decided . 
  what is not democratic is having your decisions being taken by an external majority in which you , as a minority , have no say whatsoever . 
  imagine a parliament with 100 seats . 
  the country is 90 % nation a and 10 % nation b. 
  nation b can only possibly obtain 10 seats . 
  the interests from nation a and nation b are black and white ; day and night . 
  by your democratic standards , nation b will always be silenced and they wo n't be able to make a change unless nation a agrees . 
  by the other metric , nation b should be able to freely decide its own future and pursue its own interests if that was what they wished , while nation a would carry on as always . 
  what kind of moronic argument is that ? 
  a region in china demands more democracy but they have shut up and suck it up because they have the same democratic rights as any other chinese ? 
  spain is not an undemocratic country , but it is n't at the top of the ladder either . 
  spain has room for improvement in this regard , and so do all european countries still . 
  the fact that we 're mocking the people that want to go that one step further into the democracy spectrum baffles me . 
  uk does have a constitution and i think you missed my first point . 
  yes , law is there to be obeyed , but you must n't forget that we can change said law at any given moment . 
  the difference between spain and the uk lies not on the laws , but the political will and , ultimately , the respect towards the people that live in the country . 
  and do you remember this ? 
  the constitutional court has already decided that . 
  as it stands , the judiciary system will never allow for a referendum . 
  only through political will - from the spanish parliament , that is - can we make a legal framework to undergo such a process , which wo n't happen either because there is none . 
  those who say we ca n't hold a referendum because the constitution says ` no ' simply forget that , should the spanish government been as mature as the uk 's , the constitution could be ( and can be ) changed at any second . 
  spanish politicians treat the constitution as though it is a godsend holy manuscrit so as to avoid taking political responsibility for opposing a referendum , deliberately ignoring that the constitution can only be changed by them . 
  different provinces , different culture ??? 
  when a comment is heavily upvoted and downvoted it becomes controversial . 
  notice the red cross next to your karma in the comment, 
  i like how your comment is the only one controversial ( telling by the little red cross . 
  maybe later it dissapears ) . 
  that 's the conclusion i came to too haha . 
  i really like how you argue your points and you definitely have more knowledge than me . 
  however , i feel like any person as knowledged as you could easily revoke your points with the same dialectic . 
  your word selection puts me off as i 'm a simple casual history enthusiast ( i 'm just saying i 'm dumb ) , and i ca n't argue your points at all simply because i lack these factual points you 're making . 
  i feel like , talking like you do , you could fool me into thinking the moon is the reason we have earthquakes , and i would n't be able to refute or question it hahaha, 
  am i reading it wrong or you 're saying the us influenced uk 's economy in the 1800 's ? 
  also , i 'd like sources or examples on the `` people outside the ussr spoke russian because it was a superpower '' . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to me and i 'm now interested . 
  the same with the lingua franca bit . 
  people in europe could n't barely write or read in their own language , you 're telling me that enough people spoke french in europe ( in the same way people learn and speak english today ) to consider it lingua franca ? 
  i find it hard to believe , unless if by middle class you 're actually referring to the 1 % of the population . 
  also , germany did n't become a technological force until the late 1800 's . 
  i think you 're focusing too much on that time , while i 'm focusing on the 1840-1870 period which industrially speaking is all british . 
  anyway , if the term `` superpower '' boils down to a specific management of people and resources , instead of an analisys of power and dominance , the discussion is pointless . 
  it 's like saying there have only been genocides since the 1930 's , because until then the word had n't been coined and the mass murders were carried off in a different manner . 
  i 'm just a poor boy, 
  i think you 're giving too much credit to the military branch . 
  a strong military is a different way to achieve what the uk did with a strong economy , trade and industry . 
  besides , they had the largest fleet in the world did n't they ? 
  ideologically speaking , they almost single-handedly forged the capitalist trade-based market that we have today ? 
  i do n't get what 's the value of the lingua franca in this discussion either . 
  the ussr was a superpower and nobody outside of it spoke russian or any of the languages within the ussr for anything . 
  the fact that in the xixth european aristocracy spoke french does n't mean that the lingua franca ( as we know it today i.e everyone from different countries speaks english as a bridge language to communicate , make business , etc. ), 
  of europe was french or german . 
  french became a language of importance in conteninteal europe because of napoleon , but it 's usage ever since was n't a sign of france 's power over the continent , but rather the remains of such . 
  i do n't know why we ca n't admit it , i imagine the uk-hatred does n't allow it , but if the usa and the ussr were superpowers at their time , then the uk was one if we are to compare things like production , industrialisation , landmass , population , troops ( though i do n't think it 's that much important ) , gdp , etc. 
  you compare france and the uk pre wwi and you get a giant difference in industry/industrialisation , production and trade which makes the comparison between the 2 laughable . 
  having some land overseas does n't make you an almighty titan . 
  it 's just land ; you need to do something more . 
  acknowledging that the uk was a superpower is not feeding a stereotype . 
  the british empire held during the xixth absurds shares of production and industry in a worldwide scale . 
  they had the monopoly of several goods , their domain reached all continents . 
  people have been downplaying the power of the uk because of its military , which in my opinion should n't be among the most important factors to weigh this question , but the uk had the biggest fleet in the world by a huge margin , and they did n't need much of the other branches of military because , well , they 're an island . 
  no country will ever top uk 's power and status in the xixth century , and that is not me cock-sucking the brits ; no country will ever top uk in the xixth century because the world is much different and we need to rely on one another more than ever . 
  there will only be a superpower as xixth century uk in the scenario a new technological revolusion breaks out and one country manages to dominate it as the uk did, 
  and why do they use english in the us ? 
  what ? 
  if anything , the us , or any country for that matter , wo n't ever be as dominant as britain during the xixth century . 
  britain was the china of a century ago , producing most of the industrial world needs .
