  and how dare you telling catalan students are being brainwashed . 
  how ? 
  we come out of a dictatorship , where all education was manipulated towards the fascism and so . 
  it is the current population which is brainwahsed . 
  plus , everything that is taught in catalonia has to be aproved by the central goverment department of education so all this fairytale that in catalonia we are adoctrinated like in a dictatorship is false . 
  i am so fed up of being called nazi , fascist and so while it was the nazis and the fascist the ones that massacrated the catalan population during the war . 
  you call us nazis while we are the most punished and opressed region during the dictatorship , and also the region that fights more against it . 
  fuck off , man , you are starting to touch way too many delicated and sensitive subjects . 
  i am about to brainfart . 
  every word you say , every sentence . 
  i do n't know why you have the catalan flair while you talk like a guy who has been born in madrid and has never gotten out of there . 
  you talk about what is moral or immoral and at the same time you affirm that the will of a nation must be decided by the country they are trying to escape of . 
  how many countries do you know that have got independence by having all the population of the entire country to say '' oh yes , let them go . 
  whatever '' . 
  just no , india , usa , ireland , cuba , phillipines , every single south american country , the baltics . 
  every african country . 
  every single country that is currently independent have fought against their former capitals , all of them tried to keep those regions against the people who lived there 's will . 
  all of them failed . 
  now you are trying to say that all that is happening here is sort of ilegitimate and unvalid just because of a rule that says , in other words , '' spain will look like it currently does until the earth melts into the sun '' . 
  nationalism runs in every human being blood , saying that every nationalism is bad is wrong . 
  nationalism is the fruit of the mistakes that every empire did back on the day , trying to convert someone into something that they are not ; erasing the borders that once divided people that got nothing in common between them ( eg : ussr ) , and creating new ones which separated an entire nation ( eg : kurdistan ) . 
  c'mon if during history everything had gone by the book , we would have to call an indian a brit or a colombian a spaniard . 
  an about the airport thing , i do n't even know why you even brought that subject to the table because it is a pro for the independence reasons and not a con . 
  why the fuck do i want a city-sized airport if the furthest i can fly to is ny . 
  while thre mairselle , or edimburgh airport ( important airports but we could easily say barcelona 's should be way more important ) both have international flights ( and i could give 50 more examples ) . 
  i find it so lame that you deffend the fact that all the intercontinental destinations are headed to madrid and do n't even say something like `` yeah , barcelona could have some too '' and at the same time repeating over and over again how equal madrid and barcelona are . 
  it all went well until you started talking about brainwashes and stuff like that . 
  the independence movement was impusled only and exclusively by the citizens , the poeple who got fed up with the constant attacks to the catalan language and institutions . 
  the independence was not started by the politicians , it became a serious matter when the 9/11 of 2011 more than a million and a half people went to the streets to claim for a new country . 
  both the catalan and spanish governments were shocked , as independence never filled their political campaigns and affairs . 
  it was then when the catalan government anticipate elections , as they were ruling with an electoral planning which did n't respond the current citizens needs or wishes . 
  those elections had as its main subject the independence matter , and the results were clearly in favour for the pro-independence parties . 
  you talked about children brainwashed , and that really hurt me . 
  if there are pro-independence parents who have kids , it is so normal that they raise them by the thoughts and valors they believe in . 
  it is when the american child ( or any other country ) sings the anthem and he probably do n't even know the minor thing about it . 
  you talked about so many things , which have from little to none importance in the independence concern . 
  you talked about barcelona 1992 , that was just out of context . 
  we have got olympics in barcelona instead of madrid despite the uncountable attemps of the city to have them just for barcelona 's appeal . 
  you talked about a `` super big airport '' which has less than 5 international destinations because they go all through madrid . 
  you talked about political and finantial corruption , while there is a new case of corruption in the rest of spain in a monthly basis , splashing on pp , psoe , banks , etc. 
  in catalonia there is one corrption scandal every half a year , or so ( which is also quite lame ) . 
  but this cases have n't really got much to do with the political parties other than the illegal finansation of ciu , which resulted with the impound of ciu 's headquarters . 
  other than that , almost every corruption scandal has been family business or personal malversation . 
  to end with this i would just like to point out that the central government sticks and hides behind the constitution , a piece of outdated laws which were set to vote only for those who are currently older than 57 . 
  the majority of the population is living ruled and conditioned by a bunch of rules they did n't even get to vote . 
  it is known that if constitution was changed they would n't recognise catalonia 's right to decide their future , but they are n't willing to change it anyways . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : catalan independence movement has been always impulsed by the people , from scratch . 
  there is not such thing as brainwash . 
  corruption scandals happen everywhere but it seems like only the few that happen in catalonia are worth talking . 
  constitution is outdated , and no longer represents the people . 
  he is talking back when portugal was actually part of spain , he is not dumb . 
  serious question , do people mistake portugal with spain that often ? 
  here , have a cookie . 
  enjoy !, 
  they totally should . 
  however , if i start protesting against the monarchy , wish some government member the death or anything similar i will be most likely be arrested . 
  there has to be freedom of speech , but for all sides . 
  thing is that it is not 2 times a year ... :( it happens way too much frequently , for example : fan zone of real madrid during the final of a spanish tournament : [ image ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-osf9bfki4bs/u098lhz1xgi/aaaaaaaagxc/y6y0mzd3sxs/s1600/estv%c3%a1stica.png ) . 
  it 's only been 40 years since spain left the dictatorship and the fascism behind , if they have . 
  a lot of wounds are still open . 
  iirc france is one of those countries that have nazi simbology banned , is n't it ? 
  i know here in spain all these sort of nazi/fascist exhibitions are 100 % legal , that 's why police ca n't intervene . 
  this is exactly the thing i want to show/complain about , a country coming out from a dictatorship as spain , which does nothing to keep people from exhibing all the simbology of an era that must never happen again . 
  spain seems to be also different in that . 
  i am fairly sure that if you take out into the street a swastika thet arrest you immediatelly . 
  however , you can bring a swastika to the bernabeu or camp nou and nothing happens ( unless it is european competition  ) , even though i 've never seen one in camp nou , but it could happen . 
  the worst is that there is 0 will from the governement to change it . 
  comunidad de valencia national day ( as a region , same thing as catalonia the 9/11 ) , some people concentrated in favour of the catalan refer\u00e8ndum and this was one of the other concentrations allowed by the government , police , etc. 
  the thing that you pointed out is what i actually wanted to show . 
  spain , coming out of a dictatorship , is one of the remaining countries which has n't banned fascist and nazi simbology or sympatitzation ( do n't know if spelled well ) . 
  and things will take long to change , if they do . 
  nazi apology is a crime in almost every european country . 
  edit : what concerns ? 
  wishing someone dies is n't a concern . 
  however , here in spain you can claim your wish to kill everybody in the country but if you mess up with any member of the royal family or the central government you are getting arrested , for sure . 
  equal justice uh ? 
  whether it is true or not ( it is most likely ) , this will never be looked into , at least from spanish institutions . 
  this is the country i live in ( at the moment :p ), 
  what if they aim really well ? 
  you better run ebola, 
  is it possible that this article was submmited a few weeks ago ? 
   democracy is not a good system well , fuck . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that i find it wrong to support `` x '' movement for any reason other than the respect to those who want have their own country . 
  there should n't be personal preferences as if we were talking of football teams ... 
  what ? 
  what i 'm trying to explain is , in different , non-representative numbers , that if you have 7 milion people in catalonia and you get 4 milion `` yes '' votes and no unionist vote , ( 5 milions vs 0 votes ) you do n't even need to know the opinion of those who decided not to show up to `` boycotte '' the referendum . 
  hope i made it more undertsandable . 
  that 's ... quite hypocrytical mate ... :( . 
  as a foreigner you should n't support one separatist movement but all ... 
  they all have their rights and reasons . 
  so the 49 % is more important than the 51 % , uh ? 
  and yes , in one year time many things may happen , but this is just speculation . 
  you are trying to deslegitimize a vote resut just by saying that in a certain amount of time it may change . 
  actually if you know the amount of `` yes '' votes you can figure out the `` no '' ones . 
  maths check out . 
  if unionist do n't want to vote they have the right to not doing so but if there is a massive amount of `` yes '' votes the government gets the data they actually need . 
  there are people who live in catalonia and know we 'd be willing to disobey consttutional court and take things even further in terms of not listening the central government . 
  all peacefully though . 
  i do n't even know how the numbers have come up in that poll tbh . 
  most people when voting `` yes '' are already thinking about the hardship .
