  in other words , in order to cancel something , you need to arrange it first . 
  therefore , all the headlines implying the catalan delegation ( conveniently ignoring the flemish ) has failed to meet someone , as if they just did n't care about us , is outright malicious . 
  if you actually think that we 've got a huge problem . 
  yet the newspapers you linked , which probably cater to more than 70 % of the population in spain , do n't mention anything about that . 
  the belgian newspaper says it 's probable that there have been pressions . 
  the spanish ones , bar el pais and el periodico , do n't say any of that . 
  they just say that `` no one wants to meet them '' , which is a ludicrous and unfeasible statement in itself , but seldom matters because that 's what the audience wants to read . 
  what the fuck is that reasoning ? 
  you 're telling me the catalan and the flemish went to morocco without having arranged nothing at all beforehand ? 
  they just went there and wandered about the streets with a cardboard sign saying `` will meet anybody for 100 dirhams '' ? 
  and in what timeline do erc support maduro ? 
  yeah el pais a couple of days ago frontpaging with `` psoe and cs work extra hard to fight against pp '' , or something like that , and on that very day both of those parties had blocked the petition to make rajoy declare on the corruption scandals in parliament or something like that , lol, 
  what a shameful post . 
  i wo n't even try to figure out what kind of agenda you 're pushing . 
  gernika was the first city ever bombed systematically with the sole purpose of destroying everything in it . 
  it is considered by most as the first act of [ total war ] ( http://www.bbc.com/mundo/noticias-39633923 ) ever performed . 
  of course it is a fucking symbol for `` terror bombing '' . 
  literal nazis bombed the foundations out of an entire city , for fuck 's sake . 
  have you even read and/or listened to witnesses and their testimonies ? 
  have you even seen photos of it ? 
  if you visit pp 's twitter page , there is only one petty rt among an ocean of tweets remembering this act . 
  if you enter mariano rajoy 's one , our president , there is none . 
  fuck all of you which only remember our bloody and sorrowful past to belittle it , just fuck you . 
  if this bombing is used politically in any way , that 's thanks to years of governments refusing to sit down and research all the atrocities committed during and after the war so its victimes can finally rest at peace . 
  it makes my blood boil , i fucking swear . 
  the german president roman herzog wrote an apology letter in the name of the german people and its states to the victims and the survivors of the attack . 
  this sentiment was ratified by the german parliament on 1997 . 
  meanwhile , in spain we have this piece of [ scum ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/legioncondormemorial.jpg ) innocently resting in the cemetery . 
  while some neo-nazis pay tribute to the [ nazi squad ] ( http://www.cubadebate.cu/noticias/2014/08/24/rinden-homenaje-en-espana-a-legion-condor-que-bombardeo-gernica/#.wqchgdklsuk ) with the explicit , written consent of pp and the guardia civil ( spanish police ) . 
  good lord, 
  you can only be so subjective . 
  calling pp a left-wing party is as big a stretch as calling the nsdap communists . 
  on a more serious note , it 's just plain ridiculous . 
  i gather you 're not spanish ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused as i 've never seen such a claim before . 
  there is n't much to elaborate . 
  el pa\u00eds carried out a relentless campaign during the last elections so as to press psoe into making rajoy president . 
  ciudadanos , which is a right wing party , is el pa\u00eds little darling as well . 
  el pa\u00eds is not a left leaning news outlet and even calling it centrist might be a stretch in most cases . 
  ( all this as of the last years ), 
  el pais being leftist ? 
  ecks dee edit : also , el mundo beign centrist ? 
  l o l, 
  come on , it is a well-known fact that there were massive mass murders during the colonization of the americas . 
  also , now you `` only '' enslaved them ? 
  last time i heard spaniards in this sub discussing spanish history , they all took pride in the fact that spain had never enslaved anybody ( i besides , you do n't need to rewind 500 years to find a genocide , the spanish had concentration camps in cuba where thousands of cubans died . 
  do you know one general called `` the butcher '' ? 
  he was sent to cuba to suppress an insurgency in 1897 . 
  you can look it up anywhere . 
  i do n't know who came up with the little pink bow tie to depict little cute estonia , but it 's so spot on as to what the country conveys judging by its redditors . 
  it 's such a beautiful day !!, 
  best day of the year for sure, 
  haha true . 
  casual discussions on nietzsche tend to be the equivalent of people commenting on threads based on the title . 
  we all know and like his quotes , aphorisms and whatnot , but we do n't really know jackshit about his actual work ( myself included ) . 
   ignorant would be someone that grabs a bag and put all the stuff you can label as spanish there and say it 's shite . 
  that 's full ignorance . 
  never go full ignorant . 
  that 's precisely what you all do whenever any catalan news outlet is linked here . 
  instantly dismissed for being catalan and thus state funded and thus manipulating and brainwashing and blablabla where can i find marhuenda 's imputation in larazon 's frontpage of today ? 
  or abc for that matter . 
  come on , china is much more powerful than spain . 
  besides you need to improve your memory since most westen states do recognize taiwan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_relations_of_taiwan#/media/file:voting_res_2758.png also , it 's not unspecified countries ( well , when i told you it was ) . 
  here http://elpais.com/diario/1991/06/22/internacional/677541603_850215.html the usa said they would never recognize slovenias unilateral declaration of independence . 
  you can run it through the translator if you do n't know spanish . 
  also this , from the ny times : http://www.nytimes.com/1991/06/26/world/europeans-warn-on-yugoslav-split.html `` western european governments signaled their disapproval of the decision by slovenia and croatia today to move toward independence from yugoslavia . '', 
  do you need anything more to understand that all countries in their right mind prefer to avoid these kinds of conflicts up until the point they happen ? 
  good god , whatever . 
  you really compared china and spain ... 
    japan manipulated elections ? 
   that 's why botswana is classed in a flawed democracy . 
  dude you fucking admitted it in your own comment above . 
  where were you taught that fact ? 
  please do n't tell me the school . 
   but if one side does n't think the vote is legitimate in the first place , it 's hard to call it a fair election . 
  that does n't make any sense whatsoever . 
  voters make the free choice of not voting , thus passing on the responsibility and the outcome decision of the election/referendum to those who do want to vote . 
  fairness in elections is determined by a bundle of factors of the like of free expression and association of all options , ability to make a free choice , etc. 
  it has nothing to do with how a group of voters consider it to be . 
  the government proposes a referendum on one question and calls the citizens to express themselves with a vote . 
  unless you 're equating catalonia with the likes of russia and turkey , i do n't understand how our referendum would not be fair . 
  the problem with the 2014 consultation was : 1 . 
  the turnout was inferior to 50 % . 
  it was never intended to have a binding result . 
  us attempting to use force ? 
  best one in the thread yet , right after the guy that said there are 4 different cultures in catalonia , one for each province . 
  so a country that manipulates elections has a healthier democracy than portugal or estonia , according to that shit chart . 
  barcelonians would allow themselves !, 
  yes , i would , if that were what the people living there decided . 
  it 's very simple . 
  haha more than half of the world does recognize them . 
  this case is funny since the all of europe , north america and australia recognize . 
  it 's not like only rwanda and afganistan recognize it . 
  source all that ridiculous claims please . 
  i do n't think cina gives a quarter of a shit about coming off as hypocrite . 
  a catalan recognizion would n't stir up any uprising that they ca n't suffocate . 
  the chinese are making money in catalonia , that 's what matter to them . 
  he is but a troll . 
  according to these people we are nazi brainwashed racists . 
  thank you .
