  all the demonstrations have been called by civil organisations . 
  it 's all worked out thanks to all the people that volunteered and still is volunteering . 
   but this specific movement is the result of political tensiones between ciu and pp , it was n't created by the people you are simply dead wrong ... 
  i is n't subsidized by the generalitat . 
  you are literally refusing to see another point of view which is filled with evidence and facts which can be biased or manipulated , lol . 
  do they actually tell you that we think the 1700 's war was for independence ? 
  all the thread talking to us independentists as if we are either brainwashed or plain retarded , thanks . 
  you can dig as deep as you want through my comment history to see i 've never said such a thing . 
  institutionally speaking , the official narrative is the same as the spanish one , except the spanish conveniently takes importance away from the fact that we catalans , and other regions , were fighting for a candidate which was much more progressive and , well , non absolutive , as opposed to the absolutive french king castille supported . 
  this is also what is taught in schools . 
  the only glimmer of nationalism involving the war had nothing to do with independence and it was about keeping and protecting our institutions and self-government that was to be abolished by the guy that ended up winning that war . 
  no one believes that war was from independence , if anything it can be argued that people fought to keep the degree of independence we had within the spanish crown , that 's all . 
  no one thinks it 's was an independence war . 
  now you will probably say you have friends that in school and in the streets hear that every day and so on . 
  was being sarcastic since they withdrew all support all of a sudden as soon as austria 's king died and our candidate to the crown stop caring about it all . 
  also , it 's very tiring and pretty disrespecful that absolutely anything i believe , as seen in other threads , is fiction and i 'm brainwashed and i ca n't think by myself . 
  sigh, 
  was being sarcastic since they withdrew all support all of a sudden as soon as austria 's king died and our candidate to the crown stop caring about it all . 
  nope , they have been severely punished in any election ever since . 
  if you are as willing to have an opinion made based on evidence and so on , read desmuntant societat civil catalana , de jordi borr\u00e0s . 
  do n't worry about it being biased or anything , the book is filled with factual evidence . 
  actually , that 's about it . 
  there 's only factual evidence in that book , nothing else , so it is a bit boring . 
  lol . 
  anyone in catalonia has the right to think , believe and speak out for whatever they want . 
  also , that scc has links with far-right organisations is well known . 
  yep that was very kind of you . 
  give it some time, 
  anyone who lives in catalonia and is n't a die hard spanish nationalist know these organisations are not hesitant to manipulate or spread out lies . 
  it 's an internal joke at this point . 
  kinda like c 's in catalonia . 
   ask any secessionist what they think about `` ciutadans '' or `` upyd '' , they will say `` nazis '' without pointing at any of their policies . 
  those two parties have been called nazis in different fashions . 
  `` that remins me of germany in the 30 's ... '' `` such demonstration looks straight out of nuremberg ... '' . 
  i do n't agree on the `` any '' , though . 
  only certain politicians/political parties and particular newspapers do call us nazis , but i do n't think that 's a majoritary opinion . 
  literally all asia rallied for independence today . 
  no , haha . 
  i 'm irrational because i have different beliefs than yours . 
  yours seem to be the product of a much cult chain of reasoning while mine are monkey see monkey do . 
  i of course meant to say thousands . 
  and there it is , the `` you behave like a dog , like a sheep , you are not a rational being . 
  all rational beings would want to be part of spain until the end of times . 
  it is the rational thing to do . 
  independent catalonia ? 
  start using your brain ! '', 
  here are the arguments courtesy of / u/esbarzer https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/529jg1/catalans_rally_in_support_of_independence_from/d7ilsfu, 
  here are the arguments courtesy of / u/esbarzer ( pretty name btw ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/529jg1/catalans_rally_in_support_of_independence_from/d7ilsfu, 
  what a god . 
  as i would 've done it if i were n't so lazy and weary of this subject . 
  i 'm saving this comment to link it everytime he pastes his comment ( it 's the second time i see he posts it ) . 
  good job . 
  rebellic vote ? 
  all votes in the unofficial , ilegal consultation were rebellic , be it yes or no . 
  the mere fact of voting was the rebellion . 
  honestly i had never heard that tale but it 's a good one . 
   i have many catalan friends that were or even are hyped for the independence . 
  and they did n't go . 
  and i know a couple that i 've met not so long ago ... they are not independentist and they 've told me through whatsapp that they 're in the rally . 
  either your friends are trolling you or you are simply lying . 
  being independentist and not attending the rally is normal because of laziness . 
  being anti-independist and willingly go to the rally to chant independence , wave estelades and be surrounded by hundreds of millions of people like this , later to be counted as independentist thus enlarging the turnout number is dumb and obvious fiction . 
  haha how many times do i have to state that i do n't care that much about it ? 
  why do i care what a bunch of internet users think about this subject ? 
  if he had posted a single bullet point then i 'd probably would 've answered . 
  answering * that * , nope . 
  i 'm horribly bad at convincing people . 
  good luck believing that . 
  yes , and no one knows why they came . 
  some say they came to exactly raise these kind of doubts . 
  anyway , among the population no one non-independentist would go to such an event . 
  why would i go to an anti-abortion rally if i believe in the opposite . 
  and well to be fair , colau is independentist . 
  she voted yes-yes in the unofficial consultation . 
  she is not unitalerist and still believes in a pacted referendum . 
  you can be independentist without agreeing on the way things are heading to with our government ( a big chunk of podemos , basically ) . 
  particularists ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  upvote for originality . 
  not worth the time nor the effort to comment . 
  he will still believe what he says and it will be my word against his . 
  i hope someone cares enough to reply him because i certainly do n't . 
  this is the 5th time there has been a massive demonstration , it 's my 3rd year discussing it on reddit and it 's every year the same . 
  i do n't follow, 
  i came back home a few minutes ago and i have nothing to say about this other than it 's pure bullshit . 
  wish some independentist guy here bothered to reply this bunch of lies one by one , because i do n't care enough to do it . 
  you certainly took the time . 
  it 's still a political stance . 
  everything regarding nations , cultures and so forth is to a greater or lesser degree political . 
  oh hell yes i 'll bother answering . 
  we have n't kidnapped anything . 
  today in barcelona there has been 3 different `` significant '' rallies . 
  the pro-independence one , a pro-referendum one and a pro-union one . 
  everyone has been able to speak out their ideas . 
  we have n't imposed anything ; we have n't forced anyone to come nor we have shut down any act or anything non-independentist . 
  we just happened to completely outnumber and overshadow these demonstrations and acts . 
  our national day is for everyone to enjoy as they please . 
  those who wanted to go to a pro-union act , a pro-referendum rally , or a rally in support of lowering tomato prices could and did so absolutely freely . 
  and the good old `` there were people that , being anti-independence , went to a pro-independence ( the 5th in a row , no less ) rally '' . 
  what 's with treating people as if they have 3 potatoes for a brain ?
