  the best way for the spanish government to make the election look normal would be to actually act normally . 
  i bet there wll be no gibraltar incidents between spain and the uk in the next 6 months , make what you will of that , 
  your username , so neat , so beautiful . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  do n't worry , you did n't offend me . 
  i do n't know what will happen , but if it were for me i would n't push for it then . 
  poor guy is n't used to answer questions without a plasma , give him a break . 
  at what moment do i take a side in that sentence ? 
  i repeat , stated a fact and i did n't say whether it is the right or wrong thing to do . 
  good thing your opinion does n't mean jackshit in the issue !, 
  unless you live in catalonia , then you will keep voting ciutadans . 
  the masks are slowly but surely falling off . 
  i feel pity for what you stand for . 
  stop insta-downvoting and answer the question . 
  you ca n't stand the answer , do you ? 
  is catalonia a nation ? 
   independence only gives you more responsibility and i 'm not sure you know what to do with that . 
  sad . 
  `` this kids ca n't do anything by themselves '' . 
  yes , catalonia , the region that 's below the average in unemployment , corruption and above the average in gdp , indutry , trade , etc. 
  i really , really wish that the majority of our people decides to leave people like you and we get to build the country we want and deserve . 
  that 's not exactly the reason . 
  back to the xviith century , spanish was imposed as the official language . 
  that meant that all the official documents , education ( among the ones that could afford it ) , and every important issue was done in spanish . 
  however , catalan remained as the language that everyone spoke in the streets . 
  as a matter of fact , a lot of people back then did n't know spanish . 
  it was n't until the mid xixth century that some intellectuals tried to revive catalan and make the language a good one to write books , use it for science , official documents , etc. 
  you have to remember that , while spain , the uk , and otherbig countries had their languages regulated and codified in large dictionaries and academies , catalan was n't . 
  when catalonia managed to get their first degree of autonomy in 1914 , we finally got to create these academies and these dictionaries ( see : pompeu fabra ) , libraries were founded and catalan finally had a consensuated grammatic everyone agreed on . 
  however , it was too late . 
  the differences between catalan catalan , and valencian catalan , for example , had evolved to the point that they became dialects . 
  ( note : these dialects are completely intelligible with each other . 
  we do speak the same language ) . 
  this , plus the fact that neither valencia or the balearics had the tools that catalonia had to keep the language as something not only used in the street , catalan lost power there . 
  i think this sums it up , but i 'm not very good in history so i 'd be glad to be corrected . 
  tl ; dr catalan was not , until very recently , an official language . 
  it was not used frequently for important matters . 
  there was not consensus between valencians , balearics , catalans , etc. 
  to unify the language and is rules . 
  edit : after reading my answer i realized that you were kinda right . 
  if there had been more valencian and balearic nationalist politicians to fight for it they could have gotten it and catalan would be more used than it is now . 
  neither of both sides would allow to ask them ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i wish they could , those poor people . 
  is barcelona pro union , though ? 
  i can say that i live in one of the most pro-independentist regions in catalonia and i 've never seen `` estelades '' unfurled by a school , let alone slogans lmao . 
  the majority of the population in catalonia does already have immigrant origin !, 
  really , i think i can say that catalonia is the region within spain with the most people from the other regions . 
  seriously , the migrations during the xxth century to madrid , the basque country and catalonia were massive !, 
   spanish federal government ayyy lmao, 
  what ? 
  what 's undemocratic about it ? 
  i only stated a fact without taking any sides on whether it is correct or not . 
  as a matter of fact i would n't like them to go through it without the majority of the population , which means the majority of votes . 
  you took some time digging in my comment history , i 'm sure you will find 1 of the several comments where i say i only want them to push for independence if the majority of the population backs it . 
  mistakes are made when you speak a language that 's not yours , or even when it is . 
  i do n't think it 's very practical to correct every single mistake you see in reddit , let alone this subreddit where almost everyone has english as a non-native language . 
  thanks for the correction anyway . 
  why are you pretending to be a foreigner , though ? 
  why do you refer to spain as `` they '' ? 
  the red one does indeed represent the left and socialism . 
  that does n't mean the blue one represents the right !, 
  the blue one is the standard , and the red one simply means independence but with socialism . 
   do you think catalonia wil improve with independance ? 
  does n't my flair answer that question ? 
   seriously , we should end with all sorts of nationalism and learn to live together . 
  live and let live . 
  this is n't happening at the moment , and it does n't look like it will change . 
  i ca n't help but think you know very little about the situation and why some people might think x way , but it 's okay . 
  the most important thing here is that you deffend the right to vote and decide , 
  to be fair , this issue has had a great importance in the past 4 years . 
  i firmly believe that in this timespan people has already thought * what 's best for them . 
   why on earth is there this feeling of nationalism in our country why is everyone so obsessed on having their own country and why do we fight with ourselves all the time . 
  because history ? 
  why would you expect otherwise coming out of a country where one of its nations has systematically tried to take over the rest , imposing spanish and forbidding the regional languages , among other cultural `` genocide '' . 
  hell , how could there be no nationalism when 40 years ago we were in that exact situation ... to conclude , nationalism in spain is the most expectable and reasonable consequence to what has been going on in the country in the past centuries , which you seem to ignore completely . 
   i never said i think they would be incapable of it , but if you have political parties with the word `` nationalism '' on it , and the movement is called `` catalan nationalism '' it 's pretty logical to think their idology is nationalist , do n't you think ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  what political parties have the word `` nationalism '' in it ? 
  also , i sometimes wonder , why is catalan nationalism always so wrong and so evil while there exists spanish nationalism as well , which is basically the same except you deffend spain as your nation instead of catalonia ? 
  i swear to god this word has been wrongly used so many times in a negative way it 's become worrisome . 
   it 's pretty logical to think their idology is nationalist i do n't really know what do you mean with this , but of course part of the ideology of the catalan parties is nationalist !, 
  if you are an absolute minority in the spanish parliament it is their job to be stubborn and try to get the best deals for the catalan people , while deffending the preservation of our language , our culture and so on ( if it were n't for them catalan would have dissapeared from the schools a long time ago , for example ) . 
  however , this attitude would dissapear the second catalonia became a normal country because all these things that we demand in the spanish parliament would be taken for granted and there would be no need to deffend our interests anywhere . 
  any serious separatist movement within the eu except scotland ? 
  fucks sake what were we ? 
  were we spanish ? 
  did we have an independent system of taxes and laws ? 
  i assure you the majority of the catalan populations does n't want bullfighting . 
  that being said , stop insta-downvoting i 'm getting sad . 
  that was not franco itself but the conservative government tha rules the republic at the moment . 
  franco was sent there to stop the riots and `` bring orther '' , but he did it ruthlessly . 
  i agree on calling that opression and brutality , but it was ordered from the ceda government , franco only followed orders . 
  also , during that revolution they suspended la generalitat and send the president to the jail for some time . 
  you try to arrange a referendum and try to convince +50 % of the population . 
  i guess these are the requirements . 
  i meant abolition of every form of bullfighting . 
  lmao , do not talk with me , talk to any guy with a degree in history and he will tell you there was more opression in madrid , catalonia and the basque country than in the other regions of spain . 
   you should understand that castilla played a fundamental role during the reconquista , which led to their language being dominant . 
  and just like people switched to latin centuries ago because of the roman cultural power , they then switched to castillian .
