  have you ever watched the news or read a newspaper ? 
  it 's not propaganda , it 's common usage . 
  and you do say `` catalonia has done '' `` catalonia has passed '' , but no one cares . 
  not only french journalists , it is used everywhere but the guy sees is as a personal attack or something . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40742x/catalonia_artur_mas_steps_down_as_regional/cys9lea do n't we all use `` brussels '' to refer to the eu ? 
  no one from brussells is salty/thick enough to believe we mean the city itself . 
  thanks ( holy shit the picture , if you could give me some information on what event this is from id be thankful . 
  honestly , all the bous embolats that i 've seen reported on the tv or wherever did n't look nearly as bad as that poor one, 
  can you give me a source on the wax thing ? 
  i have never seen reports of bulls going blind because of wax . 
  the horns are large and there is a big way until it reaches the skin , let alone the eyes . 
  it would take a lot of wax and time to make it reach the beginning of the horn , and when you take into account that it 's constantly running and jumping , dropping melted wax in the ground , it becomes less plausible . 
  then again , i ca n't look into it at the moment and all this is me trying to work it out . 
  when you say `` we '' are you referring to the rest of the spaniards ? 
  are you actually saying there is/has been more demand of bullfighting in catalonia than in spain ? 
  uhmm for the record , we have been organically losing interest in it for a very long time . 
  then make an ilp ( iniciativa legislativa popular ) , just like we did here with over 180,000 firms and propose the ban . 
  i will be able to hear the laughter of the spanish parliament from barcelona, 
  * literally * speaking , catalonia is a country . 
  we are not in a court so we do n't need to legally speak . 
  going around calling catalonia a country is perfectly accurate to whomever that has ever held a dictionary . 
  we probably will . 
  with this law for sure . 
  i can very easily see people mobilising so not a single * corrida * is celebrated . 
  this tradition is terrible but here we do n't kill the bull nor physically harm it . 
  it is still despisable because the poor animal is severely streesed and it can absolutely be called psychological violence . 
  bullfighting is way , way worse than this . 
  correbous will fall soon . 
  this year we have banned correbous in olot with ( oh god ! ), 
  a referendum where a clear majority decided not to do correbous in the local festivities . 
  and no , it 's not okay , but in the correbous the bull is not killed nor physically damaged . 
  it is severely streesed and psychologically harmed which is still terrible but nowhere near the atrocity bullfighting is . 
  you ca n't compare putting a bull in an arena where it is slowly killed and from where it wo n't come out alive , with putting fire in the horns of a bull and making it run around for some time . 
  whether the law is appealed or not depends on whether a. 
  50 seats from the parliament or the senate demand so . 
  the central government demands so . 
  c . the `` people 's defender demands so '' d . a regional government demands so if they think one of their competencies has been violated . 
  ( i do n't think there are more people/institutions that can do that , as far as i remember from my law lectures . ), 
  the fact that nobody in the canary islands wants to see bullfighting returns means absolutely nothing . 
  very few people want to see bullfighting return here in catalonia either ; definitely less than 25 % of the population . 
  as i have stated various times in this thread . 
  this difference in the treatment we receive on this matter is concerning . 
  if you ca n't ban bullfighting in catalonia , you ca n't do that in the canary islands either . 
  i just guess they have given up catalonia because they are the 6th political force while they still can harvest some votes from the canary islands so they do n't poke you . 
  that and sheer anticatalanism which is in pp 's core anyways . 
  that 's a good way to put it . 
  if it is overturned here it should also be overturned in the canary islands . 
  it 's called jurispudrence . 
  what you said also proves a point : it does n't matter what law we pass , it will be targeted anyway . 
  the fact that they have only bothered to present an appeal for our case and not yours , despite contradicting whatever same article we have contradicted , shows a clear trend of targeting our government . 
  the amount of laws our democratically elected parliament has passed which have been overturned has to be the highest in the whole country . 
  did n't you guys ban bullfighting even before us ? 
  as far as i know the uk is not a unitary country . 
  a unitary country would be france , for instance . 
  being a unitary country implies not having regions with significant autonomy . 
  edit : i stand corrected, 
  how on earth can spain have higher gdp than its richest regions ? 
  how stupid is saying that because we live by the mediterranean we 'll never have a proper government ? 
  how stupid is saying catalonia will be a country created of thin air because of spain ( \u00bf \u00bf \u00bf ?? ) ? 
  jesus christ , i 've never seen that many facts put together with such confidence . 
  how the fuck are we supposed to have a lower gdp than greece and portugal ( with all due respect ) ? 
   so hoping you 'll end up like the netherlands or denmark if independent is just a dream . 
  absolutely false . 
  it is accomplishable given we have the resources to do so . 
  it 's up to us , not luck . 
  quite the contrary . 
  smaller states would increase interdependency from one another . 
  a small country ca n't provide everything , they need things from other countries . 
  trade would be a necessity and thus we would n't hinder it . 
  i see belgium , denmark , austria , etc having any problem with trade . 
  moldova , artificial state created out of thin air because of the ussr . 
  montenegro , not even 20 years since its independence and they 've been through a brutal war . 
  in europe there are far more examples of good small countries than bad ones . 
  good : estonia , latvia , lithuania , sweden , norway , iceland , netherlands , denmark , belgium , switzerland , austria , czech republic , slovenia , ireland , luxembourg , liechtenstein , andorra . 
  bad : kosovo ( this one is special because its special status ) , montenegro ( i have the feeling that , still , they are better off than being with serbia ) , cyprus , and then countries like slovakia , croatia , and the balkans who have lots of problems that being a bigger country would not solve . 
  it 's definitely not a matter of luck . 
  that last sentence shows a lot of ignorance, 
  why do you need sources ? 
  it 's pure logic . 
  you have a parliament with 100 seats . 
  a country with 100m people means each seat represents 1m people . 
  a country with 10 m people means each seat represents 100.000 people . 
  therefore , the smaller the country , the better its citizens are represented and the better popular demands are represented . 
  as to cohesion , what will be more cohesive , a 500m people state with different languages , nationalities , religions , etc. 
  or the parts that form said state in which we found said nationalities , languages and religions ? 
  what is more cohesive , belgium , or wallon and flandes ? 
  what is more cohesive , the whole arab world or morocco , tanger , etc. ? 
  as i said , putting different sensitivities and ideologies in the same basket is doomed to fail . 
  why force 2 countries that approach things differently to be united when each on their own will be able to do their own thing without undermining the other country 's thing ? 
  as if there were federalists ... pp ? 
  no way . 
  c 's ? 
  no way . 
  no way ( despite what theyhave sometimes said , they have never proposed anything serious and they have never undertaken an election claiming to be a federalist party . 
  it 's like saying they are republican ) . 
  they probably are and they 'd like to do so , but the truth is that 50 % of their voters were in favour of centralizing the country more . 
  conclusion , there barely is a glimmer of support in the spanish parliament , despite not being adressed or brought up ever , and there is barely any support among the population . 
  people are happy with how things stand . 
  there is only real support in the same old places catalonia , basque country , etc. 
  this is the most likely scenario , really .
