  it happens everytime a poll gives independence enough support to win a referendum , then the institution or agency in charge of the poll is biased and does n't perform an honest and objective task . 
  when the exact same institution relesases another poll where independence support has lowered , then it is ok to draw conclusions off it and affirm the independence movement is going downhill . 
  ( this is just an example ) ok . 
  hahaha i hope you have a great time here, 
  after all these anti-tourism comments it 's normal that you are a bit afraid haha . 
  well , do n't be !, 
  if you are respectful the locals will be polite and glad that you are here visiting . 
  as far as i can tell by your comment , you are the perfect visitor and will be welcomed !, 
  the douche kind of tourist is also really easy to spot . 
  they usually make groups of 5-10 skin burnt apes , some sleevless shirts , sunglasses and they 're all filled with an entitlement of that who thinks everyone has to put up with your shit just because you 're on holiday abroad . 
  i agree , most cities that have been listed here because of the mass tourism are perfect in low season . 
  the problem is that a lot of people ca n't travel other than in august or july , when it 's most crowded . 
  barcelonians is probably the best attempt at translating , good job haha . 
  the locals are getting fed up with tourism , yes . 
  there 's mix feelings because tourism is such a boost in the city 's economy but at the same time there 's too many that living in certain places is absolute hell . 
  i had to spend the night wandering around barcelona because i had missed the last train home and had to wait until dawn to get a new one . 
  the amount of filth , noise and lack of respect for the locals and neighbours from the young drunk tourists `` experiencing the nightlife '' was inconceivable . 
  as i was sober i got the chance to live it in the flesh and it was a nightmare . 
  people peeing everywhere ( i am talking about emblematical and central places such as la rambla and pla\u00e7a catalonia ) , littering all the place , shouting , violence ... 
  there 's an increasing hostility against tourism when it gets to such levels . 
  it 's a different kind of hostility from what you said , though , perhaps hostility is not the proper word to describe it . 
  i 'd say it 's more of `` how the fuck can there be that many tourists , how the fuck are they enjoying this , jesus christ i have to watch out all the time so i can not stumble upon anybody '' . 
  then there 's true hostility towards those who trash everything , disrupt the live of the locals and are plain cunts . 
  agree , whenever i have to go to barcelona i 'm both amazed and confused by the insanely large amounts of tourists everywhere . 
  i just see a sea of people which almost looks like they 're in a demonstration . 
  it 's very saddening when you imagine all the squares and streets with half the amount of tourists and how great the city would look . 
  la rambla is absolutely unenjoyable , for me , on summers . 
  there 's so many people you have to be more focused on not tackling anybody than the architecture and the lovely street istelf . 
  the crowd has become part of the scenary , you have to make a mental exercise to remove it from your sight , which is very draining . 
  absolute shame . 
  for beaches , though , everyone knows barcelona 's are shit . 
  if you go 30 km away elsewhere they 're already much better . 
  if you go to paris to , above all , relax , then it 's mostly your fault for being ignorant . 
  paris is an amazing city , but it requires you to be active and willing to see it all , which requires energy and does n't quite let you `` relax '' . 
  tourism wise i consider paris and the rest of france like almost two different countries . 
  you need completely different mindsets to enjoy paris or the rest of france . 
  paris is a tourist destination category on its own and you 're only at risk of being dissapointed if you are ignorant as to where you are going to ; if you know you are travelling to a packed , energetic and demanding city then paris can offer you anything but dissapointment . 
   not to be that guy , but i think that per politician , ciu is more corrupt, 
  very interesting . 
  thank you , and the other guy that contributed, 
  of course it is better because now this map shows something about corruption , while the other one was a completely different thing . 
  that map does n't help you at all , though . 
  if you make an imputed per capita map , catalonia would actually be one of the lowest ones ... also , i still do n't believe a map where there are les imputed polititians in valencia than in catalonia . 
  for example ? 
  quaility of government means corruption ? 
  that map has nothing to do with it . 
  there is no way catalonia has more corrupt polititians per capita than valencia , for instance . 
  well the first part is plain wrong . 
  haha the point is that if you live until 84 , you can expect to reach 70 years being completely fine . 
  the downhill in health would/could start at 73/75/who knows . 
  if you live until 70 , that downhill will obsviously start before . 
  it 's not like life is super fun and perfect until a certain , established , age and then it all goes to shit all of a sudden for no reason ... hell , most people that reach 100 are absolutely full of live and still enjoying it when they are 80/85 ... 
  i smell a bit of salt there mate, 
  notice how almost every european capital is one step ahead of their surroundings or the entire country altogether . 
  most of these people are in college and/or are way more educated than the average citizen . 
  you get your jeans from china and your onions from israel but they have to get to you somehow right ? 
  i am talking about catalonia as an unavoidable area to trade between the peninsula and europe . 
  well it is avoidable but at a very high cost . 
  it 's also funny because most european countries recognised kosovo , with only spain , russia and a few more against . 
  also , we 're no kosovo . 
  the fire is attached to the horns . 
  there 's not direct contact between the fire and the horn , and the horn has no sensitivity . 
  the bull feels no pain , but it is severely stressed and psychologically damage which is why animal protectors are against it . 
  as i said , the differences between these 2 stupid traditions are noticeable as to the damage made to the bull . 
  what i said about it being physically harmless is true . 
  what country has done that ? 
  they have given them ( use singular ) a few votes in something that is completely irrelevant and we , in exchange have gotten a much more important thing . 
  what charade ? 
  all these moves are completely useless and have no direct effect on anything . 
  they know that and that 's why they have given these few votes on that thing, 
  yes thanks for correcting me on the amazon thing , i did n't know how to translate it . 
  anyway , the point stands . 
  there should be no problem . 
  we 're not becoming a new kosovo, 
  only people that 's 56 + now could 've voted that . 
  that number is absolutely meaningless when you add up the socio-historical context . 
  40 years of dictatorship , where people was willing to vote for a stained toilet paper as constitution . 
  that guy gave you a very cheeky answer . 
  there is only one party in spain that defends a referendum . 
  this party barely has less than 1/4 of the seats . 
  you need 2/3 of the seats in order to change the constitution to allow for a referendum . 
  it 's not impossible , legally speaking . 
  there are mechanisms and democratic and legal ways to do so . 
  it is just socially and impossible . 
  the parties that go for a referendum in catalonia mean 80 % of the seats , while in spain around 75 \u2105 of the voters oppose said referendum . 
  it is truly impossible and the unilateral way is the only one there is . 
  trust us , we 've studied and tried every single one . 
  i dislike both and i would ban both , but there 's a difference between these two . 
  one is literally toying with the animal , slowly killing him while torturing him . 
  the other , while it can be stressful and psychologically harmful for the bull , is not physically damaging and does n't threaten their life . 
  there 's a major difference besides `` one thing is catalan and the other is not '' . 
  i did n't say catalan is oppressed ... really , read it all over again . 
  the discussion is purely linguistic , i did n't refer to any political stand . 
  in fact , i do n't think this ca n't be changed politically , but by the people themselves . 
  languages , after all , are the result of what people speak, 
  more money , more representation , more voice , more influence . 
  we 're provided with very few cards , i do n't know why should n't we play with all of them . 
  i always tell myself to ignore these people but then you see the guy is +18 upvoted , you sigh , and say `` shit , are people really believing this '' . 
  this one is particularly ridiculous , he 's picturing our school system as though we were in nazi germany or soviet russia . 
  of course , you can count with one or two hands the words imported from english .
