  i though you 'd be able to understand home as country . 
  your country , spain . 
  mine is catalonia . 
  sorry for the missconception, 
  of course , why would n't i ? 
  if they want to celebrate an independemce referendum according to catalan laws ( because the spanish ones do n't allow to ) , it is their call . 
  i would n't be concerned either because they are and feel catalan , lol . 
  why would a region with less population than luxembourg whose economy relies on tourism during winter ( ski ) and rural activities . 
  and fuck off , how dare you talk about corruption while you have a new corruption scandal per week and , while those politicians who had direct contact with some of the most important people in the government are already in prison , the pujal affair is yet to be prossecuted and you are already jumping at their thorats even though you have 10x more shit at your home . 
  ( i 'm not positioning myself for or against the case . 
  i just have no poof to tell if they are guilty ) . 
  you guys have been trying to hard with the `` corruption '' thing and it is quite hilarious . 
  in the last 2-3 days the newspapers called `` el mundo '' opened with this headliner : `` xavier trias ( barcelona 's mayor ) have at least 13.5 m $ in a swiss bank '' . 
  they looked into it and it resulted they made it up , from scratch . 
  all this thing 1 week away for the consultation . 
  how opportunistic ey ? 
  same with the pujol case , everything started weeks away from 11-s , catalan national day , to avoid the massive concentration . 
  they failed . 
  the right of self-determination and the right of democracy does n't have to be voted by ** anyone ** . 
  it exists ( as long as we talk about developed and democratic countries . 
  but spain is , right ??! ), 
  thanks for the support , appreciate it . 
  even though i would vote yes , my current fight lies on being able to exercise democracy and the fundamental right to vote . 
  we 'll talk later about which one is the correct answer and whether we would do better as an independent country . 
  yup i agree with you , people call me crazy when i tell them i 'd like to be occupied by the police or even the military . 
  that would be an instant `` win '' , they would n't dare shooting a person but the occcupation by itself would mean a lot to all the democratic and developed countries . 
  you do n't really see any other way to solve the conflict ? 
  the catalan government has tried to impulse a legal consult by many ways but they have all been shut down by the central government . 
  the first referendum was 100 % legal according to the catalan laws , which are limited by our state of authonomy . 
  this status of authonomy is pacted with spain , in fact it was incredibly sluaghtered in 2010 by the famous constitutional court , violating many of our rights as catalans . 
  well , as i said , the referendum did n't violate any catalan law , and if they are limited by spain , then does n't violate any national law . 
  all these `` oh , no the constitution does n't allow it !!, 
  hey , catalans , law is the law !, 
  you must attach to that piece of paper most of you did n't even get to vote in favour of it !, 
  ahh the consitution , the modern holy bible !, 
  everything written in there must done until the end of times !!! '', 
  is the biggest piece of crap a democratic government could tell . 
  ** law serves democracy , not the other way around . 
  ** 300 years ago law said women and most of the men could n't vote. , now we are here . 
  here 's the original video which is actually much more fun : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdqayc1sr7g, 
  source in the last thing : http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4218109/20141104/govern-catala-mante-votacio-9-n.html it is in catalan and basically it says the stated in the title , this time the catalan government will not obey the decision to ban the consultation . 
  only 5 days left !!, 
  no way spain recognizes palestine with all the things that are going on in catalonia , lol, 
  that 's actually really cool !, 
  i would like to see it when it freezes , the idea of the sea getting frozen fascinates me . 
  is it swimmable in the summer ? 
  i mean , not from the point of view of a northern , but rather from the hot water lover southern pussy !, 
  ahh the tropical latvian beaches !, 
  well that sucks , but as you said at least you look smart ( no doubt you are ! ) . 
  here in spain people think we do n't even know what ` hello ' means but the truth is that the average 17 year old teenager knows more english than the dumb asses who rule the country and many of the important business . 
  our english level among the youth is still pretty miserable compared to the rest of eu but meh , it 's something . 
  it is safe to say that overall catalan is the first language . 
  it 's not like it is a residual language . 
  and to be honest , most of those who have spanish as their mother tongue live near barcelona and they are less than the ones who have catalan as their first language . 
  if we go to the little villages and the rest of catalonia , the results are even bigger . 
  just a little correction as i 'm catalan and know what actually happens in here , lol . 
  spain second language is n't catalan . 
  there 's no second language in spain other than basque and `` gallego '' ( do n't know its translation ) and these languages are only talked in their respective regions . 
  in the catalonia case , catalan is n't the second language , it is the first , and spanish would be the second language . 
  same thing may happen with galicia and the basque country but as i do n't really know whether they use their languages over spanish often i ca n't tell . 
  ( i take english out of the equation because it is not a language people actually use to talk with each other ) . 
  people from the rest of spain might understand some words and phrases but none of them could speak it nor write it so it ca n't be considered as a second language . 
  that photo 10/10, 
  finland you are doing it right, 
  okay you covered pretty much everything . 
  what i tried to mean though is that these scots that theorically have changed their mind probably would like to see some sort of intention and will to start the change . 
  yes , it takes time but i 'm sure that in 42 days you can at least make some declarations ( the politicians in charge ) or something to relieve those worried scots who do n't see any signs of change . 
  i repeat myself what i said at the beggining , i have no idea how things are doing there , but there has to be a reason why , according to this article , sccotish ' opinion has changed that much since the referendum . 
  well thanks for the answer . 
  however , i think 42 days are enough time to start doing something about it . 
  i mean , this thing should be among the top priorities the uk have . 
  i ca n't thing of anything more urgent and important other than solving the finantial crisis and its effects . 
  a lot of scots voted no over yes because all these promises and i would be angered as well if after more than a month nothing had changed or made signs of change . 
  but is it really needed a change in the constitution to give the scots at least one or two things out of everything they promised ? 
  well i have no idea about how things are going since the referendum but if after all the promises from london about scotland having more influence and power in the uk nothing has changed , this could be the reason . 
  catalan : [ sopa de cabra - camins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87uzdjdr5ky ), 
  damn , thank you . 
  no worries !, 
  i like when someone corrects my english , only way to improve !, 
  and thank you !, 
  besides my personal inclinations towards the subject , my only concern atm is whether we 'll be able to vote or no , the rest comes later and will be decided exclusively by the people so there will be no real wins or loses . 
  who the fuck leaked our secret plan to this guy ?!, 
  ( i 'm so dumb ... thanks for pointing that out ), 
  he was joking so i am . 
  wo n't be needed !, 
  our journey to independence must be a ~ ~ pacific ~ ~ ~ ~ peaceful ~ ~ pacifist movement !, 
  that 's not my anthem . 
  here 's my country 's national anthem ( lyrics warining !!, 
  ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqqvmsqiqnq . 
  here you have the no-live version which actually sounds better and it is the official one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pg9lnsqnhck, 
  thanks for the answer and man , you really have a kickass national anthem . 
  i love it . 
  wait , i thought this was the ussr anthem but i see it is russia 's too . 
  is there any difference concerning the lyrics ? 
  populismo barato , vamos, 
  was refering to the algiz rune . 
  those trees are ours !, 
  no , when you make borders with straight lines and create countries out of nowhere which do not represent any nation or anything at all you are only setting up lots of violence . 
  all these civil wars and militias are because of how badly europe fucked up in the discolonization process , where they just draw some straight lines in a map and gave the land to the first dictator they saw . 
  lol did n't know that profile .
