   the first ( only ? ), 
  country to save their jews actually denmark managed to save a really , really high percentage of their jews as well :d , it is very remarkable from your country nonetheless . 
   really have a plan to kill absolutely every single person on the planet and then genetically engineer a perfect race ? 
  they di n't have an plane explicity based on so , but they did plan ( and you should know that ) on wiping out at least more than the 50 % of the population in almost all areas of eastern europe . 
  and if there were no one to stop them of course they would have tried to `` purify '' all the world , why not ? 
  though they already knew it was n't possible . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the difference is that if you do n't want to get killed by your opinions you just do n't speak them out ; it 's sad and unfair , but at least you have a choice . 
  if you do n't want to get killed by the color of your skin you ca n't do absolutely nothing but to skin yourself , which is impossible . 
  would you choose death instead of life of torture , starvation , oppression and imprisonment ? 
  if that was the common go-to , then everybody would have commited suicide would n't they ? 
  plus the fact that , while the nazis planned on wiping out almost the totality of the population , just by who they were , the soviets deported , killed and deported mostly based on political ideologies ( notice the mostly ) . 
  i do n't thing hitler would ever give a shit about these relationship regarding the ethnic nature of bulgaria . 
  same with romania , for instance , they helped hitler in the war but i can bet my house that he could n't have resisted to do anything with all the gypsies . 
  we will never know what would have happened or not but i would say the odds are somewhat high . 
  they did nothing wrong because they did n't get the chance to do so . 
   it 's debatable whether the soviets or nazis were worse no it 's not , and it is time to heal this trauma of yours and start facing things objectively . 
  i 'd rather have the choice to keep my mouth shut and live than die no matter what you do , just for who you are . 
  why can all the allies but russia do victory parades ? 
  well , it does for those `` insignifcant '' 1 or 2 millions more . 
  do you realize that the only altenative to the soviet deportation and mass murders was the total extermination in some areas by the nazis ? 
  we all know ussr was evil , stalin was evil . 
  that being said , stop trying to convince anyone that a soviet victory was worse than a nazi one , because if the nazis had won you maybe would n't be here in the first place . 
  also , it is quite saddening the way you say `` 1 or 2 milion does n't change anything '' , it is absolutely disrespectful for those people , some of them from your country , that died and were completely forgotten . 
  you are butthurt about what `` has happened '' today ? 
  do you realize the people that has mocked the french today are literally retards attempting to be funny who represent a tiny percentage of people . 
  every sensible person knows france had a very important and brave role in wwii and it is so stupid of you to go around this mad posting shit at everyone because of what you 've seen today . 
  the more stupid things you say , the less respect you and your country will get . 
  it looks cool but it is also quite cringey to be honest . 
  i agree . 
  however , it is also true that geniune marxists ( from the point of view of an utopical socialism ) is also regarded very wrongly in some places while it is a completely pacific ideology which only aims for equality . 
  i agree that every sort of dictatorship apoligizing must be banned and i 'm from spain so i know what are you talking about . 
  you can freely walk in the streets shouting nazi and fascists mottos while making the salute and with some fascists flag that nothing will happen . 
  plus holding a country such as the ussr is almost impossible . 
  i honestly do n't know what hitler expected , if he had stopped by denmark , austria , czechoslovakia and their half of poland they would have been able to hold it and even germanize it while signing some truce with france and the uk which are the moment were pooping their pants . 
  also in a larger period of time and many of the kills included in the statics are rather '' * indirect * '' killings . 
  you ca n't compare the extermination camps with the deaths caused by a huge famine . 
  iirc the deaths in the gulag from the 30 's or so until 1953 are ** way ** lower than the 12 milion people deliberately killed by the nazis , in 12 years ( though most of it happened in 5 years more or less ) . 
  during my stay in / r/europe i 've noticed that a lot of people from eastern europe are so afraid of the atrocities comitted by comunism to be forgotten . 
  we will never forget what happened , it will be with us for the rest of our existance as a reminder of what humanity can turn into . 
  however , as it is normal because you guys suffered directly from it , you exagerate . 
  as plain as that , and it is okay . 
  it is really , really hard to discuss on something objectively when * you * , your people , your family were part of it . 
  i see so many times in ussr/nazi germany/wwii posts that communism was `` worse '' ( for the lack of a more suitable word ) than nazism and , after analizing all things carried out by both sides , it is just not correct . 
  any non-corrput political party maybe ? 
  regarding the answers you 've got to this comment i can only say ... 
  welcome to our world . 
   harassing poor / u/mate77 [ 4 ] here to the point of him having to even remove his flair to discuss . 
  i was n't harassed at all but since having a catalan flair means all of your thoughts and ideas are the result of an evil brain-washing adictronating plot i have decided to start an `` experiment '' to see how things change from now on , even though i am quite infamous already among the spaniards . 
  you posted links and sources ? 
  do not hold your breath waiting for a reply of the same kind . 
  says the guy that refuse to provide a single source or fact to proof his point . 
  and you do n't really need to tell me what to do to be honest , but i appreciate it anyways !, 
  it looks like i ca n't even unflair now . 
  i want people to value my comments , not my flair . 
  should be an easy and unprescindible thing in order for this sub to be healthy , but it 's not . 
  yes !, 
  it 's safer this way . 
  have a happy life . 
  where have they hidden the camera ? 
  this ca n't be real . 
  good on you and your credibility . 
  i hope someone other than catalans and spaniards read this `` discussion '' and , despite the incoming downvotes , try to build a conclusion on their own about this almost unreal shit that 's happening right here . 
  it is so lame that you refuse to provide some facts while still trying to be taken seriously , good to know , one more troll spotted ( this might infuriate some ), 
  it does n't get classier than this comment , sadly . 
  of course my ideas are the product of brain-washing propaganda . 
  you guys are tougher than a fucking brick wall when it comes to mantaining a discussion . 
  edit : typos, 
  you have a good point there , but you must remember that we are talking about important and somewhat influential people of the party . 
  if the fact that these people tweet things like `` puta catalu\u00f1a , putos catalufos , el trapo de mierda ( referring to the estelada , etc. ) '', 
  does n't make them anticatalanists i do n't know what does . 
  edited a typo that hurt my sight . 
  if they were in charge they would have already teared apart all major forms of catalanism . 
  when they want to get the catalan out of school , they are not only `` attacking '' the nationalists but also the other people that want their children to be taught in catalan . 
  i guess that , as always , every piece of catalanism is just another part of the brain-washing nazi-like catalan nationalism . 
  and by the way , c 's are way more nationalistic , in their own way , than the major catalan parties . 
  and this opinion is probably going to be bombed by i wonder who . . 
  i am quite positive the links are n't fake since i 've seen these tweets myself lol . 
  however , if you think they are , go show it . 
  he provided those links that can be considered sources unless somebody contradicts it , but with more sources . 
  edit : only here could i get downvoted for deffending the use of sources while the other side of the discussion provides none , i 'm starting to think that the best way to post in / r/europe is to do so with no flair . 
  are n't they ? 
  well they started as an almost `` radical '' party with a lot of ambition to change things that attracted a lot of people that are fed up with the country but they are slowly taking it back to the point they are not that different from the pp/psoe . 
  edit : radical as in a very , very alternative party . 
  if someone looks for a negative connotation , do n't . 
  a photo from maybe half a kilometer and my ass still clenched hard . 
  you pointed out the consequence , not the cause . 
  i know what you mean , though , as soon as someone takes the first step everybody else has to react or give in , i guess . 
  what was that point then ? 
  if there was one . 
  should dissapear asap, 
  top 5 is ours fuck yeah, 
  the mass killings commited by the fascists during the war will always outnumber the ones commited by the anarquists , communists or socialist . 
  this plus the fact that the killings done by those people were not a `` command '' or an order from the republican government , they obeyed no one . 
  however , the killings done by the francoist side during and after the war were ordered and were part of the usual modus operandi . 
  yup my family has been fighting hard to get justice from some italian bombings in a train station in figueres that caught my grandfather 's family trying to flee . 
  it was a slaughter and after losing several family members there he still does n't have any subsidizing from it . 
  bureaucracy too strong . 
  to be honest , though , the spanish bureaucracy has put more spokes in the wheel than the italian one . 
  i just checked wikipedia as well and it says he was genoese .
