  if `` god '' is the massive `` no '' campaign that was pulled during the last week then yes , god save the queen . 
  when we caught the elevetor after that , a couple of germans apologized to us for that `` show '' haha . 
  germany ( at least black forest and bavaria ) is so oriented to national tourism i would say considering the amount of only german info in the majority of touristic places . 
  museums explanations and lots of signs were limited to german . 
  at least we had no travel purchasing train tickets because you could change the menu language but overall you 'll have some travel when it comes to choose which pack or offer will you pick for a certain visit or so . 
  she was an old women who knew literally 0 english . 
  as a catalan , that was the only way we had to communicate and as soon as we started to fail with that she got so frustated and started sighing and complaining in german . 
  i found it kind of sad and stupid that such `` tourist oriented '' employment had a person in charge that only knew her language . 
  i mean , at least learn the prices of the tickets in english as well as some numbers to understand if the costumer is +18 so it does n't sound like chinese to her . 
  we had to write down on a paper the number of tickets +18 and -18 we needed . 
  went to m\u00fcnchen on holiday this summer . 
  holy shit i was aware of the bavarian nature but some people broke my expectations . 
  marienplatz tower ticket seller i 'm looking at you , satan . 
  however , going deeper into the black forest the amount of incredibly nice people increased heavily . 
  oh god how i miss germany, 
  well i 'd say this gif was made by a german . 
  then you wo n't mind making a post in / r/history or here . 
  whatever . 
  we 've had more autonomy than the one we currently `` have '' like a ton of times before . 
  here 's the explanation . 
  i 'm not going to give you a history lesson here . 
  i was just laughing at your statement , you should be a comedian !, 
   catalonia & the basque country have never had as much autonomy as today . 
  lol, 
  thoughts on catalan process for independence ? 
  our culture and our way to be is consantly violated by the central government, 
  were n't uniforms . 
  you just had to go with red or yellow clothes depending where yo had to go . 
  the organisators sold someshirts and bags , though, 
  but he pretty much has strong influences in everything that rules the world . 
  catalonia would be a bigger state in terms of population and extension than many os the eu states . 
  bigger than ireland , belgium , austria , latvia , denmark and a huge etc. . . 
  hey , money is n't everything . 
  i am catalan , members of my family have died fighting for freedom and for our nation . 
   also in the comments about the state of christianity , you forgot byzantium . 
  indeed , my bad , should have specified all the terriories influenced by rome and the pope , back when he had a super strong influence . 
  the christian reconquering of the peninsula was waaaaaay more bloodier than the previous islamic invasion . 
  while the christians did n't leave a single head attached to its muslims body ( in some places , such has the balearics ) , the islamics integrated a huge part of the christian population when they invaded the peninsula , and they did n't even forced them to convert to islam . 
  anyway , who was the owner of that land ? 
  not more than 3 centuries before the invasion the romans ruled there , after them the visigoth did during 250 years . 
  we have to remember , though , that before the muslims inavaded the peninsula the visigoths had already done so , and the romans , and probably the celtis and ibers that lived there before the romans had kicked out somebody else . 
  what 's your point ? 
  are you implying that everyone could play that game of invading everybody else excepte the muslims even though they did it quite `` peacefully '' given period of history we are talking about ? 
  well i 'm having trouble thinking about 1 single subject christian civilization excelled over the islamic one ( science , philosophy , astronomy and so on ... ) . 
  i also do not fully understand your point ; you first say it 's a fantasy and then proceed to explain how great they were whilst not giving any reason on why they were n't as ahead as i said . 
  however , i agree with the fact that all of this is correlated to the influence of their respectives religions at the time . 
  funny enough , al-andalus and islam in general were ages ahead of christian civilization at the time so yeah , ~ ~ dumb statement . ~ ~ edit : the anti-isla circlejerk is way too strong in this subreddit . 
  christianity 1000 years ago was way more fucked up than islam at the time , whether you like it or not . 
  reminds me of the film `` the purge '', 
  aw if it makes you happy i can tell you i loved every piece of croatia when i visited it . 
  not only the landscapes but the people , the food , and so on ... lovely country , 
  is that even gramatically correct ? 
  it is indeed the best option we have . 
  we 'd have to make up a new word or choose another one but that 'd be too much confusing for the people . 
  also , love how we speak of it as `` we '' as if we were the bosses of `` the english language '' haha, 
  the male/female part i think is okay , but not knowing whether it 's an individual or a group does , as i said , widen too much the posibilities . 
  does it work the same way in dutch ? 
  i just find it very impractical and lazy from the english to use a personal pronoun ( which gives information about the person who does/receive/etc the action , therefore ca n't be any neuter . ), 
  for something that does n't have gender nor number . 
  it 's like there was a word that meant `` any color '' , and that word was `` green '' ; then you would n't know if the color is unknown or it 's just green . 
  ( maybe poor analogy but it 's quite hard to discuss english grammar , which i do n't really know about , in a language that is n't mine ), 
  oh yes , i forgot about that . 
  it seems it can be annoying on paper but tbh i do n't think it 's much of a big deal . 
  if it were it would already been fixed because the main purpose of a language is to communicate well and efficiently . 
  being a native speaker of a romance language like catalan , english is * relatively easy * ; there 's no gender of the words . 
  you do n't have to care whether the chair or the tree is a `` he '' or a `` she '' . 
  i 'd say you are thinking of [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neuschwanstein_castle ) which is an understandable mistake because they look similar and both are in the same area . 
  i had to check it myself because i 've been there this summer and i just did n't remember it being named hohenzoller . 
  ninja edit : nevermind , just saw op already pointed out that it was n't said castle , i feel dumb, 
  agree , i also dislike using `` they '' because it widens the posibilities . 
  it can be male/female , singular/plural ... 
  in this [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2y96gy/thank_you_kind_stranger/cp7d95g ) of the original post in / r/pics op gives some context . 
  cheers , i 'll drink a good bavarian beer for you tomorrow as i see how things develop . 
  you have n't seen them here , and you wo n't see them anywere ... 
  i know guys that speak catalan everyday and consider themselves catalans and bla bla bla that have voted no and i knoe dudes to whom i speak in spanish and so one eho have voted yes . 
  my humble contribution to the discussion . 
  100 % yes gathers aprox 47 % of the votes . 
  100 % no gathers 39 % . 
  then we have that party , catalonia si que es pot , which deffended the right of self determination and had celebrating a referendum in their program , among other things . 
  it is known that within that party the actual yes/no opinion is very divided . 
  i 'm unable to provide any actual numbers atm , so i 'd be glad to be corrected , but some polls showed a 50-50 among the politicians . 
  even their candidate to the election voted yes-yes in the unofficial consultation of 9n . 
  it would be unfair to divide these votes in any way , but if you take that 50-50 from their leaders , and translate it to actual votes , the yes would win really easily even with proportions such as 30 % yes , 70 % no . 
  another very important point is the foreign vote . 
  it has been reported that a lot of catalans have had a lot of trouble casting their vote ( hum hum ) and a significant part have been unable to do so . 
  for the record , all votes casted in the ambassy in rome `` have been lost '' ( they were dumped to the trash or something like that ) . 
  anyway , foreign vote has broken a record this year as well . 
  it is expectable that most of the votes are pro-yes and i do n't know if these votes have been counted yet . 
  not counting them as no does n't imply counting them as yes . 
  we 're counting them according to what they deffended in this aspect , which is nothing . 
  i did n't know that in 1984 the 51.21 % of the populations were in favour of independence . 
  votes via mail will have a huge impact as well . 
  they will mean around 1 or 2 % of the vote , at least . 
  ( that 's what 's expected ), 
  preocupant ? 
  cup ? 
  yes , i hope they bring some more so everyone can vote . 
  as far as i know they only had like 75k envelopes out of a 90k census , or something along those figures , am i right ? 
  pretty fucked up , to be fair . 
  podemos is against independence but i still know some independentist people that have voted catalunya si que es pot because they want to be asked in a legal referendum .
