  i do n't mind him saying shit about 3 people that have proved to be absolutely clean from corruption . 
  i like it that we keep our politicians ona tight leash , but the absurd amount of noise for a 12 year old corruption scandal which is n't 1/10 as big as any of the several scandals that have been uncovered this last year . 
  or this last month for that matter . 
  catalonia has one of the fewest jailed/prossecuted politicians per capia in the whole country , yet if you saw the news and read certain newspapers it 'd appear as though we are sicily . 
  of course he does n't . 
  what he knows is that , as he said , el pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 hosts a shit ton of nazis that have at times behaved like a terrorist organisation ( that is , murdering , severe violence and even bombing ) . 
  if what he `` experiences '' in catalonia is hostile , what he experiences in his homeland must be a war zone if he is to be coherent . 
  i guess you must be constantly offended in the pa\u00eds val\u00e8ncia since its a nest of neo-nazis . 
  you are offended by a graffiti saying `` visca catalunya lliure '' and an estelada , you must break down every time you see a swastika . 
  source or delete this comment . 
  fed up with the plain out lies here . 
  one dude saying there is a hostile environment in catalonia because of flags , the other saying only people from independentists parties have attended the rally , the other saying psoe would have agreed on a referendum had rufian not hurt their feelings ... 
  enough . 
  i was obviously implying lupinechemist is more sensible than the average , which it 's true . 
  i was n't saying the average spaniard is not sensible . 
  i was the only one trying to counter the unfathomable shit that was saying here . 
  from the valencian dude that says he feels a very hostile environment went he crosses the border with catalonia to the guy that said the 50,000 people out there were puppets by the catalan government . 
  had there been someone else to swallow all the hate , i wouldn \u00a1 ' t have bothered . 
  surely there ca n't be 50,000 people that actually care ? 
  hell , my parents wanted to go but they could n't attend because they work . 
  wow ... grow a thicker skin . 
   honestly , the moment rufi\u00e1n went off on psoe in the congress was the moment i realized they were n't serious about `` trying everything '' . 
  are you serious ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  how ca n't we be serious about `` trying everything '' when we already have ? 
  rufian going off on psoe was a much needed reality check for a party that has drifted away from the ideals they once defended . 
   with everything that happened in psoe , there 's a real possibility that there could be a negotiated pact involving will from the central government regarding a referendum between psoe , podemos , and various nationalist parties . 
  but ... that was torpedoed right in that speech . 
  you have to be joking or deliberately lying . 
  i refuse to believe you actually think this . 
  `` trying everything '' is asking for a refrendum 18 , eighteen , times in congress . 
  showing juridical arguments to bypass the constitutional blockade , at times . 
  in what alternative universe can you find a majority of 2/3 in the spanish parliament that says `` ok , let 's give them a referendum '' ????? 
  it must be the same universe where psoe agrees on holding one as well . 
  for the record , even if psoe was in favour of one , there would n't even be enough parliamentary support . 
  i do n't know on which logic do your arguments and view stand , to be honest . 
  and also , for the record , one of the main reasons pedro sanchez was overthrown was because he was suspected to have negotiated with independentists , not for a referendum ! , but simply to form goverment . 
  his own party did n't even allow him to negotiate with independentists parties , depite the refrendum never being on the table at any times . 
   travelling from the valencian community to catalonia by train you feel the hostile vibe just as you cross the borders to catalonia , with independentists flags and separatist graphitti all over the place . 
  of all the mind-boggling things i 'm reading here , this takes the cake . 
  `` most of the people were councilors from pro-independentist parties '' . 
  how is that not a ridiculous claim ? 
  did you really just see the buses and go `` oh look at all these party members '' . 
  out of 50,000 people , most of them are councilors from independentists parties ? 
  that is a ridiculous claim . 
  unless you , for god knows why , now every councilor from every pro-independence town and party from catalonia . 
  i addressed a particular point with which i disagree , that 's it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why so complicated ? 
  it 's a simple yes-no referendum . 
  the referendum does n't have to appeal two particular parties , it has to cater to 2 options . 
  the only difference between 9-n and a normal referendum was the lack of legality and the fact that it was worthless . 
  the nature of the consultation itself was normal . 
  we want a referendum just as scotland . 
  what do you mean this is not going to happen with the current trajectory ? 
  i really , really hope you are talking about the central government because from catalonia we have tried everything . 
  shall i bend down and let claims such as `` only people orquestated by the government have attended this charade rally '' fuck me over ? 
  the 9-n consultation results were never intended to show an accurate representation of the political will . 
  right now tv3 is at one of the mildest points regarding bias . 
  can you give me some examples of this `` extreme propaganda '' . 
  is the fact that they actually invite independentists people to their debates propaganda ? 
  if satire programms give you the impression they push an agenda , it may simply be because the shit the central government pulls every week is a joke itself . 
  you probably meant pol\u00f2nia , nit crackovia , because the latter is about sports and they do n't mix in politics . 
  in pol\u00f2nia they bashing everyone equally . 
  the moment when a ridiculous claim like `` this rally was staged by the generalitat to show support for mas '' is at +7 , i know it 's time to piss off . 
  iirc around 100,000 people went and voted no . 
   it 's often presented as hugely one-sided but truth is it 's about even right now . 
  if you , who i personally believe are a very sensible person , thinks this shit , then i ca n't begin to fathom what the average spaniard thinks . 
  the only one-sided truth in catalonia is that an over-whelming majority ( 80 % ) wants a referendum . 
  never have we claimed there is an over-whelming support for independence . 
  from polls and from the last election we know it 's very tight and around 50-50 , that 's it . 
  i get to watch the main talk show in the mornings from tv3 . 
  the independentist-unionist proportions of guests is always around 50-50 , while basically all spanish talk shows are a blatant wankfest with no independentists in their normal line-ups ( from time to time they invite one ) . 
  no news here in the bashing of a channel you probably never watch , but they told you they are evil , so it must be true . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  we do not have that many bureaucrats , this is not andalusia . 
  edit : spaniards more outraged by this joke than by the claim that this rally has been a charade directed by the catalan government . 
  way to go, 
  i would 've sworn you were catalan lol, 
  i do n't see the point of this comment whatsoever . 
  it 's the same here . 
  it 's been the spaniards the ones that have immediately linked it to the independence question , when it should not . 
  not completely true since in barcelona city ( 1.6 m inhabitants ) supports lingers around the average ~ 50 % . 
  however , as you said in greater barcelona which accounts for a lot of population , support barely exceeds 30-35 % . 
   and according to catalans support was 80 % several years ago who ? 
  and when exactly ? 
  ca n't tell if ignorant or deliberately lying . 
  these kinds of posts have been lately submited by people with not only no independentists flairs , but not even catalan ones . 
  all majors news in catalonia at the moment are simply not post-worthy ; people just do n't care . 
  these posts are only being submitted so people can say : `` see , they are exactly as they were 6 months ago '' and the like . 
  a deadline for a refrendum in september has been established . 
  the next post in / r/europe about this should be 1 . 
  something very important has happened in the meantime , e.g autonomy suspended . 
  a referendum is held . 
  that 's it . 
  everything else is barely local news here in catalonia . 
  according to the spaniards here , the support has always been decreasing . 
  i 'm suprised it has n't hit negative figures yet . 
  what injustice ? 
  injustice is keeping a legal system that completely ignores the fundamental differences between women and men .
