  ciudadanos vetoed podemos from the get-go , leaving them to pact with the nationalists which consider the referendum as an no negotiable clause . 
  ciudadanos had to choose between podemos and pp , they chose pp . 
  one party opposed an agreement and it 's clauses , the other vetoed a party . 
  where have i claimed that catalan nationalism is less nationalism than any other nationalism ?? 
  now you tell me nationalism per se is n't bad after ranting about how terrible we nationalists are regardless of colour ?? 
  we do n't claim to be better than anyone . 
  our nationalism is a mechanism of survival . 
  if we do n't stand up for our language and culture , no one will . 
  you cant stand up for that and not be called a nationalist.spanish nationalism does n't have this purpose . 
  our nationalism is different for the reasons i have listed you in the latest 2 comments which you appear to be completely ignoring . 
  and get the fuck off you high horse with your condescending texts . 
  not at all . 
  why did n't c 's compromise themselves with a psoe+p odemos government ? 
  so podemos ca n't hold on to their principles because compromise but ciudadanos can despite having half the parliamentary support ? 
  spanish nationalism vetoes any possibility of catalan , with 10 m speakers , becoming and official language in the eu . 
  spanish nationalism tries to `` espa\u00f1olizar a los ni\u00f1os catalanes '' and many more . 
  half of my family comes from spain . 
  how you even dare to say anything like that . 
  you are missing the points , by miles . 
  if the spanish nationalists had their way , there would be no catalan and no catalonia . 
  if the catalan nationalists had their way , we 'd have a country so we can be treated as equals with the other countries of the world . 
  catalan nationalism aspires to become what many other nations already are . 
  spanish nationalism and catalan nationalism are n't nearly the same . 
  podemos wanted a government with psoe yet ciudadanos did n't allow it since they blocked any option that included podemos . 
  we had this exact discussion days ago . 
  ciudadanos has no problem handing the government to pp , they are the same . 
  podemos has almost double the representation of c 's , why should _ they _ bend down ? 
  ciudadanos could 've easily given support to an alternative but they did n't . 
  ah , the constitution says our language and our culture is protected . 
  case closed !, 
  and you just proved my point . 
  in catalan we have been studying in catalan since the beginning of democracy . 
  it 's an educative system agreed by the overwhelming majority of catalans which works efficiently as has been proved . 
  yet , from the outside , there have been multiple attempts to destroy this system . 
  one nationalism builds an educative system to survive , the other nationalism works to impose their ideology . 
  what part of the constitution do i have to look up if so i ca n't be assured that everything is okay despite the fact that , for example , less than 20 \u2105 of judicial sentences are written in catalan ? 
  he has a point . 
  everyone is a nationalist . 
  only those whose nation is not taken for granted in the status quo , where therefore they express their anger at the situation are called nationalists . 
  do you think erc or pdce ( ciu ) will consider themselves nationalists in the scenario we are an independent country ? 
  of course not . 
  the `` nationalist '' tag only makes sense in a certain context . 
  it has little to do with the conception of nation you think may belong to or not . 
  do you call the conservatives in britain nationalist ? 
  only the snp are nationalists . 
  same with every regional party that disagrees with the established conception of country , nation and state . 
  where in the hell have i said we are better than anybody else ? 
  he said that it is ironic that we complain about psoe pacting with pp because we have erc pacting with ciu , to which i replied that you cant even begin to compare pp and ciu ( one is much worse than the other , objectively , that 's a fact . ), 
  nor the exceptional situation we are living in catalonia . 
  psoe has allowed the worst government in the history of democracy to govern on at the cost of nothing . 
  one nationalism tries to suppress and erase all the other nationalities within the country . 
  the other just tries to be . 
  one nationalism is a predator , the other is the prey . 
  i guess you do n't know or do n't care that were not for nationalism poland , estonia , lithuania , latvia , romania , bulgary , portugal ( and many , many more ) and their respective languages , culture and traditions ( this is the most important part ) would not exist today . 
  catalan nationalism main goal is that we can survive as a people : our language , our culture . 
  spanish nationalism has nothing to do with this , you do n't need to fight for these things ; they are taken for granted . 
  spanish nationalism thrives in the process of watering down these other nationalities , eventually erasing them . 
  if you think the situation in catalonia ( extraordinary term for independence ) can be compared to that of spain ( normal term ) and that pp ( and all they 've done : gag law , educative law omce , labour law and many more , plus the fact that they 're the most corrupt party in europe ) to ciu ( yes , also corrupt , though their corruption does n't even amount for 10 \u2105 of pp 's . ), 
  then you are the one blinded by nationalism . 
  i.e , what has n't been able to happen , even with a mere simple majority . 
  rajoy will last the whole term . 
  except this is n't an ordinary coalition . 
  pp last term has arguably been the worst in the history of democracy . 
  an unprecedented outburst of corruption ( the most corrupt party in europe ) with unprecedented cuts on all kinds of public services . 
  an extraordinarily controversial labour reform which psoe vowed to abolish , a disgusting educative law which they also vowed to abolish , and a gag law which is an eerie reminiscence of francoist repression . 
  last term pp passed a lot of awful shit with their absolute majority which were opposed by all the opposition . 
  we are not outraged nor disappointed in psoe for letting the right govern - as you said , its normal in any parliamentary system - we are angry because they have handed this pp the government . 
  arguably the worst government we have ever had , considering all fields . 
  the opposition ca n't hold a confidence vote . 
  only the government can put itself through one . 
  thus , it wo n't happen in a million years . 
  of course they have enough support to last the 4 years . 
  ciudadanos are pp ' a little bitch . 
  pardon me , ciudadanos are pp . 
  then , in order to kick rajoy off the office , the parliament has to agree on an alternative candidate and support him with an absolute majority , which is way harder to accomplish than what they have n't been able to do : agree on an alternative to rajoy with _ simple majority _ . 
  he has a very solid point . 
  what 's the use in jerking each other off because of some numbers ? 
  what do does numbers mean ? 
  the situation to the average joe in spain has barely changed since 2009 and that 's what counts . 
  the government has been working to reduce the unemployment number at all costs , and that means lowering the bar of the working conditions by eg : allowing to make really short contracts or without a termination date , miserable salaries ... 
  uh , if you make it easy for the employers to provide miserable jobs , they will be able to employ 10 workers instead of 3 but they will be underpaid ( severely so ) and exploted . 
  but yayy !, 
  it 's not longer 20 % , now it 's 19 % ; all hail the percentage !, 
  edit : i think it would be okay to be extremely happy with these figures if , as i said , our government had n't just work to lower them whatever it takes , even if lowering the number becomes a bigger pain for the population . 
  we have become so obsessed with this percentage during the crisis that a lot of people is happy just to see it decrease , and the government knows that . 
  there is no evidence this murder was ordered by the republic . 
  nowhere in the article you linked it is said he was murdered by the republic . 
  sotelo was a victim of a murder by a socialist . 
  that 's it , no conspiracy by the evil republic . 
  hours ago , a socialist mp had been murdered by falangists or carlists , so the air was heated . 
  the muerder of sotelo was an answer to that murder . 
  i do n't know exactly what you are trying to prove . 
  it was not official , nor a death sentence , nor a murder commited by the government . 
  well it 's the former . 
  i jumped into conslusions because i clicked your article in spanish and it was called moci\u00f3n de censura . 
  afaik we do n't have this censure motion system in spain . 
  yep that 's how it is called . 
  censure motion would be the lousy attempt at a translation which does n't even exist . 
  ugh , no idea . 
  wish i could help .
