  you , and all the spanish press , are questioning what the leader of the party said . 
  just look up her formation . 
  it 's definitely not an impressive one when you talk about a candidate for presidency . 
  she has been in c 's for 3 years and have lived in catalonia for 5 years . 
  and no has 39 % support ... in an official referendum the yes and the no 's do not add up to 100 % as well . 
  csqep votes have to be counted as ns , / nc , or not counted at all . 
  you ca n't put them in any bag , that 's for sure . 
  at this point psoe do n't need to have psc around since you ca n't tell a different between the two . 
  yeah that interview . . after that hitler would have rather pulled off all his teeth than arrange another interview . 
  regarding to why franco stayed in power the answer is simple : slow reforms to give the feeling of democracy and rights plus the fact that the world economy was like a rocket during the 60 's . 
  all of europe was doing well and the quality of life of the spaniards increased . 
  people finally got to buy cars ( 600 ) and other things which not long ago were luxuries . 
  funnily enough , franco died during the oil crisis in 1975 and the following years were rather shitty . 
  hence , people started thinking that with franco everything was better . 
  little did they know that franco himself was not the reason spaniards had lived better in the 60 's . 
  the reason is what we call `` conyuntura internacional '' i dunno how it translates and i 'm on mobile . 
  what that means is that when everyone does well , you can put a chimp for president and you will do well anyway . 
  and tourism , by that time tourism started to provide a lot of money to the governemnt . 
  i think i may have gone a little off-topic . 
  what ? 
  ciudadanos has surely made a good campaign to look right , center or left wing to different people . 
  i have been asking via twitter some voters from csqep and a lot have answered that they 'd vote yes in an official referendum with complete guarantees but there was no eay they 'd vote jxsi with mas or the ` radicals ' from cup . 
  they probably do n't represent a majority but they surely are n't a minority . 
  the head of the party is stating all the time that their votes do n't have to be counted either way . 
  i 'm not depicting anything . 
  most people in spain when asked what their nationality are they , they answer spanish . 
  fact . 
  i have family from spain and have been to almost every comunidad aut\u00f3noma . 
  i , as opposed to what you have said several times , have n't called you idiots or anything of the sort . 
  spain is not at all the country you are trying to picture . 
   i do n't know , if you think pp is that part of castillian nationalism you refer , then why they use catalan in the speeches in catalonia and everything ? 
  why would they use catalan if they want it to disappear according to you ? 
  according to me ? 
  it is very well know already . 
  the only reason is votes . 
  we are very touchy with the language . 
  you ca n't be considered partit popular ** catal\u00e0 ** if you do n't speak any catalan . 
  besides , for you giving speeches ( they 're not even speeches , their catalan activity is declarations , interviews and * parts * of speeches . 
  they speak way more spanish than catalan ) is a better sign of support for the language than actively promoting having catalan as a merely folklorikal ( and unecessary in a professional environment ) thing , which is doomed to disappear . 
   if say in 15 years 70 % still ask for independence i think i would support it . 
  why do you think we want independence ? 
  what is the ultimate goal ? 
  `` oh well , now we are independent , cool '' . 
  independence is a mean , not an end . 
  we want independence to live better . 
  asking us to wait 15 years ( have you considered how long this is ? ), 
  to say our claim is legitimate is terrible . 
  the financial crisis has helped to the rise , but it was something doomed to happen . 
  independence support is incredibly high among young and educated people . 
  it is also extremely high among people born and raised in catalonia . 
  it is only low among old people and people who came from outisde of spain . 
  bear in mind that 30-50 years ago catalonia was the home of hundreds of thousand of migrants from spain which , under franco 's dictatorship , had an easy time settling without bothering to learn the language and `` integrate '' . 
  now these people are getting old and their sons are being raised differently . 
  time is on our side . 
  okay , cross spanish and put castillan instead . 
  i see what you mean . 
  you have the conception that spain is the sum of nationalities and peoples and so on ... which is the correct one . 
  now , this conception is not shared , at all , by the majority of the people . 
  nor by the constitution , nor by the different political parties . 
  the castillain culture has been imposed to all the extents of spain for such a long time that now when we say this is `` very spanish '' we do n't mean `` this is very mulicultural and multilingual '' . 
  spanish nationalism is a legitimate way to refer to this castillain nationalism that is expansive and imposive by nature . 
  `` spanish nationalism '' as the seek of a culturally and linguistically unitary spain has been used for a very long time ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nationalism ) i think you are being overtouchy about it . 
   and you 're using the concept that some castillian nationalists in madrid have about spain ( and they 're very minoritary ) to your own use , that you apply to everything that 's not catalan they 're very minoritary ??? 
  are you kidding ??? 
  what is pp ? 
  what is c 's ? 
  castillain nationallism is ruling the country and has been doing so for a long time . 
  before anyone says catalan is n't official in the eu because it 's not an official language in spain at a state-level , that is not excuse at all . 
  spain has publicly opposed catalan as an official language in the eu . 
  it 's not a legal impediment , it 's a political one . 
  with political will from the central government catalan could be spoken in the european parliament overnight . 
  are you taking the piss ? 
  what 's the use in pacting when the pact is useless ? 
  we need 3 units to form a trio , why will two of them agree on the terms of a partnership if the third one has said from the beginning they wo n't form a trio with your partner?this is mental . 
  you are basically saying : `` ciudadanos , the party that vetoed from the get-go podemos from any talks , did n't support a podemos-psoe pact because they did n't do one . 
  if they had , perhaps they would have '', 
  i am condescending ? 
  as far as i can remember every discussion i have with you ends with you telling me how dumb and irrational i am . 
  how i am deluded by nationalism and ca n't see through it to glimpse the truth . 
  it wo n't matter how many times i try to explain it to you . 
  if spanish nationalism could do as it pleases , there would n't be catalonia and only spanish would be spoken in spain . 
  if catalan nationalism could do as we please we would be a recognised and normal country . 
  one nationalism 's nature is to absorb , impose and substitute , the other one tries to survive . 
  now , you can reply to me with something that has nothing to do with this comment , just like you have done in the past 3 ones of the chain . 
  try to tell me in what sense are catalan and spanish nationalism the same and why my point on the nationalism 's natures is invalid . 
  are you reading yourself ? 
  ciudadanos , with half the representation from podemos can refuse to take a hit and give the government to psoe-podemos , but podemos ca n't refuse to do the same ? 
  because ciudadanos vetoed any participation from podemos in the hypothetical government . 
  why would they pact if they know this pact will be useless ? 
  erc nationalism , and all catalan nationalism , aims to consolidate catalonia as a recognised nation where we can protect our language and culture and do n't have to be constantly worrying and fighting for it . 
  it 's not a kill or be killed thing , this is not a war against anybody . 
  when we hear someone say `` viva espa\u00f1a '' to ` troll ' us , we do n't care !, 
  we say `` que viva ! '', 
  but let catalonia live as well . 
  i despise them too . 
  they are still miles behind in corruption and miles ahead in the actual policies . 
  this is just a fact . 
  more like : ciudadanos vetoed podemos form the start , so a podemos-psoe government would n't have the supports required . 
  in that case why would they pact for nothing ? 
  podemos waited for the c 's - psoe pact to decide , they saw the pact did n't even include the derogation of lomce nor the labour reform so they _ obviously _ said no .
