  the degrees of influence are incredibly different . 
  it is to be expected , though , you have 7 or 8 spanish channels and only 2 in catalan ( which lots of retards wo n't to shut down , btw ) , spanish media is much bigger than catalan and so it happens . 
  of course there are more deffenders of catalan against spanish influence than deffenders of spanish against english influence , since the latter is not even a real threat . 
  and i said it was ironic reffering to all those idiots that say spanish is in danger in catalonia because of school being in catalan . 
  i 'll never get this point . 
  to be able to vote in that constitution * you should be , at least , 56 now . 
  funnily enough , support for independence lowers the older people is according to some studies . 
  support for independence between 18-24 years old is at 60-70 % or something like that . 
  no , it 's absolutely terrible because it means catalan is becoming a direct dialect of spanish , with variations in the pronounciation , a couple of different words and whatnot . 
  if you stop using your words , your idioms and your gramatical constructions , your language becomes a dialect . 
  and i do n't know , haha , i find venir horrendous , here in catalonia most people i know say it right , how ironic . 
  congress presidency is a completely useless and irrelevant charge . 
  i despise pp and i 'm glad they agreed on voting for that shit charge to get theur own parliamentary group which is of vital importance . 
  was she able to vote in the autonomic elections last year ? 
  tottally agree . 
  however , the influence spanish has received from catalan is a bit different to that of catalan from spanish . 
  i think both languages have exchanged a very healthy set of influences that have enriched them , but in modern times we 're receiving a kind of influence that is by no means healthy . 
  we 're getting lazier and lazier and we 're starting to mimic and literally translate constructions in spanish that does n't exist in catalan . 
  same goes for a lot of vocabulary , we copy spanish words because we 're to lazy to use the catalan one . 
  it 's weird to explain , the closer example i can give is us spaniards using `` selfie '' or `` esto es muy * heavy * '' ( though `` heavy '' in english is not used like we do . ), 
  it was not an official vote . 
  it did n't matter . 
  i 'm not sure about lowering the vote age for official things , but when it comes to these kinds of consultations i find it harmless and interesting . 
  there wo n't be violence in catalonia . 
  not by us independenstists anyway . 
  except he 's totally lying . 
  but whatever , it 's my word against his . 
  a few weeks ago it was revealed that the ministry of the interior had conspirated to persecute independentists parties . 
  that is , the state persecuting political enemies . 
  it 's unacceptable in any democratic country yet it barely got attention in the spanish media . 
  the only serious secessionist movement in the eu , which no longer will be in the eu is scotland , which is under-going in a democratic and agreed way . 
  as the guy you answered said , i ca n't see the members of the eu shooting themselves in the food in order to please spain 's nationalistic demands ( it would be a nationalistic affair , after all , however you guys despise that term . 
  spain would be willing to veto what would be one of their most important economic parnters just to `` teach them a lesson '' . 
  a eu without catalonia would be a disaster for catalonia , but it would be catastrophic for spain as well , and it seems they are ready to take that shot , fucking their own economy and their own citizens to fuck us . ) . 
  also , there is no way france would veto either , most of their trade to the iberian peninsula goes through catalonia , it 'd be utterly stupid to relocate everything to make it pass through the basque country . 
  besides , i ca n't imagine all the italians , germans , and western-most countries willing to accept a much larger route to trade with spain to , as i said , fuck catalonia . 
  money speaks no language and belongs to no nation . 
  money goes to wherever there 's wealth . 
  we live in times where national governments are more and more dependent on the market 's wishes . 
  it is stupid to think all industry and all business will flee catalonia . 
  it would cost too much for them . 
  we have evidence that is not happening either . 
  amazon opened a major european headquarters in barcelona less than a few months ago , and i 'm sure they 're well aware of the situation . 
  i agree there 's confrontation between the catalan government and the spanish one , but i think there has to be . 
  otherwise , it means one of both sides is being surpressed and kept quiet , in order not to create such confrontation . 
  i think this confrontation has to happen , and it 's only bad ( kind of ) because it forces the central government which until now has n't had to deal with anything close to this to do something . 
  things are what they are ; we can choose to ignore the reality in order to avoid confrontation or we can face said confrontation to adress an incredibly major issue in catalan society . 
  to put it differently , if the central governement agreed on a referendum , there would n't be any confrontation . 
  is there confrontation in the uk with scotland ? 
  it 's not mutually intelligible . 
  a spaniard will be able to grasp some things in written catalan since it 's so close to spanish , we have lots of words that are written the same way and so forth . 
  however , spoken catalan has little to do with spanish , we have more vowels and 90 % of these words that are written the same are pronounced completely different . 
  i guess that thing of being able to understand most of x language when written applies to all romance languages , to be fair . 
  i do n't speak galician nor asturiano , but i understand most of it when written . 
  it is not ilegal to use spanish in your business . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  the only thing they require is that you have to be able to assist in catalan which is the most normal thing in the world . 
  we 're in catalonia and goddamn wo n't i stay quiet if i ca n't be attended in my own language . 
  catalan and spanish are remarkably similar when wrtitten . 
  however , as you said , spoken catalan may be more distant than spoken portuguese . 
  we have lots of words that are written literally the same as in spanish , but are pronounced vastly different . 
  one of the downsides , if it 's even a downside , of not having the language normalized and established as something more than the language to use at home until the xixth century , too much spanish influence by then . 
  i 'm trying to find the official document in spanish . 
  may i ask why is the catalan government dysfunctional ? 
  i imagine you say that because we did n't manage to agree on the budget , which is definitely a concern to account for , but when you compare it to the central government being on the verge of the third election , where the only option to avoid said election is that one of the main parties betrays a massive chunk of their voters carrying out something they explicitely said they would n't . 
  if all parties were to keep their promises ( i 'm not talking about minor points in their campaigns , i 'm talking about `` we will kick pp out of power '' `` we 'll not make rajoy president '' `` we wo n't support pp passively nor actively '' , which are major points ) , we 'd aim for maybe 7 or 8 elections . 
  i do n't know , the situation in spain is 10x shittier than in catalonia , and in catalonia we 're in an extraordinary scenario where we have a government that hoards all sorts of ideologies in the political spectrum to push for independence , some tension is to be expected . 
  you guys are already in a worse siuation trying to form a normal government . 
  these numbers have been updated today . 
  pro independence is at 48 % while anti-independence is at 42 % . 
  what is he supposed to say ? 
  fear-mongering to avoid something to happen is common practice . 
  once that thing happens most threats fade out . 
  if catalonia democratically decided to become independent the un should do nothing but accept it . 
  in number of corruption scandals pp wins by far . 
  in number of euros stolen psoe wins . 
  also , what the hell is doing the pujol thing there ? 
  it has n't even been prossecuted and that number has no grounds whatsoever lol, 
  english : https://translate.google.es/translate?sl=es&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ca&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fcadenaser.com%2fser%2f2016%2f06%2f21%2ftribunales%2f1466529277_753033.html%3fssm%3d14092012-ser-rs-1-tw&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  i would close all ave routes . 
  there are way too many routes that have like less than 100 passengers a week . 
  also , sabadell is n't even a commercial airport , they only train pilots there and do some other things , but it ca n't be labeled as the kind of airport barajas or el prat are . 
  yes , i 'd close all of the airports you listed . 
  why fly from vitoria when you can fly from bilbao ? 
  why fly cordoba when you can fly from , say , malaga ? 
  i 'd only leave there airports such as badajoz , maybe salamanca , which are needed due to their geographical location . 
  i do n't think the percentage of people going to uni can be used as an indicator of one country 's education . 
  not all countries have uni as an almost compulsory follow up in your studies . 
  it 's like the rent culture vs the buying culture when it comes to dwelling , it 's a cultural thing ; some countries have better alternatives to uni so people enroll there . 
  in spain what we call `` grados medios o superiores '' , the alternative to uni , are that thing you do if you a. 
  a. are a lazy fuck b. are n't very intelectually capable c. know very well what do you want to do in the future so you specialize in that from the begining . 
  the real interesting piece of data is : `` people who have a university degree , at least '' , because going to uni per se is pretty much default in most spanish families , even if they drop out after the first year . 
  besides , what matters most is the education from the ages of 3 to 16 years , after that age each country has a some different popular paths than others . 
  also , you do n't know anyone without secondary education because finish that is compulsory by law to every child if they plan on ever getting a job . 
  he 's a troll , do n't feed him . 
  he 's a troll , do n't feed him . 
  and the moon is actually made of swiss cheese, 
  i get why people complain about those other people that blame all their problems on the eu , but judging from these pulseofeurope demonstrations you 'd think we 'd still live in caves were n't for the eu . 
  equally pathetic in my opinion . 
  no wars since 1957 because of the eu ?
