  the timing was this on purpose ... 
  if they had announced when they make the decision ( i.e anounce it when you have to do it ) independentism would have smashed the election ... 
  not reforming a constitution that had to be written in order to please the far right and all the francoist who were granted immunity in exchange of allowing democracy ? 
  that constitution is shit , it should be reformed not only to cover the independentism thing but for a lot more important things . 
  i will not argue with xxth century laws . 
  they shall go ahead , in the end it 's just another log in the bonfire . 
  i bet mas is quite happy at home at the moment . 
  being independentist or not has nothing to do with this . 
  mas is facing prison for allowing people to express their opinion . 
  a lot of people went to vote no in that consultation as well . 
  i would be outraged if my democratically elected president was charged for this , regardless of my political views . 
  ugh , my bad . 
  i was n't sure and used google translator . 
  keep it going . 
  we need more fuel . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you are saying that the judicial power has to act completely independently from the other powers , yet you are in favour of hidding an accusation in order not to alter an election . 
  i 've never seen a bigger double standard in my life . 
  this decision should 've been announced the day it was decided , which is a long time ago . 
  and the word : victimism . 
  this word is becoming the new `` nationalism '' . 
  our democratically elected president has just been imputed for puting the urnes in the street . 
  how is that victimism , with all the negative whiny-like connotations , at all ? 
  what has just happened is what you 've described . 
  this imputation could and should have been announced way before . 
  they did n't because that would 've boosted the independentism , a lot . 
  yes !, 
  it is known that the constitutional tribunal , for example , is heavily politised . 
  no surprise here . 
  the difference between powers is n't as evident as you picture it . 
  i 'm so happy to hear that . 
  keep it going !, 
  we 'd have gotten a clean majority of votes then ... 
  i now agree with mrs. arrimadas and they should hold a new elections ... hehe, 
  has anyone blamed anyone ? 
  if there 's something to blame is the law , not the organism the applies it . 
  aww i see `` tardor '' is a catalan only thing . 
  now that i think about it that 's actually such a loving word to call autumn . 
  udc has stated this morning that they do n't want their votes to be included in any side as well . 
  there are such voters . 
  they want to get independence via official referendum , though , which in my opinion would be the most legitimate option and the better if i had lived under a rock the last 5 years . 
  a referendum with the spanish government we have at the moment is impossible . 
  https://twitter.com/lluisrabell/status/643471848450207744 it translates : you can be independentist and vote @catsiqueespot . 
  people like @indepesicv have presentet a manifesto of support for the canditature which i lead . 
  they got 18 seats in the 2010 election for example . 
  cup did n't even enter the parliament . 
  what ? 
  if you were to distribute the 9 % of votes from csqep between the two , 50-50 , the yes would get 52 % of the total votes . 
  i 'm pretty sure the no adds up to 39 % if you do n't count csqep as not , which you must . 
  if you exclude them , there 's a 55 % for yes and a 45 % for no . 
   even less that the popular party . 
  even less ? 
  do you realize that the party which barely had attention on tv , the party that in the last elections only got 3 seats , the radical party where independence and socialism are an utterly undebatable part of their ideology has almost surpassed in votes the party that 's currently ruling in spain with absolute majority . 
  i feel sorry for you guys and what i say may sound pretty cruel but ... 
  i hope pp gets a good result to finally sky rocket independentism to the point we can take severe decisions and go through it . 
  some argue that this independence process is eclipsing the real problems ( crisis , social justice , etc. ), 
  the thing is that if podemos and psoe got a good result ( unlikely , at least to get 2/3 seats ) the process to even negotiate a referendum , which is eally unlikely to happen , would stall even more ... 
  sorry do n't hate me pls :( ( i will vote for either a catalanist party or podemos in december , i was partially joking ), 
  i 'm biased because i 'm independentist , but i would n't put junqueras and iglesias at the same level as the rest . 
  they both know how to speak and deffend their views . 
  mas should be there too but corruption has hit his party way too hard and his popularity has dropped ( especially within spain ) . 
  cup will not support mas , that 's for sure . 
  my guesses : * romeva : he 's symbolized unity and neutrality among the parties that form jxsi . 
  i do n't like him too much because he looks really weak under pressure * oriol junqueras : leftist , independentist sicne forever , looks good but could get some opposition from the right wingers from convergencia . 
  i do n't think that would happen but that 's what i 've read some people say . 
  * any neutral candidate from jxsi , without political affiliations : yes , it sounds terrible but after all the president 's power in this case is the party . 
  putting a neutral personality with a good knowledge of law and politics would be good to gather all sympathization of the pro-independentists . 
  for example , a lot of csqep voters voted that because they are radically anti-cdc and anti-mas and believed cup was to radical . 
  i would cream my pants if antonio ba\u00f1os became the president , though . 
  at this point i think out of the 2 million people that have voted independence , a huge part of them is not willing to accept anything more than that . 
  in my opinion , the only way federalism gets enthusiasm from the today 's independentists is that the speech and message from madrid changes radically as of now , which is not happening , so more and more independenism . 
   also , you should check what the situation of basque language is in people that are under 30 is it high ? 
  please , tell me it 's high . 
  we ca n't afford to lose such language ... 
  that would mean the yes would get a clean +50 % of the votes . 
  internal polls within the party showed 50-50 . 
  but that does n't mean the same proportion can be translated to the voters . 
  i know people that voted that party being independentists , but if i had to quantificate the percentages i 'd say something like 25 % of the voters yes 75 % no . 
  however , we 'll never know that and we ca n't put them in either bag . 
  the path is pretty clear . 
  as soon as a president is elected , which wo n't be as hard as you may think , the negotiations will start and they will push for independence with the absolute majority . 
  it 's up to spain or the eu to speak up and change what they might do . 
  they ca n't no longer ignnore the problem ; they will have to face it or else 1 ) they will produce even more independentists 2 ) the catalan government will finally push for independence, 
   were only joined for a unilateral independence bid . 
  i thought someone like you , who always comments with big insight , would know that jxsi 's objective was not a udi . 
  the process , which they 'll start asap , must include talking with all parties ( no-voters , csqep-voters , spanish government and ultimately eu organisations ) , and negotiate a lot with everyone . 
  the udi will always remain the last card of the deck and will always have an extremely important condition attached , which is the  50 % of explicit yes support . 
  you have to be able to see the difference between making a unilateral declaration of independence and keeping pushing with the absolute majority of the parliament . 
  cup will colaborate well with jxsi , i guarantee that . 
  cup has n't said the process is dead , cup has simply stated that udi is not an option because we do n't have a clear 50 %  of the yes votes . 
  i mean , they tweeted this yesterday ... https://twitter.com/antoniobanos_/status/648197213164859393, 
  ciudadanos is n't anti-nationalist . 
  they are n't catalan nationalists , they are spanish nationalists . 
  their nation is spain . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  they use a lot of political correctness to hide that they are as nationalistic as the catalan separatists . 
  both nationalisms are n't bad , imo . 
  we should see what would c 's do to the catalan language if they ever got absolute majority , if they did something against it , then their nationalism should not be tolerated . 
  is everyone that speaks 3 languages and have worked in different jobs just like a lot of people a `` very good candidate '' . 
  good to know i 'm halfway there , i only need to find a couple of jobs with my law + politics degree and i 'll be set ...
