  such a nazi-like point of view . 
  i do believe everyone who lives in catalonia officialy should get to vote . 
  it 's something that affects them and they should have the right to decide on the land they 're living in even if they do n't feel any catalan at all ( if you only allowed to vote people with catalan offspring you would get a guaranteed win for independence , but that 's not how things work . 
  it 's undemocratic . ) . 
  on a side note , i always laugh out loud when i read that all of spain should decide whether catalonia goes or not . 
  that 'd be the most hilarious/sad part of the catalan independence `` debate '' . 
  we do not talk about that part of the story here , hush !, 
  this fine shitpost of mine was a joke , in case you did n't notice . 
  if you want to get another one of these completely pointless wars between law deffenders and democracy deffenders you 'll get it , but tomorrow since i 'm so tired and i 'm heading to bed . 
  tomorrow we 'll both speak out our arguments and at the end of the day everything will be at the same point it started . 
  and by the way , i ca n't recall what percentage of the people that got to vote in that 1978 referendum are still * alive * . 
  it was quite small to make such set of rules and laws the `` holy bible '' of our lifetime , but i will stop here , for now . 
  ugh , no idea to be honest . 
  i used it for the lack of a better word since english is n't my first language and my vocabulary is quite limitated . 
  it 's from the dank meme of the rapper black guy and , to be fair , i 've only seen it being used in that scenario . 
  since posting how your country votes is becoming a trend i found it funny and worth the shitpost to make fun of our current situation regarding the illegal independence referendum . 
  renfe is a joke . 
  they should get their shit together and start managing it with the seriousness it demands . 
  that 20 $ bill looks too green ... also , i did n't know we had 1 $ bills . 
  [ i love these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqa_eyp5cd0 ), 
  what if they have hardline ? 
  oh yes , the last time for these guys ? 
  surely . 
  however , i 'm afraid that this kind of conduct will go on in the police . 
  how sad . 
  ~ ~ nice ~ ~ dank meme by the way !, 
  nor the last, 
  what a poor mindset . 
  my father for instance is from cadiz , we speak in spanish , he has family in andalusia and he feels as much spanish as catalan . 
  he would vote for independence without even thinking it . 
  that 's just one case , i bet that among the other andalusian , extreme\u00f1an , murcian immigrants that came to catalonia years ago the feeling is n't quite that , but there 's this . 
  i have to agree with most of what you say and it is possible that c 's gets a really good result in the elections . 
  however , it feels to me walking on the street and watching the tv that the independentists parties ( ciu , erc , etc. . ) are not making a big deal out of these elections when they should be doing so . 
  it just feels to me like they are n't giving it the importance than it has while c 's are going all in on this . 
  i ca n't help but wonder why 's that . 
  i would n't have to start if he just did n't spread such bullshit . 
  and they 'd be squatting . 
  hell , even putin 's sculpture would be squatting . 
   the union of spain itself . 
  here we go again ... 
  do not ruin the circlejerk, 
  never heard of this newspapers but you only have to read through the headlines to see to whom their favour . 
  to start with , i have n't managed to find such news in any other website , all my results have been those alleged 12.9 millions that trias hid in switzarland back in october ( just before the 9-n , what a surprise ! ), 
  which turned out to be a complete invention from `` el mundo '' , i believe ; one could argue this could be another case of such not unusual inventions . 
  then you take a look at the right side of the site to see 4 more headlines : * trias se quita la careta y apoya un acto para llevar al mundo la independencia de catalu\u00f1a * trias `` unmasks '' himself and supports an act to show the world the independence of catalonia ( this translations may not be 100 % accurate ) * * el pp catal\u00e1n quiere imitar a aguirre en barcelona : propone bajar un 20 % el ibi * the catalan pp wants to imitate aguirre in barcelona : they suggest lowering the ibi by a 20 % * * trias justifica un sobrecoste de 4 m. en hacer `` m\u00e1s bonita '' la avenida diagonal de barcelona * trias justifies a `` sobrecoste '' of 4m to make the diagonal avenue prettier * * `` crist\u00f3bal col\u00f3n y el kamasutra son catalanes '' : nueva ocurrencia que trias financia con 10.000 $ * `` columbus and the kamasutra are catalan '' : new idea that trias funds with 10,000 $ * conclusion : pp = good ciu , trias , and `` catalan nationalism '' = bad and dumb . 
  i 'm not going to blame you , though . 
  if you read this kind of crap every day it is quite normal that you think as you do . 
  the answer is pizza, 
  in that case i will be the prime minister of presidency . 
  yeah , that sounds cool, 
  can i be the president ? 
  i 'm sorry i 'm such an evil bad person . 
  my point is that you ca n't talk about economic recovery while 1/4 of the population ( and 1/2 among the youth ) are unemployed . 
  and it 's still above 23 %, 
  what the hell was he thinking ? 
  this ai n't a james bond movie , not with that shitty car anyway, 
   i explained why . 
  no , your complain was on russia 's attitude and behaviour nowadays regarding these subjects . 
  then again , you are mixing the celebration and the military parade itself with all the statements and declarations that russa 's given in the pasts months . 
   except for them trying to draw allusions between ukraine and nazi germany , and thereby drawing the `` righteousness '' of wwii into their current conflict , yes . 
  i tried to watch the parade with the subtitles and the fragments of speeches i listened to did n't quite mention all of this . 
  if that 's the case i must 've skipped that part . 
  definitely good news , but until the unemployment rate starts going down i will keep my skepticism towards this alleged economic recovering . 
  let 's see if the inversions keep coming . 
   countries that want us there . 
  sure now everbody is pleased and grateful for your pressence but i 'd say most of the bases set were part of an agreement between the european countries in exchange of the marshall plan ( or at least that 's what happened in a similar note in spain with the 1953 pact between the usa and spain where the usa gave them a good amount of money in exchange of 4 military bases ) . 
   yup . 
  because russia 's victory is tainted by their behavior after the fact . 
  which is exactly what the discussion was not about . 
  the guy said `` please let us decide how to celebrate things '' . 
  he talked nothing about behaviour or attitude , only the celebration . 
  and then you came pointing out facts that are already known by everyone which have nothing to do with how they celebrete it ( they do it like everybody else ) . 
  i only referred to the celebration itself which is something that a lot of people fail to notice . 
  i said nothing about russia 's current attitud and such . 
  the celebration was just like every else 's celebration of wwii . 
  sorry for englando , i 'm in a rush . 
  it 's actually quite interesting to see this from an american considering you put hands on almost every corner of the world after wwii , be that with a military intervention or with political influences . 
  we can add to this the really extensive list of military bases you have set in europe and the world . 
  sure , they are hardly comparable but it 's sort of funny nonetheless . 
  and regarding this  i do n't see any complaints when every other victorous nation celebrates their victory in the wwii . 
  i do n't know why you commented why you did , i repeat myself , everyone does military parades and wwii commemorations but when it comes to russia everybody loses their mind . 
  totally agree , that 's why i unflaired a while ago . 
  i have to admit that it is way better this way . 
  i do n't see any complaints when every other victorous nation celebrates their victory in the wwii . 
  catalan : family , school , street spanish : family , school , street french ( i can understand it but barely speak it properly ) : school english ( decent level ) : school , tv shows , films , books, 
  would n't be the first politician or personality to do so . 
  very relevant video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jindzlhmby0, 
  that 's the correct answer . 
  catalan * is * official in catalonia , basque * is * official in the basque country and galician * is * official in galiza , but none of these are official in the totality of the country . 
  something should change . 
  or the eu reconsiders their linguistics policy or spain makes something to grant them official status ( which wo n't happen , they actually try to veto them in some way ), 
  ahem , since catalan , basque and galician have their respective languges already being official in their country and have a linguistic community of speakers within the eu , you ca n't compare them with the status of turkish in europe or the eu member states for that matter . 
  i ca n't follow your logic . 
  what 's the difference between irish and catalan besides catalan not being official in the entire country of spain ? 
  exactly , there 's no difference , and that 's the key of the matter . 
  is turkish even an official language within any country in the eu ? 
  following your logic every language in the world should be official in the eu since they may be someone that speaks it . 
  basically because turkey is n't part of the eu . 
  so better distortion facts and history over an apology ? 
  if i were to expect and apology from the fascists in spain and have them prosecuted i would probably rot before it happened .
