  that 's what i 've always said lol . 
  in a straight yes/no referendum the no would probably win . 
  however , when counting seats in these kind of elections the yes wins . 
  either way , spain has only left us this way to consultate the people , so this is how things have gone . 
  indeed . 
  this is just a / r/europe thing where people fantasize with geopolitics and the idea of wars starting and so on which matches the mentality of the teenager or young adult who 's spent too much time playing call of duty which is an important chunk of the demographic of this subreddit . 
  as you said , the idea of starting a civil war over this belongs to the early 1900 's at the very least . 
  only madrid 's reaction can be 100 % expectable . 
  i would n't be so confident in the eu 's and the un 's reaction to be negative for sure . 
  of course the eu will call for the union until the last second but once we got independence i think things would change . 
  for instance greece should 've left the euro by now since the no won by an overwhelming majority . 
  however , the eu sat down and negotiated . 
  i do n't think the eu would be okay with kicking 7 million people from the union , leaving a fairly rich region and creating a vacuum in the schengen area which completely fucks up the trade between the iberian peninsula and europe ( by `` road '' and by train ), 
  economy is 1 of the dozens of reasons some people want to leave spain . 
  what the hell , those polls show a huge absolute majority ... 
  wait , what , really ? 
  now i 'm excited lol, 
  a wild troll appeared !, 
  what the fuck haha if you think galician is a variant of portuguese then okay . 
  i 'm sure you know more than me so i 'll believe you . 
  galician is a very close language to portuguese , but a langage on it 's own nevertheless . 
  yes . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  i agree with you on that one . 
  yes , sorta . 
  we did it in that referendum on the 9th of november of the last year . 
  exactly the kind of answer i was looking for , thank you . 
  iirc there was a majority of no in catalonia on the nato referendum held in 1985 in spain . 
  i think we were the only region not to vote in favour . 
  surely not . 
  spain wo n't organize one . 
  true that . 
  anyway , we are not fooling anyone , there are more portuguese speakers than catalan , both native or not . 
  your first mistake was taking this clown seriously . 
  haha nope , valencian is another way to call catalan , they do this just to piss off . 
  most linguistics agree valencian is just a dialect of catalan . 
  at the moment nobody wants to bring in valencia , the balearic islands , andorra , etc. . . basically because the nationalisms there are different ( i.e not catalan ) and they would n't join ( most of them ) . 
  however i 'm 100 % sure the catalan population would be in favour of them joining if they wished . 
  whatever , i 'm pretty sure you got what i meant . 
  no need for such pedantry . 
  anyway , i believe there is a good amount of people that follow such double standard so i stand by my statement . 
  you are ignorantly missing andorran , valencian , balearic , french , aragonese and alguerese speakers , which make up for the missing 4 million . 
  very insightful and thought-provoking !, 
  funny thing is that i believe the independentist vote would lose in a yes/no question , lol . 
  i think we independentists have more chances through parliamentary majorities . 
  that 's weird , what happened to the industrial wales of the xixth century ? 
  i thought cardiff was a somewhat important city still . 
  whatever, 
   or that somehow seperating from a nation is n't the same as federalizing ? 
  of course it 's not , what i 'm saying is that people always argue that they do n't want their country , their people and their institutions to lose power over the eu institutions yet when we catalans want to get the power all of you already have there are always the same comments arguing for a `` more united europe '' and so on ... 
  if you want to believe there is a separatist movement in cantabria or casille ( lol ) , do it ... 
  yes , indeed . 
  though there are way more portuguese native speakers than catalan native speakers . 
  that list is stupid as fuck, 
  is wales that poor ? 
  are n't we talking about the amount of people that speaks a language ? 
  anyway , if you only count portugal then yes , there are possibly more catalan speakers than portuguese . 
  i ca n't think of any poor region that also has a historical and cultural reason though . 
  he forgot brazil lol, 
  it 's really , really funny guys . 
  when it comes to europe federalisation everyone is all in for keeping national sovereignty and muh pride and muh power , muh laws etc. 
  when it comes to catalonia everything is `` why are these people trying to divide ? '', 
  `` why are these people trying to create frontiers '' `` why are these people in the xxith century still living from nationalism and national pride '' . 
  / r/europe , get some coherence . 
  edit : i expected the downvotes , but i foolishly also expected some explanations . 
  i will save this comment and i 'll bring it up every single time there 's a thread on an hypothetical federal europe . 
  pretty much this . 
  we have from little to no international projection with the current status quo . 
  our businesses , industry and such are deliverately shadowed by the government , which puts no effort in making , for instance , barcelona the city it should be . 
  the barcelona airport is pathetically reduced to some kind of third category airport or something ; you only need 2 hands to count the number of intercontinental flights while airports that have way less traffic get a lot more intercontinental flights . 
  then you have the train issue . 
  you ca n't go from barcelona to valencia on the high speed train but instead you can travel to some forgotten town in the middle of nowhere in the center . 
  during his history spain has been shooting itself in the food , not ackowledging that since forever the profitable regions have been in the coast . 
  in the center of spain only madrid could be considered sustainable . 
  anyway , the thing is that people will keep thinking that flamenco is an ancient catalan tradition , that we love bulls and that catalan simply does n't exist ( yes , the amount of people that are n't aware of the existence of catalan is depressingly high , but i do n't blame them since , as i said , we have no international pressence ) . 
  this thread will be a bloodbath ... btw , here 's my opinion . 
  i 'm 100 % for it , as long as there is a pro-independentist majority in the parliament . 
  i want the catalan people to decide their will , and i will accept any possible outcome of this democratical demonstration . 
  after seeing what has happened with greece and the referendum , it 's not that likely . 
  it would be much more of a mess and a loss for the eu to kick catalonia than to keep it . 
  both sides would win . 
  my god , think of the porn, 
   sometimes, 
  thank you and / u/podsvjestantrgovac for the fast replies !, 
  why 's the fleur-de-lis there ? 
  what 's its meaning in this context ? 
  i do n't understand the colour groups . 
  wine ? 
  irrelevants unite !!, 
  damn it feels good to provide nothing to humanity . 
  brace yourselves , thousands of `` fucking basques '' `` we should put a bomb in that square '' `` you are spanish , basques sons of bitches '' tweets are coming !, 
  nah , in barcelona we get snow once every 3-5 years , only 1 day , and a shit amount . 
  it 's a rare event, 
  i ca n't be the only one that read `` vladimir putin '' in russia 's at a first glance . 
  greece was fucked beyond repair even before the populists got into office , blaming it all on them is stupid . 
  this europe with people like you is definitely not the one i want either . 
  hey , noob question : should n't the isle of man be coloured as well ? 
  either that or people in this country is way too thick . 
  he will not get an absolute majority , that 's for sure . 
  however , people believe they will be completely overthrown , which i personally doubt .
