  i 'd share their view if i had n't witnessed these past 5 years where we have been asking for that with a permanent `` no '' . 
  they will be a minority among the csqep voters , but it 's a shame . 
  what ? 
  all i know is from high school and university classes . 
  i 've never spent a second researching spanish history on the internet . 
  just show me the correct non-ignorant sources . 
  enlighten me . 
  yes ... no offense intended , but bringing the former french president to a foreign miting of some regional election is beyond pathetic , they are really scared . 
  uuh , i 'm still studing these kind of things ... would you mind giving me some sources or some `` real '' history books so i ca n't stop being an indoctrinated ignorant ? 
  one of your kind ? 
  that sounds as if we were aliens or something . 
  there are n't really many other interpretations to be honest, 
  it 's always the same haha discussion between catalans and spaniards , nothing new . 
  sigh , if the current system works , and no one is against it , when the central governm tries to change it against our will is n't that kind of opression ? 
  or when a police man in valencia , mallorca , or even catalonia forces you to speak in spanish even though they should assist you in catalan if you want ? 
  i would also appreciate foreigners who `` have no solution '' to non existent problems to leave such subjects to be discussed within our people . 
  ( i 'm sorry if i missed some country ), 
  what 's your `` solution '' change the law ? 
  make spanish the first language to give lectures ? 
  no , sir . 
  nobody complains regarding the current system and people get to learn 2 languages . 
  looking at the law it may look as though it 's against the will and the behalf of the majority of the population , but the truth is n't quite that . 
  every year in the parliamentary election the catalanist parties which deffend such educational system always get 60-70 % of the seats . 
  that 's what the people want . 
  and , to conclude , why does it bother you ? 
  but these days it 's super impossible and super ilegal to secede from another country !!!!!!!!, 
   ordinary people do n't hate you as much as they think they do , if at all what is this even supposed to mean . 
   sorry if i offended you ? 
  do not worry !, 
  there 's literally nothing you can say that may offend me . 
  it 's not the words that hurt , it 's the person that speaks them , and you are a joke . 
  spin the facts is stating that the majority of the population speaks spanish . 
  that 's incorrect because the totallity of the population speaks both languages , or at least have the ability to do so . 
  there 's not a slim chance of misinsterpretation when you literally speak as if we were different species , dickhead . 
  here it is , i said it . 
  edit : if you complain about the insult , i will call you victimist . 
  be advised . 
  i thought that needed its comment on its own . 
  regarding what you said . 
  examples ? 
  well , before spain became spain in catalonia , and what we call the pa\u00efsos catalans ( do not get salty ) everybody spoke in catalan and no one knew spanish . 
  in fact this was the case until relatively very recently ( 150 years perhaps ? ), 
  where the population still spoke in catalan but some of them also knew spanish . 
  nowadays not everyone speaks catalan as their first language , a lot of people uses spanish . 
  how has this happened ? 
  well , the same way people in hispania eneded up speaking latin . 
  this , plus the several times catalan has been forbidden by both france and spain . 
   one of your kind, 
  giving class with the language that 's been used in the past milleania is an act of protection from the government ? 
  that 's just the normal thing to do . 
  what the central government is actually trying to do is to change this ... 
  as a matter of fact nation states are the most modern kind of state humanity has witnessed since the roman and greek polis . 
  what 's archaich are empires and countries that invade other regions and implant their culture , eventually eliminating the original . 
  that 's what the roman empire did , and that 's archaich . 
  i know , that does n't mean i ca n't find it stupid and not representative , especially for such a plurinational country like spain . 
  i 'm pretty sure especially you have called us more than once something along the lines `` we are manipulated by mas '' and the likes haha but whatever . 
  you should n't be so sensitive for this things anyway . 
  lectures are given in catalan ( theoretically ) and everyone except a really tiny percentage is for it ( tiny , as in < 5 % ? ) . 
  it results in having children completely competent in both catalan and spanish . 
  there 's a lot of children that if it were n't for the schools they would n't know how to write in catalan , and they 'd speak it poorly . 
  advocating against a system that works well ( grades in spanish are , if not above , within the average in spain ) , which provides the children with 2 languages instead of one ( speaking for those that exclusively use spanish in their casual lives ) is pathetic . 
  and that 's only how things should happen . 
  as a matter of fact some teachers feel comfortable giving classes in spanish , and nothing happens . 
  i went to a school were all the children spoke to one another in catalan , then came that teacher that gave a class in spanish . 
  it was somewhat of a shock , since we 'd never been given a math class in spanish , it felt weird but no one showed the slighter sign of discomfort . 
  if a child had a question , they asked it in catalan , the teacher answered in spanish . 
  that 's how things work . 
  i understand that from the outside it may look strange but the truth is that everything works with utter normality . 
  also , in my degree at the moment i only have 1 teacher out of 6 that gives lctures in catalan , yet all of them know the language . 
  it 's a matter of comfortability and we are used to it and respect everybody regardless of what they speak . 
  i do n't know because he is not called that . 
   which is currently discriminated de jure if not de facto . 
  it 's not . 
  this site always gives me micro heart attacks because i sometimes think that these kind of comments represent a normal part of our ( as in catalan/spanish ) society . 
  then i remember that it 's reddit after all and i calm down . 
  by the way , the spanish speaking majority have no trouble with anything ; if they had , there 'd be complaints here and there ... 
  are you on drugs, 
  i read article 2 . 
  you could 've told me it was part of el fuero de los espa\u00f1oles and i would n't have denied it . 
   many people will vote independence ... and many people will not . 
  indeed , the thing is that * you * brought up this subject . 
  it 's you who has mentioned how some people ( me , for instance ) feel spanish one way or another , or how people speaks in spanish more often than in catalan ( perhaps my case as well ) . 
  which is completely irrelevant . 
  you all call us nationalistic brainwashed people yet you believe nationalism is the only reason some people may want to start a new country from scratch and build it as they want . 
   supposing that catalonia was actually a nation different from spain - which is quite arguably - it 's not arguable at all . 
  spain and catalonia are different nations . 
  that 's a fact . 
  you , and the less than 30 families that complain about this issue every year , can keep believing that the education system in catalonia is bad . 
  meanwhile , every 7 year old catalan student will always know one more language than the spanish president . 
  lol you really know nothing if you believe i represent a minority . 
  i feel spanish in some degree , i speak to my father in spanish , i have family in cadis . 
  tomorrow i 'll vote independence and so will my father . 
  wanting independence has little to do with what you consider your nation and your language, 
  what happened with scotland and the uk ? 
   key point may be spanish general election in december . 
  not at all , whatever the outcome on december one thing is clear : constitution probably wo n't be reformed in any way but , if a reform is to happen , i guarantee you it wo n't tackle the independence problem in any way . 
  things will keep this way no matter what , sadly . 
  i 'm actually one of those that despite wanting independence so much i admit that if spain gave in to very few of the catalan demands this problem would not exist ( i mean , i would still be independentist , but a lot of the population would not anymore , which i understand ) . 
  obama , merkel and cameron have spoken about this election during the campaign ( obviously against independence ) . 
  hell , i even saw that pp brought sarkozy to their campaign closure ( lol ) .
