  if you want to credit an organisation for tieing most of western europe countries ' hands against waging war on one another , that would be nato . 
  regardless , i find it sad that we have to credit an institution instead of common sense and respect for each other . 
  what i get from this is that we want to nuke the fuck out of each other , but we do n't because our saviour the eu prevents us from doing it . 
   people who suffered attacks and witnessed them are humiliated every time we try to downplay what islamic terorism has done to europe are they really humiliated every time we try to objectively gauge the reach of terrorism in the last decade ? 
  the objective reality is that europe has never been safer . 
  i do n't understand why acknowledging that must trigger humiliation . 
  oh well , i guess the thing to do is avoid going on the streets , since apparently we live in such a shit continent . 
  oh , how i wish i lived in guatemala . 
  funnily enough , panicking and overreacting like this could be considered , following your logic , as a humiliating downplay of what the victimes and relatives had to go through the wave of terrorism that came about some decades ago , where we had terrorists attacks by the week , with death tallies much higher . 
  people will use anything , despite the unappropiate moment , to shit on sweden 's immigration policy . 
  germany and italy also suffered from terrorist attacks . 
  many of the terrorist attacks happened in the uk and spain , but it was n't limited to those regions at all . 
  indeed . 
  besides , all those comments `` it has finally happened '' were aimed at sweden 's refugee policy . 
  the only actual terrorist attack he linked happened way before the war in syria even broke out . 
  how many people do you think die from terrorism in europe per year ? 
  if you adjust it per capita , the 200 ~ tragic deaths from the 14n in paris barely trigger any outliar . 
  how many death 's we 've got in europe from terrorist attacks last year ? 
  maybe 400 ? 
  730m people in europe vs 23m in australia . 
  the numbers incrfedibly low in this regard . 
  europe has never been safer and that includes terrorism-wise ( go check any charts . 
  if this scares you off , 30 years ago you 'd thought we live in the middle east ) at the end of the day it is your choice . 
  i just want to tell you that a decision of this caliber should n't be based entirely on emotions , especially when facts do n't support those emotions at all . 
  as of now scandinavians have a much important duty keeping an eye on white christian fanatics than muslim ones , according to the terrorist attacks they 've suffered and the shit logic some get a hold of here . 
  not really . 
  he is considering not moving to europe for safety reasons , yet he 'd still be safer in europe despite the terrorists attacks . 
  of course they will light up . 
  if you are rethinking moving to europe because of this , then you are severely overreacting . 
  there is a higher chance you get murdered in australia from an `` ordinary '' homicide than getting killed in a terrorist attack in europe . 
  are you serious ? 
  are you trying to compare petit trol with racista cabr\u00f3n ? 
  fact : you have the right to be serviced in your own language which happens to have official status . 
  fact : you just accused us of attempting to denigrate every other language while shamelessly stating catalan is reduntant because people also know spanish . 
  costumer 's language preference should always be above the owner 's . 
  if you , as an owner , refuse to cater to a huge portion of your potential costumers by not speaking their language , the so-called `` boycott '' is warranted and deserved . 
  capitalism , after all . 
  costumers make a free choice . 
  with this app you know where you are going to be able to be serviced in your language and where you 're not . 
  that 's it . 
  comparisons with nazi germany are particularly moronic since this app does n't attempt to discriminate , but rather record where you are going to be discriminated , should you adress the place in catalan . 
  there is no cultural bigotry whatsoever . 
  cultural bigotry is being a shop-assistant or a waiter and service your costumers in spanish despite being adressed in catalan . 
  both languages are co-official in catalonia . 
  any citizen has the right to be serviced and adressed in the language they wish . 
  what ? 
  i 'm blatantly defending the right of the gibraltarians to be whatever they want to be , while you seem to be defending an intervention by spain , lol . 
  semantics . 
  gibraltar 's foreign relations and defense are ruled by london , they consider themselves britons . 
  does it even matter , though ? 
  it is not part of spain full stop . 
  gibraltar will remain british for as long as the gibraltans want . 
  if spain dares breaking that will the uk should respond . 
  but gibraltar 's case is n't complicated at all ? 
  britan wants to keep sovereignty over it and so does gibraltar . 
  the rest of the world is ok with it as well ( you can argue they 're unhappy with the tax haven thing and the smuggling ) . 
  the only part in the picture that is unhappy over nationalistic claims from over 300 years ago is spain , which have continuously showed they do n't really respect uk 's sovereignty nor the will of the gibraltan people . 
  then i do n't see where were you getting at . 
  by your logic gibraltar is n't more colony than northern ireland is . 
  and it 's not bragging , it 's just respecting the overwhelming wish of the gibraltan people , who have voted multiple times to not be spanish . 
  i do n't even know what i have to look in there , but i already got the message . 
  you said gibraltar breaks spanish territorial integrity , which is as stupid as saying andorra breaks france 's or spain 's territorial integrity . 
  gibraltar , like andorra , is n't part of spain full stop , therefore it does n't break shit since it 's just part of another country , just like the people living there wish . 
   i mean it 's still a colony ... simply the natives have been ride out from gibraltar . 
  so the azores are a colony as well ? 
  hell , granada is a colony still because , despite the fact that everyone there feels spanish and the region is effectively spanish soil , there were natives that have now gone . 
  in fact , all of spain except the northernmost parts is a colony because we once kicked the moors out . 
   gibraltar is uk territory because a treaty said so , nothing more . 
  what else do you need ? 
  besides that argument that they must feel part of the country which is already fulfilled ? 
  is this santi abascal ? 
  how funny how we obey or dismiss the constitution as we find convenient . 
  santi ? 
  of course is actually making him look better . 
  by your quoting you highlighted his desire to `` destroy you like they did with argentina '' , while ignoring the major condition which is `` they can try and take it '' . 
  and of course it is pathetic , look :  the whole sentence is actually making him look better . 
  ta-da !, 
  you 're aware that gibraltans have repeatedly overwhelmingly voted to remain in the uk , right ? 
  i 'm not defending a colony whatsoever . 
  lol is n't the whole point of quoting selectively to make his comment look ridiculous ? 
  you cherry-pick the info you want while conveniently forgetting the context . 
  your `` selective quoting '' is particularly pathetic since you even split a sentence for the sake of whatever you 're trying to achieve . 
  the whole sentence is  they are welcome to try and take it anytime we will destroy them like we did to argentina what should they do ? 
  of course they would answer violently should the obsessed spanish government set foot on the rock . 
  of course i do n't mind !, 
  and pretty amazing that you learned catalan on your own : , 
  google translation : https://translate.google.es/translate?sl=ca&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ca&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ccma.cat%2f324%2fun-conductor-sestavella-amb-una-taxa-dalcohol-record-multiplica-per-10-la-permesa%2fnoticia%2f2780518%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  yes , 5 in the afternoon . 
  and yes , catalan . 
  i will post a lousy google translation which will probably do the work, 
  we have no way of telling whether he hand-gestured whilst typing the message or not . 
  hold on to your italian goodies for now !, 
  they added it because it is castille 's colour . 
  that 's why real madrid have a pruple stripe in their badge . 
  nationalism does n't mean that . 
  most dictionaries have , if anything , added that connotation after wwii for obvious reasons . 
  but nationalism in its origins is just the feeling of belonging . 
  being identified with a place , its traditions , its culture , the language ... 
  we do n't want to be fed with some crumbs . 
  we want the entire piece of bread , that 's it .
