  we hold the referendum to precisely know the figure . 
  it 's only fair considering how drastically the situation has changed . 
  things post-brexit should begin to improve very quickly for a scot to not vote leave . 
  if there is half the economic turmoil that is expected , i ca n't see a no to independence winning . 
  you have to account for the scots that want to be in the eu and were convinced that remaining in the union was the only way to accomplish so , but now consider independence as the only means plausible at the moment , and the scots that were unsure in the 1st referendum and were convinced by the promises from westminster regarding the yielding of more autonomy toward the scottish gvmnt , which as far as i know have n't quite come to life . 
  it is hard to believe that a scot that voted yes would now vote no , unless he 's gone insane , whereas there 's lots of people that , should they be coherent with their principles while overlooking theirnationalist beliefs , would vote yes . 
  welp autumn 2018 should be enough time to see how brexit goes . 
  best of luck to them anyway . 
  i loved that in the original eurovision epic sax song , the dude does n't even attemp to hit notes - he just grabs the sax and swings it around while sucking the mouthpiece . 
  in this video he sometimes moves the fingers , though . 
  progress !, 
  very well said . 
  i ca n't agree more with all your comments here and i would n't be able to express the same as eloquently as you . 
  you can be whatever the fuck you want to be . 
  that bus ' sole purpose is the brainwashing of children . 
  it does n't aim for any other demographic , only children . 
  this is incredibly dangerous since childhood is the stage of one 's life when principles and values root the deepest . 
  it 's not like only middle-aged people who already have a fair sense of judgement can notice the bus . 
  the bus is targeted at children who ca n't defend themselves against these messages . 
  imagine a bus with the banner `` black people are much more inferior than you . 
  treat them like animals . 
  '' , you will have a good deal of incredibly racist people who wo n't be able to correct their attitude * even * if they try years later upon realising how wrong they were . 
  this reminded me of a thread where someone asked people why they were homophobic . 
  everyone that answered related their dislike towards gay people to how they were brought up . 
  most of them , i must add , knew they had wrong values and wished it were different , but they could not help it . 
  they said they respected their rights and so on , but still could n't avoid feeling a slight sensation of disgust when a gay couple showed affection in public . 
  that 's how deep these ideas dig into your being when you are young . 
  even if you counterbalance it with rationality once you 've matured , there will still be remainings of that idea . 
  this bus is evil and i would n't mind donating it to france for their traditional bonfires . 
  who the hell denies catalonia is a part of spain?doesn ' t the whole point of wanting independence presume the belonging of catalonia in spain in the first place ? 
  and what does catalonia have to do with you saying elbrus is not in europe and making a fool of yourself by taking pride in your deliberate ignorance ? 
  2/10 the trolling needs some work . 
  you can do whatever you want . 
  for all i care you can say europe starts in perpignan and ends in lille . 
  it is your choice to consciously go against the academic concensus . 
  how do you say redneck in french ? 
  except for the fact that when you google mount elbrus , every link you find says it is the highest peak in europe . 
  elbrus is edit : west * off the urals , in russia/georgia . 
  it is widely accepted that europe reaches up until the urals . 
  there should n't be a debate really - in fact i 'm surprised to find it here . 
  i 'm being a dick ? 
  us catalans here only gave you feedback in a polite way , with arguments and reasoning . 
  you 're giving very poor reasons as to why catalan has been left out . 
  it is the official language of a country , it has more speakers that half the languages listed and i am still unsure what are the practical reasons since there 's plenty of space between france and spain , where andorra is . 
  no one brought politics into it . 
  if anything , you did by making a linguistic map be ruled by political criteria . 
  including catalan in your maps is not `` doing a lot '' ; it is making your job ... 
  for every time the referendum is denied , you all will type in a \u00c7 by mistake in the next 100 messages you send . 
  i hope someone else tells me that i have indeed came across as offended and attacked . 
  i do n't know if you 're high and drunk or i am . 
  the thing is that i feel like i 'm talking with a bot . 
  i have to re-read what ? 
  fucking hell when i see an online map i do n't run a background check on the author . 
  why the fuck am i supposed to know anything about the author ? 
  am i supposed to be aware of all the comments there are to read about the thread ? 
  i have n't felt attacked by anyone , yet you keep accusing me of being engulfed in some kind of hatred explosion hahaha, 
  good god the hate . 
  as amusing as sad, 
   catalan is only official in a microstate that is a passive user of that language , which is regulated by two institutions located in two regions of another country . 
  so is luxembourguish ? 
  are these really your reasons ? 
  they are pretty poor , to be honest . 
  hey mate , you might want to re-read my post . 
  i precisely said he probably did n't know of the existance of catalan , as i did n't think this is an attack of any kind . 
  the fuck have you smoked to think i was bitching about an attack ? 
  in what part of my post have i said he has something against catalan ? 
  what a ridiculous comment hahaha, 
  easier said than done . 
  what point are you even trying to make with the african languages thing ? 
  it is worrisome that a language spoken by 10m people is ignored in a chart about europe in the european subreddit . 
  of course we do n't know much about africa : i , like most of us here , barely ever have to deal with their languages , their cities , their geography , and traditions . 
  of course i do n't know much about them . 
  ( i still know they speak afrikaans , french , berber , arabic , portuguese and swahili , off the top of my head , so your assumptions seem to be well off so far ) . 
   and i do n't see other countries making much of an effort to make their regional languages well-known . 
  fact of the matter is that if you look at a list of regional languages you 'll find a long list of them endangered . 
  your situation is n't anomalous . 
  and what point are you trying to make here ? 
  we ca n't call out this anomaly in the map just because some people do n't give 2 shits about the language they speak ? 
  how can you even think that way for a split second , lol . 
  as a matter of fact , the languages that are endangered are so because the people that spoke them did n't bother to protect it in the first place . 
  your logic summed up : `` oh come on , do n't complain . 
  there are lots of languages that have been left out and their speakers do n't complain '' then , if catalan was to be a marginal language , because of the lack of protection and stubborness : `` oh come on , do n't complain . 
  if you look at a list of regional languages you 'll find a lot of languages like yours . 
  no one cares about a language that is barely spoken and , besides , why would you be different ? '', 
  you sometimes ca n't win . 
  erm he added irish which is barely spoken by no-one in the west coast of ireland ( i.e regional language ) , while he also added luxembourguish which has less than 0.5 m speakers and it clearly does a poor job at simplifying anything due to its small size in the map . 
  there are n't arguments at all to justify leaving out catalan , besides mere ignorance : 1 - catalan is the official language of a european country : andorra 2 - catalan is spoken by +10 m people , which makes it the 10th ( i think ? 
  somewhere there ) most spoken language in europe . 
  3 - there is enough space to put in the info 5 times . 
  i do n't think he wanted to `` simplify the map '' , that 'd be dumb however you look at it . 
  i want to think they do n't know about catalan , which is understandable , i guess . 
  catalan is the official language of andorra , though ... 
  i agree with that , but that does n't make it less of a fact . 
  besides , i do n't know if the us even wins the battle regarding sponsored terrorism . 
  i think the us has funded way more terrorist groups with much more money than iran has . 
  `` bombing , sabotage or attempted government overthrown '' . 
  that 's what the picture says . 
  i do n't think there is much of a debate , really , after wwii the usa has got the most blood on their hands by a huge margin . 
  you also conviniently forget that the us has almsot single-handedly boosted islamic fanatism to the international relevance it has today by funding ultra-religious guerrilla groups during the cold war to fight the filthy godless commies !, 
  before the coup iran was much like morocco or tunez - places where religion was important , but not that much .
