  with all due respect to your relatives , your case is anechdotal and ca n't be used to say `` during the republic they killed farmers '' . 
  well , probably some bucthers died from attacks of anarquists and other leftist groups . 
  some fishermen probably were also hunted down . 
  the so called `` red terror '' , which i will repeat , was not conducted by the government but the population ( you ca n't link those crimes to the existance of the republic ) , targeted catholic representatives and the bourgeoisie . 
  that is a different thing . 
  a vote of confidence is proposed by the government itself to see if it still has the support of the chamber . 
  it only needs a simply majority to pass . 
  if it does n't , elections are called automatically . 
  a `` censure vote '' is proposed by the opposition and it requires the opposition to agree on an alternative president with an absolute majority of support . 
  should n't c 's have supported a podemos-psoe government ? 
  oh , the double standards . 
  ciudadanos said from the get-go they would n't support a government with podemos , regardless of what that government actually was like . 
  instead , podemos did n't veto ciudadanos , they just did n't support a c 's - psoe government that did n't abolish the labour reform , nor the omce , for instance . 
  were it for psoe , they would choose podemos over pp , naturally . 
  were it for c 's , as we have seen , they ahve no problem with choosing pp over podemos . 
  yes way it will . 
  the only ways the government can be overthrown before the 4 year mark are : either pp calls on early elections ( there 's a higher chance a meteor wipes out humanity off the earth ) , or a moci\u00f3n de censura ( do n't know the translation ) is presented . 
  for it to succeed , the opposing parties should do exactly what they have failed to do : agree on an alternative . 
  you ca n't simply withdraw your parliamentary support . 
  besides , c 's will be pp 's little bitch for as much as it is needed . 
  i believe you vote that party ? 
  for the sake of `` stability '' , c 's will do whatever it takes . 
  many priests , rich people and owners of businesses were killed during the republic , many churches were burnt . 
  totally despicable and worthy of being remembered and moarned . 
  now , those atrocities were commited by anarquists , communists and so on . 
  you try and picture it as if it wa sthe republic that officialy signed death sentences for no reason here and there . 
  i would expand , but it 's not worth the effort . 
  saying 2 wrong do n't make it right is straight up offensive and illustrative of what kind of person you might be . 
  the number of wrongs on behalf of the republic does n't even amount for 1/100 of what the fascist regime did . 
   that 's relative , around march we saw internal disputes in podemos among errejonistas who wanted to pact with cs and psoe and the iglesistas so what ? 
  you had still voted an iglesias-led podemos . 
  you casted your voted because you foresaw that iglesias would be overthrown later ? 
  that 's as dumb as it gets . 
   be honest with yourself because such a government was never agreed by podemos . 
  as a catalan , the negotations between psoe and podemos were exhaustively covered in regard of the referendum variable . 
  several times did podemos leaders hint or explicitely say a referendum was n't a red line . 
  even the catalan leader said so multiple times . 
  every time a podemos leader said the referendum was n't a condition , a huge uproar from the catalan podemos voters shake the news for the day . 
  you may be talking about the psoe-c 's pact that required podemos to agree on . 
  so , podemos has way more represnetation in the parliament than c 's , yet it 's them who have to bend over and accept a psoe-c 's government ? 
  it 's revealing of how protected is c 's by the media that they have never been blamed for anything despite blocking the only plausible alternative to a rajoy government . 
   tell me what you did n't like about the psoe-cs agreement , barring nationalist complains about the referendum.because it included many podemos measures like a negative income tax . 
  i did n't read a single one , but from what i heard and read about it , neither of these 200 mesures included abolishing the labour reform nor the omce . 
  way more than enough to oppose it . 
  it 's stupid that you shit on podemos for , despite having way more support than c 's , not supporting a psoe-c 's government , and completely ignore the fact that c 's blocked a psoe-podemos governement between ideologically closer parties and with much more parliamentary support . 
  would n't expect any less from the `` franco was bad , but the republic was evil as well '' guy . 
   cs are liberals , and pretty much everyone around europe recognises that , in fact they are the biggest party in alde . 
  they are still right and a vanilla pp . 
  no one cares what they think in europe , any spanish resident should have seen c 's true colours by now . 
  i 'm sure most spaniards in here will agree . 
   i have voted for iu for the local council elections because they had an independent candidate with a good program . 
  fair enough . 
   i did n't call podemos furious nationalism , improve your reading comprehension.iglesias = / = podemos that 's moronic . 
  this is like saying you do n't vote for rajoy , but pp . 
  iglesias was elected head of the party a long time ago . 
  i imagine you voted for an ideal podemos which does n't exist . 
  it 's like saying : i do n't vote for trump , i vote for the republicans . 
   refuses to try to rule their countries they did try to form a government several times . 
  now , we live in such a backwards country that it 's unfathomable to concede a referendum of independence for a region in which 80 % of the parliament is infavour of holding one . 
  this is not a trueleft ^ tm fetish as you said . 
  hell , in the uk it was the conservatives whi agreed on holding one . 
  here in spain only the `` far-left '' was willing to concede one . 
  it 's pathetic that psoe vetoed that option . 
  and even then , long after psoe had made it clear that there was no way a referendum was being held , it was ciudadanos who refused to give support to a psoe-podemos government that did n't even include the referendum clause . 
  if there has n't been an alternative to pp , it 's because of ciudadanos 's podemosphobia . 
  banks, 
  this sub is small enough to get to know some people . 
  as a spaniard you often comment in spain related threads , and so do i. 
  your comments are a constant rant about the left . 
  in the comment above mine you have called podemos `` furious nationalism '' and `` far left '' , to which you are angry at , yet you have voted them despite having called them populists in other times ? 
  also , you have voted iu which have stronger ties with communism ? 
  you are either lying or are incredibly incoherent ... 
  in other comments you also refuse to acknowledge that c 's are just a vanilla version of pp . 
  you call them `` liberals '' , lol . 
  everybody knows they are as right as it gets . 
  very weird . 
  haha , sure you do vote left . 
  and even if he were , that does n't entitle you to be cunt . 
  the workers definitely did n't support franco . 
  the workers were the vast majority of the population . 
  also , barcelona was n't almost taken . 
  the uprising did n't last a day . 
  it only took companys to arm the anarquist to suffocate the rebellion . 
  catalonia was very conservative during the xix in the carlist wars and so on , but xxth century onwards it 's been one of the most progressive and left-leaning regions of the country . 
  and there is no way the farmers of the countryside were conservative . 
  only the ones who were also the owners of their lands were , the rest probably not . 
  yes i do, 
  ca n't you see that it was a joke ? 
  okay then . 
  i still see your point , but i do n't think it is comparable . 
  america fighting communism is different . 
  yes , america had/has many flaws and did terrible things in their struggle against communism , but it is nowhere near being a fascist/nazi fighting against communism . 
  yes , you are fighting communism , but you are still fighting * for * fascism . 
  americans at least fought for the name of democracy , some liberties , etc. . . 
  anywhere . 
  in the catalan elections no far-right party even got 0.1 % of the votes ( i 'd tell the smaller figure but the article from where i checked only included parties with at least 0.1 % of the votes ) yet in spain vox and la falange got 0.25 % of the vote . 
  yeah sure . 
  being a francoist is being anti-us , free trade and capitalism . 
  and sure , pp is pro-immigration . 
  were for pp alone there would be no autonomies .
