  it 's seriously counterproductive in terms of clarity . 
  do not ever stop commenting in french as well ( please ) , as it 's a language i 'm very interested in , just put the english text above for the sake of easier comprehension . 
  that account is also 17 days old with 4 negative karma already lol, 
  we are averaging a 2 new bullshit account per week rate in / r/europe . 
  fascinating . 
  just to clear thing out , nobody in catalonia or the basque country or any othe region would like to erase spanish from our society . 
  maybe this language was initially enforced against our will , but now our children can speak 2 languages since they are able to talk ( one of them being super important around the world ) which is a gift we must preserve . 
  many few peoples can say that . 
  do n't be fucking idiotic . 
  exactly . 
  completely agree . 
  a perfect translation will keep the essence , tone and all the subtilities , but since that 's completely impossible the only way to get the full message is by reading or listening to the original text . 
  when you only translate literal meanings or phrases you miss out a lot of stuff you woul n't miss if you knew that language . 
  it does n't affect much to the core of the ideas and messages , but still there are some interesting pieces of content that are lost . 
  this is why i ca n't wait to finally master english to move on to another language . 
  i ca n't wait to open myself to a new world . 
  really ? 
  i used to think like that back when i only knew catalan and spanish since the languages are similar enough in terms of grammar and so on , plus catalan `` society '' and spanish `` society '' are very mixed up and there are n't many significant differences between these two . 
  however , once i got some decent understanding of the english language i completely changed my mind . 
  i acquired a different way to phrase my thoughts , a different level of linguistic boundaries to develope my ideas . 
  the fact that spanish culture and english , american , irish , ( basically all western/northern europe ) , etc. 
  are quite different unchains yet another pack of aspects such as humour , for instance . 
  languages evolve around the needs of a society , thus in the eskimo languages , for example , you will have several ways to talk about fishing , fish , ice , shades of the color white from the snow , etc. 
  while in arabic you will be able to put some more detail and be more specific when talking about the sahara , its dunes , etc. 
  ( i 'm completely making this up but i hope the point remains clear . ), 
  every language that dissapears is a way to see and understand the world that we will never explore . 
  fantastic news , i have always been worried of basque slowly dieing out . 
  it looks like there was nothing to worry about after all . 
  we ca n't afford to lose such language which we still do n't know nothing about . 
  i always chuckle to these, 
  uh he 's deleted it ... that guy had created another acc going by the name of a pro-independentist redditor who often posts in the spanish related threads . 
  nothing to be worried about, 
  troll # 3 spotted this week . 
  we are breaking some records guys !, 
  and catalonia !, 
  this has to be the first time i hear they were forced into raping . 
  it seems so absurd that for one i will ask for a source of that . 
  and yes , most of the milions that died have to be just as respected as any other soldier that fought for the right cause . 
  hell , they had to leave their homes , their families , their lives ; just like any other american , british , french or german had to . 
  this circlejerk has to come to an end . 
  ps : it is known that a hell lot of allied soldiers did a raping tour on their way to berlin as well , but hollywood and cold war have their thing . 
  they are becoming more frequent in this subreddit , it 's a real shame . 
   `` you are about to embark upon the great crusade , toward which we have striven these many months . 
  the eyes of the world are upon you . 
  the hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you . 
  in company with our brave allies and brothers-in-arms on other fronts you will bring about the destruction of the german war machine , the elimination of nazi tyranny over oppressed peoples of europe , and security for ourselves in a free world . '', 
  - dwight d. eisenhower i wish they had finished the job with spain ... at least most of europe was freed in that collective effort . 
  these men must be always respected and remembered , all of them ( yes , looking at all of you who try to take things away from the red army . 
  most of the millions that died were just as noble as the uk , usa , french , etc troops were . 
  stop hating on them for the mistakes of their commanders ) . 
  it 's always important to stop using the past as an excuse for your current actions , but it is even more important to acknowlede such past in order to not repeat the same mistakes all over again . 
  actually the meaning of `` country '' is quite universal . 
  people just assume that being independent is a condition for being a country , when it 's not . 
  fucking beautiful, 
  i think i know these lyrics * sandstorm intensifies *, 
  i will sound so ignorant and stupid now but ... are you referring to your own country or kosovo/montenegro ? 
  wtf bosnia ? 
  almost 1/2 people is unemployed ? 
  what is happening there ? 
  to be fair almost all of them have the name of the country/language in the top 3 . 
  i was about to say ireland , lol . 
  dublin is a nice city too ... 
  seeing that you are learning the language i thought that if i were you i 'd appreciate some corrections . 
  nice effort , though . 
  ciu more conservative than pp ? 
  economomically speaking , maybe . 
  ideologically speaking ? 
  no way . 
  do not cut yourself with that edge . 
  they certainly are n't unionist either . 
  so barcelona en com\u00fa is unionist , ok . 
  they do already , so no . 
  at least i do n't have the memory of a goldfish lol, 
   unionist won the majority of seats on barcelona 's council . 
  what ? 
   i forget old passwords because i get fed up with how dumb redditors are and leave are you that dumb ? 
  your account is 2 days old , clearly a throwaway and you already have -22 karma ... 
  do you support the qatar abuses of human rights ? 
  stop playing the world cup , fucking hipocritals . 
  you are quite dense . 
   , they can call it and politcise it if they want . 
  you have n't understood me yet . 
  it is them that complain about us , by whistling the anthem and the king , politicising football . 
  we ca n't actually tell . 
  if this player was born in catalonia perhaps he would get a lot of shit for singing the anthem ( maybe sergio busquets or jordi alba would ) . 
  however , i think that if the guy who sang the anthem was from the rest of spain like iniesta ( or villa , a few seasons ago ) he would be respected . 
  pretty much this , if they could choose between catalonia and spain some of them would choose catalonia . 
  the thing is that there is no catalonia to choose because we are n't allowed to have a national team like scotland does . 
  some might feel more catalan than spanish and viceverse , but any of them wo n't miss the oportunity to compete at the maximum level in world cups and eurocups . 
  i do n't care about the political connotations . 
  you are probably missing something here because it is the spaniards that demand not to mix politics with football ( being the boo a political manifestation ) yet they are okay with the cup being named afte the king and formerly after the dictator . 
  i could n't care less about the cup 's name . 
  i am referring to the people who say it is wrong to mix politics and football but completely disregard that the cup is named after the king and before that it was named after the dictator . 
  looking at your account i find out it is a 13 day old account which uses the same expressions some spaniards do to satirize about catalan nationalism . 
  imagine if it was called coca-cola cup . 
  does this mean that because i disagree with the qatar 2022 wc and so on i should n't support my team in this competition ? 
  the thing is that they are accusing bar\u00e7a and bilbao fans , among other things , of bringing politics to the sport , while the name of the fucking competition itself has politics : `` copa del rey '' , formerly known as `` copa del general\u00edsimo '' ( franco ) . 
  you are asking for something such as english teams no taking part in the champions league or the europa league in a possible brexit . 
  i believe the majority of people would get rid of the monarchy if they were asked , but they wo n't . 
  ^ do n't bother , troll .
