  well , the castillan did n't have to give up their cultural identity whatsoever , while the catalan was n't able to use his language for nothing more than telling the kid to go buy some bread , which , had this policy lasted 40 more years , catalan may be very well extinct . 
  even with `` only '' 40 years of dictatorship , catalan was damaged to irreparable lengths . 
  in castille , only leftists and centrists ideologies were persecuted , whereas in catalonia if you were nationalist you were also to be persecuted . 
  it 's very simple and it 's not that hard to understand . 
  no one is making it a dick-size competition either . 
  this is how the spanish community works here . 
  we all want federalization ; we 're all in favour of a referendum for catalonia ( what a pity that constitution thing ) ; we 're all in favour of the plurinationality of spain ; we all despise pp ; etc. 
  then , in reality , the vast majority of spanish people is in favour of centralizing the country ( even among podemos voters , this idea had 50 % support ) , they do n't give a shit about plurinationalities and the like unless they live in one of those nations , the vast majority of spaniards is , in fact , against a referendum ; whether it 's legal or not , and pp is winning elections with a terrible , borderline retarded candidate like rajoy . 
  are n't you proving his point ? 
  the constitution is not a god-sent piece of rock on which there are written the holy unmutable principles of spain . 
  it can be changed and it only needs the approval of the congress , i.e political will . 
  `` spain refuses '' is a completely valid thing to say since 1 . 
  it 's on their hands since , well , if the parliament is n't the best representation of the spanish people , then i do n't know what it is , so yes , `` spain refuses '' and 2 . 
  the spanish pm has said multiple times things like : `` i ca n't allow a referendum and i wo n't do anything to allow for its allowance . '', 
  or , on an interview , '' + will you call a referendum for catalonia ? 
  - oh , no , i ca n't , it 's against the constitution . 
  + then will you try to change it in order for the referendum to be legal ? 
  it 's `` spain refuses '' all the way down , who else has the responsibility then ? 
  as i said , god ? 
  the eu ? 
  mars ? 
  el pa\u00eds , la raz\u00f3n , abc , el mundo and even la vanguardia and el periodico , to name a few , have said that referendums are evil and machiavelic populists tools . 
   catalans voted for approving the current constitution only catalans that are at least 57 years old got to vote in that . 
  whatever poll you choose shows that there 's a current supramajority which is unhappy with the constitution . 
  normalizing censorship , way to go . 
  2 comments ago you were calling out on an alleged `` censorship narrative '' . 
  when it is shown there is actual censorship , `` what a shocker ! '' . 
  abc and la razon are two of the most read newspapers in spain , they are n't only read by right-wing nutters . 
  you broke his censorship narrative and you also broke the other guys propaganda narrative , since both articles are the same . 
  also , i 'm going to rebuild the censorship narrative which you briefly tore down by saying that , unless they have it very well-hidden , this news does n't appear anywhere on the abc or la raz\u00f3n websites . 
  damn indoctrinators amirite, 
   seriously , stop using this subreddit for pro-independence proselytism . 
  yeah , let 's instead use this subreddit to defame and slander about catalan education , and therefore catalan institutions like our government , with bullshit claims of indoctrination that are laughed at in catalonia , that only an uninformed foreigner would ever consider believing , which is the audience you 're aiming for , since all catalans and most of the spaniards know it 's absolute bullshit . 
  well now you have the power of hindsight . 
  during most of ww2 the majority of the world did n't know about the concentration camps either . 
  i 'm not blaming the lithuanians , estonians and latvians from the 40 's for preferring nazis over soviets . 
  the people from the baltics from today know that half your population was meant to be absolutely exterminated , yet you still consider the nazis the lesser evil , which is ludicrous . 
  being pro nazi during the war was normal because you were fighting an established occupation by the soviets , and people did n't know nazis real intentions . 
  now , that you do ? 
  how do you keep tangling the matter so the soviets are somehow as bad , if not worse , than the nazis ? 
  why am i not getting ? 
  i do n't understand the purpose of highlighting that bit . 
  then you prefer nazi occupation or soviet ? 
  you get nazi occupation if the nazis win the war ; you get soviet occupation if the nazis lose it . 
  you 're saying the soviets are worse , in all possible universes too , which leaves me to believe that you prefer nazi occupation , thus the nazis winning the war , over soviet occupation , since no one in their right mind would choose the worst oppressor possible , right ? 
   why would anyone choose one evil over the other ? 
  well , duh , to suffer as little as possible ? 
  i 'm not finding logic in soviet atrocities , re-read my comments . 
  i 'm just not swallowing that the `` soviets were as bad as the nazi 's , if not worse '' , that 's it . 
  what am i trying to argue , though , you 're the guy who refused to believe that russia could get hotter than lithuania in summer and spring , even after you were provided graphs and grids ... 
  but the claim `` he saved us from ending up being a soviet state '' is absurd . 
  how was spain supposed to endure communism surrounded by capitalist countries in the western end of western europe ? 
  spain was never to become a communist state , let alone a soviet one . 
  had it become right after the war , it would n't have lasted more than 5 years . 
  christ , you 're delusional . 
  we 're not talking about conspiracy theories . 
  this is well-documented history . 
  yeah , well , my family had to suffer from franco 's regime , and they would n't in a million years exchange that for nazi 's rule , despite the nazis not having left any bad memories , and franco having left too many . 
  he made a very possible objective comparison . 
  these threads are terribly useless if we give up on objectiveness in favour of `` memories '' and `` feelings '' . 
  by that logic , a person from chile would never be able to acknowledge that , while pinochet was a monster , he was better than the nazis , because they never suffered from them . 
  it 's a stupid rhetoric which dislodges all grounds for a meaningful discussion . 
  in that case you 're idly shamelessly cherry-picking from opressor regimes , lol . 
  you 're saying you prefer nazi occupation , because they did n't get to exterminate you . 
  imagine an inmate in death row who , 5 days before his execution , is liberated . 
  then we have an inmate who is not in the death row , but every week the guards come into his cell and give him a beating . 
  now , which inmate do you want to be , the first one , because you lived confined but it was okay , after all : you did n't get beatings and you lived somewhat in peace , despite the fact that , had you not been liberated , you 'd be dead in 5 days ; or the second one , in which you are treated way worse , but live ? 
  following your logic , you 'd rather be inmate a , because as far as you can tell , you are n't to be exterminated , because that 's only a plan , a part of a schedule . 
  you choose to be inmate a because he has n't been beaten once , whereas inmate b is beaten regularly . 
  in other words , it 's 1941 , you have the power to decide whether you 'll live under soviet occupation , knowing how it turned out , or nazi occupation . 
  what do you choose ? 
  what that is a stupid rhetoric . 
  it 's like a briton saying he prefers the nazis over thatcher 's new conservative policies with a much more reckless police , just because they have n't been under nazi occupation , so however that occupation might have been , that 's a speculation , whereas the miners did take the truncheon hits with their actual bones . 
  as for the second part , my ancestors also shared that hope , but they never came and left us with a 40-year fascist dictatorship with their inactions and their passive approval ( and not so passive , really ) . 
  eh , i 'm not sure weighing social brainwashing levels on electoral results is the smartest option since the two examples you provided are prime instances of countries with democratic deficits which have shown signs that some elections might have been rigged and/or have undergone sketchy and shady `` democratic controls '' . 
  not too long ago there were massive protests in several cities across russia , for example . 
  as for turkey , i think that 's a lost cause . 
  turks had the option to grab the fake coup d'etat and turn it against erdogan , but it was erdogan 's supporters who took the streets . 
  no , it would n't be perpetual . 
  the suffering and oppression would 've ended at around 1950 top . 
  by then , there would be no slavs and people from the baltics to oppres . 
  it escapes me how they prefer being annihilated to how everything went . 
  that being said , they 're in their right to complain and display their resentment . 
  no one is saying this ? 
  in fact , people from the baltics are continuously downplaying the fact that , had the nazis won , you would n't even be able to type this comment . 
  i was on mobile and you have such a long name that the flair only said `` united '' , so i made an assumption . 
  the irony in an american commenting this . 
  turkey is at constant war with the kurds , and they have banned kurdish websites too . 
  you do realize that russian propaganda does n't get past the former soviet satellite countries , at most , right ? 
  the 100 % of western media is 100 % russian-propaganda-free . 
  if anything , western media is quite biased against russia , so if we did the stretch most people do here in the loose use of the word `` propaganda '' , we could say the western media do sometimes broadcast propaganda , which to be fair does n't make it to russia . 
  as of now there 's only one wagon, 
  to be honest i think that 's a rather nice ass . 
  he knew what he was showing to the world, 
   a movement , as in the arts , based upon the folk idioms , history , aspirations , etc. , of a nation . 
  this is what * nationalism * was meant to mean . 
  this idea that one nation is superior over the others has found its way into the dictionary because of hitler and the lot . 
  the word had been used in the sense i pointed for centuries before that . 
  http://www.dictionary.com/browse/nationalism notice that the 7 entries , the vast majority of them are positive . 
  scientific consensus on what words mean ?
