  under these circumstances i refuse to contribute with a single cent to a country that not only does not tolerate your singularity but tries to erradicate it . 
  if catalonia were to be independent , people in barcelona would give a lot of money to the other catalan regions , but we would n't care , just like bavarians are okay with germany , for example . 
  also : i 'm utterly tired of having to remind you all the god damn demonstrations of over 1 million people have been called by the people . 
  no political parties nor personalities . 
  you can fuck right off with those straight up lies . 
  yes , i 'm pissed and butthurt and i wo n't stand with my hands crossed reading this pile of shit . 
  you are pretty dumb if you think this poll has been done by a newspaper , rather than the actual oficial institute of statistics ( ? ), 
  i mean , it 's in the head-line itself ... 
  they both voted yes-yes in the much illegal consultation of 9n, 
  we have more population than probably half the countries in europe ( more or less , we 'd be the number 22 , right above bulgaria , and the list i 'm using includes countries like turkey or kazakhstan ... ) while being a richer region than , at least , half the countries in europe . 
  out of everything you said , only the military and the coast guard mean a significant portion of what an independent country must assume in spending . 
  i do n't know how can you think all the rest you said can neglect billions in profit ( representation is now * that * expansive ? 
  do they make you buy golden thrones as seats in the un and the eu ? ) . 
  even the military , we do n't need a strong one . 
  we are not russia , the us or china . 
  literally more , at least , than 3/4 of the countries in europe are getting by with almost symbolical militaries , i 'd like to check the netherlands spending on that , for instance . 
  that 's just your opinion . 
  out of all the votes from the party that did n't deffend a yes nor a no , we only needed a 16 % of those to get past 50 % votes in favour of independence . 
  we will never know whether there was an explicit majority of independentists in catalonia in the last elections , but it 's way more likely that indeed there was more people in favour than against . 
  christ , even the leader of that party is independentist . 
  even the mayor of barcelona from the same party is independentist , and i know it 's irrelevant because they may be isolated cases ( or not ) , but i have relatives and friends who are independentists since birth but voted that party because they still believe we have to do all this in the proper way , the referendum . 
  saying the capital of the country when adressing the country 's policies is common practice in spanish media . 
  it 's used literally every day . 
  my bad . 
  i meant that it 's already taken out of context . 
  a bot deleted the pic i posted because it 's from tweeter . 
  albert rivera posted half of the quote `` los invasores ser\u00e1n expulsados de catalu\u00f1a '' , and that 's manipulating . 
  the full quote is from the civil war , where the `` invasors '' are the fascists ... 
  yep , it 's not like the most pro-progressive left wing party in spain destroyed the elections in catalonia in the last spanish election . 
  while here we have an absolute majority of the parties that suggest similar policies to the ones from podemos , those same policies in spain only get like 25 % of the vote , let alone seats . 
  if we voted ideologically oriented , in catalonia we 'd have some sort of coalition between cup , podemos , erc , icv , which means a pretty huge majority . 
  we can only go so far as a region , you can apply progressive and leftist policies when you have no control of the fiscal system ... and before you say the right wing ( ciu ) has been ruling for a lot of time , that party has now become a really small one . 
  the change started a long time ago in catalonia , the basque country , madrid , etc. 
  in zamora , soria , ciudad real , etc. ? 
  not at all . 
  we truly live in different countries . 
  why do you associate me with violence ? 
  too late , i 've already heard this being quoted on national tv . 
  media will have to find a lot of shit now , and that 'll be a mild problem since no one know who he is . 
  spanish media uses it all the time ... `` brussels has decided ( eu ) '' , `` beijing condemns these actions ... '', 
  ca n't you really see that the guy means `` spanish government '' when saying `` madrid '' ? 
  it would n't be the first time you say `` washington '' to refer to the us , or brussels to refer to the eu . 
  now you 're starting to get picky about everything ... 
  do you mean this ? 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cyt58qsw8aejvjg.jpg:large 5 hours after the announcement and the lies are already being spread . 
  that was terrible . 
  i love making fun of our pm as much as the next guy , and i have to admit that i laughed my ass off when i read he had been slapped ( yes , initial reports did n't quite put is as harshly as `` punch '' ) , then i saw the video ... that 's a strong punch , he could 've been hurt somewhat badly . 
  regardless of your political views and sympathy rowards his persona , this is not the way to go . 
  * the thief was offered a fiscal pact and he refused it * are you kidding ? 
  5 years ago he went to madrid to ask for a fiscal pact , which was denied by the government and even today , with all the independentist shitstorm , still is . 
  all you said is true . 
  but i do n't know why you put conservative in quotation marks . 
  the name of the party that won the election was literally `` spanish confederation of autonomous right-wing groups '' and they quickly stopped all the progressive reforms from their predecessors regarding religion , agriculture , etc. 
  also , companys declared independence , but within an iberian federetion of independent republic , nothing different from the pacted in the pacto de san sebsati\u00e1n in 1930 ... 
  he declared the independence of the catalan republic within the iberian federetion of republic ( federaci\u00f3 ib\u00e9rica de rep\u00fablicas or algo parecido , ahora mismo no recuerdo los t\u00e9rminos que utiliz\u00f3 ) . 
  he did n't do anything that was n't approved in the pacto de san sebasti\u00e1n , from 1930 , in which republicans from all parts of spain agreed on becoming a federal republic with catalonia as a fully competent republic there ... that 's what also happened when maci\u00e0 declared the independence of catalonia days after the declaration of the republic . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suu_7zqjbv8 in the descrption you can find the transcription . 
  both of them were probably in favour of a fully independent catalonia , but at the time they agreed on being part of spain in a federative format . 
  they suspended the autonomy on 1934 because they literally rebeled against the conservative government of the moment , which had taken back a lot of the reforms approved by the leftist government prior to them . 
  can we even call that trolling ? 
  let 's do some serious talk then . 
  i find it pathetic that , out of all dates spain could 've picked up to celebrate the national day , they picked this one . 
  while the us and many former colonies from the british empire celebrate independence , or the french celebrete the taking of bastille in a revolution of the people , spain is the only country that does it backwards . 
  we celebrate putting an end to god knows how many cultures , traditions and people 's lifes with the use of force . 
  we did n't `` discover '' them , nor did we civilize them . 
  what can i say , it is hard to objectively like this holiday . 
  i expected the downvotes . 
  i have always loved celebrating with my family a good invasion of an entire continent !, 
  people tend to forget what 's life these days . 
  i have never seen any troll with an estelada or catalan flag . 
  wait , i have , and i laugh at them . 
  you have to be very , very sensitive to be offended by this shit . 
  you are doing pretty well since it took me quite a while you are not an average spanish account ... 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm, 
  they could n't have made it more romantic . 
  disclaimer : they have been an ally with pp in everything related to economics . 
  that 's what happens when 2 conservative parties meet . 
   if it would have been announced a week ago , and independism would have gotten the same result , i wonder if you 'd be complaining the other way . 
  sure , you know better . 
   this judicial process should not be used as a political tool either way , so i am content that it did not influence the result . 
  the judicial process has to give 0 fucks about an incoming election . 
  the voters have the right to know what 's happening . 
  how can it be morally correct to hide such thing in order not to alter a result ? 
  we have n't . 
  they had . 
  or smarter . 
  if spain had granted the referendum 2 or 3 years ago i assure you there 's no way independentism would win and the matter would be settled for years . 
  catalonia voted the constitution over a dictatorship ? 
  why would someone expect a different outcome ? 
  and again : it 's all `` victimism for the last 5 years '' ... one day you will look at a map and you will see spain has shrunk a little and you still wo n't know why has that happened . 
  you do n't know how happy i am to read these things !, 
  i said i wo n't argue with xxth laws because they are laws . 
  you just ca n't argue with them , they are laws . 
  they did n't need to do anything , everyone had forgotten about it , but they did . 
  however , as i said , this will only fuel independentism , if you are all that blind to see it you have a problem . 
  i 'm very relaxed at home with a smile on my face , and so is mas . 
  i 'm very relieved that such non-existant levels of awareness are not only exclusive from the authorities . 
  as i said , go on , please . 
  charge them and put them into jail . 
  i wo n't even enter the you were never a pick one : `` nation/country/state / kingdom/pizza '' .
