  yes , basically nothing of what today 's been announced should have been so . 
  god damn it . 
  does it have bubbles ? 
  there must be bubbles , * at least *, 
  if you drink vodka to counter the cold , will you drink fruit juices to counter the heat ? 
  i mean , it 'll be effective but i 'm 100 % sure drinking that pussy ass shit results in deportation in mother russia . 
  you have provided the deep showerthought and the usual top comment which brings the science that shows how stupid and obvious that thought actually is , all by yourself . 
  impressing . 
  lots of moaning now in this sub from all the spanish redditors while more than quite a few of them vote this party for sure . 
  voting for the alternative pary ( eg : citizen based parties with podemos and such ) in the municipal elections is way different than voting ( in this case only podemos ) in the general ones . 
  people wo n't do it . 
  my prediction is that psoe will win with no absolute majority , then they 'll have to pact with podemos and hope the pp-c 's pact is n't bigger than theirs to rule . 
  how did you revive ? 
  you do n't know how sad it is the amount of people that have no idea these kind of laws are being passed . 
  well yes , but our `` kurwa '' would be the `` puta '' ( bitch ) . 
  we use it in a similar way homer simpon does the `` d'oh '' , and some more cases . 
  write 50 instead , i do care . 
  rip catalan, 
  bullfighting deffensors often argue that it is a game human vs bull , well there you have it . 
  the man lost for once . 
  it 's not like we 've never made fun of diceased people . 
  for once , the bulls have won in this cruel `` game '' bullfighting is . 
  i 'm happy for that . 
  yes , oui , si !, 
   anyway , the abortion/prostitution ... part , do n't you have anything to say ? 
  and do you have anything to say abou the bull fighting protectionism ? 
  and , as we have already discussed but i see you do n't care , do you have anything to say about them not wanting to condemn any of the responsibles for the francoist crimes ? 
   you ca n't manipulate it as much as you want , but i 'm sure you wo n't find an interview to rivera in which he defends franquism . 
  holy shit are you naive . 
  of course he wo n't say he is francoist lol . 
   i remember it too . 
  but you forgot the part where they were insulted by cup members , who called them fascists , and nuria gispert did n't allowed them to reply , so they left . 
  you ca n't manipulate it as much as you want , but i 'm sure you wo n't find an interview to rivera in which he defends franquism . 
  if i had a cent every time some catalan politician is laughed at or booed at the congress i 'd be rich . 
  also , the video you linked it 's not from whatever you were referring in the text . 
  it 's funny how you are drifting the discussion to something different as it advances . 
  and btw , if you consider the thing showed in that video a threat , you might be offended really easily in real life . 
  edit :  yeah . 
  i 'm sorry , that does n't make any sense . 
  really ? 
  i do not know where 'd you put the centralization of the spanish culture and nation in that political spectrum then . 
  if it depended on them , badajoz would n't be any different than girona or santander . 
  they wet their pants thinking of spain as a unit , where everyone is a patriotic spaniard from north to south . 
  if that is n't centralization and if they is n't a rightish ideology i do n't know what it is . 
  it 's important to note for any non spaniard reading this which i highly doubt because thhese discussions are stubborn as fuck , maybe in europe the right wing does n't interfere much with the autonomy of each lander , county , region or whatever . 
  however , in spain the right wing usually means fucking with things like education and such which in theory are exclusive to said authonomies . 
  throughout history the right wing has pretty much tried to make one spain with as less regional singularities as possible . 
  centralization has nothing to do with fascism , which i did n't even say . 
  it has to do with being right wing in the social matter , which is what i said . 
  also , i spilled some of the soda i was drinking reading that link of you . 
  really , really good sense of humour ... but really , i remember that at least in less than 6 month there was some sort of votation of that kind on which pp and c 'd both voted no ... also : * `` el parlament condena solemnemente toda declaraci\u00f3n o actividad que comporte alg\u00fan tipo de trivializaci\u00f3n , alusi\u00f3n comparativa injuriosa , exculpaci\u00f3n o negaci\u00f3n del nazismo , el franquismo y el resto de reg\u00edmenes fascistas y/o totalitarios '' . 
  * what this just means is that they are against nazi/fascist apology and things like holocaust denial and similar . 
  at no point do they condemn the actual francoist crimes against people and at no point do they seek for due investigation . 
  they are just against the usage of symbology and such ( which they clearly do n't really give a fuck about as quite an depressing amount of their members have been caught with said symbology or with members that do apology of nazism . 
  even rivera himself found himself surrounded by neo-nazis in a concentration though he did n't look really bothered . ) . 
  lol * el partido ha votado a favor de la propuesta de ciu y erc para condenar los reg\u00edmenes totalitarios * `` the party has voted in favour ciu and erc 's proposal to condemn totalitarian regimes . '', 
  well , i guess it 'd be too much of a giveaway if they did n't . 
  in the social axis they are strong deffendors of the bulls , they do not condemn any of the francoist crimes and are against the descentralitzation of the country and the spanish `` nation '' . 
  this looks to me quite `` right '' . 
  and nope , i do not call fascist every party that is unionist . 
  i would n't call the psoe or podemos fascists . 
  i do call fascists those parties which are against any kind of investigation to know who the fuck killed who in the civil war and in what fucking hole x person is buried along with 50 more people or so . 
  i call fascist a party whose members are openly fascists ; whose members have showed up in neo-nazi and neo-fascists concentrations ; whose members have been caught doing the nazi salute , holding francoist spanish flags and doing other kind of nazi/fascist apology . 
  that 's why i call them fascists . 
  i felt like watching some da vinci code movie style reading this . 
  i want to know more !, 
  but i do n't even know what to ask, 
  and it seems to be working out which is another sign of how fucked up our society is . 
  you no longer vote the best but the better looking or most appealing . 
  you vote `` el que te cae mejor '' which i do n't know how to translate . 
  totally agree , this will eventually backfire really hard . 
  that 's the weirdest part . 
  you get a bunch of honest replys which does n't correlate with the upvotes/downvotes . 
  it usually happens when you mention catholicism and spain , people tend to get a little bit salty when it comes to it because , as a matter of fact , religion is n't as influential as it was a while ago and they ca n't stand when someone does n't aknowledge that . 
  so your post is currently -6 for asking a genuine and honest question about the thread without insinuating anything or being unrespectful . 
  well , welcome to / r/europe , friend . 
  what i think is that they will pact and agree with whoever it takes to get some power and what i meant is that if they were to choose excluively between pp or psoe they would most likely pick pp . 
  well , now this dicussion has lost all sense of seriousness . 
  some think they are the cleaner version of pp , some pick them because they see them as a stronger version of pp to face the growing nationalisms and to deffend the unity of spain , some pick them because they are tired of both pp and psoe but do n't like podemos either so the only `` big '' party left is that . 
  that 's what i said , i agreed in the liberal part , not the centrist one . 
  in spain if you ever think of a right coalition and a left coalition you will always find c 's in the right . 
  a spanish party which i believe that in its current status can be called centrist is the psoe , well , they would be center-left but really close to the absolute center . 
  calling ciutadanos center ( not even right-center ) is just plain wrong and a joke if you ask me . 
  i thought the kinda was referring to the `` liberal '' . 
  and i said that you could get to call them right-center if you are really really generous . 
  by that criteria you can call whatever you want center-something . 
  yes , they are capturing both votes and members from pp and upyd . 
  their platform ? 
  who knows , they adapt to whatever it 's on the table . 
  because half of their militancy comes from upyd , pp and other right wing parties ? 
  because they share economical views with other right wing parties ? 
  the effort put in picturing c 's as a `` liberal regeneretionist ( probably just made up that word ) centrist party '' is hilarious . 
  oh , and ideologically speaking they also share more things with the right than with the left . 
  hell , they have caught several of their members in neo-fascist concentrations lol, 
  ciudadanos being `` centrist '' is debatable . 
  getting downvoted for stating a thing everyone in spain agrees with . 
  i guess you all know better spanish politics . 
  at the very least , ciudadanos is right-center , being very generous . 
  this is inaccurate , nobody in spain has a clue on who the hell is juncker or ban ki moon, 
  can you just put the english text first ?
