  where i was ive only seen one non-estelada flag . 
  the guy carrying it was the one that shouted for independence the loudest of us all . 
  what point are you trying to prove with that ? 
  the fuck ? 
  this particular rally is in support for independence . 
  today is the catalan national day . 
  there has been different acts and rallies supporting different ideas . 
  this one , the one being reported in this article , the one being discussed in this thread , is pro-independence , period . 
  compared to spain , spanish in catalonia is spoken as much as in spain . 
  you completely fail to see that spain , or french , are in danger anywhere . 
  and we answer : spanish is more spoken in catalanonia than catalan itself , so as shit an example as it gets . 
   yes , they clearly want spain to be united under spanish nationality ergo , there is only 1 nationality according to them . 
  worth-noting that them is the goddamn constitutional court - which everything they sentence is considered part of the constitution itself - and the spanish goverment . 
  and of course this idea is not working . 
  it has never worked . 
  it 's as artificial as plastic . 
  that there are nationalities within spain is a fact and trying to ignore and surpress that is doomed to either fail or destroy all these nationalities in order to succeed . 
  this comment is an outlier in your narrative . 
  you have just admited that according to the laws and the government there is only one nation and catalonia is not a nation , which is all that truly matters . 
  this is borderline retarded . 
  who do you think the spanish are ? 
  http://www.diarioinformacion.com/elementosweb/gestioncajas/mmp/image/2016/resultados-elecciones-generales-2016-provincias.jpg the spanish do n't hate their government . 
  this is like saying the british do n't actually want to leave the eu because most of britons who browse reddit are pro remain and thus you everything you read here shows there 's an inclintation towards remain . 
  look at the map , we catalans voted a completely different thing from the spanish . 
  not only in the economic sense ( they voted right , we voted left ) , but also on the national side ( they voted absolutely no concessions towards a referendum or anything like that , we voted independence and pro-referendum parties . ) . 
  as i see you failed to see what my last comment was about , i will repeat it and maybe you get it this time . 
  in spain the 5th and 6th parties in catalonia absolutely butchered an educative law which is competence of the catalan parliament and requires and absolute majority to be passed . 
  why the fuck should we be quiet and accept it as normal ???? 
  in catalonia we did n't vote for any of this , we have never voted for any of this . 
  what 's the use in the democratic right to vote of your vote is completely ignored ? 
  also , what are you getting at with the `` it 's just political '' \u00bf ? 
  * of course it 's political * . 
  was n't your push for independence a political one as well ? 
  this is just another case of the constitucion ambiguity . 
  when we tried to reform our statue of autonomy , where we explicitely said we were a nation , the contituional court , whose jurisprudency is considered part of the constituional block , stated that there is only one nation , the spanish one . 
  and that nation and nationality are not intended to be synonims in the constituion . 
  clearly you are talking , yet again , out of your goddamned arse . 
  i do n't know what is the point of this discussion anymore since you clearly have no idea about this topic . 
  here 's the thing : fiscal distribution exists in every single country on earth . 
  some people give more than they receive , it happens . 
  in an independent catalonia , barcelona would give more money than they 'd ( * i 'd * , i live there ) would receive . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  well , for instance ( one of the hundreds , probably thousands , of instances ) , last week there was a pact to make rajoy president between pp , the strongest party in spain , and ciudadanos , the 4th force , which involved a complete restructuration of the catalan education . 
  do you know what what is the place of these parties in the catalan parliament ? 
  5th and 6th . 
  the 5th and 6th parties in seats in catalonia completely butchered whatever agreements we , the catalan people , made with huge support of the people in an office in madrid . 
  day and night , the democratic consensus we reached , which as opposed the constituion , is still being supported , is gone . 
  * of course * i do n't want a single cent to support the country that cares nothing about us . 
  as a barcelonian , i 'd probably `` lose '' about as money as i do now . 
  however , that money would n't go somewhere where they constantly bully and ignore us . 
  spain does n't recognize a single nationality besides the spanish one . 
  and you are still talking out of your arse since the latest poll has showed the highest support ever recorded for independene . 
  if we were to do a referendum right now we 'd win it according to it . 
  and before you say anthing about the credibility of the poll , it 's not that a poll has * now * given majoritary support for indy . 
  the thing is that the same instutute has been doing polls using the exact same procedure for years , maybe decades , and now independence wins for the first time . 
  until june/july , independence had always been below anti-independence ( i 'm talking about the same kind of polls ) . 
  `` losing lately '' ... 
  i guess it 's the norm in this sub to be absolutely indocumentated coming into a thread and still speak with complete reassurement . 
  i guess it 's always been like this , i only lurk in the other threads since i do n't know enough to comment , but i imagine people will talk out of their asses in all sorts of threads . 
  i just happen to be more knowledgeable on this subject to spot the bullshit . 
  and well , i also happen to live here . 
  do you mean we missed the train ? 
  what 's the deadline ? 
  if you do n't recover sovereignty within 80 years of the invasion you lose the right of becoming independent ? 
  did the usa ever be a country before the british colonisation of north america ? 
  when did they handle out the tickets to be eligible to ever be independent ? 
  are you sure you are n't spanish ? 
  it has to feel great talking out of your arse that loosely . 
  since 2010 we 've been told the independence movement is scaring business and industry away , yet since 2010 ( and back ) there has been a growing trend in all of these fields . 
  it 's just fear-mongering . 
  and what do you mean it is n't independent ? 
  do you mean that news agency is n't independent ? 
  just because it is public funded ? 
  are you implying bbc is n't independent ? 
  your implication , as a lithuaninan , to fight the biggest democratic movement in europe since , perhaps , your own independence is starting to piss me off . 
  what 's with the trying to portrait catalonia as a banana republic ? 
  if anything , i 'm pretty sure catalan media is ten times more objective than the ever-psychotic-about-russia lithuanian press . 
  can you quote me anything from that article which is false or are you implying that a catalan public corporation will never be able to publish anything good about catalonia without being considered manipulated or biased ? 
  this is becoming ridiculous . 
  it 's not like the name catalannewsagency is nationalistic or implies anything . 
  it 's as dull and , perhaps , as professional as it gets . 
  `` spanish news agency '' , `` british news agency '' , `` chinese news agency '' . 
  i guess we have no right to have anything like that . 
  a catalan news agency is propaganda , as the lithuanian stated below . 
  an `` insert whatever country '' news agency is just that , a news agency . 
  credit where credit 's due . 
  there has been a marvelous job at portraying any catalan media as biased and manipulative despite the articles and papers some foreign newspapers such as the new york times have released on spanish media bias . 
  so what ? 
  there 're sources in there . 
  besides , catalonia has been growing a lot in these fields despite how harmful the independence thing is supposed to be . 
  this is n't exactly breaking news . 
   catalan exports of high-technology products totalled $ 8 billion in the second trimester of 2016 , which represents a 19.4 % increase in comparison to the same period last year . 
  what part of this fragment , from where the title has been extracted , is biased ? 
  this year we have exported $ 8 billion . 
  this year 's figure means a 19,4 % increase over last year . 
  period . 
  why on earth would you imply it 's biased ? 
  do we have to wait for a spanish newspaper to report that in order to reaffirm its authenticity ? 
  whenever a catalan agency , newspaper , tv channel or whatever reports something good about catalonia then it is automatically not to be trusted . 
  or so it seems .
