  that 's why you see so many people here that say `` i 'm all for them having a legal referendum , but if they ca n't , they ca n't '' . 
   for a their shitty political agenda haha in every single thread about catalonia you sneak in that phrase . 
  how is it living with that much hatred inside ? 
   but pro-independent parties choose to antagonize the rest of spain and look for international support instead . 
  you must be new here, 
  it 's always so depressing to see the shit history they teach you regarding catalonia . 
  catholic kings were around 1492 , so according to you the decreto de nueva planta which abolished all catalan institutions , all catalan laws and catalan as an official language , which took place in 1714 , was nothing but a concession and a gift . 
  we greedy bastards . 
  `` exact '' i think you need a dictionary, 
  why do you keep spreading these myths ? 
  if all these big companies want out in case of insependence , how come amazon has build a delivery hub last year and why did vw build new facilities ? 
  ( i 'm forgetting a few other big companies , but the point stands ) in fact , i think the balance between companies established and companies moved out is more positive than madrid xd . 
  same thing was supposed to happen with brexit . 
  you know that wo n't happen . 
  erm , that consultation took place on the 9th , but you can go ahead and lie, 
  just been to liverpool . 
  fell in love with the total eclipse of the sun campaign . 
  felt moved by the unity of the city against the s * n. 
  eh , i hate to enter in these pointless discussions , but all you really need to rebel is vocal chords and hands to grab a club or something . 
  hell , you only need one of those things . 
  annyway , that 's not going to happen . 
  good god , what he said is historically accurate . 
  do you want to give history the middle finger so no-one feels `` downplayed '' ? 
  go look it up anywhere , valencia was settled , just like the balearics , by catalans , although some aragonese did settle those lands ( not the islands afaik ) , albeit in a lesser degree . 
  mate my whole `` possessive rant '' came about because of his use of `` having a say '' . 
  i thought he was saying that spaniards should be able to effectively have a say ( he 's now explained that was n't what he meant ) , to which i replied like that . 
  it 's not possessive as a spaniard to think catalonia is part of his land , his people and his nation . 
  i never meant that . 
  it is , however , possessive if that spaniard thinks he 's got something to say besides `` please do n't go , i 'd be very upset if that were to happen '' in that he can decide for us . 
  very simple . 
  that 's why i said considering girona as part of my country is n't possessive since girona is part of my country because they want to . 
  because no-one is not respecting a spaniard for feeling that way , but rather for opposing to a referendum . 
  valencians do speak catalan but they are n't catalan . 
  there 's a kind of nation that the people from catalan speaking regions share , we do n't have the same identical identity . 
  think of the `` cetic nation '' and the cultural similarities between scots , irish , manx , etc. 
  probably one step farther . 
  in other words , by saying that valencians , and balearics are catalans you will upset more people than not . 
  that feeling is n't shared with north-catalonia and the bit in aragon that speaks catalan , they do n't mind from experience . 
  it 's not possessive at all because i 'd let girona have a referendum to decide whatever they want to be . 
  the whole point is that girona wants to take part into this idea called `` catalonia '' . 
  ah ... this thread was being the nice exception to the rule of shitshows regarding catalonia , then i get your classic `` quit your bullshit '' . 
  you know how this sub works with the uk-scotland-eu trinity . 
  well , you know how this sub works with the uk , pay no mind or you 'll go insane . 
  taking a side is n't rude by all means as long as you 're aware of your `` position '' as a brit . 
  i as a catalan , despise trump and would 've voted clinton , but i wo n't be going about believing my opinion has any weight . 
  you 're free to take a side , really . 
  it is good to have opinions about everything . 
  anyway , as i always tell the foreigners in these threads , you can support the option that has nothing to do with feelings and is applicable to all countries and peoples on earth , support a referendum and everyone is happy , 
  edit : we 're having the most civil discussion in years and you people ( not you areshian , i 'm sure ) still flair-downvoting . 
  must be the habit . 
  indeed . 
  it appears it tends to grow , i remember checking that number a few years back and it was depressingly low . 
  the problem here is a different one . 
  the is no chance in a million years that psoe , cs or pp start supporting a referendum . 
  perhaps some voters from psoe support one and , who knows , maybe even some voters from pp and cs support one . 
  as things stand , though , they wo n't give up their vote on those parties just because they do n't support a referendum . 
  at the end of the day , the referendum is n't anywhere close to the first place in the priorities list of all the spaniards ; it is totally normal that they keep voting either of this parties whilst giving up on the referendum . 
  another thing to consider , following this note , is that the only party that supports it is podemos , so in order to translate your support for a referendum into the parliament , you should vote podemos , and that rules out basically all the right-wing and centirsts sympathisers of spain , regardless of their possible support for a referendum . 
  is n't that a bit possessive and submissive ? 
  their idea of spain you 're picturing clearly lives on the subjugation of catalonia . 
  i understand the sentimental attachment they may feel , but that does n't make for legitimate grounds to have an effective say on the issue . 
  during the scottish referendum i saw a lot of brits showing a lot of concern , albeit from afar . 
  you kept your distance , as you lot knew from the very start that it was all up to the scots , and your involvement was reduced to trying to friendly persuade them . 
  that 's what we 're asking . 
  we do n't want the spaniards to reluctantly give their back on us and forcefully be taken out of the picture . 
  the greatest show of affection is granting us a referendum whereby they lend us some trust . 
  if they want to get involved in a positive way ( for both , but especially for that idea of a united spain ) , they should try to persuade us too ; to show affection , to respect us as people and our right to pursue our future ; to not make an inescapable dungeon out of spain , but rather a place which you can leave at any moment but ca n't find any reasons to . 
  any sort of involvement different from that , i.e use of force ; prohibition to vote ; a state-wide , meaningless vote on independence , would actually be shooting themselves on the food and would actually fade that idea of spain they 're trying to keep together even more , because we catalans wo n't have any of it . 
  lol , with a tear streaming down your cheek . 
   there are millions in spain that would agree to a referendum and do not agree how the central government handles the situation . 
  yes , there are many spaniards that support a referendum and respect catalonia as a nation and whatnot . 
  the truth is that the figure is actually too low to ever translate into parliament and the constitutional change required to hold it . 
  for example , in this two links i found with a quick google search , the figure does n't go higher than 45 % , while explicit opposition is above 50 % . 
  http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20161219/412729479551/espanoles-referendum-catalunya.html http://metroscopia.org/referendum-sobre-cataluna-cual/ the actual figure may be even lower if they had counted the opinion of the catalans in this spanish whole , because then the 70-80 % of support would skew it vastly . 
  if the population of catalonia is indeed included in the polling , then the actual support from the rest of spain hovers over 25 % or so . 
  well , either way it 's better than nothing , but any of those numbers help us too much for the time being, 
  dang it , i see what you did there . 
  assemble millions on the streets yearly and you 'll have my support . 
  hell , assemble thousands and you 'll still have my support . 
  it was very good indeed . 
  both had tons of data to back their opinions and it was very civil and polite . 
  we should have more of these instead of the shitfests that resemble bar counters . 
  it was . 
  heard so somewhere over / r/food, 
   disputes within the parties driving the secession process , along with upcoming trials of a number of some of their leaders , are undermining morale among wide sections of the catalan electorate . 
  we do n't need a referendum anymore because it appears someone has a crystal ball in their hands . 
  lucky you , you could 've said that some years early and we 'd be done with it by now . 
  if we 're talking shit about el pa\u00eds , is because they 're going down the drain . 
  in this thread you can see the problems with this article alone , and if you want something non-independence related , you just have to take a look at the coverage of psoe 's primaries , which was absolutely disgraceful . 
  fuck him , such a great day to be a culer . 
  hope he stays for a long time in jail and takes his filthy hands off the club, 
  it is indeed , but in the light of these events , all tv shows become brief news broadcast to inform the public . 
  at least in spain is common practice to notify the audience of such an event or event cut the transmission to connect with the actual breaking news . 
  your job momentarily becomes that of a news reporter , and you just ca n't pull this kind of shit . 
  good lord . 
  you , rainymeadows and veracius are the spanish holy trinity of this subreddit , thanks for existing . 
  it is perfectely reaosnable to wonder whether the bombs went off in the stadium of two of the most important football clubs in the world . 
  what followed * after * is disgrafecul however you look at it . 
  it 's not controversial because it is clear-cut tastelessness , which has no place when reporting a terrorist attack . 
  imagine bbc pulling this shit , the journalist would 've been lynch by his co-workers by now .
