  yeah , i 'm 50 % sweat during summer, 
  erm , is n't lord buckethead 's duty blocking off a path ? 
  why would may be be blocking the path to brexit when she 's the politician that desires it most ? 
  who is she blocking it from ? 
  in case may is going towards that cliff and happens to cut off one of her legs , the whole comparison with monty python 's dark knight is absolutely misguided . 
  god , what a lazy drawing . 
  no matter how shitty ( self-explanatory , thank god there 's uk flag , or else i 'd assume they were talking about may , the vietnamese k-pop singer ) or pointless ( it makes no sense at all , other than vaguely resembling a monty python passage ) they are , cartoons + uk bashing are the way to karma . 
  ca n't tell if serious anymore . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  we do n't need a referendum because we have polls . 
  good god . 
  it gets more ridiculous by the second . 
  i see , no worries, 
  in other words , psoe have never defended an independence referendum which is what we started discussing . 
  he has only defended a bunch of ambiguos proposals with no actual depth . 
  that does n't make sense at all . 
  we need a referendum to see independence 's support 2nd `` maybe you should gather a 2/3 support for independence in catalonia then you 'll see that threshold `` fulfilled '' in the senate . '', 
  what ? 
  even if catalonia had a 66 % support for independence , pp would still have absolute majority anyway in the senate . 
  i think most of our senate representatives are already from independence parties . 
  which is what the people of catalonia has overwhelmingly agreed on , lol . 
  but the reason he was defendestrated is that he dared negotiating with the nationalist parties . 
  he never defended a referendum , but still tried to get their vote . 
  when you get home try to get me that link , because that looks as real as pigs flying . 
  can you explain me why is it okay to be in one country with 51 % of the population against it , whereas it 's wrong to make a new country with 51 % in favour ? 
   cause pedro s\u00e1nchez is not psoe cause see would have lost all the supports . 
  and it happened anyways . 
  i do n't understand . 
  and this applied to catalonia 's referendum how ? 
  the right of self-determination is for regions that want to self-determinate their future . 
  also :  not for rich regions that do n't want to redistribute wealth . 
  read up a bit . 
  no it does n't , relevant username . 
  erm any mature society should be able to win that referendum . 
  no need to apologize, 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  the spanish government averages one attempt per term to abolish catalan as the language to educate the children ... 
  i suggest you look up one of the 300 threads on `` why does catalonia want independence '' ... 
  i 'm too tired to write the wall of text all over again ... 
  but a 60 % support does n't mean a 60 % in seats . 
  i am afraid people wo n't give up on their parties to support a referendum . 
  as of now , the only party that gives support is podemos , and i ca n't see whatever pro-refrendum voters from pp , c 's or even psoe voting them . 
  i ca n't see either people puting the defense of a refrendum that far up in their priorities list . 
  what i mean is that unless the political parties in spain change , the social support means very little . 
  lmao , can you link me one of these multiple interviews ? 
  if that were true , he 'd gotten support from the nationalist parties ( catalan and basque ) as well as podemos and he 'd been able to form a government during that last year hung parliament . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  catalan parties only had one demand in order to vote for sanchez , which was the referendum . 
  now you 're telling me we could 've gotten a referendum and avoided 4 more years of pp . 
  how dumb we are . 
  the definition of a country in law is this one . 
  in order to be a country you need a territory , a people living within it , and sovereignty over it . 
  catalonia has fulfilled these requirements during different parts of history . 
   that way they can claim that aragon was a catalan state - something that was never the case . 
  you 've got to love it . 
  you 've got to love all these claims on catalan education coming from people who 've never stepped on a catalan classroom or even catalan soil . 
  the crown of aragon is only a name . 
  it was formed by the kingdom of valencia , the catalan counties , the kingdom of aragon , kindom of sicily , etc. 
  it 's literally the dinastic union between the kingdom of aragon and the catalan counties , which took after the name of aragon for some irrelevant reason . 
  all kingdoms and entities had their own courts . 
  this is what it 's taught in catalonia . 
  and well , the catalonian counties were indeed more important than the kingdom of aragon . 
  barcelona was the most important city of the crown , until valencia claimed that , they conquered and settled the islands , they conquered and mostly settled valencia ... 
  if anything , the name crown of aragon downplays the role of catalonia during that era , which is something that , if you know nothing about tha history of that period , you could easily believe . 
  i 've seen so many spaniards saying exactly this  if aragon had been only a subservient province of catalonia . 
  except the opposite , which is terribly false . 
  you somehow do n't seem to be too upset about that . 
  yep , same here . 
  except spanish father ( now self-declared catalan through and through ) and a catalan mother . 
  well , not really . 
  you do n't need to rewrite the whole constitution to grant a referendum . 
  you only need to modify some articles . 
  that is the actual figure . 
  well , maybe it has changed , but last time i checked it was around that , and it was a historical peak . 
  it baffles me spaniards in this thread thinking a 2/3 majority in congress and in the senate ( in which pp holds an absolute majority ) is remotely possible . 
  how can you know that little about your own politics or be that blind . 
  exactly , 50 % +1 of the census and you 're good to go . 
  even if no no-voter shows up . 
  nowadays ? 
  when have they in favour of a referendum ? 
  i see , companies have no fear of an udi . 
  i see , a place no one is willing to touch ; being the corridor of the iberian peninsula to europe , being one of the most industrialized regions in europe . 
  okay . 
  if europe is willing to go through all that self-harm ( yes , by giving catalonia that treatment you are shooting yourself on the foot . 
  you are fucking catalonia to the bone , but you 're harming yourself too ) just to please spain 's bitter nationalistic demands , i do n't really know if i want to be part of such a project . 
  my perspective is that that is just fearmongering . 
  national and international companies have been investing during all these years of independence talks . 
  and they 'll keep investing . 
  they like money , they do n't care whose flag the money is under . 
  what he said that la caixa will move has little chance to happen . 
  the director or whoever is in charge only said so because la caixa has tight relations with the big spanish powers , that 's it . 
  would you attempt to tell me why that 2/3 threshold has n't been fulfilled yet ? 
  you keep saying we antagonize instead of seeking support , which is why , i assume , we have n't had it much better . 
  that is totally false and if you actually think a legal referendum was once possible , but we just blew it , there 's not much to discuss . 
  i am quite bewildered . 
  if only reddit users were allowed to vote in the spanish elections , pehaps we 'd reach the 2/3 threshold . 
  truth is support for a referendum is n't even above 50 % and , even if it were , that would n't translate into seats since only a `` far-left '' party actually supports that . 
  no one chooses their party based on their stance on the referendum . 
  i can fathom a pp voter being pro-referendum and i ca n't fathom even less that voter voting podemos ( the only party supporting a referendum ) only because of that . 
  a legal referendum in catalonia is absolutely impossible for at least 15 years .
