  since the dawn of time mankind has worked from a male standpoint . 
  no wonder you consider these legal changes as a threat rather than a solution . 
  this myth refutation just ignores the problem rather than adressing and refuting it . 
  of course a female ceo will earn as much as a male ceo , and a woman janitor will earn as much as a male janitor . 
  the problem lies in the number of female and male ceos . 
  same thing with politics . 
  there is no law that prevents women from doing politics , yet there are much more male politicians in positions of power . 
   for a potential employer a woman dropping out for a few months is not as big of a problem as that women being gone for years or just stopping to work completely how come ? 
  if a woman employee leaves for years or stops working completely you can not only replace her , but do so without compensation . 
  a woman leaving for some months , granted by law , while still receiving salary is terrible for the employer , as they ca n't replace her and have to keep paying her in exchange of no work . 
   discrimination at the expense of men is acceptable . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that this lack of discrimination harms women . 
  while the existance of this discrimination barely affects , if at all , men . 
   pregnancy and work is not so much a question of adequate legal protection but one of adequate public childcare agree and disagree . 
  your brought a good point which i agree with , but legal protection must prevail too . 
  `` positive discrimination '' is a normal and widely used concept . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at . 
   biggest lie that somehow people got suckered into buying . 
  what right does anyone have to counterbalance social issues with legal measures and how come that only happens when it 's convenient to the agenda proposed by democrats ? 
  how about going into the issues of the people you keep depending and making laws based on it to enforce their behaviour ? 
  if you refuse to acknowledge milleniums of male superiority in all aspects of life , there is little discussion to be made . 
   so anecdotal bullshit is ok as long as you 're providing it ? 
  please . 
  it 's as meaningless as yours . 
  it just absolutely neglects whatever point you were trying to draw . 
  also , i do n't give half a shit about democrats or republicans . 
  i do n't know what that was about . 
   you 're a guy so if you divorce for an ambiguous reason , you do not receive [ equal ] custody of your child - at least in the us . 
  as soon as the idea of happy family which has thrived in the us is `` man is the breadwinner in the house and woman takes care of it '' it shall be this way . 
  we need legal action to counterbalance the social inequality that has build upon the centuries . 
  what is the divorced woman supposed to do if she has n't worked ( in a job , that is ) in years , and now she has to live on her own , supporting children ? 
  you seem su unhappy about the legal status , yet you do n't complain at all about the social problem that triggers this legal response . 
  besides that , you only provided a bunch of anecdotal bullshit . 
   if you go out with a girl and everything seems great , if she calls you a rapist the next day and files a complaint against you with the police good luck getting a job , staying in the same community or having a life anymore - at least in the us . 
  you say that as though that thing happens all the time and is common practice . 
  ironically , i 'm pretty sure the number of sexual assault complaints ruled out as fake by the police is much higher than the number of fake complaints ruled as true . 
  sometimes saying `` you are not what we 're looking for '' or `` we have found someone better '' is much harder than saying `` this law forces us to hire that other girl . 
  it 's not you , it 's the law . 
  had it been for us , you 'd be hired '' . 
  the existance of legal positive discrimination towards woman is just a recent , insuficient response to the centuries of legislation and social construction that has leaned towards men 's privilege ( i really wanted to avoid this word because of memes , but could n't find a replacement ) . 
  if there are laws that put woman in a better position than men , whatever that means , is to offset a historical , social and legal bias towards men . 
  also , the very nature of the female genre cries for a bundle of different , additional rights from men . 
  imagine being let go because the employer finds out , or assumes , that you want to have a baby . 
  do n't we need legislation to avoid that ? 
  the problem is , as i 've said , that we have always legislated from a male standpoint . 
  we have never bothered to cater to their needs . 
  now that we finally start moving in that direction , people like you call it out in the name of inequality . 
   because if you have a man and an equally qualified woman you have to choose her . 
  come on . 
  on paper , as in in the constitution , none . 
  in `` real life '' women have it much worse than men . 
  the wage gap is a quick example . 
  another one would be the trouble women between their 30 's and their 40 's have to find a job because employers are afraid of them having kids . 
  if you are a woman seeking for a job in your 30 's , you are pretty much fucked . 
  every employer will choose the man over the woman to avoid running the risk of having to pay a maternity leave . 
  that could be easily solved with legislation . 
  i do n't know which nordic , or northern , european country had made compulsory maternity/paternity leaves for both parts of the couple . 
  that 's the way to go . 
  anyway , people here have a strong fetish for law . 
  law not always guarantees social justice . 
  besides , the `` law '' that deffends genre equality usually goes in the form of `` constitutional rights '' , or similar . 
  `` all people in this nation must be trated equally , regardless of race , genre , sexuality , religion , etc. '', 
  what values does that have ? 
  are you that naive to think that statement grants social justice by itself ? 
   i wanted op to react and see that men are more disadvantaged than women in the west . 
  good lord the delusion, 
  it is a bold prejudice considering lebanon 's society is very moderate . 
  it is a bold prejudice because you assume lebanon is in the same sphere as , say , saudi arabia , just because it 's in the middle east , arabic is spoken and islam is the most popular religion . 
  you should travel a bit . 
  that being said , i do n't think the map is too accurate either , but for different reasons . 
  ah yes i was talking about last month then . 
  did n't know a new poll came out . 
  it was n't 39 % , either . 
  true , i was talking about last month then . 
  my bad . 
  a fellow rubinenc !, 
  you 're probably from a country with a diferent juridic tradition , but in spain if the law says a giraffe is a donkey , then the judge says a giraffe is a donkey . 
  france has the same type of law so ... 
  this poll is oudated . 
  the no is around 39 % . 
  and the yes has never been 56-60 % . 
  the hell ? 
  now we do n't care about the law anymore ? 
  it 's majorly neglected when the eu has said the `` corredor mediterraneo '' is of vital importance , several times , and the fucking government not just ignores it , but contradicts it . 
  they want to make a fucking hole through the pyrinees so it goes to madrid . 
  the eastern coast of spain holds a shit ton . 
  it starts with algeciras being the most important port in spain and maybe southern europe , going through spain 's second most important port , valencia . 
  they 're not building anything ( if they are , source please ) . 
  they are undermining a much needed project for the sake of madrid . 
  making it go through madrid is more expensive in the short run ( piercing the pyrinees is mentally pharaonical ) and in the long run , for the reasons listed . 
  economically and industrially speaking it is beyond moronic to make it go through madrid . 
  and as for air travel , the decisions are made by the companies , but the government ( s ) play a major role . 
  a couple years ago we made deal with some air company tahnks to the catalan government , which directly negotiated with them . 
  if the airports worked 100 % to the will of the market , then how come barcelona is that far behind to madrid having the same amount of passangers ( in the last years it 's got more ) ? 
  ninjaedit : i 've just learned the difference between non-stop and direct fly . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , i only care for non-stop flights . 
  we have a shit deal of those . 
  what 's so direct about hving to go to a different city , losing a hell lot of time ? 
  they made a self-determination referendum in 1962 , while being part of france in the same way catalonia is part of spain .
