  now , want to get from zamora , murcia or toledo to madrid by train ? 
  easily , in a couple hours . 
  and these are just a few examples . 
  saying catalonia is centralistic just because we happen to have a massively dense metropolitan barcelona is moronic . 
  yes , we are special kids that ca n't look beyond our belly button for asking the government to give us our own money . 
  some people still do n't understand we have no control over our money . 
  we give it all to the central government and then they redistribute it as they please . 
  we have shitty infrastructure that needs urgent funding . 
  we are not asking for loans or anything similar . 
  okay so votes against independence must have more power over votes for independence because of ... ? 
  divine intervention ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't fucking understand why every country that has held an independence referendum has followed simple rules and when it comes to catalonia you put a new set of rules . 
  independence referendum : participation does n't matter ( voting is a right , not a duty . 
  not voting shows a lack of interest and it basically means you do n't care enough ) and you only need to have more yes votes than no 's . 
  that 's it , stop twisting it . 
  both options must be treated equally . 
  what you are saying is : `` there has been a 55 % support for independence , while only 45 % said no . 
  not even half of this region wants to stay in this country yet , because we arbitrarily said we needed a 60 % support for yes to win , because fuck them , they will eat a thick one . '', 
   but even today in catalonia independentism is falling according to official catalan polls done by the generalitat itself . 
  polls have consistently shown a raise in independentism support and a decrease in opposition against independence . 
  the latest poll , in fact , has shown the biggest support for independence in history ( 47 % or so ) and the smallest opposition to independence in history ( only 39 % ~ of people oppose independence ) . 
  then there is an 11 % that does n't have a say or does n't know yet . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  you say the same shit in every goddamn useless thread ( useless , because this should n't be news . 
  in catalonia this is n't news , yet here it looks as though it 's breaking news and an independence referendum is imminent . ), 
  about catalonia , and it 's debunked every single time . 
  what about algeria ? 
  edit : algeria was n't a colony . 
  it was part of france just like toulouse is . 
  not really like that . 
  i 'd say anyone that supports the right of the scottish people to be whatever the fuck they want to be , while telling us catalans to fuck off and eat a fat one , is a biased hypocrite . 
  good thing i stopped caring about what this sub thinks long ago . 
  good thing there will be at least 5 ( off the top of my head ) channels that will broadcast it . 
  jesus christ , what a ridiculous comment . 
  if you want to see it , slect a random channel and you will most likely have it there . 
  if you do n't , then do n't . 
  literally advocating against tv pluralism for the sake of bashing catalan tv . 
  / u/carlespuigdemont no one cares . 
  not even in catalonia has this been significant news or anything . 
  i know you only want people to comment `` year 2457 : catalan leaders agree on a referendum for 2458 '' , or something like that . 
  it 's too sad that you believe we think that way , but i do n't care anymore at this point . 
  think what you want . 
  fuck history i guess then . 
  whatever ok i 'm indoctrinated . 
  perhaps one day i will reach the state of enlightentment and absolute truth you live in . 
  i guess the portuguese are also brainwashed to hell ... oh well . 
  so is the american guy in this thread who was taught wrongly in school . 
  how is it unfair ? 
  was a guy from zamora politically repressed ? 
  yes was a guy from barcelona politically repressed ? 
  yes . 
  now , was a guy from zamora linguistically , institutionally and , for instance , culturally repressed ? 
  no was a guy from barcelona '' '' '' '' ? 
  yes . 
  `` repression reached to many more aspects of someone 's life '' . 
  what do you understand from that ? 
  you thought i was saying catalans were more severely repressed , as in we were more harshly punished . 
  well , you need to improve your reading comprehension . 
  `` i only said that , in some other ones , the repression reached to many more aspects of someone 's life . '', 
  this means that a person from madrid will have less aspects of his life affected by repression ( those will be : ideology , political leaning ... ) than a catalan , whose very native tongue will be forbidden from being used in school or in the administration . 
  did the people of c\u00e1diz suffered from linguistic repression ? 
  well , then , repression in andalusia reached to , at least , one less part of someone 's life . 
  exactly , which is another problem itself , the fact that this is not an institutional thing , but it 's also backed by a lot of people . 
  i 'm also for that , until then , independence all the way . 
   before the origin of nationalism . 
  so , when was nationalism invented or founded ? 
  that war is easy to explain and understand . 
  back in 1640 , differences between castille and the other peoples within spain were much bigger than today . 
  people in catalonia did n't speak spanish , and considered the castillians foreigners , basically . 
  the king of spain forced some catalan farmers to host * and * feed castillian troops . 
  it 's just as if a russian town is flooded with , say , indian troops , to whom they ca n't barely communicate , against their will , and they have to give him a bed and feed him ( we have to bear in mind how hard was feeding an extra stomach back then , as well ) . 
  i think a war for national freedom is an accurate way of putting it . 
  the catalans are being forced to host foreign troops , against their will , to whom they have no ties . 
  was n't the independence of portugal at the same time the result of a national struggle ? 
  if not , what was it ? 
  some technocrats deemed , non-nationalistically , that a bunch of towns and regions that , non-nationalistically , shared a set of characteristics would be better of as a sovereign entity ? 
  exactly . 
  the problem being that it does n't act as one . 
  actually , they do n't . 
  i 'm tired of your lack of reading comprehension . 
  i know you 're all for our languages preservation . 
  i think it 's not the we 're exaggerating , i think you 're downplaying it , even . 
  you ban a language from being taught , from being used in any official procedure , from being any important . 
  that language becomes a curiosity , a folkloric thing ; something you tie with your culture but look from afar . 
  that 's the state of languages like irish , socttish , asturian ... they may be official now but the damage is done . 
  forbidding catalan from being taught or being used for anything official/important is just about a little less lethal for the language than shooting everyone that speaks it or uses it . 
   but they absolutely do n't just make shit up out of thin air . 
  you literally made that claim ... 
  i 'd never imagined you were a revissionist . 
  our literature from the 40 's until the 70 's is garbage compared to what we had been producing for a reason . 
  now that 's just moronic . 
  all of spain was repressed equally when it comes to ideology and stance regarding the regime . 
  now , as i said , some regions of spain due to their culture were also repressed for it . 
  i 've never claimed otherwise , but whatever , nor have i claimed to be the only target of spanish fascism ( what was this for , lol ) . 
  i just called you out on your effort to portray it all as if all regions of spain were repressed equally which is historically not true . 
  hell , you have institutional repression in catalonia and the basque country the moment you consider all catalan and basque institutions were banned . 
  i never claimed there were spanish regions which were exempt from repression . 
  i only said that , in some other ones , the repression reached to many more aspects of someone 's life . 
   it seems for many independentist that they were the only repressed what ?
