   is it a trend ? 
  yes , yes it is . 
  take a look of a world map in the 1900 's ( or the 1950 's , for that matter ) , count the countries and compare it to a current one . 
  there has never been more sovereignly recognized countries in the world . 
  and yes , smaller countries also do tend to do better than bigger ones , at least in europe . 
  people live pretty well in countries like the netherlands , denmark , austria , ireland , czech republic , slovenia , estonia , belgium , latvia , etc. . what 's wrong with being irrelevant ? 
  `` oh wow my country is not in the g-20 table , what a failure !, 
  we do n't get to rule the world ! '', 
  who cares ? 
  i * want * to be irrelevant . 
  all attemps at building bigger and `` therefore stronger '' countries have failed . 
  see : any empire ever and the ussr . 
  i can only think of the usa as an outlier , but it 's understandable when you take a look at their history . 
  the smaller the state , the more cohesive it is , the better democracy works . 
  democracy becomes more representative and the people gets to be more listened . 
  imagine there is a united states of europe . 
  we catalans , believe things should be done x way , yet everybody else thinks otherwise . 
  we have 7 milion people against 500m . 
  we are not going to be heard . 
  our claims will be unheeded . 
  smaller countries , in europe , have proven to be democratically better and more efficient ( bar belgium ) . 
  what i do n't understand is what 's wrong with separating . 
  in my opinion it is much better than trying to forcely put everyone in the same basket . 
  they 'd probably go talk with madrid and tell them `` the people of catalonia have spoken , you can either democratically accept the results and cooperate so both countries suffer the least , or we do it without you anyway however painful it is '' . 
  the spanish government would say `` no way '' . 
  then we would stop paying taxes and the like and they , trying to be as realistic as possible , would go mental and do something like sending the army or ( most likely ) cut all fundings and finantially choke us or something like that . 
  if pp stays in power , they would abolish our autonomy the second we went too far , which would cause a massive outrage within the population and , if we carried on regardless , those maniacs would probably send in the troops . 
  i think the army thing is plausible only with pp in the office because they are insane . 
  so , short answer : no , there is no solid plan . 
  we do n't know how the spanish government will react and what they will do within the next year . 
  look : 1 - you say our government is making all this up and everything is a smokescreen . 
  2 - said government is supported by a huge part of the independentist population , ordinary people . 
  3 - if an outsider like you can so easily see how manipulative and evil our government is , then how come we ca n't see it ourselves ? 
  4-conclusion , which is what you 're getting at the whole time : these hundreds of thousands of people are being fooled by the government - they are * fools * - that is , idiots . 
  hell , i myself am a fool . 
  too stupid to see the truth hidden from me . 
  ( says the guys whose news from catalonia all come from spanish media , where we are constantly portrayed as sheep and we are called totalitarians and the like . 
  what a surprise it is that you think we , indeed , lack self-reasoning . ), 
  your whole speech is based on how ignorant and blind we are to not see what 's really going on . 
  this is not the first time you straight up call me a retard either , which is also not nice . 
  keep the fraternity going , fellow spaniard . 
  also , the `` it 's literally what you wrote '' is a direct reference to my first comment where i simply quoted you saying the exact same thing as the other guy . 
  it 's literally what you wrote ... 
  / u/gloomyskies :  i find that argument very demeaning , suggesting how millions of catalan citizens have been somehow tricked and dragged by artur mas and converg\u00e8ncia ( ?!?! ), 
  and this whole thing is just a ruse to cling to a governmental position for a few more years . 
  - / u/hohenes :  what i said is that your government is taking advantage of the desire of some of you to become independent , to just make up a bullshit drama that not just wo n't get you to independence at all but it 's just a fucking smokescreen to hide their own shitty rule ... which is really , really bad . 
  i fail to see the difference . 
  this is not the first time , and certainly wo n't be the last one , that you suggest a low intellectual level from the independence supporters . 
  we retards ca n't see they are using * us * !, 
  oh , how retarded we are ... we 've had that argument of `` ours '' so many times and you always end up calling us irrational beings and the like . 
  not nice . 
  no problem !, 
  catalonia made a declaration of independence within a republic of federal republics of spain , or something like that . 
  we did n't declare independence in the american way . 
  also , the basques could n't / did n't do that because they did n't have their own autonomy yet , and it was much harder to organise such thing i imagine . 
  you can do whatever you want, 
  fair enough, 
  well , what 's in the electoral program not always matches what the politicians openly say . 
  i certainly remember rivera stating that and i also remember the reaction from some basque parties and organisations . 
   already back in february , in their agreement with sanchez , they made it clear that , although they 'd like to have the same fiscal system throughout all of spain , with all regions getting tax collecting powers , they saw it as a long-term goal , to be reached by consensus and subordinated to eu-wide tax harmonisation [ 2 ] ( which is essentially the same as giving it up altogether ... ) when you `` give it up altogether '' in a place where only a couple of region havethat something to give up , you are not giving anything up `` altogether '' , you are simply abolishing that thing . 
  is n't this what the discussion was about ? 
  the article says that , should c 's have their way , the fiscal privileges would be abolished overnight . 
  the thing is that they do n't have enough support to do it at the moment and they say this is a long term plan . 
  at no point have they renounced to that `` ambition '' ( literally from the article . 
  for them abolishing the basque treatement is an ambition and an objective embeded to the parties core ideology . ), 
  it 's a shame that you picked such a funny and unique username to troll . 
  you should follow in the footsteps of that guy who always had `` marc _ '' and a two digit number , if it is n't you already since it 's been some time since i do n't see him . 
  so what ? 
  pick up a dictionary for once . 
  i 'll do it for you  pa\u00eds 2 . m territorio , con caracter\u00edsticas geogr\u00e1ficas y culturales propias , que puede constituir una entidad pol\u00edtica dentro de un estado . 
  http://dle.rae.es/?id=rt371rt hell , it 's `` basque ** country ** '' for a reason . 
  and there has not been a bilateral relation since the xiii century because it was annexed by castille , lol . 
  besides , why ca n't there be one now ? 
  haha hey look at you !, 
  you are also indoctrinated !, 
  * one of us , one of us *, 
   c 's no longer campaigns to abolish those basque and navarrese tax privileges , when has this happened ? 
  as far as i remeber , during these last general elections they were clearly sided towards abolition . 
  if they , during the euskadi electoral campaign , have said they wo n't touch anything now , everyone knows they are taking the piss . 
  that has to be the main reason c 's has got 0 seats , really . 
  they basically gave up in euskadi so they could try to win some votes in the rest of spain with that proposal . 
  exactly this . 
  ciudadanos harvest votes from the most spanish feeling regions . 
  their programme consist of `` let 's abolish basque 's fiscal privileges '' , `` let 's abolish the catalan educative system '' , `` let 's make galizian a non-official language in asturias '' ... * of course they wo n't vote for you * they basically want spain to become france , and obviously that wo n't work out for them in these regions afected . 
  and before anyone comes hurr durr in catalonia c 's was the second force in the last autonomic elections ... c 's got that result because the election were seen as a plebiscit even by those who denied it was . 
  most spanish nationalists voted for the most extreme position in the matter which was c 's , more so than pp , even . 
  in the general elections we could see that all these votes to c 's quickly shifted to podemos once the independence thing was off the table . 
  definitely catalonia though the basque one is far from dead and if the major parties in spain keep threatening to abolish their fiscal privileges , it will only raise . 
  every dictionary out there says otherwise ... god this argument is wearysome ... 
  they even made the sky bluer !, 
  damn these rumanians , when they get to work there 's no stopping them . 
  jokes aside , this has to be wonderful for the people living there . 
  i would n't expect anything less than 3 suicides a week in the 2009 photo . 
  it 's not an easy task wearing off the sadness and dullness of a commie block ; i think this is as good as it gets . 
  merci !, 
  fair enough . 
  i 'll try to look up the sources when i get home . 
  i understand your point but i do n't really think it 's smart to ignore the huge cancer to focus on the middled size one . 
  it 's not relevant , i 'm just curious . 
  you being equal as the rest or not is not something i decide .
