  shit 's getting so scary ... 
  spanish church has a disgustingly strong influence politics . 
  it is . 
  the thing is that the legislative power should stay as away as possible from the juridical . 
  and you ca n't guarantee that having a former party militant on it . 
  which right are you talking about ? 
  i 'm just saying that in a football game a refree who is declared himself to be a chelsea fan , can not do his job in any of chelsea 's matches . 
  it 's all about partiality . 
  you ca n't be a good refree if your team is playing that match . 
  well you described exactly my case . 
  during the xx century there were massive migrations from the south to the industrialized areas such as catalonia , madrid and the basque country . 
  over 20 % of the catalan population were immigrants . 
  my father is from andalucia , he came here when he was 15 with his fathers and grandfathers . 
  now , my aunt , my parents , and pretty much everyone of my family are pro-independance , despite the fact that half of our family lives in andalusia because they did n't decide to move . 
  the thing is that this family will never break regardless whether we are catalans ( independents ) or spanish . 
  we 'll be able to visit them as much as we do now , and so will they . 
  these people have been divided since ever . 
  most of the pro-independence catalans have never felt unioned so there 's not much of an actual division other than the jursidictial . 
  i apologize for my spelling , i know it 's awful, 
  ahh , democracy, 
  just anwser it i do n't know what to read . 
  i coul link you 100 cities as well i do n't get the point . 
  do people go to madrid because of tourism ? 
  ( maybe , but barcelona is visited a lot more by tourists ) is it for business ? 
  ( probably because it 's the only option left but i do n't think there is much of a difference between barcelona and madrid in that aspect as well ) . 
  the thing is that you are justifying and deffending the fact that while cities like marseille or edimburgh have its direct flights to the rest of the world , barcelona does n't . 
  you justify that if i want to go by train to valencia from barcelona i have to pass though madrid . 
  that 's what i do n't get from you . 
  what should be a 350 km travel becomes a 1000km one . 
  i said before the ny-bcn flight could be the only exception and the barcelona airport got this route after lots of negotations . 
  and why would people go to madrid ? 
  aaaand now it is when i show you even more photos of neo-nazis burning senyeres and estelades but i wo n't even bother . 
  also , we suddenly stopped talking about football here , so this videos are entirely directed to politics . 
  lots of uk flags where burnt by the americans and the irish back in the day so well , that does n't mean too much of a concern too me . 
  you do n't know what centralized means or what ? 
  you can have a country where its parts have fully autonomy but if everything ( trains , highways , planes ) goes to the capital and is set to the capital it 's still centralized . 
  quite easy to explain . 
  you go to camp nou stadium with real madrid 's shirt just to provoke bar\u00e7a 's fans ( as you can see by his facial expressions , he is more than happy to be shouted at ) . 
  i am pretty sure as well this match was n't any cl\u00e1sico because then he 'd have the right to wear that shit and no one would say a word . 
  and it is soooo funny because that video only shows `` puta real madrid chants '' which got nothing to do with spain or politics . 
  i 've heard madrile\u00f1os , valencian , british , germans , italians and many more shouting `` puta real madrid '' , because it is football . 
  seriously i do n't get the point of the video and its relation with the subject . 
  well i screwed up but i think that is an exception , i mean that 's probably the only intercontinental route barcelona has . 
  maybe one or 2 more . 
  but as / u/dzukian commented , there are flights from boston to marseille and edimburgh , for example , and none to barcelona . 
  https://twitter.com/search?q=putos%20espa%c3%b1oles&amp;src=typd i 've seen 1 insult and it comes from a south-american so i do n't see your point . 
  and no , most are n't about football , wtf . 
  edit : funny , enough . 
  i 've looked into more comments in the `` putos espa\u00f1oles '' search and you can actually even more offenses towards the catalans , lol, 
  while bilbao ca n't communicate with bcn or madrid by train , cuenca has its station ready to transport those 16 annual passengers !, 
  industry in catalonia was quite developed before franco 's arrival . 
  in fact catalonia , the basque country and madrid were the only industrialised areas in the 1900 's . 
  the rest of the country was 100 % rural ... 
  what the fuck ? 
  that has never happened in my life . 
  to start with , if we see you only know spanish we communicate with spanish because we are not cunts . 
  i would say what happens is exactly the opposite . 
  we are a group of friends who everyone knows catalan but because one of them prefers speaking spanish we all switch to spanish , even though he knows catalan . 
  i go often to the camp nou and we do n't chant that ...  regarding the `` part of a nation that openly and acceptedly hated you '' ... 
  i do n't even know how to respond to that . 
  when has that happened ? 
  https://twitter.com/search?q=putos%20catalanes&amp;src=typd enjoy, 
  i 'm pretty sure you can do international flights to both france and the uk without having to go to the capitals . 
  same with train and highways . 
  you just have to look at the map , all goes to the center . 
  well madrid is richer because everything in spain is in madrid . 
  you want to directly travel to new york ? 
  only in barajas , even though barcelona is usually a more visited city . 
  you want to go from barcelona to sevilla with the high speed train ? 
  you 'll have to pass through madrid . 
  being the capital of the state is enough to become rich just by having all the governamental infraestructures and so . 
  spain is an incredibly centralized country . 
  there 's literally nothing in madrid geographically and `` historically '' talking . 
  it 's just a city the aristochracy chose suddenly in the xvii to become the capital . 
  now , eveverything has to be or pass through madrid . 
  we are not the center of the world , but it seems like you do n't know in which thread are you , lol . 
  the thread talks about catalonia , therefore i talk only about catalonia . 
  plus the numbers you have shown are quite small compared to what happened to the north-east of the peninsule . 
  how many times gijon has been bombed ? 
  during the 30 's barcelona received the glorious name of '' the city of the bombs '' , ha . 
  nazi air force bombed amd targeted a hospital ( among a lot more of civilian buildings such as schools ) where they killed half of my grandfather family while they were trying to escape to france . 
  you are trying to minimize everything that has happened here and you are really pissing me off . 
  there was genocide here , like with every civil war and every dictatorship . 
  if you think only one catalan died during the civil war or the dictatorships then you are so ignorant . 
  pointless to keep up with the discussion if one side of it has no idea what he is talking about . 
  plus , asturias ? 
  wtf ... 
  republican flag = / = comunist flag . 
  and save your hate . 
  you have no idea about catalan 's sentiments . 
  yes , he revoked it . 
  if a deputy talks in catalan , the president of the congress interrupts him and makes him shut up . 
  oh , my bad , i 'm stupid . 
  i 'm posting a lot in this thread and i am confusing some posts . 
  hmm yes and no . 
  ideally the referendum should be pacted between spain and catalonia , just like the uk and scotland did . 
  however we could argue that it is an entirely catalan affair , i mean , the catalan population votes wether they want to become an independent country or not , and if `` yes '' wins , spain has nothing to do but conceed . 
  you have to look and focus on the `` noody except catalonia has agreed to take place '' . 
  aside than the basque country is in favour , this tells the level of tolerance , respect , and democracy that spain has ,, 
  who else has to agree , though ?
