  had the us not gone batshit funding the talibans , they 'd died out eventually . 
  as far as i know , iran has never occupied a country in the last century , while the us has occupied - both directly and via proxy wars - several countries that have perished in millions ( in response to your `` thousands '' ) . 
  who cares ? 
  facts are facts . 
  every comment in this thread is pushing an agenda , are n't they ? 
   your firsrt paragraph is completely unnecessary and the only effect it could possible have is antagonize people . 
  you completely disregard the other side of the argument , and then you finish by calling the debate stupid . 
  yes , i see no reason why someone would downvote this post . 
  how the hell is my first paragraph unecessary and antagonizing ? 
   / u/samuel79s [ 1 ] is arguing the same thing as you , but actually listening to what / u/notaromanian [ 2 ] has to say and acknowledging the parts where he 's correct , like how the sentiment in the region is , indeed , to not get absorbed into catalan but actually have their own identity . 
  his comment when i commented was just `` too bad that la franja does n't actually speak catalan but what they call chapurriau . 
  i live there so i should know . '', 
  which is just incorrect ( and much more pretensious and `` antagonizing '' than my comment , btw ) and is the part i answered to . 
  the discussion was from the very start about linguistics , it has nothing to do with identities and feelings . 
  i did n't mean to offend anyone and i do n't really see how i come across in a bad manner . 
  what ? 
  from the institutions we are well aware that there exists a vast range of dialects which are all to be protected , i do n't know why you are syaing this . 
  if anything , the dialects of catalan have much more recognisition and power than the dialects of spanish within spain . 
  while we accept that the catalan from valencia is called and is valenci\u00e0 , the spanish spoken in the canarys is the same spanish that is spoken in extremadura . 
   hey are spanish nationalists who want to kill the language , no less !!!!, 
  well , kind of ... since these people are under aragonese legislation , which is a legislation that barely gives any attention to a language that is spoken a lot there ... you can only learn catalan as an optative subject , sort of as if it was a foreign language or something ( afaik ) . 
  of course there exists a standard catalan , just like there exists a standard language for all the languages in the world . 
  and the divide y venceras tactic is being used in every region outside catalonia where catalan is spoken ... see valencia with the relentless effort by pp & co to legally make it a distinct language ( despite the opposition of ... all the academics ) , or the balearics ... 
  i do n't know why my opinion is wrong while yours is n't , since we are stating the same . 
  thanks for the insult , appreciate it . 
  yes , it is known pp has absolute majority because millions of elders are manipulated . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that people actually legitimately vote for pp . 
  whatever . 
  as i said , fine by me . 
  they speak chapurriau there , great . 
  one more language that i speak - as i said , fantastic for my cv . 
  also , i advise you against having this kind of discussion with a linguist nor with someone that lives there . 
  what the hell ? 
  in the very link you shared it is stated castellano is the same language as espa\u00f1ol , lol . 
  castellano being the spanish spoken in spain , that 's it . 
  it 's as much spanish as what 's spoken in south-america , albeit different . 
  fucking hell hahaha 3/4 years i 've been here and this thing still comes up . 
  corona d'arag\u00f3 is just a name . 
  the reino de aragon was the result of the dinastic union between the kingdom of aragon and the county of barcelona , that 's it . 
  barcelona was the political center before valencia took over and catalan was the official laguage . 
  you are arguing over a name . 
  if anything , catalanaragonesa is more inclusive and precise considering both of the political entities that formed the union were equal . 
  umm i disagree . 
  in terms of verbs spanish has a wider variety . 
  there is a huge variety within south-america itself , let alone within the whole spanishphere ( ? ) . 
  in valencia they say pense , in menorca they say pens and in the south of france they say pensi , but the verb is the same . 
  in argentina they say `` coger '' , in mexico they say `` chingar '' and in spain we say `` follar '' ( i 'm not entirely sure if i got the countries right , but the point stands ) . 
  vocabulary wise the diferences are even bigger ... as for the downvotes thing , totally to be expected . 
  i thought about you but to be fair a government with absolute majority from the pp does n't really stand up for the plurinationality of spain .0, 
  and what does that have to do with `` denying the identities within spain '' ? 
  and what does that have to do with `` denying the identities within spain '' ? 
  `` by the way , you mean arag\u00f3n '' , that 's what i was responding to . 
  i have nothing to say about a piece of anectodal stuff with no evidence at all . 
   i want to point out that there is a difference between castellano and espa\u00f1ol aswell . 
  no there is not . 
  i see know you are just talking out your arse, 
  elaborate ? 
  i see it is arrogant to write a toponym in catalan and not ~ ~ english ~ ~ spanish , how dare i. i bloody hope you never say londres , munich , nueva york or pekin or else you will be offending billions !, 
  by the way can you show me these grammar differences?at least one ? 
  not that two dialects need to share grammar to be so , but i want to see how you manage to transform a thing every linguist agrees is a dialect into a language on its own . 
  as i said , i 'm happy with it . 
  being a polyglot is amazing !, 
   yeah ~ ~ most ~ ~ people can speak spanish as well , though some as a second language . 
  til `` the catalan special snowflex complex '' denies the identities and nationalities within spain . 
  under what rock have you been living to not see that the only regions that have significantly pushed for the recognision of all the nationalities within spain have been the basque country and catalonia ? 
  ( valencia , the balearics and the canary islands to a lesser extent ) . 
  ** edit : so a guy right above me , / u/samuel79s says literally the same thing i do yet he is at +9 while i 'm at -2 . 
  oh well , my flair is such a burden ** hahaha i spent one summer in massali\u00f3 , well deep into `` la franja '' in arag\u00f3 and had no problem at all speaking catalan with almost everybody , but i get it , they speak a different language . 
  with this one i now speak around 6 or 7 languages : catalan , spanish , english , valencian , balearic , alguerian and now `` chapurriau '' . 
  my cv will be stacked as fuck . 
  without sounding like i am taking the piss , which i definitely was , the differences between what they speak there and what is spoken in barcelona , val\u00e8ncia or mallorca are way smaller than the differences between what 's spoken in madrid and lima , cancun , buenos aires , etc. , yet there is no stupid debate regarding what language they speak . 
  hell , the differences between what 's spoken in la franja and barcelona are smaller than what 's talked in pontevedra and cadiz ... 
  bangkok subway is shit ... 
  hahhaah been waiting for this one for a long time . 
  exceeded my expectations . 
  ( buenafuente 2 good ), 
  whatever, 
  where have i said anything of the sort ? 
  are you sure you meant to reply to me ? 
  it was n't november , but july . 
  http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/encuesta-independencia-cataluna-ceo-noviembre-2016-5635366 yes had 47 % while no 42 % . 
  now there 's barely 1.5 % diference . 
  and the poll from the previus month registered the highest support for independence since records exist . 
  hence the `` independentism has been shrinking '' statement is false . 
  ever heard of autocorrector ? 
  of course i know the name is pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 . 
  the one that started the confrontation is you , funnily enough . 
   funny , i have met far more radical independentists wishing harm upon us for being spanish than i have neo-nazis living here . 
  sure mate , sure . 
   that one reason why the flag means hostility to me , btw , you types being fuckers towards us when we do n't agree with you i do n't even know what `` being a fucker '' means . 
  also , you are completely missing the meaning of the flag or you are blinded by catalan hatred . 
  no mos furtareu la paella . 
  i have nothing against you . 
  i consider you as cousins , if not brothers , culturally speaking , yet the hate you have towards us is unparalled . 
  you are so obsessed trying to make valenci\u00e0 not catalan , that you 'd rather consider it spanish than catalan . 
  as someone with andalusian family who frequently goes visit them , agreed !, 
  agreed on the viva espa\u00f1a as well . 
  que viva . 
  let us life too . 
  i 'm pretty sure this joke would 've been just that , a joke , had someone from elsewhere told it .
