  then again , this has to be somewhat new . 
  well , til columbus was italian . 
  that must be a relatively new finding because i swear that at least 5 years ago his nationality was unkown and there were only rumours . 
  to be fair , columbus himself did n't do anything wrong edit : i 'm unaware of whether he actually did `` fuck 9 year old girls '' or did some actual `` bad things '' . 
  what i do believe is that he was just another explorer such as magalhaes or elcano . 
  he was n't a tyran . 
  he was an explorer and i 'm sure he had nothing to do with what happened after the discovery . 
  also , that should n't matter either because columbus ' nationality is yet to be known so there 's that . 
  and to be honest , while colonial spain was obviously `` bad '' , it was still one of the `` softest '' considering all the other empires . 
  but yes , your point that there are some real blind poeple in here is also correct to an extent . 
  germany does n't need to be asked for such thing since the country is n't a joke like others . 
  in 1997 , roman herzog , president of germany , wrote an apology letter in the name of germany and the german people for the civil bombings commited during the spanish civil war . 
  meanwhile , in 2015 , our government still honors the spanish volunteers who went to the soviet front to fight along with the nazis ... what a country to live in !, 
  [ condor legion memorial , of course in spain . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/15/legioncondormemorial.jpg/1280px-legioncondormemorial.jpg ), 
   one of the, 
  why did you take it as a personal offense ? 
  i was talking about some of the britons that are very sensitive about it . 
  i personally could n't care less how you denominate things ; it was just a friendly advice , nothing more . 
  so the right of self determination only exists when you are not `` another part of the country , just like cuenca or extremadura '' . 
  and be careful saying gibraltar is a colony . 
  yes . 
  self determination of tibet ? 
  yes !!!, 
  self determination of scotland ? 
  yes !!!, 
  self determination of gibraltar ? 
  yes !!, 
  self determination of hong kong ? 
  yes !!!, 
  self determination of catalonia ? 
  omg wtf are you out of your mind ? 
  are you seriously trying to win an argument against an english man over * the english language * ? 
  if we are going to get that pedantic ( for the lack of a better word , i ca n't come up with the appropiate ) ... this is what [ concrete ] ( http://ctextures.com/onewebmedia/007_concrete_wall_modern2.jpg ) actually means in english . 
  if i got those pizzas di la mama each week i would n't either, 
  it 's the opposite , a normal degree lasts for 4 years ( most of them ) , but with a lone degree you go nowhere . 
  if people want to have some good qualifications you have to do post-degrees , masters and so on and that takes an eternity . 
  it has to do with young unemployment ( over 50 % in spain atm i believe ) and university degrees being so long ( you get a proper education at 25/26 ) . 
  people just ca n't afford to pay the university while having no job ( ie no income ) and , well , having to pay the house itself . 
  in spain we 'll have to make a special chart on `` average age when * grandsons * leave parental household '' . 
  op your title is missing things but i understand it would n't be as dramatic as you inteded to make it sound which is alright . 
  `` catalan journalist burns the spanish constituion in catalan public television as a protest against the recently declared inconstitutional catalan law that guaranteed heating in the winter to those who ca n't afford it '' . 
  whoops , she does n't look like an extremist , public television . 
  to extend on the thing , which should n't be making the front page of the subreddit ( i 'm aware it probably wo n't , but just in case ) , unless you try to sneak it as if the catallan public television were a bunch of lunatic/fanatics that burn constitution as a part of some cerimonial rites of some sort , she was burning it in one of those bins ( for the lack of a better word ) , where people ( mostly homeless ) would light up fires to keep themselves warm . 
  trick question, 
  i 'm one of those who 'd like to receive as many as our country can suffice and i try to stay within the realistic figures when it comes to the number . 
  currently we have only received 80 refugees iirc . 
  look how the comments are being upvoted and downvoted . 
  i 'm currently at -4 for saying that it is stupid to say we are brainwashed because we have more sources of information to pick up beats and pieces than them . 
  it is also ironic the fact that this idea that there is a massive campaign of manipulation in catalonia has to have appeared somewhere . 
  how do you massively get to make god knows how many spaniards who have never put a foot in catalonia to believe we are being manipulated ? 
  exactly , these are indeed the ideas being spread out by a lot of channels and media from spain . 
  this text has been very poorly wirtten , but who cares , it will be downvoted as well regardless . 
  good job guys , you won !, 
  we catalans are brainwashed pieces of flesh who are unable to produce a single rational thought by ourselves , unless these thoughts are `` spain good ! '' . 
  that was in response to the guy 's comment . 
  i am not milking anything , i 'm literally answering the guy who accused a lot of people of being manipulated . 
  i 've given up wih this subreddit anyways so fuck it, 
  that 's a good one . 
  we catalan independentists are manipulated because we `` eat all the bullshit they throw at us '' , yet we have way more sources of information than you guys have . 
  it 's foolish to say our autonomic tv channel manipulates us , but it is even more foolish to disregard the fact that while we have this `` brainwashing matchine '' , we also have the exact same tv and radio channels you do . 
  therefore , we actually have more points of view to build an opinion upon . 
  oh for fuck 's sake catalonia is the region that has more migrants from the rest of spain . 
  the non-sense you just spit is n't even relevant nowadays with all the independence thing . 
  except for the desintegration of the ussr . 
  let us be us ... 
   what if the rich catalans decide they do n't want to pay outsized taxes to support the poor anymore ? 
  i wish them good luck because that 'd be fiscal fraud and they all would enjoy a pleasent stay in jail . 
  also , the flow of money into the eu is not way going to be bigger to the flow into spain . 
  plus , as an independent state it 'd be certain that there 'd be no shows of disrespect or attacks to what we are . 
  i stand to what i said : there will always be flow from the wealth to the poor , the difference is right at the relationship both parties have with one another . 
  we do n't have a good relationship with the central government at the moment . 
  there are people who voted that party who are independentists since birth , for fuck 's sake . 
  even their leaders voted yes-yes in the 9n consultation . 
  relevant username by the way . 
  why in the fuck do all of our institutions have to be always biased and corrumped ? 
  why the hell should we disregard this poll while we were discussing a poll of the late 2015 that showed independence support had shrunk ? 
  you guys have enough problems with partiality and biasement . 
  the spanish constitution does not recognize any other nation apart from the spanish one . 
   and yes , catalonia , like basque country , galicia and andalusia are recognised as historical nationalities by the spanish constitution . 
  source [ 1 ] false , as a matter of fact the catalan statue was partially butchered for including the existance of a `` catalan nation '' . 
  what the constitution recognasies are `` a bunch of regions with historical regional identity '' . 
  it 's even in the source you linked ... 
  the word nation is avoided at all costs . 
  according to them there is only one nation , and as much francoist as it sounds that 's how things are currently . 
   and ciudadanos , as much as i do n't like them , is n't anti-catalan , they just believe that it 's possible to be spanish and catalan just like it is possible to be scottish or northern irish and british . 
  of course , that 's why when the catalan national anthem sounds in the parliament all of them get up crossing their arms and refuse to sing . 
  or that 's why they 've given support to get rid of catalan as the primary language to teach and learn in catalonia . 
  ciudadanos was born with a clear message of disregard towards all that is catalan . 
  they speak in spanish like 80 % of the time in the parliament and it 's a fact that they get the most votes in those regions where there are more spanish immigrants , where catalan is barely used and often despised ... 
  it 's a shame that these kind of retarded comments have become the usual in these threads . 
  `` mas and friends '' ( i am so sick and tired of this ) did n't tell us anything . 
  what we know , which is a fact , is that we give more taxes than we receive , way more . 
  is there a problem ? 
  literally every country has its richer regions `` expoliated '' . 
  no problem then , even in an independent catalonia barcelona would give more taxes to the rest of catalonia , the situation would be the same . 
  the thing is , while this is happening ( not even going to adress the fact that there are 2 regions with economic autonomy ) , there are laws being passed against catalan in schools , for instance . 
  we do n't feel any respected ; we are in fact the least well regarded region in the country . 
  there are almost no shows of affection from both the spanish government nor a huge chunk of the population towards the catalan identity , nor the basque , galizian , canarian , etc. 
  for instance .
