  yes , we have our own education , our own laws ( in limited fields ) and so on , but all these things are constantly threatened by laws and bills that are passed by the central government . 
  i do n't know , it 's a very tiresome subject . 
  i can understand how we can come off as whiny and so on . 
  i guess you just have to live it to understand it . 
  or swallow a 15 hour lecture on `` why catalans may want independence '' . 
  i 've never heard of that graffity thing . 
  care to show me ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  as for the rest , the espanya ens roba thing is non-existant anymore . 
  we know we pay way more in taxes than we receive . 
  but that 's it . 
  i do n't think that 's hate , anyway . 
  it may sound harsh , `` robar '' , but would you be happier if it was an euphemism like `` the fiscal redistribution is very unfavourable for us and we receive the worst end of the deal '' ? 
  yes , there are lots of actions that are out of touch , but you ca n't even begin to compare them with what we receieve . 
  he is using words like `` attack '' and `` hate '' because there have been countless instances of institutional attacks ( eg , the relentless attempts to fuck our education , the hindering of catalan as an official language in the eu , among a very extensive list ) as well as hatred ( eg : the 4th most important politician in spain , born in catalonia that assured some people in andalucia , i believe , that he had to `` break his face '' in order to speak spanish in catalan which is plainly false . 
  you can also add the unlistable instances in which we have been compared or called nazis and fascist , be that by members of the spanish governments , mp 's or the media . 
  at least now you have dropped the `` fuck them '' https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/529jg1/catalans_rally_in_support_of_independence_from/d7j9jqc/ it 's always nice to see the cunts becoming less cunts . 
  best treated cultural minority in the whole world . 
  this is a new one . 
  i agree . 
  i just made that assumption because i personally often talk about spain and/or catalonia when i say `` we '' . 
  sometimes i mean spain , sometimes i mean catalonia . 
  the context clears out the doubts , but in that instance , not really . 
  to be honest i do n't understand his comment either . 
  there were a few people with clearly francoist views but that 's it . 
  no one in catalonia/spain is casting a shadow of fascism/francoism over this demonstration . 
  i mean , begging for the intervention of law , which would mean the end of catalan autonomy , so the `` coup '' stops , sounds pretty francoist to me . 
  that may be why he said it . 
  you have convinced me . 
  i 'm pretty sure he means the francoist flags that you can sometimes find in the offices of some politicians as well as lots of places in the most rural spain ( restaurants and the likes ) . 
  no one cares about that . 
  the second an independentist flag is put somewhere , there 's an outcry because that is not `` the flag of all catalans '' . 
  i fail to see where he called the entire unionist side as fascists/immigrants . 
  no more than elsewhere . 
  it is particularly ironic because they will often say they want the best for catalonia and so on while asking for the suspension of the catalan autonomy and the intervention of the military . 
  icv and euia were definitely independentists back then . 
  nowadays , it is up to debate . 
  truth is that party is being slowly dismantled . 
  podemos reached out to them to get good results , now is they who have to reach out to podemos to not be ignored . 
  they chose that stance because podemos was in there , so they could n't call themselves independentists , and because they believed in `` the proper way to do things '' . 
  which is the impossible referendum . 
  they also stated that a in the campaign we should talk about what really matters ( ie . 
  economy , education and whatnot ) instead of independence , which is fair . 
  ayy you edited out the good part . 
  aww :( the hell ? 
  what is this comment about ? 
  did i say anything about you ? 
  what does the fact that you are in sweden have to do with any of this ? 
  congrats on leaving the country , i guess . 
  good for you . 
  if you do n't want to come back , then do n't . 
  the people behind 3 % and banca catalana wo n't forge anything . 
  i will never understand the `` corruption argument '' . 
  catalonia has the lowest rates of corrupt politicians per capita and money stolen per capita . 
  you are saying that we ca n't make a new country because a couple of corruption scandals while these couple scandals happen way more often in spain . 
  you ca n't even begin to compare the situations . 
  you also seem to be angry about the `` mate '' , mate . 
  i wonder why :(, 
  you are not only implying , but stating that the numbers are biased . 
  why would the police force be biased ? 
  why would the city council be biased ? 
  i do n't care anymore . 
  i have n't cared at any times . 
  you asked for numbers , i provided them . 
  you decided to follow your borderline divine powers of guessing and the numbers provided by the organization instead of the numbers provided by the police . 
  that 's it . 
  there have been 15k people there , congrats . 
  i wish there was more information but for some reason ( heh ) there are n't too many pictures circulating in which you can gauge the size of the rally . 
  mate no-one is arguing the numbers . 
  the police said 6500 , the organization said 14000 . 
  both numbers are petty as it gets . 
  no-one accused anyone of being a `` true catalan '' ? 
  i mean , there have been people from madrid that have come , but until now nobody had cared to bring it up . 
   just a further example of how their ideology is feelings - and not facts driven why is it always that independence is irrational while unionism is the product of a factual chain of reasoning the greek philosophers themselves would envy ? 
  now you 're going to tell me the city council is pro-independence ? 
  the town hall itself has n't calculated anything , that 's the job of the local police . 
  i also find it funny how much you believe in your calculations . 
  `` sure , those people need helicopters , formulas and a bunch of experts to figure that number out , but i , among this sea of people , with a vastly limited perception of what 's around me , will give you this number . '', 
  i have no interest in a debate surrounding numbers . 
  as i said , i would even give you the benefit of the doubt had you say more than 40k people attended . 
  its very , very low . 
  mate are you aware that the 15000 people that have demonstrated today are 1 % of the people that annually demonstrate for independence ? 
  quite fitting ( and rich ) that you call me a fool while saying 2m people are a noisy minority in a thread about a 15.000 people demonstration for the unity of spain . 
  what do you even think independence is for ? 
  to wank over our constitution ? 
  we want independence for the sake of it ? 
  independence is not an end , is a means . 
  corruption can be more easily fixed from scratch , and i do n't know how the fuck are you supposed to fix the economy if you have barely no power over it . 
  i agree . 
  though we are n't ethnically different !, 
  be careful because that can touch some nerves , and understandably so . 
   as you said , it will all boil down to whether the status quos is accepted as you grow up or not . 
  what is your point exactly ? 
  the catalan government and the civil organisations that have led the independence movement are precisely working for a referendum so people like you stop making fools of themselves with alleged referendums . 
  fuck 's sake , we struggle like hell to even have one and now it appears we have already done 2735 ^ 163, 
  i agree this is shooting one 's foot but no way this is the cover of a newspaper . 
  it will be talked about , as it should . 
  they were demanding the suspension of the catalan autonomy . 
  so much for `` visca catalunya '' . 
  ah it definitely can be .
