  the conception that nationalism implies the superiority of your nation towards the others only dates back to wwii and the ideologies coined shortly before and after . 
  nationalism has traditionally been the answer to oppression from big empires , which , ironically , carried out all sorts of `` nationalistic '' policies in imposing their culture on the repressed nations . 
  it 's like defining the word communism . 
  which definition is correct , the theoretical basis behind the ideology , which has never actually been brought to life accordingly , or the practical application that the soviets made , which was totally different from what the initial definitions of communism were about ? 
  i think both should be correct , but going by your logic only the second option should be valid . 
  exactly this , well put . 
  i hate the misusage of the word . 
  i am a catalan nationalist . 
  as nationalistic as it gets : i love the place i live in ; i love our food , our language and our beautiful traditions . 
  i am in love with the way we live and how we are . 
  i like belonging in my country - it 's my home . 
  that does n't mean , at all , that i think my nation is better or superior than any other . 
  in fact , i love traveling because i get to acknowledge different cultures and nations and you see how fascinating and diverse the world we live in is . 
  a world without this nationalistic feeling ( as long as it goes hand in hand with respect and tolerance ) is downright dull and uninteresting . 
  totally agree , it 'd become such a gorgeous city ( even more than it is now :p ), 
  when a company makes profit , wages hardly ever raise accordingly . 
  and yes , you 're kinda held against your will , because if you do n't work , you starve . 
  when all companies offer shit wages , you have no choice . 
  funny that you bring up lenin , i was scared to do it myself . 
  well , the ussr also resembles little of what lenin wanted . 
  the ussr was built as stalin pleased , and stalinism has nothing to do with lenin , let alone marx . 
  had trotsky got in charge after lenin , whatever that could 've come out of that could be argued to be the direct consequence of lenin . 
  with stalin ? 
  no way in a million years . 
   everyone was studying him , so yeah , if marxism was n't causing ussr , then it would be seen pretty early . 
  lol . 
  what an argument . 
  by the same logic i can tell you `` if the ussr did really commit the holodomor , then it would be seen pretty early in the history books '' authoritarian states manipulate history and education , water is wet and more news at 11 . 
   and if capitalism is causing climate change , then doritos are causing pollution - not the people who throw the bags around . 
  that 's exactly my point ? 
  do you really think climate change is happening because of plastic bags ? 
  factories and mass production are the main causes . 
  capitalism is shit , that 's what marx call out . 
  the `` communism '' that you endured in the ussr , which is shittier than this capitalism , would make marx cry in horror from his tomb . 
  for now capitalism is the best option , for the lack of alternatives basically , but that does n't mean we should strive for other fairer and ecological systems ... 
  erm , at no point during the ussr did they attempt to even resemble whatever marx wrote about the communist state , which was very little . 
  as far as i know , beyond stating that the communist society would be stateless , he did n't theorize much about that . 
  the ussr did n't build itself according to marx , because there was n't any principles to follow , and the few there were , they did n't give a toss about them . 
  the ussr is as marxist as congo . 
  i do n't know why you brought up catalonia since it 's one of the few places where a socialist management of the businesses ( i.e the workers decide it 's policies and its fate , no more no less ) has succeeded , even if that 's due to it being done away with by force rather than imploding with some time . 
  and marx never stepped in a factory , but engels did , and most , if not all their ideas are shared . 
  this last part is a curiosity rather than the fact or the point you were trying to make . 
  do you really expect the working man that spends 16 hours in the factory to write all that marx wrote ? 
  you need education to do that , something that was n't granted to the working class ... 
  of course a post about karl marx is only 50 % upvoted here . 
  marx was probably the thinker of the 20th century , and anyone who ca n't see beyond his economic ideas is has got to be one of those teenagers who 's never read a paragraph of his work and make the foolish connection of marx = ussr . 
  it is wrong on sooooooo many levels . 
  what marx did was call out the most inhumane economical and social system ever put to practice , he did n't barely enter the real of `` possible alternatives '' . 
  he was one of those dudes that , put it poorly and unfairly , `` ranted a lot about a topic without offering a solution '' . 
  in fact , he is known for not being able to think about what comes next . 
  i myself have only read a couple of books by him ( i recommend a lot his philosophical and economical manuscripts ) , and god damn did they open my mind . 
  he was probably person to call out this system of ours which overproduces everything in a major scale and yet to the average joe everything seems so scarce . 
  he called out the absolute shit system that still lives on in which you work for most of your day in a job you do n't give a toss about ( in the 20th century that was working in the factory assembling pieces of a machine you did n't even know what it was , for instance . 
  nowadays , the counterpart could be office work ) , which does n't fulfil your aspirations and personal ambitions . 
  you do it for the money . 
  you do n't care about what you produce , you do n't enjoy producing it . 
  you have become a slave ( note : not a slave of your boss or whatever , hold on to your horses , but a slave of your work . 
  your work dominates you ; it forces you to do things you 'd never do to fulfil yourself as a person ) . 
  this concept so poorly explained by me is called `` estrangement of labour or alienation of labour '' . 
  it 's worth looking it up . 
  and even in an economical sense , marx thinking was revolutionary and still resonates in today 's times . 
  as i said , the world could do just fine producing like half of what it does at the moment . 
  it is pure greed . 
  whenever you see that this company or this other has made a 3 billion profit in a year , that just means that the company has stolen 3 billion from its workers . 
  if it 's the workers those who 've made the profit with their work , then they should be rewarded accordingly . 
  ( this is also very poor explained . 
  for decent information , see : surplus value ... ) . 
  and i do n't even enter into the wages madness that has been normalized and people do n't seem to care , i also encourage you to look it up . 
  i expected this man to have a few critics here , but the amount of outright hatred i see here is saddening . 
  a guy was saying he has been the cause of billions of deaths and as a matter of fact as of the mid 1800 's , there has probably never died that much people from all causes , so it 's just a straight lie ( and a ridiculous one ) that somehow gets upvoted . 
  he also says it has brought destruction to the world , whereas it 's capitalism the system that is bringing us to a global climate change , deforestation and ocean-littering , among many other things you can consider as `` destruction of the planet '' . 
  all in all , totally bananas , get your shit together . 
  classic , he is a bit le tired at the moment, 
  i was aware it had communist/socialists connotations , but did n't know any of that , thanks !, 
   just as much as the catalan government . 
  name me a corrupt politician in the catalan government ? 
  completely unrelated but the galician flag with the red star is much prettier to me than the standard one, 
  i do n't get it, 
  i 'm not carrying my crystal ball with me , but i 'm going to make the bold prediction that it is , indeed , going to be finished some day . 
  unless they get bored , give up , and tear it down out of frustration . 
  prime example of south-european productivity amirite, 
  it is a bad idea to compare french and american politics and it is a bad idea to insult the voters . 
  similar thing happened with brexit . 
  as much as you think a certain ideology is bollocks , never mess with the voters . 
  decimate the idea ; mock it ; debunk it ; but do n't call the voters anything . 
  how do you expect to convince someone you 've just called a coward and a hater ? 
  the nature of the article has been call out here https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6928mo/hatred_towards_spain_in_catalan_classrooms/dh3e5tf/ regardless , can you explain it to me or can you provide me with some papers and documentation that back such apparently well-known claim ? 
  i forgot the xenophobic root of catalan nationalism . 
  care to remind me so i can go on bashing foreigners heads again ? 
  jesus christ , we 've had the biggest rally in europe in favour of the refugees since the outbreak of the crisis . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and make the bold statement that the 100,000 people that attended the rally did , in fact , give a shit for the refugees . 
  what is that claim , anyway , `` c'mon you do n't give a shit for the refugees . 
  admit it '' . 
  `` admit it '' haha . 
  and , well , considering the quotas and the management of the refugees is an exclusive function of the central government , i.e the catalan government is powerless on that , the fact that if we were an independent state we would receive as many refugees as we 'd like is , rather than an assumption , a fact indeed . 
  appaling example of catalan indoctrination https://twitter.com/taxioviedo/status/784276245047484416, 
  or being the region that has dwelled the highest number of immigrants from the rest of spain in the last century ? 
  lol +1 which tells a lot since madrid and barcelona have really good metro systems, 
  ah yes , i know . 
   what do you think about the tax on tobacco and alcohol ?
