  i do n't know how that works . 
  if you have family and dwelling here why do n't you apply for citizenship ? 
  by that logic , what makes you different from any other non-eu immigrant ? 
  what matters here is having citizenship and being located in catalonia . 
  i have no idea . 
  what country do you come from ? 
  i am not the one to answer that question . 
  whatever catalonia will be will be voted among all catalans . 
  just like we will vote if catalonia should or should not be a country , to start with . 
  many have answered the language status thing . 
  of course spanish will be co-oficial . 
  ciu is not the party that has stolen more $ per capita nor the party with more imputed politicians per capita . 
  not the party with most scandals either . 
  i see you only target one party 's corruption despite not being a tenth of the shit happening everywhere . 
  i imagine that 's because they are catalan . 
  really , i never see corruption mentioned as much as it is with any catalan thread . 
  enlightening how it is barely brought up in the investidura threads and the like . 
  yes , i have n't said otherwise . 
  the thing is that among this cultural background , there are different countries . 
  why would n't catalonia be another one ? 
  you have been arguing all the time that catalans and spaniards are not too different culturally and ideologically , which i agree , but that does n't mean we ca n't have our country . 
  what ? 
  the whole discussion is about this . 
  i started the discussion saying you were being too harsh on ciu calling them corrupt-wing or something like that and then simply saying right-wing when talking about pp . 
  it has become the norm in this sub to whenever one mentions ciu , they have to add the word corrupt or pujol right next to it to make a statement . 
  i find that part to be ok , but then again , as i said , ciu is not the most corrupt political party by any metric , so you either call psoe and pp corrupt anytime you mention them , or do n't call anyone that . 
  i 'm tired of us catalans being the ones being called corrupt 24/7 . 
  i said i am fine . 
  but not everyone is . 
  corruption scandals which are not even 1/10 of what happens in madrid , valencia , baleares or andalusia are treated with an iron fist aimed at undermining the independence movement . 
  it 's the only part that pisses me off . 
  and by completely ignoring my claim that catalan corruption scandals are treated by spanish press as literally satan , are you agreeing with it ? 
  does n't it bother you how little they speak of cases way , way bigger than ours ? 
  how the 3 % thing which is a textbook corruption scandal that happens everywhere ( not that i 'm deffending aything , rather the opposite . 
  glad it 's being purged ) covers headlines , and headlines , and hours of discussions on tv compared to all the really huge scandals ? 
  what ? 
  corruption scandals have been used for ever to push agendas . 
  we catalans use pp 's , unionists use ciu 's , etc. 
  if it was widely known why it has only been reported in 2015 ? 
  when i said `` known '' , i mean by the population and the press . 
  and of course i measure my e-penis . 
  why would n't we ? 
  why should we be quiet while a barcenas or an ere case visits the headlines during 1 or 2 weeks top , after fading away , while a corruption scandal like 3 \u2105 , which there are dozens of them in spain , is treated like it is ? 
  i 'm mostly fine because this way we will end with corruption sooner than if all the shit in madrid , valencia , andalusia and baleares is treated like it is . 
  are you telling me then that portugal is the same ideologically ( now i get what you mean by ideologically ) ? 
  if so , why is it a requirement for us to break away from spain ? 
  if you mean that catalonia is spain because catalans are no different from spanish , are you implying that portugal is spain based on them being `` ideologically '' the same as the spaniards and catalans ? 
  if so , lots of portuguese will be pissed about you ans rightfully so . 
  this being `` ideologically '' - which btw you mean culturally , and this culture is shared among all southern european countries - equal or not is definitely not a point to discuss and be used to offset any debate about whether we can or can not be independent and whether we should or not, 
  while this is from 2005 , it has only been known since 2015 . 
  you claimed it was known for a decade now ... and it 's always this particular scandal , which compared to : pick : - barcenas - gurtel - valencia 's entire local government being imputated - ere 's - caja b pp - tarjetas black or something like that - the no\u00f3s case - soria being on the panama papers - a huge etc which i hope someone is keeping a list of becuase the press certainly does n't press and cover these things as they do with pujol and the 3 % . 
  money robbed wise , ciu is miles behind everything pp and psoe have done ( i think psoe leads the race in that metric ) . 
  speaking of number of imputated politicans , pp are the solitary champions . 
  if you were to calculate $ robbed per capita , i think catalonia would be far from leading the charts . 
  the same happens with imputated politicians per capita . 
  look at this map http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20160414/401101450116/mapa-corrupcion-politica-espana.html, 
  i while i agree the prior municipal government in barcelona was right wing , but barcelona had been known to be a psc , psoe , fort . 
  literally since the restablishment of democracy there has been a leftist government , except for ciu 's only mandate from 2011 to 2015 . 
  how do you tell a spaniard from a frenchman or an italian ? 
  a decade ago ? 
  i was 10 a decade ago so i do n't remember anything that `` sophisticated '' . 
  what corruption scandals did they have ? 
  at what point have i said baleares and val\u00e8ncia are so ideologically similar ? 
  lol, 
  the city madrid got 56 % right wing votes while only 40 % left wing votes . 
  http://resultados.elpais.com/elecciones/2016/generales/congreso/12/28/79.html no so obvious . 
  it should be , but it is n't . 
  hard to believe uh ? 
  i have answered how catalonia is different ideologically speaking from spain . 
  what do you want me to answer , what do you want me to refer to ? 
  no podemos + psoe awfully lost to pp+c 's in madrid . 
  in madrid city . 
  cities are usually very progressive and left leaning , go figure . 
  what 's more to be different ideologically other than voting different ideologies ? 
  voting aside ? 
  is n't the point of voting to reflect ideologies and popular leanings in the parliament ? 
  economically and socially speaking we vote , thus are , more progressive and left leaning than spain . 
  podemos only won in catalonia , in the other regions except the basque country they lost . 
  they did n't even win in cities like madrid , val\u00e8ncia , mallorca , sevilla , and a large etc. 
  they ca n't even win in the urban sectors . 
  after doing a quick research of the latest election results , podemos only won in barcelona and they lost by 700 votes in bilbao to pnb . 
  so no , podemos barely won anywhere . 
  the only relevant thing regarding ideollogies and different mentalities between cat and spain , besides being right/left on economics and being progressive/conservative , is the national sovereignity thing ( which could and should be included inside the being conservative or progressive ) . 
  in spain parties opposed to any sort of discussion about a referendum have 70 % of the votes . 
  the last time we did a block to ask for a referendum in catalonia , the total support for it was about 80 % of the catalan parliament . 
  other than that i do n't know where your question might be aimed to . 
  except we 're not fighting against anyone . 
  phisically speaking anyway , and if we are putting up a fight it 'd be against the spanish government , not the spanish people . 
  too many people fail to see that . 
  i agree with all but , why do you say corrupt-wing for ciu , yet for the most corrupt political party in the eu you leave it normal ? 
  ciu 's corruption is n't even compaarable to pp 's . 
  not by money stolen , not by politicians detained and prossecuted . 
  same could be said with psoe in certain regions , yet , for instance , in andalucia no one says psoe is corruptland . 
  are you kidding ? 
  in catalonia the left destroyed the results while in spain we are closer to a conservative government than a leftist one . 
  how so ? 
  if this is the consensus in spain i understand a lot of things . 
  `` it was n't created by the people '' , lol . 
  the first demonstration was clearly independentist . 
  it caught ciu so off guard that they only leaned themselves towards a `` we accept and deffend the right of self-determination , but still not quite have a strong stance on neither side of a possible outcome in a hypothetical referendum '' .
