  i said galicians , valencians , balearics ... now i add asturians because surely asturian was more widely spoken back then than now thanks to , of course , the linguistic repression we 're talking about . 
  are these regions independentists ? 
  the point being that not every region was repressed equally . 
  i used language as the most illustrative example of cultural repression ( which btw also applies to asturians ) . 
  the thing is that someone from sevilla , toledo , huesca , zamora or even madrid would n't be afraid of the same things . 
  are you taking the piss ???????? 
  they fucking published in the frontpage that the former mayor ( who was mayor at the time , for independentist party ciu ) of barcelona had money in switzerland which was absolutely false and , ironically , made up out of the thinnest air . 
  that was days short of a municipal election . 
  they are currently being investigated and even prossecuted if i remeber correctly . 
  dear god , if you , lupinechemist , who always seem to have a based and good opinion , however i may disagree with it , say this shit , i ca n't begin to imagine what the average antonio thinks ... 
  well we do n't have exactly the same culture as balearics and valencians . 
  we share a lot , but i think it 's for the better to always consider the differences ( mainly because valencians and balearics do n't like their culture to be called catalan , and i respect that ) . 
  we have a lot of common with them , and we would surely operate smoothly as a country , if they wanted . 
  we 're a bit like the basque country and navarra , or andalusia and extremadura , or galicia and portugal . 
  the reasons valencia and the balearics are not very nationalist boil down to the lack of appetit for self-government and sovereignety decades ago and the massive influc of immigration that stuck to their roots from wherever they came from . 
  that is a pathetic myth . 
  here 's the thing . 
  we are hit with the most severe financial crisis of the last 20 ~ years . 
  we barely have money to pay shit . 
  we 're closing down hospitals , stopping the construction of much needed infrastructure , etc. 
  we are an industrial region . 
  we are relatively rich ; it 's a fact . 
  fiscal flow of money from richer regions to poorer ones happens in every single country on earth . 
  saying that we pay in taxes more than we get back , much more , is also a fact . 
  now , what 's the problem ? 
  well , i personally do n't want to give a siingle euro to regions where the party that has actively trying to fuck us over culturally is rulling woth absolute majority . 
  i just do n't . 
  you do n't shit and spit on the hand that feeds you ( we do n't feed spain , but it 's a comparison . 
  the thing is that we are an important part in the funding of poorer areas ) . 
  if we ever were to be independent , i 'd still pay much more money in taxes than i recieve . 
  i would pay them to girona , lleida and tarragona , which are poorer regions than barcelona . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  well , what i 've stated , neither of those regions , for obvious reasons , would try to mess with my identity and culture like the spanish parliament and government have been doing . 
  so it 's a mix of the consequences of an economical crisis + an absolute relentless intention of needlessly reforming , from the outside and disregarding our will , our way of living . 
   you talk as if the rest of spain is still actively trying to suppress the catal\u00e1n language and identity and you cite a dictator that died 40 years ago as proof of this . 
  the rest of spain , as in their citizens , no they do n't ( there are a lot that do , though ) . 
  now , what about what matters . 
  who passes laws ? 
  who rules the country ? 
  the parliament and the government . 
  well , there have been multiple attemps to 1 ) surpress catalan education 2 ) butcher our autonomy ...  pick up a real history book , not one given to you in school though good lord how spoiled you are . 
  you know we do the same history exams for the qualification tests for university , right ? 
  you are absolutely unaware of what kind of education we have . 
  you 're opinion is solely based on shit neo-fascists newspapers like abc , yet we 're the ones indoctrinated . 
   or better yet , travel around , get out of your bubble and find out for yourself what 's really going on . 
  you 're obviously also unaware that in the last elections ( the plebescit kind of thing ) catalans living abroad ( i.e traveling , getting out of `` their bubble '' voted for independence overwhelmeningly ? ) . 
  of course you do n't . 
   and for fuck 's sake , if someone non catalan goes to your region and speaks spanish , give them a break . 
  no one outside of catalunya speaks your language so be a bit more open-minded . 
  i pity you . 
  i imagine this view of yours is probably shared wherever you live , so for their sake i really hope you 're just a troll . 
  we do n't kill anyone that speaks spanish , especially if they come from spain for whatever . 
  fucking hell , even i speak more spanish than catalan . 
  this point while true does n't apply here . 
  catalan was banned , spanish was n't . 
  there you have the discrimination . 
  a spaniard from toledo was not affected by repressive linguistic policies whereas a spaniard from catalonia , the basque country , galicia , valencian country or the balarics was . 
  people with other nationalities and traditions of those purely castillian were repressed for that as well , whereas a castillan would only be repressed if he showed signs of disagreement with the political leaning of the regime . 
  do we ? 
  i guess you know better . 
  such a pretty language . 
  he probably said it for accuracy . 
  i thought this was in cantabria for some reason . 
  one thing is frequent speakers and the other is having the knowledge to speak another language . 
  35 % of people may speak basque , but the figure of people that * know * basque has to be much higher . 
  also , i do n't know where you live but like 80 % of the immigrants with whom i have ever had contact spoke their native language , even kids . 
  it only makes sense , really , why would n't you raise your kid in chinese/arabian/whatever while they learn spanish at school ? 
  this map is bollocks , even a dutch guy admitted that they , at most , new english pretty well , but that 's about it . 
  3.2 languages ? 
  that is ridiculous for a country with only one official language . 
  i could understand it in belgium or sweden . 
  same goes with the baltics , 2.7 my ass . 
  not trying to come off as salty because i do n't care the slightest about this map , but it 's just wrong . 
  no intention to offend anyone from the countries mentioned . 
  i thought of going to the netherlands to do my erasmus , but i love learning languages and i already know english . 
  i did n't take that into account . 
  this map clearly disregards the existance of the different languages spoken within spain . 
  1.7 only makes sense if you only count spanish and english/french . 
  and even then , how can the uk , infamous for not bothering to learn foreign languages , have 1.6 ? 
  however metric is used to determine whether you speak or not a language , i find it hard to believe there is more people in britain that speak decent french/german/spanish / whatever , than people in spain that speak decent english . 
  is it a stereotype ? 
  french are known to have an incredibly thick , borderline funny accent , but when it comes to written english they are as good as anybody . 
  french and english are pretty similar after all . 
  the term catalan countries is used to group all areas where catalan is spoken . 
  it has no political meaning , only lingustic . 
  quite a few people in valencia and the balearics do n't like this name because , well , it has `` cataln '' in it and it sort of disregards valencians and balearicians ( ? ) . 
  we speak the same language , but valencians say they speak valencian and the people from the balearics will say they speak mallorqu\u00ed . 
  it 's a result of a lack of standardization of the language , really . 
  catalan , valencian , balearic ( and other subcategories ) , are all dialects of the same language . 
  i wish we could agree on a neutral name for all of us . 
  ( i do n't claim people say we speak different languages , we simply give it a different name deppending on the region . 
  it kind of is as if you said scottish , south african , australian , etc. 
  to refer to the different accents and dialects of english . ), 
  and yes , you 're right , this denomination does n't apply to most of the french territory in there , but there is still such as resemblence ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pa%c3%afsos_catalans ( for the record , ignore the pan-nationalist parts of the article . 
  no one in catalonia would want to annex either of these regions * unless * they wanted to . 
  i know a lot of people in catalonia would love to unite with the valencian country and the balearic islands , but only if it were cool with them , which at the moment is not . ), 
  quite the opposite , the name is a massive ** tr * igger **, 
  not fair . 
  rest in sun-dried pepperonies, 
  nice .
