  there is a lot of history involved , a lot . 
  but if both languages were offcial and equal , why ca n't you talk in catalan in the spanish parliament ? 
  it is just a matter that we do n't want to study in spanish , that 's all . 
  i guess it is hard to understand if you are not catalan but i would get so mad if i was taught in spanish by law ( do not confuse , i am currently doing maths with spanish , because the teacher feels more comfortable to teach with . 
  however , if it was imposed , as the government wants to do , there would be massive demonstrations and i would totally refuse to study like that ) . 
  for every kid that wants to study in spanish there are more than 30000 who prefer it in catalan , that 's all ... 
  if you want to know more non-economical causes that triggered all these independentist movement take a look at some comments in this thread . 
  i am just not in the mood to type again a thing that a type thousands of times a week to deffend ourselves , sorry !, 
  catalonia is different from a lot of more things . 
  as an example , we are the only region that voted to be out of the nato with majority , but as the rest of spain everyone voted yes we had to deal with it . 
  as you have an argentinian flair i do n't know if you moved to catalonia from argentina , if you were born here or if you have studied here . 
  i just want to tell you something : less than 100 students asked to study completely in spanish . 
  you have to understand that we wo n't change all the system because of 100 students . 
  and if your friends had a bit of trouble at the beggining with the language , well , i would also have those if i moved to france and study there . 
  also , spanish is taught in catalonia , and the catalan grades in spanish are above the state average so ... 
  catalonia sided with the liberal and tolerant side of the succesion war . 
  we knew that if the bourbons won the war we would lose everything . 
  that 's why they fought until the last day . 
  and about the xx century part , there was genocide . 
  we are not talking about milions like with ww !!, 
  but there still was . 
  they murdered the current catalan president ... you said they attacked all the nations of spain , but they specially focused catalonia and basque country , that 's undeniable . 
  i am catalan unless i say otherwise . 
  you ca n't tell me what to be . 
  and now tell me one of these reunification movements that here , in the mas dictatorship ( / s ) we have censored . 
  `` positive discrimination '' ? 
  teaching in the language the people have talked for centuries is positive discrminitation ? 
  no one thinks catalonia would become switzerland or norway , we just know , as i said , we 'd be richer . 
  and maybe your impression is that the main reason is economic but every day , every month , and every 9/11 people forgets more about money and start to care a lot more about all i said . 
  moreover , i posted my personal opinion . 
  [ nueva planta decree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nueva_planta_decrees ) ----- [ primo de rivera dictatorship ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/dictadura_de_primo_de_rivera ) sorry about the primo de rivera one , it is in spanish . 
  i 'll ty to look up for some info in english . 
  and it 's not about that they did a good or bad job . 
  we just survived to it . 
  that sound hilarious but he did n't mean that . 
  he meant that while the central governament was positioning against abortion and gay marriage , the catalan government was doing otherwhise . 
  and things are like these with a lot of more subject . 
  catalonia is just different from spain . 
   do you think france , germany or usa accept secession ? 
  they accept it and respect it . 
  they just say it 's none of their business . 
  how could usa do n't accept what is happening in catalonia considering they became independant from uk ...  even scotland nationalist said that a unilateral referendum is a mistake . 
  what 's an unilateral referendum ? 
  i think we have found rajoy 's reddit account . 
  i am not a spaniard . 
  and i will never be , remember that . 
  and yes , there are reunification movements but in comparison to the independence ones they are non existent ... 
  there are more things apart of money . 
  yes , we 'd be richer and so , but what it is more important to me are tcultural feelings . 
  when the central government attacks your culture , your language , your identity and you ca n't deffend yourself against that , money goes last . 
  edit : typo, 
  well there should be a majority within the political parties of the spanish parliament willing to do so , which there is n't ( atm ) . 
  however , if there was they would still keep things as it stand regarding this matter . 
  not a single political party of spain ( besides from the basque ones ) would sign in favour of changing it . 
  that makes me sad . 
  there are a few ways to solve this subject , but it seems that constitution or law are n't one of them . 
  maybe if in the future europe sees they ca n't hold what 's happening here any longer ( they say it is an internal spanish problem and call for union ) , because we are being denied from expressing our will , which violates the declaration of human rights , there could be some external pressure but i do n't thing it 'll be the case . 
  if catalonia wants to be independent we will have to do it as if we were in the 1800 's or 1900 's because it seems like we ca n't with the 2000 's way . 
   because spain has a history of being divided more like spain has a history of uniting the nations that form it by the force . 
  a history of persecution of the diferent identities and singularities of catalonia , the basque country , galiza , etc. .  the same thing is the case in the us , where states are prohibited by law from seceding . 
  this is very common . 
    this is very common . 
  well , the only example would be the us and i do n't even know if it 's true ( heard some things with texas , but i do n't believe they 'd like to leave us ) . 
  i just ca n't come up with more developed countries cases . 
   think about it , especially today in a globalized world , why would we want to create more borders and walls ? 
  oh no , walls !, 
  borders !, 
  i do n't want catalonia-spain to be divided by a 400 km lenght wall !!, 
  oh my god !, 
  the walls between france-germany , holand-belgium , switzerland-italy etc-etc !!!, 
   his philosophy of independence uses the mask of pro-democracy but it is actually anti-democracy . 
  i do n't even know what to say about that . 
  that 's too much for me . 
  could you rephrase the question , please ? 
  my enlgish is n't the best and i do n't know what do you mean , sorry . 
  they would n't rejoin spain by any mean . 
  not a single nation that left the former spanish empire would like to become part of spanish again . 
  some would rather shot themselves . 
   do you really trust a government that calls for civic disobedience ? 
  do you really trust in a constitution which was written with the supervision of the military ? 
  a constitution that declares illegal what in every other european country would be legal ? 
  i do n't know , friend , just open your eyes and look foreigner 's opinions . 
  people from scotland , england , ireland , the nederlands ... 
  everywhere . 
  i have n't found a single comment showing its support towards the illegality of the referendum . 
  it seems like everyone but you , the spaniards , can understand what democracy and voting mean . 
   how do spaniards justify stopping catalonians from exercising their right to self-determination ? 
  it is unconstitutional . 
  the current constitution , signed in 1978 with militars supervising , does n't allow any move that threats spain unity . 
  in other words , spain should look the same in 500 years time ( or even 19223874892347 years ! ) . 
  even though a massive amount of states have already left spain during his history ( portugal , morocco , all south/central america except brazil , etc etc ) . 
   are the catalonians serious about calling for a referendum in six weeks ' time ? 
  because that 's certainly not adequate time to ensure a free and fair election . 
  we are more than serious for that . 
  and we are not given 6 weeks to make up our minds about that affair . 
  the referendum date was established 1 year ago , the only doubt was wether we could actually convoke it . 
  it is illegal , but every step the central government takes will be against the declaration of human rights . 
  the world is n't blind ( i hope so ) and unless spain becomes the european north korea isolating itself so any foreigners see what 's happening here , they will eventually have to change how things work . 
   you want democracy ? 
  let people vote .
