   pointless taxes . 
  fair enough then . 
  they 've put a tax on it , they have n't prohibited their selling . 
  as if we were the ussr lol what do you think about the tax on tobacco and alcohol ? 
  a sugary drink tax is n't any more stupid than a tax on tobacco or alcoholic beverages . 
  in all fairness i had to read him twice as well , so do n't sweat it haha, 
  well , +2 \u00bac is a fairly big deal . 
  there is a reason why the global temperature increasing 2\u00bac or so in 100 years is such a big problem . 
  maybe it does n't matter much when we talk about peaks and lows , but in average temperature ? 
  yes , it 's too much to say `` only 2\u00bac '' . 
  hell , where i live if we had 2 degrees fewer on average on winter it 'd probably snow twice or thrice a winter . 
  i think the former is what sounds the most absurd . 
  yes , he was unaware of how hot russia gets , and so was i. 
  upon seeing the data he `` remained unaware '' , how does that work ? 
  intentional ignorance ? 
  i think russia hatred is a far less ridiculous explanation than calling the other guy a retard , which is what you 're doing at the end of the day , since he has been provided with factual evidence and still decides to think otherwise . 
  in case i might come across differently than intended , unawareness ends the second you see the graphs and the data . 
  from that point on , if you keep believing otherwise , then you 're just stupid as a brick or you 're simply driven by this russophobic sentiment , which is n't ridiculous at all and it 's a rather common attitude in this sub . 
  that was n't your point at all , though . 
  you simply downright dismissed some data because `` yeah sure '' . 
  why am i even arguing, 
  which is what matters in / r/europe , is n't it ? 
  you defending so fiercely this useless and irrelevant piece of data is what sort of proves my point . 
  european russia gets hotter than lithuania , so what ? 
  i did n't know it was a competition . 
  besides , annual average does n't illustrate anything . 
  we know russia is a cold ass country during winter , what we 're discussing is how hot it gets , and the annual average does a shit job at that . 
  the sahara gets colder than my hometown at nights , is the sahara hotter than barcelona ? 
  meteorological data are fake news . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat *, 
  i think that was the joke , but i might get wooshed, 
  i did n't know russia got this hot either . 
  well , at least in april . 
  the difference is that this other guy just refused to believe it , even when the other redditor gave him sources and whatnot . 
  besides , it 's climatological data , what 's there to discuss haha . 
  i did n't mean to offend anyone , but i 'm fairly certain that this kind of denial would n't happen if we were talking about any other known `` cold country '' , like say canada ( which as far as i know also have ridiculously high temperature peaks . ), 
  from an outside standpoint , it looks as though you ca n't accept that a country like russia is hotter than lithuania , because coldness is russia 's thing , and you do n't want to be like russia . 
  is this obsession from the baltics to be as different as possible ( or even beyond that ) from russia exclusive to reddit or are the actual countries like this too ? 
  i always see them in twitter now and again . 
  its search engine is crap so i could only find this . 
  breaking news , a right-wing party is more critical of maduro than a left-wing party . 
   i know it 's impossible to converse with you lovely . 
  not my problem that you bring up irrelevant stuff to stir the pot . 
  and i could find you dozens of similar instances as the ones linked . 
  i 'm just writing this for those who are n't familiar with the most voted party in spain . 
  needless to say that what is happening in venezuela is as muddy water as it gets . 
  for instance , on your last link about the persecution of the opposition , you can easily find it goes both ways . 
  ( for the record , i barely have any idea about what 's going on then . 
  i just know there is lots of violence and my only wish for venezuela is justice , peace and welfare , regardless of what colour it bears ) if you look into it , you will find videos of the opposition killing pro-maduro sympathisers and so on . 
  it is not as one-sided as the media portrays it . 
  you are giving * way * too much importance to a couple of idle declarations that are only done to keep the circlejerk in the media alive . 
  much like rivera 's `` pact anti-terrorism '' . 
  i believe neither cup , nor pdcat nor erc have ratified it . 
  are they pro-terrorism then ? 
  is this supposed to simply raise a giggle or is there seriousness behind it ? 
  by that metric psoe and cs are pro corruption since they vetoed rajoy 's [ declaration ] ( https://www.cuartopoder.es/multimedia/2017/04/28/pp-psoe-y-cs-vetan-la-comparecencia-de-rajoy-en-un-pleno-sobre-el-caso-lezo/24949 ) on congress . 
  one day people complain that the parliament does n't adress the real problems of the people , the next one people complain because you do n't want to waste time with a worthless with 0 effects declaration . 
  you just ca n't win , can you . 
  this is not a source you can find with an easy google search . 
  this particular question ( referendum support among immigrants and their offspring ) is seldom asked and you also have to sort it out from the whole poll which is usually dozens of pages long . 
  it has been linked thread in and thread out , i see i must run an excel with all the sources and links from now in , since they are always asked . 
  this is not a report on the oxygen levels from a chinese town , it is data that you can easily find googling in spanish . 
  so what ? 
  what ? 
  no , hidalgo and colau met without any problems . 
  is that even a serious question ? 
  why would the paris mayor meet up with the barcelona one ( which they have ) ? 
  does the fact that 2 entities that do n't happen to be sovereign states want to meet go beyond the lengths of your understanding ? 
  do you even know what this news/trip is all about ? 
  this trip was organized by : 1 . 
  flemish companies network voka , commerce agency of anvers-waasland and flanders investment and trade 2 . 
  commerce agencies and inversi\u00f3 acci\u00d3 of catalonia on the catalan side more than 30 companies backed this trip to make agreements . 
  it absolutely baffles me the speeds at which you all hurry to chat shit about any attempt at international projection from catalonia . 
  in what universe is reaching agreements and making business pacts considered `` messing '' with spain ? 
  spain has literally turned down potential economical good news just to shut down catalan diplomacy , and here you are celebrating these shit news because `` haha who do they think they are ? 
  '' , whereas the flemish ( backed by the belgium government , what a surprise ) are pissed . 
  and i do n't know if there is a californian delegation . 
  i 'm just certain that they would n't find half the opposition catalan diplomacy encounters - from within , that is , since from without no-one has a grudge with catalan diplomacy . 
  see , here 's the problem . 
  morocco had arranged that meeting with flanders and catalonia with no intention of `` messing '' with anybody . 
  it was just that , a meeting . 
  the fact that having a meeting with catalonia is considered as `` messing '' with spain is ludicrous . 
  are they also messing with belgium ? 
  when they meet with , say , a californian delegation , are they messing with the united states ? 
  do they also mess with the uk when they have a reunion with some scots and do they also piss the germans off when they have a talk with a company from baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ? 
  this is the difference . 
  at no point , before madrid interfered that is , did morocco feel like they were messing with anybody . 
  if that was so , they would n't have made the first arrangement , the one that has been cancelled , in the first place . 
  considering that support for independence among 2nd generation immigrants is around 30-40 % depending on age , support for a referendum alone should surpass 50 % which makes it , indeed a majority . 
  the 3rd generation demographic will have larger figures than that . 
  if you are legitimately interested in that ( the source ) , you can look up the previous 287623847289472 threads about this where we have discussed and beat all subjects to death . 
  it amazes me that they manage to throw in belgian media into the `` catalan media manipulates and brainwashes '' memo . 
  this is not the first time spanish media reports something in a completely different note and tone from foreign media . 
  yet , they 'll still believe our media is shit and el mundo , la raz\u00f3n , abc , el pais , and the lot are even remotely reliable when it comes to catalonia . 
  you 're still missing the point . 
  you do n't go from having a rendezvous with not only catalonia but flanders to refusing to meet with them in the blink of an eye . 
  they had already arranged for a meeting . 
  if they had n't , this would n't be news at all . 
  companies , countries , delegations , institutions , and whatnot try to do meetings all the time . 
  if every time that 2 entites fail to carry out a meeting was to hit the news , we 'd be doomed .
