judging from your comments below , i think you might need some help, 
  i think there are 3 regions where poles form a majority . 
  why the hell our seimas after regaining independence did not make a law which would let them write in their native language i do not know . 
  now the politicians probably are too afraid to make such a law . 
  majority of population is anti polish . 
  it is usually older people , or the ones with lower iq . 
  the main argument is `` muh culture , muh language '' like if writing a street names in polish would make lithuanian language , or culture disappear . 
  in return we get disloyal citizens . 
  then the general opinion about polish becomes worse and the shitty circle continues, 
   pretext noun 1 . something that is put forward to conceal a true purpose or object ; an ostensible reason ; excuse : and i do not care if it is just a pretext or a same occupation with a reason . 
  it is still an occupation, 
  instead of replyng to the comment you are nitpicking ... you know what i mean . 
  attack on eastern poland was pretexted as defence of the belarussians and ukrainiais from the germans, 
  sorry , substantial minority , same as poles in interwar eastern poland . 
  i am really dissatisfied with your reply . 
  you just nitpicked instead of actually replying to my comment properly, 
  wow , insults because i dare to question the polish victim card and trying to prove you are hypocritical ? 
  mature . 
  for me it looks if not the same , very similar . 
  stronger countries occupying illegaly the territory of other countries by the use of blackmail or war . 
  when poland does it to smaller countries everything is fine according to you . 
  but when you get your ass kicked by the same motives you are the victim we can speculate that the war could 've been avoided ( ok maybie not avoided , but delayed ) . 
  hitler offered poland to join him on his side , hitler asked for danzing and polish corridor . 
  poland refused . 
  you see if you justify vilnius occupation and do not justify other same occupations based on ethnical grounds as crimea , eastern ukraine , danzig ( gdansk ) , eastern poland it just makes you hypocirital . 
  well the fact is that polish corridor and danzig was inhabited by germans . 
  if you say that vilnius occupation was justified you should accepted hitlers demands to give germany back danzig and polish corridor . 
  its the same as vilnius question . 
  those territories were inhabited by germans . 
  its a fact . 
  it is not hypocritical if you agree on all occupations based on ethnical grounds . 
  but you cant justify one and say that other occupations were illegal, 
  but east prussia without connection to main germany was not able to reach its potential ... ca n't you just admit that it was a dick move to take away vilnius from lithuania and it kinda ruined relations in the long-term ? 
  and russia never occupied crimea . 
  im very tired of these hypocritical polsih comments ... 
  so it is polish governments own fault for not giving away danzing and german inhabited territories to hitler ? 
  and yes poland needed gdansk , but lithuania did not need vilnius, 
   ` couse victim blaming is not ok now this is priceless , yes , yes poland is always the victim . 
  and you can not even compare the same aggressive actions and motives of poland , germany , ussr . 
  dont you think you are being hypocritical ? 
  no , it 's not diffrent situation . 
  you say vilnius occupation was justified because it had polish majority , so tell me how is it diffrent ? 
  same as interwar danzig germans had every right to live in germany ? 
  so according to you donbas and eastern ukrainian territories should belong to russia , because of the russian majority ? 
  danzig had german majority too , but you refused to give it to hitler and we know what then happened ... 
  there was large belarusian , ukrainiain minority and in some areas majority in eastern poland , so ussr attack is justified also ... . same as vilnius question . 
  so attack on poland is completely justified , according to you ? 
  just wow ... 
  baltic sea is ruled by lithuania now , sweden . 
  deal with it, 
  we homo, 
  atlantic charter ? 
  well lets see how many points of this charter your beloved ussr followed : 1 . no territorial changes made against the wishes of the people 2 . self-determination 3 . restoration of self-government to those deprived of it 4 . global cooperation to secure better economic and social conditions for all 5 . freedom from fear and want 6 . and abandonment of the use of force stop treating ussr like a normal state . 
  its a regime which has nothing to do with people well being and freedom . 
  it seems that you fail to understand that occupation for 50 years is not liberation, 
  well deny my words . 
  say that soviets did not persecute successful people, 
  everywhere ? 
  you are defending the worst regime in the history . 
  do you even know what ussr is ? 
  its a degenerate thug state which steals everything your family built and exiles you to frozen wastelands to die in a slow death , while nazi germany kills your neighbour jew and drunktard commie . 
  see the diffrence ? 
  thats why enemy n1 for lithuania was ussr , enemy n2 was germany . 
  what favour ? 
  exiling and killing all the inteligent people and giving their property to drunktards and degenerates ? 
  + you get a bonus of occupation for 50 years . 
  amazing liberation, 
  well , the western europe was n't occupied by the soviets ... 
  nah , we do not have the right to ban a language . 
  nobody has a right to ban language of specific ethnic group . 
  however there is a thing called state language and state officials must use it . 
  the dude used social media account which belonged to riga city council . 
  i ca n't tell if you forgot the / s or you are for real, 
  tweeting a black ribbon was parlaments secret weapon against islamic terrorism . 
  they are so done . 
  cheers guys . 
  we won . 
  new normal for western europe it seems . 
  i think they already got used to that, 
  lithuanian news stated that he was supposed to be deported to bulgaria . 
  what the hell ? 
  leave eastern europe alone . 
  you are the ones with rainbow glasses and cant see that multiculturalism is not and will not work . 
  compare homogeneous societies of poland , japan , and the multicultural ones usa and to some extent some western european countries and prove to me that multicultural societies work . 
  its sad that western europeans have to deal with this fear . 
  they are not safe anymore . 
  at any time and in any place you could loose your life . 
  it will not get better . 
  politicians need to talk about islamic extremism , the islamic ghetos and about foreign funds to support islam . 
  refuge handling is also sad . 
  you cant accept everyone . 
  let saudis , oman , uae , qatar take some of their religion brothers . 
  europe by helping others is destroying slowly herself . 
  lithuanian news stated that he was supposed to be deported to bulgaria . 
  what the hell ? 
  leave eastern europe alone . 
  you are the ones with rainbow glasses and cant see that multiculturalism is not and will not work . 
  compare homogeneous societies of poland , japan , and the multicultural ones usa and to some extent some western european countries and prove to me that multicultural societies work . 
  its sad that western europeans have to deal with this fear . 
  they are not safe anymore .
