  well , except for every year when it saw a real terms increase , which is every year since 2010 . 
  per capita , it has n't gone up , but ` real terms ' ( that is , inflation adjusted ) , [ it has . 
  ] ( https://www.kingsfund.org.uk/projects/nhs-in-a-nutshell/nhs-budget ), 
  also , notably , glasgow , the most ethnically diverse city in scotland , has a slightly lower non white-british population than the average for england excluding london . 
  which is why i 'm skeptical when people tell me that the scottish support for immigration comes from their ` more liberal attitude ' . 
  i reckon it 's more to do with the fact that they do n't see much of the results . 
  they suspended airstrikes after threats of shelling refugee camps and excecuting prisoners . 
  airstrikes on vrs forces occurred as late as the 11th july , so the which ` days leading up to the fall ' are you describing ? 
  they were negotiating to evac the civillians . 
  they were looking to trade land , not lives . 
  have you even read that article ? 
  there was no ` secret pact ' . 
  they were trying to negotiate ceding the enclaves while withdrawing the people in them . 
  massively different situation to letting them fall deliberately . 
  i 'd note that the air support did turn up , did get involved , but could n't get the artillery due to poor visibility , and was then ordered to cease operations once the vrs issued threats that they 'd execute hostages and start shelling refugee compounds . 
  equally , on the other side , i 've had people call the bengal famine a genocide perpetrated by churchill and if i was going to get banned for pointing out the laughable innacuracy of that claim , it 'd be a bit mental . 
  people like to jump on the famine = genocide bandwagon and start calling any famine under british rule , regardless of outside factors ( like , for example , the japanese invading half the fucking continent and cutting off food supplies ) a genocide . 
  i like that the french bolshevik is still trying to get laid . 
  you all saw ... a british soldier shot him . 
  just like the poster says . 
  nah , germany was the bad guy . 
  they invaded belgium on the basis of it being an easier way to invade france . 
  the whole ` nobody to blame , web of alliances ' thing is bullshit revisionism . 
  germany was an aggressor , they simply used the mess in the east as an excuse to invade france as they had been planning to do for some time . 
  plus we convinced the world that he was a midget . 
  yes , though the problem is only partly institutional . 
  the 2 changes it needs are : 1 . 
  shift legislative initiative to the parliament ( so that the commission does n't have effective veto power over any given bit of legislation , or the ability to pull bills that are amended in a way it dislikes , effectively allowing it to overrule decisions of the parliament ) 2 . 
  actually get participation up . 
  the eu is an example of participatory democracy in the same way that [ eric moussambani ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_moussambani ) is an example of an olympic swimmer . 
  lots of effort , but the results are awful . 
  malta is the only country where turnouts are acceptably high ( belgium and luxembourg have mandatory voting , making their turnouts , both below 90 % , pretty pathetic ), 
  which , from canada 's point of view , is a great deal , since the concessions the eu demands are often utterly irrelevant to the uk . 
  i for one grew bored of this before the end of the first line . 
  i 'm fairly sure the geneva convention forbids treating metaphors that way . 
  imagine taking the author of this out for tapas . 
  ` that plate wo n't make up for a full meal ! ', 
  ` it 's tapas will , you have lots of little bits . 
  here , try this one ' ` that plate wo n't make up for a full meal ! ', 
  nah , no way i 'm betting on uk politics at the moment . 
  far to unpredictable . 
  we could just as easily end up in asean or concacaf by the end of the 2 years . 
  i wonder if the sas troops fighting isis have been issued one . 
  ceta has what we want , and the delay caused by pushing for more would n't really be worth what we might get . 
  the better trade deals are to be had in places like the us and australia . 
  where the eu has , for whatever reason , failed to make deals at all ( australia was about italians getting pissy because the aussies would n't put up with illegal dumping of tomato products on their market iirc ), 
  weird that the uk is of no interest yet the eu went to all that trouble to negotiate ceta with an economy to which the eu exports 10x less than it does to the uk . 
  sorry that your upset we did n't want to be in your club . 
  now grow up . 
  you 've already used that one . 
  you ca n't keep using ` you have to give us money or we wo n't let you trade with us ' . 
  eventually , we just wo n't give you money . 
  look at china during the renaissance . 
  it was , and had been for centuries , the biggest state on earth . 
  did n't help . 
  power centralises , becomes inefficient and decadent , stagnates and is eventually overtaken by more vigorous competitors . 
  happened to rome , happened to the mughals , happened to china . 
  there is a limit on how big a group of people can be governed . 
  that limit used to be based on the speed with which communications could be delivered . 
  now it is based on the speed at which they can be understood . 
  the ability of governors to understand information has become the limiting factor on the size of a population to be governed . 
  yeah , wait until they push common corporate tax rates . 
  then we 'll see how big the differences are . 
  ca n't think why people got the impression we were n't getting a good deal as the 2nd biggest net contributor of funds . 
  things that are illegal : - entering formal negotiations while in the eu things that are n't illegal - an informal chat - a joint diplomatic training exercise in which participants split into teams and roleplay as negotiators from the us and uk to produce a hypothetical trade deal . 
  - using the result of that exercise as a basis for talks once we leave . 
  why would n't you ? 
  seems like a really cheap way to improve relations . 
  i got ` my room is upstairs , i swear it wo n't be like last time ', 
  i suggest we give them what they want . 
  lock the lot of them up on a communal farm , guard the border but let them do what they want inside . 
  then after they 've all starved we can lock the next lot up . 
  eventually one of them will make communism work . 
  or they 'll invent capitalism . 
  wow , it 's reverse thatcher, 
  it is discussed in the 1945 famine commission report , but honestly , wikipedia does a good job of summarising the arguments . 
  what utter cunts . 
  someone now has to deal with trying to replace their car with whatever the insurance will pay because these stupid bastards ca n't figure out that in a democracy there 's a way to express your political views without breaking other people 's stuff . 
  except that 's massively simplistic to the point of being utter bullshit . 
  churchill was n't running bengal prior to the famine , and the primary proximate cause was the japanese invasion of burma combined with plant disease and natural disasters . 
  if you want to look at long term causes , mismanagement of the farms , islamic inheritance practices and the destruction of the credit market by the great depression were to blame , again , nothing to do with churchill . 
  churchill 's involvement was to refuse requests for food shipments to be diverted from the european theatre to india . 
  any loss of life you ascribe to him must therefore be weighed against the cost of potential defeat in europe , or against a scenario for victory in europe where the ussr was able to push significantly further before meeting allied forces . 
  i doubt many of the western european countries on here would be keen on volunteering to be a ussr possession . 
  i mean , the question of whether being in charge of belgium is sufficient qualification to lead the eu is pretty reasonable . 
  the mayor of london is n't far down on that in terms of the population he 's responsible for . 
  that said , leading luxembourg is the one i 'd go for . 
  how the hell does running an tax evasion scheme with a population the size of bradford qualify someone to be in charge of the eu commission ? 
  i have far more time for farage , as someone who left a lucrative job to set up a party because he believed in his position , and then spent 23 years campaigning , in the face of a lot of personal attacks , insults and the open hostility of the entire eu system as well as a lot of people at home than for people like boris or corbyn who picked their side in the referendum at the last minute based on what they thought would be best for their own careers . 
  why did n't they bring this up during the campaign ? 
  the working class vote in sunderland could have gone remain if they 'd known about the cosmopolitan art scene . 
  mackems love modern art . 
  we 're coming for you , we 're coming for yoooooou , lithuania we 're coming for you . . 
  sweden seems to be getting the bulk of its net migration from refugees , who mostly do n't work and so do n't factor in . 
  germany has seen basicslly zero population growth since 2007 limiting the growth of cheap labour use . 
  ( by contrast , the uk is up by 4-5 million people over that period ), 
  eu farmers , japanese car companies , by the looks of things, 
  why improve efficiency when you can just import a bunch more cheap workers ? 
  automation is expensive , workers from europe are n't . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-hampshire-40119672 ),
