  eu sets the quotas , uk just decides who gets to use our share . 
  maybe you should take a moment to check you know how the eu works before shooting your mouth off you xenophobic twat . 
  i 'm sure there 's something they could offer us . 
  we 'll start negotiations once they pay the # 100bn bill i just made up for overfishing our waters . 
  well , yeah . 
  the reason the eu is worried about this is because it 's a necessary move if we 're to enforce the 200 mile limit . 
  ( it 'd be a bit mental to have 188 miles of unfishable territory , then a 6 mile shared band ), 
  wow , we did a lot better than i 'd expected . 
  have you not been paying attention for the last few years ? 
  all the actual journalists went when the print edition did . 
  the indy has become as about reliable as the express . 
  i 'd have no issue with us paying the rest of our contributions for the 2014-2020 cycle ( ideally , i 'd go for an extension to the negotiations so that we left at the end of the cycle . 
  it 'd allow the eu to get the money and may to claim that we 're not paying after we leave ) the additional bits of posturing are what worry me , since they suggest the eu is n't keen on good faith negotiations . 
  that being the case , i 'd aim to agree any payment in principle , but make actual payment contingent on the results of trade negotiations . 
  assuming the eu want a trade deal ( and if they care about their people , they should ) , that 'd actually help them get it through national parliaments , since saying ` either you sign the deal or we take the losses out of your development funds ' would motivate most countries . 
  as much as whatever the eu offers is worth . 
  if they keep up the offer of ` maybe there 's a trade deal in this box ' i doubt the number will be large . 
  i count 9 , though the extent of israeli and north korean nukes is tough to know for sure . 
   pay what you owe neat , i 've got # 0 on me . 
  that should cover everything we 're legally obliged to pay . 
  ftas are n't usually covered by the ecj . 
  usually , a joint dispute resolution mechanism is set up with arbitrators selected by both sides . 
  to be fair , the usa and uk signed the [ budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) as well . 
  the problem is that if you read the treaty , it has no real protection against any of the signatories attacking ukraine , since all the others are obliged to do is consult and seek unsc action , which any unsc permanent member can veto . 
  the more countries with nukes , the bigger chance of someone fucking up . 
  i feel that , for fairness sake , no more refugees should be unloaded until at least 10 boatloads have landed at austrian ports . 
  then 1 at a luxembourger port . 
  anyone who can get into a liechtensteinian harbour should be granted asylum, 
  i feel like israel is a bit more competent than you 're giving them credit for . 
  they do n't seem to ever give out any details of their nuclear program , which i find far more worrying in terms of the threat they can pose than the nk rocket tests . 
  israel does n't feel the need to posture with its nukes , and that tells you something about how secure its position is . 
  yeah , but at the moment the alternatives you 're proposing are : wto tariffs from 2019 onwards or pay the eu # 100 bn and then get wto tariffs from 2019 onwards anyway , but maybe someday there might be a trade deal , potentially . 
  you can hopefully see why paying # 100 bn for a mystery box that is almost certain to contain fuck all is n't an attractive prospect . 
  why we 'd agree to it i guess . 
  no , i said i did n't want an exit deal that did n't come with a trade deal . 
  i have no confidence that the eu , having extracted money from the uk , would then proceed to actually make a deal . 
  the only way i can see the trade deal getting through without some petty bastard blocking it is if the exit bill is made contingent on the trade deal actually happening . 
  i mean , nk exists . 
  i am , that 's why i 'd rather there be a sensible trade deal . 
  might be less fine with the dutch people whose jobs rely on the 10 % of dutch exports that go to the uk , but i guess it 's worth tens of thousands of lost jobs if it means the eu gets to feel smug . 
  then there is no point negotiating an exit deal . 
  certainly , there 's nothing apart from a trade deal that would be worth us paying a penny of the eu 's monetary demands . 
  oh look , it 's that clickbait site again . 
  i 'd compare it to buzzfeed , but buzzfeed has actually done some decent work recently . 
  one more time , and see if you can keep up : the nhs budget has gone up in real terms every year since 2010 . 
  now , i know budget has 2 syllables , so it might be tough , but if you sound out the words , i believe you can just about manage it . 
  you can keep posting different indy articles all day , wo n't change the facts . 
  i doubt it 'll even reference them . 
  i linked budget figures provided by the kings fund , a well respected independent healthcare think tank , you linked a barely related article about a specific area of spending from independent.co.uk , a clickbait site running the name of a long dead newspaper into the ground , and you 've got the balls to pretend i 'm the one being manipulated by media ? 
  get a grip , and start dealing with facts rather than bias . 
  the nhs budget has increased in real terms every year since 2010 . 
  that 's not open to debate , it is an objective fact . 
  if you ca n't work that into your worldview , i 'm afraid that you 're faced with a choice of altering your worldview to match reality , or persisting with your delusion . 
  i can take a good guess which you 'll plumb for . 
   the eu has demanded the uk pay for a huge variety of bullshit , most of which the uk never committed to , including paying upfront for the money it would have paid to recapitalise the eib if ireland , portuagal , hungary and others defaulted on loans , paying pensions for eu employees , paying for teachers in eu schools , paying for new offices for the ema and eba and paying a bunch of money for projects the eu wo n't have even started by the time we leave . 
  corrected that for you, 
  the eu has demanded an absurd amount of money from the uk and is refusing to discuss trade until we agree . 
  why exactly should we be acting friendly faced with that ? 
  there 's been no demonstration of any serious intent to make a deal from the eu , so we may as well get moving on the stuff we need to have in place for a no-deal exit . 
  i 'd note that napoleon thought the continent was standing together when he brought the continental system in . 
  did n't work . 
  we 're hardly being unreasonable here , we 've acted so that when we leave the cfp , there wo n't be a random 6 mile stretch of uk waters open to eu boats , with 194 miles of unfishable eez between that and the other areas they can fish . 
  did you really expect us to have that setup ? 
  the nhs budget is n't being cut . 
  it has risen in real terms every year since at least 2010 . 
  it is rising slower than some would like , but that 's not a cut . 
  as to the # 500m per year investment in ni , it represents a pretty trivial increase ( of which a large chunk is going to the nhs , by the way ) , and would n't really make much difference to the nhs in england . 
  [ after all , the nhs budget rose in real terms by # 3.6 bn between 2014/15 and 2015/16 ] ( https://www.kingsfund.org.uk/projects/nhs-in-a-nutshell/nhs-budget ) , and we 've still got people convinced it 's being cut . 
  perhaps you 'd get through to people better if you were n't talking out of your arse . 
  well , the process for withdrawing from the london fisheries convention requires 2 years notice , which we have now given . 
  le touquet requires ` timescales ... agreed between the contracting parties ' so we 'd probably think you 'd breached the treaty if you just breached the treaty . 
  since , you know , that would be what you 'd done . 
  as to what we 'd do about it , my guess is that it 'd involve suspension of the eurostar service and closure of the tunnel , and armed british police on board ferries , chucking off illegal immigrants , very carefully checking french passports while making sure that their weapons are properly maintained and make all the right noises , and so on . 
  well , she actually promised # 1bn of extra investment in northern ireland , one of the poorest regions in the uk and the one most exposed to risk from brexit , in a move ( promising funding for stuff the other party wants done ) reminiscent of pretty much every coalition deal any european parliament has ever had , but do n't let that get in the way of your fun ` all political deals are corruption ' argument . 
  it 's a fishing deal . 
  this is already a response . 
  if the eu negotiators were being reasonable about the exit costs , we would n't be doing this now . 
  it 's like this . 
  if you 're a net contributor like the uk and you criticise the eu , the net contributions are irrelevant and should n't be brought up . 
  if you 're a net recipient and you criticise the eu , you should shut up because you 're getting paid . 
  bit of a catch-22 here . 
  newspapers are n't going to go into meaningful analysis of the policy , and academic papers are rarely published for free if the journal is any good . 
  [ this paper goes into it pretty well ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0308597x10000709?via%3dihub ), 
  you realise that dressing your bullshit in the trappings of game theory does n't give it legitimacy right ? 
  a nash equilibrium is a system whereby no unilateral change can be beneficial . 
  that does n't mean all stable systems are nash equilibria . 
  you 're essentially asserting that any treaty , no matter how detrimental to any given party , must be better than the absence of that treaty , but you give literally no reason why that might be the case . 
  yeah , they are , but the fishing rules fuck scots over pretty badly , and they ca n't really be seen to act against the interests of scottish people on this , given how they 've been performing at the ballot box . 
  i do n't like electronic voting in parliaments . 
  it makes legislating too quick . 
  if you have to spend 10mins walking through the lobby , it gives a tiny bit more time to consider the vote . 
  eu parliament voting sessions remind me of a cattle auction . 
  sure , but they did n't, 
  5 separate entries for the uk . 
  we win parliament having !, 
  notably , the golden chair is the property of the city of london corporation , and every post-war pm has spoken at that event , every year . 
  attlee ( lab ) went there and spoke from that golden lectern while the uk still had food rationing . 
  callaghan ( lab ) spoke from that lectern the same year he had to go begging to the imf for a bailout . 
  every pm goes to the lord mayor 's banquet every year , yet only when it 's a conservative do people start crying about elitism and the furniture . 
  a separate arbitration court made up of pools of appointees from the eu , uk and 3rd countries , the same as was used in ceta .
