  you 'd just buy the mass produced stuff from the big company that can afford to comply and carry on with your life, 
  bugger . 
  try digging nearby , you might strike oil . 
  have you checked the petrol station ? 
  you mean ` the greater gibraltar area ', 
  yeah , croatia looks like hypernorway . 
  good trolling . 
  i was worried you were going to give the germans [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/flag_of_the_british_union_of_fascists.svg/1200px-flag_of_the_british_union_of_fascists.svg.png ), 
  your coat of arms looks like the sort of thing i 'd find on the own brand lager at a posh supermarket , calling itself ` birra italia ', 
  ca n't be fitting shutters in this heat . 
  plus they 'd rot in the winter . 
  there absolutely is . 
  for example , a double glazing system . 
  for heat retention you go : outside / transmissive/gap/insulating glass / inside so the less thermally transmissive glass dumps trapped heat back inside rather than letting it out . 
  for hot countries you go : outside/insulating/gap / transmissive/inside , so that excess heat gets dumped outside . 
  sure , but the way a lot of our double glazing is set up is that your inner panel is designed to be less thermally conductive . 
  so it 'll heat up , and dump the heat back into the home rather than radiating it out . 
  yeah , i was more pointing it out as how we deal with the whole ` unelected vs. elected ' thing . 
  it 's also one of the main reasons i oppose an elected upper chamber and an elected head of state . 
  nobody in those positons should be under the impression that they have a mandate to do anything . 
  when a group is committing crimes at a disproportionally high rate , it makes sense to target that group , even if they are a small portion of the population . 
  that 's why drink driving is illegal in the first place . 
  while drunk drivers were n't responsible for the majority of crashes , they were responsible for a disproportionately high number of crashes , so drunk driving was tackled . 
  likewise , while refugees are n't responsible for the majority of rapes , they are responsible for a wildly disporportional amount of rapes , so it makes sense to target efforts at reducing rape at them . 
  pretty silly approach . 
  if you have 10,000 drivers and 10 crashes in a year , going after the 1 drunk driver who caused 4 of those crashes is more sensible than going after the other 6 people who had one crash each . 
  the uk upper house can be overruled by the parliament . 
  the eu council ca n't . 
  i 'd note , for an international audience , that the decision there was farmed out to an independent body because there was complaint last time mps voted an increase , and the mps were told that they either had to accept the 11 % or abolish the independent body and set their own salaries again . 
  so it 's almost the exact opposite case to the courts overruling the official recommendation . 
  further , it 's worth noting that courts and parliaments should be held to different standards . 
  mps who vote in their own cause can be held accountable by their constituents at an election . 
  judges who rule in their own cause ca n't be subject to similar scrutiny . 
  they have the bit they wanted , which is that no deal on payments will be finalised until we have done the trade deal bit . 
  if that does n't materialise , then the payment bit we had hashed out goes in the bin . 
  i like the idea of ni leaving the uk to stay in the eu but then not joining ireland . 
  plus wales , which voted to leave the eu , suddenly deciding to leave the uk because it was doing the thing they voted for . 
  the system is to only include separatist movements which do n't have majority support . 
  so no catalans , but the welsh are on there . 
  yeah , the 6ish percent of welsh people who support independence will go mental for this . 
  incidentally , the estimates said that about 80 % of the transactions it applied to would happen in london . 
  it would be like the eu putting a huge centralised tax on bratwurst production . 
  to be fair , lots of people did n't want those things . 
  that 's really the point of introducing these unstable projects . 
  the euro and schengen were implemented in unworkable forms because the eu could n't get people to agree to common fiscal or external border policies upfront . 
  so you bring in a system which will fail without such controls , and await the crisis , at which point you do what you always intended to do as a response to the crisis you always intended to have . 
  it 's the foot-in-the-door technique on a continental scale . 
  the uk stayed in too long when it was clear that the destination was n't somewhere we wanted to go , which is why brexit is tough to do . 
  for weaker economies , it 's already too late to get away . 
  leave . 
  we already said that . 
  which is where the weapons come in handy . 
  i mean , that seems like a reasonable candidate for the darwin award there . 
  [ usa-australia fta was less than 2 years from negotiation start to implementation . 
  talks started april 2003 , it came into force january 2005 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia%e2%80%93united_states_free_trade_agreement ) the uk was commited to the eu until 2 years after the triggering of a50 , just like everyone else . 
  the eu has made plans for longer than that , but all of those plans were based in a treaty which had a 2 year departure clause in it . 
  the eu is a club where you can resign at any time with 2 years notice . 
  at the moment the ` use ' the army is being put to is sitting around in eastern europe acting as a deterrent to russian aggression , since we 're a nuclear armed nation and that means attacking a country we have troops in means the end of the world . 
  but sure , send in the dutch army instead . 
  i 'm sure their fearsome record of handing over civillians to be massacred will put the russians right off . 
  someone 's angling for a mossad assisted suicide . 
  as dumb as this was ` imitation rifle ' is pretty overdramatic . 
  it 's an inflatable . 
  i thought we 'd agreed that if we give up the elgin marbles , they go to turkey , and if we give up gibraltar , it goes to portugal . 
  it goes like this : if you want someone to trust you , do n't try to extort money you are n't legally entitled to from them with threats . 
  if the basis of the relationship the eu wants is arbitrary demands for money with no reciprocity , then i 'd rather work from wto terms . 
  weirdly that you felt the need to try to correct me on the numbers despite the fact that 377 is , by any sane definition , more than 340 . 
  normal eu trade deals take upwards of 7 years . 
  countries with efficient governments have been known to knock them out in under 2 . 
  a lot of the groundwork for an fta has already been done , on account of the uk already complying with almost all eu regulations . 
  we do n't owe money , there is no debt . 
  i thought we 'd been through the absence of a legal basis for the demand already . 
  friendly relations rarely involve attempts to extort money , so i guess we 're past that point already . 
  the uk wo n't collapse without an fta . 
  we might have to cut back on a few things if the eu decides to be unreasonable , ( the nato task force in estonia and the funding for refugee camps in north africa which are keeping millions of people from trying to reach europe would be top of my list ) , but we 'll survive and diversify away from the eu . 
  we 're prepared to put the effort into making deals , but we are n't paying money we are n't legally required to pay in exchange for ` maybe we might do a deal later if we feel like it ' . 
  the uk is prepared to be reasonable , but that does n't mean the eu can simply demand whatever it feels like and expect us to pay up for nothing in exchange . 
  first : yes i can , as follows : both are cases of international law which fall under the jurasdiction of the icj . 
  second : it 'd mean we did n't have to pay . 
  third : the whole point is that we 're only going to pay anything if we get a trade deal , because this demand for money only has any standing as part of the negotiations for such a deal . 
  there 's no obligation that we pay , other than that , as you point out , the eu would refuse to do a trade deal otherwise . 
  which was what i was saying to begin with . 
  this is n't about the uk owing money or being obliged to pay a bill , this is about the eu demanding money in exchange for a trade deal . 
  which is fair enough . 
  however , it does rather hinge upon the provision of a trade deal for which to exchange that money , otherwise there will be no money paid . 
  i 'm going to give this one last attempt . 
  hereafter , if you still bring up points that indicate a failure to read the things i link , i 'm going to have to stop responding , as it will be impossible to refrain from recommending that you remove yourself from the gene pool . 
  [ since the article giving a sourced explanation of the unsc 's role and the veto on enforcement did n't make it through to your alleged mind , let 's try an actual case study of a member using that veto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicaragua_v._united_states ), 
  i 've read what you wrote , that 's not the issue . 
  the issue is that , like everything you 've written in this comment chain so far , it 's wrong . 
  it amazes me that you enter into this whole thing by being arrogant and wrong , and when that 's pointed out , you think ` this technique of being a prick about stuff i have no clue about has worked well so far , best double down ' i 'll invite you again to go have a quick look over the icj wikipeida page , since directing you to it once did n't seem to penetrate your evidently monumental self regard . 
  nope . 
  the ecj has jurisdiction while we 're in the eu . 
  if we leave the eu with out paying , we will , by definition , have left the eu , and thus the ecj 's jurisdiction wo n't apply . 
  so we 'd have to go up the chain to the icj , where any permanent member of the unsc can veto enforcement of a decision . 
  the trick to this one is to read carefully . 
  the key thing is that ` i ' and ` e ' are different letters . 
  the icj and ecj are thus entirely different bodies . 
  the unsc has bugger all to do with the ecj , but then the ecj has no jurasdicition on this issue once the uk has left the eu .
