  they march at 140 ppm at the quick march . 
  it 's a survey . 
  they survey tens of thousands of households across 3 month periods . 
  except that 's bollocks . 
  you could at least check before posting . 
  unemployment is calculated using the labour force survey . 
  from the [ ons website ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/employmentandlabourmarket/peopleinwork/employmentandemployeetypes/methodologies/aguidetolabourmarketstatistics#unemployment )  the number of unemployed people in the uk is measured by the labour force survey ( lfs ) and includes people who meet the international definition of unemployment specified by the international labour organisation ( ilo ) . 
  this ilo definition defines unemployed people as being : - without a job , have been actively seeking work in the past 4 weeks and are available to start work in the next 2 weeks - out of work , have found a job and are waiting to start it in the next 2 weeks the claimant count is a different statistic . 
  unemployment in the uk is 1.49 million , the claimant count is 814k, 
   they can fight not according to history . 
  [ you skipped 1815 ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/a8/72/fc/a872fc7d511f74d5c879a7a8cff373e6.jpg ) have a fun day !, 
  not very closely . 
  it is essentially the same components as pancake or crepe batter , though thicker . 
  you mix it and aerate as much as possible , pour into a tray with hot suet in , and then bake it , causing it to rise and become crispy , fluffy and delicious . 
  then you pour gravy into it . 
  of course it was a draw . 
  if someone had won , people would have tried to go to the ` newly conquered territory ' and fallen into the sea, 
  why would he be talking down guinness then ? 
  arthur guinness was from an anglo-irish family , was a unionist and protestant enough that the beer was originally called ` guinness black protestant porter ' . 
  as was said of wellington by the radical opposing him for a seat in the irish parliament , being born in a ireland no more makes a man irish than being born in a barn makes a man a horse . 
  by that token , guinness and his porter are british , no matter what barn they were born in . 
  i have used olive oil before , you just do n't preheat as long . 
  never caused too much trouble . 
  my trick is to get a bit of plain flour or cornflour if you have it , salt and pepper , mix it up , then add a couple of pinches in when you shake up the parboiled potatoes . 
  you get nice crispy bits . 
  if you ca n't be bothered to mix those three super-cheap ingredients together , m&s will sell you ` roast potato seasoning ' which is the same thing in a fancy packet at a quid a go . 
  nah , that 's just showmanship . 
  there 's better pictures on google , but the automod nukes them . 
  ` wenger out ' just got a lot more literal, 
  i think we 're just going back and forth pointing out indicators that are more demonstrative of a difference in culture than indicative of quality . 
  germany produces more patents and fewer papers than the uk , which is consistent with a research sector more focussed on industrial application than fundamental understanding , as one would expect if you treat research primarily as something done by businesses , while the uk does n't produce as many patents , since the academic researchers are naturally less likely to go for directly applicable work , and more likely to pursue academically interesting topics at the expense of practicality . 
  also , patent location is often a function of local enforcement of patent law rather than actual innovation . 
  marshall texas is n't actually home to 1/4 of the r&d in the usa . 
  as i said , uk students tend to go by rankings . 
  i 'd personally say that the inclusion of research in the university makes it materially better in many subjects . 
  i was able to do projects on bits of real research as part of my undergrad , which made the transition to postgrad work a lot smoother . 
  you already have the experience of being given a problem and the facilities to attack it , then left to do real research . 
  it also means that all your lecturers are also researchers , which means you can get information that someone who does n't still work on the cutting edge might not have . 
  hell , we had an entire module in our final year which was basically made up of profs coming in and teaching us about their particular area of chemistry . 
  not generally applicable , but it gave you an idea of the sort of thing you 'd end up with in the real world . 
  for those wishing to experience a proper sunday dinner , i recommend [ jamie oliver 's beef recipe ] ( http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/beef-recipes/perfect-roast-beef/ ) [ mike robinson 's roast potatoes ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/roastpotatoes_92811 ) , though duck fat is n't totally necessary , you can use olive oil unless it 's christmas , when duck or goose fat is mandatory . 
  i have n't got a link to my grandma 's cauliflower cheese recipe , but adding caremelised onions and some halved baby new potatoes ( parboiled ) to [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/cauliflower_cheese_55471 ) should approximate it apart from that , you need some boiled or steamed carrots , broccoli , runner beans and possibly [ braised red cabbage ] ( https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/3064/braised-red-cabbage-with-cider-and-apples ) and a good gravy . 
  then you go for a nice sunday afternoon nap . 
  your statement was , and i quote :  add to this inability to climb the ladder because uni costs are # 9000 per year and not everybody can get a loan . 
  unless you 're from rich family a degree is a luxury . 
  under the current system the only people who ca n't get a loan in the uk are non-residents and people who already have a degree . 
  given that you said ' ** a ** degree is a luxury ' we can reasonably assume you 're not talking about 2nd degrees . 
  that means you can only be talking about non-residents . 
  so my question is this . 
  why does people not ordinarily resident in the uk not being able to get loans from uk student finance mean that ` unless you 're from rich family a degree is a luxury ' ? 
  a more accurate statement would be ` unless you live in the uk , a uk degree is a luxury ' . 
  i 'd note that the french were in charge of the lake tegel one . 
  i guess you need french management and german workers . 
  i assume the french were aiming for 2 years factoring in the expected delays from strikes . 
  i doubt it , since that would mean a greek default , which would mean a banking collapse in germany . 
  so they 'd end up paying out just as much to bail out the banks directly , without the ` we 're being charitable ' cover that routing the bank bailout through greece gave them . 
  more accurately , the interest greece had to pay was -100 % , since they could have defaulted . 
  i wonder how much that would have cost germany in bank bailouts ? 
  or , more accurately , it ranks on citations , and papers written in the commonly used language of science get more citations . 
  hardly the uk 's fault that our unis do n't lose out on citations through the petty nationalism of staff who refuse to publish in international journals because they 'd have to make a bit of extra effort . 
  uk students tend to put a fair bit of focus on uni rankings . 
  the best german uni ( tu munich , as it happens ) ranks 60th in the world . 
  so for a top student in the uk to pick germany , they have to pass up oxford , cambridge , ucl , icl , edinburgh , kcl , manchester , lse and warwick to get to that position on the list ( plus a tonne of other overseas opportunities ) . 
  to get to vienna , we 'd have to go down to 155th , passing another 13 british unis , which is n't that attractive for a top student . 
  certainly , if you have the grades for oxbridge , you would n't consider either of those as a backup , since there are better options closer to home that will certainly take you with those grades . 
  from what i 've seen , most of the people who do n't get into oxbridge end up at durham , because it has old buildings . 
  also , all british students can get a loan for their 1st degree . 
  the people they 're talking about must be non-uk nationals . 
  the town above is actually part of it . 
  it 's designed to deflect man made apocalypses ( nukes etc. ), 
  by convincing those aiming them that they must already have hit slough and forgotten about it . 
  tonnes of basmati in the uk . 
  it 's pretty much our normal rice . 
  ( unless you get the cheap long-grain stuff ), 
  nah , in the european language of the future it 'll be ` police ' . 
  i 'm confused . 
  do you think the right of legislative initiative is a subjective quality , and that from some people 's perspective , meps can author bills and have them go to a vote ? 
  it 's a pretty absolute thing . 
  the commission retains the sole right to author legislation , and also ( as confirmed by a 2015 ecj ruling ) has the right to withdraw legislation after amendments to it have been made . 
  what this means in practice is that no bill can pass through the eu legislature unless the commission approves the wording . 
  to give you an idea of the problem this poses . 
  imagine that you are at a 4 way crossroads . 
  i give you the option of going left , or staying put . 
  are you in control of where we go , or am i ? 
  can you be said to have self-determination if you can only approve or reject my suggestions , and ca n't act on your own initiative ? 
  whether or not you like the eu , it is important to understand that it is n't perfect , and pretending that the problems it has do n't exist is exactly how you end up with things like brexit . 
  i mean , you were suggesting that your idea of humour is to caption basically any picture of a politician with ` toilets of [ place that politician is from ] ' . 
  it 's not about your gender , or where you are from , it 's just the approximate level of humour one would expect from an 8 year old . 
  whoops . 
  i took the demographically probable option . 
  still , simple tastes . 
  you 're evidently a man of simple tastes . 
  give it a few years . 
  if you ever join us , the first thing we do is dig a big moat around the netherlands , then have you lot polder your way across to join the island . 
  looks like an abrams to me , so that 'd be the usa . 
  [ nato excercises in bulgaria ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/nato-military-drills-eastern-europe-begin-bulgaria-48564525 ), 
  damn , it 's gon na take a while to put 50k in coins in that slot . 
  you 'd probably have shit yourself before you got in . 
  oh , london is a little under 45 % white british . 
  i excluded it because it massively skews the national average if you include it .
