  yes it does . 
  look at the data rather than just assuming that you 're right . 
  if you go into the dropdown on revenue , you can look up the breakdown of revenue which factors in the rebate . 
  the overall figures are post-rebate , and have the uk down by 11.5 bn euro, 
  yeah , the issue being that the general principles include bullshit like ` you get no share of the assets , but full share of any liabilities ', 
  does the ecj have jurisdiction over eu citizens in canada ? 
  [ and in 2015 the uk contributed net 11.5 bn euro to france 's 5.5 bn . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) last i checked , our gdp was n't double france 's . 
  [ yeah , there 's no way a bunch of banks would work together to do something illegal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libor_scandal ), 
  this would work better if we were n't a much bigger net contributor than france . 
  much like the usa , we 've seen drops in the ` do people like you ' and ` are you setting the agenda by doing as you 're told ' metrics ( government and polling ) but made up for it in the others . 
  this just in - macron 's brand of populism plays better internationally than trump 's . 
  more at 10 . 
  why the hell would they give an estimate ? 
  if they go low , the eu briefs that they 're being unreasonable and that they ca n't possibly be expected to negotiate with these lunatics . 
  if they go high , the eu says the same thing and publishes an even higher number , and they get stuck with an already high estimate as a floor . 
  if the eu wants money , it 's gon na have to come out with the number , and then defend that number to the people they claim to represent . 
  mff agreement , line 1 :  having regard to the treaty on the functioning of the european union , and in particular article 312 thereof , welp , there goes that argument , turns out that the mff agreement only has legal standing through the tfeu . 
  so your position is that the eu is going to make no attempt whatsoever at negotiation , simply stating its position and then refusing compromise of any sort , and that the lack of progress will therefore be the fault of the british team for not realising that the eu team could n't care less about the wellbeing of their people as long as they can keep their precious political project going , and are thus quite happy to sit and wait for a no deal exit ? 
  how could one be so unprepared as to show up to a negotiation with the intent of negotiating , rather than simply demanding stuff then throwing a hissy fit in the media if your demands are n't immediately met ? 
  ` person who wrote eu treaties is pro-eu . 
  more at 10 ', 
  by that definition , barnier is as unready as davis . 
  all he 's presented are absurd demands . 
  take us to court if you believe you 're owed . 
  i imagine the icj judges would get a good laugh out of it . 
  they are ready , they just are n't going to capitulate . 
  reading beyond the headlines is the important part . 
  this is some new definition of ` ready ' meaning ` prepared to agree to all our demands ' . 
  if barnier wants to try playing media games and stalling , good luck to him . 
  his chance to get a penny out of the uk expires in 1 year and 8 months . 
  so you 're saying that scrapping the cap would be a better move than running a water taxi service ? 
  i agree . 
  yeah , but there 's a pretty big gap between ` no aggression ' and ` enough aggression to merit an invasion ' . 
  that 's rather like saying that there ca n't have been any really bad crimes in the uk since we joined the eec since we have n't executed anyone for them . 
  hooray , only unofficial support for terrorism . 
  as long as it 's not official , i 'm sure the dead people 's families wo n't mind . 
  russia does n't officially have troops in ukraine either , so are we all right to say that ukraine has n't been invaded ? 
  well , unless you count the irish doing everything short of actually fighting with the ira in ni . 
  it 's not aggression if they just supply arms , funding and safe haven to terrorists , is it ? 
  if you 're leaving uni onto a # 35k salary and end up on # 151k by the time you 're 30 years clear of uni , then it hardly seems unfair that you pay back more , since you 've clearly got very good value for money ( since you are graduating onto a salary 30 % above the uk average wage ), 
  i think you 're forgetting that for the majority of the time the heart of europe had a big line through it , and only half of it was party to those precursors , the other half being part of a slightly different ideological commitment . 
  again , i see no argument to suggest that for the period between 1945 and 1991 the precursors to the eu are any more deserving of credit for keeping european peace than the ussr . 
  the eu has simply lasted longer . 
  yeah , like they said , helping with the crisis . 
  admittedly , helping to cause it rather than solve it , but helping nonetheless . 
  and mad prevented all the rest of the war . 
  honestly , up until 1991 , you could give same reasoning the eu is using to justify itself there as a reason why the ussr was a good thing . 
  yep . 
  it 's too bloody hot . 
  it 's 23 where i am right now , and if the safety officer would let me wear shorts at work , i 'd be wearing shorts . 
  well , they 've clearly gone for formality , hence the belt , shirt and black shoes , but they 're also trying not to overheat the kid . 
  it 's basically what you might see a normal kid wearing to a summer wedding . 
  there are over 40,000 paid lobbyists in brussels . 
  corporations would n't be paying out if they were n't getting return on investment . 
  or for that matter ` i 'm in favour of european co-operation , but i do n't like the increasing centralisation the eu represents , nor do i believe the eu in its current form is capable of changing in a way i consider positive ', 
  because it was 23 degrees in warsaw yesterday and there 's no good reason to boil the poor sod . 
  there 's no exit deal without a trade deal though . 
  there 's simply no reason why the uk would want one . 
  there are n't enough uk citizens in the uk for us to care , nor can the eu afford to be seen deporting them if the uk unilaterally allows eu citizens to stay , which we would in a no-deal exit . 
  so what does the uk stand to gain from making a deal ? 
  trade is the only point of leverage . 
  take that away , and there 's no reason we 'd bother . 
  thatcher saved it by breaking the unions . 
  the eec was a money sink for the most part , and ideas like the erm caused a lot of problems ( seriously , who 'd try to peg a bunch of different economies to a single exchange rate . 
  it basically guaranteed collapse unless there was constant large scale wealth transfer . 
  good thing nobody did anything like that again ), 
  that was after we joined the eec , and due to strikes . 
  so what we 've learned is that a german driving a car designed in italy by a company owned by a dutch investment firm owned by italians is marginally better so far than a british person driving a car designed in the uk by a german company owned by a variety of groups including kuwait 's investment fund . 
  oh , and something about finland . 
  not really . 
  companies do n't care how much it costs you to live , they care how little they can get away with paying you . 
  that 'll do . 
  my other option was a pike , their national fish . 
  i maintain our flag should just be a unicorn , a dragon , a lion and ian paisley ( ni does n't have a national animal ) . 
  it 'd look like van art . 
  or perhaps we could represent ni by only ever allowing it to be flown in the form of a mural on the end of a row of houses . 
  we 're trying our best , ok . 
  i swear , we just had it working . 
  i 'd argue that germany losing a war is n't exactly analogous to the us and french overthrowing their rulers , but the point stands . 
  students , the disabled , stay at home parents and those who have taken early retirement are n't considered unemployed unless they are seeking work , true . 
  presumably this is because the ilo does n't approve of sending out press gangs as a method of reducing unemployment . 
  not sure why it would be useful to include people not looking for work in the figures . 
  might as well add children and retirees if we 're counting those too sick to work as unemployed, 
  if history teaches us anything , they 're just using spain to test out the technology , and we 're gon na wake up one day soon and find they 've put a massive towel over the sudetenland . 
  ` ladies , gentlemen , and undignified peasants of all genders ' is my suggestion . 
  as an alternative ` listen here you ` orrible lot ' , in the voice michael palin demonstrates [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlj8ilie780 ), 
  contrary to what you have been told by / u/0xffffail the way it is actually calculated is not claimant count ( a separate metric which is currently 840k ) , but through the labour force survey , a 3 month rolling survey that involves over 50,000 households each 3 month period . 
  they collect data on the employment status of the occupants , using the ilo defnintion of unemployment , wherin :  unemployed people [ are defined ] as those without a job who have been actively seeking work in the past 4 weeks and are available to start work in the next 2 weeks . 
  it also includes those who are out of work but have found a job and are waiting to start it in the next 2 weeks . 
  [ more information on the lfs , the definition of unemployment used and the separate claimant count metric are available on the ons website here ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/employmentandlabourmarket/peopleinwork/employmentandemployeetypes/methodologies/aguidetolabourmarketstatistics#unemployment ), 
  no it is n't . 
  it is calculated from the labour force survey based on the international labour organisation definitions of unemployment . 
  the claimant count is 840k , not 1.49 m. 
  please check these things before posting inaccurate information . 
  88 paces a minute ? 
  shit , that 's almost as slow as the rifles ' slow march would be . 
  if they ever slow marched . 
  which , for historical reasons they do n't .
