  at which point spain would presumably veto in one of those ' i told you that if you left i 'd be a cunt about it , so my being a cunt for no good reason is totally your fault ' moves . 
  the simple solution to the problem , it would seem , would be for madrid to grant an official referendum . 
  if , as you claim , the majority do n't want independence , they solve all their problems in one go , preventing the misuse of funds and settling the question of catalan independence for decades to come . 
  and the best bit is that you do n't have to ignore anyone 's rights to do it . 
  that 'll make them want to stay , i 'm sure . 
  spain 's ` fingers in ears , humming loudly ' approach to catalan independence basically guarantees it will happen , and in the most damaging possible way . 
  that was the communists iirc . 
  i was n't aware of any pro-centrist street battles, 
  ok , there 's a couple of major issues with his arguments : 1 . 
  the suggestion that the uk would still have a judge in the ecj after brexit . 
  no reason to expect this to be the case , and no way we could formally require it to be the case , since even as it stands , the custom of approving one judge from each member state is just that , a custom , not a rule . 
  once the uk ceases to be a member state , there is no reason to expect a british ecj judge , when no 3rd country has ever been able to select a judge for the ecj ( nor , for that matter have the eea members that barnier recently confused for 3rd countries ) 2 . 
  he makes out that an arbitration body would be some sort of colossal diplomatic undertaking that would be almost impossible to organise , despite similar bodies existing for pretty much every fta in the world . 
  ` it might have to sit continuously ' is presented as if turning up to work every week is some sort of absurd and unreachable goal which nobody could ever expect of a court . 
  he also tries to conflate the total workload of the ecj with the much smaller portion which would relate to disputes between the uk and eu . 
  he also seems to just assume that may is confusing the two european courts without any evidence . 
  he never really backs up the assertion beyond ` they 've both annoyed her as home sec ', 
  airport travelex in ` still a ripoff ' shocker, 
  same reason people cheered for the original recipe . 
  when the moderates ignore what the people want , extremists will exploit that gap . 
  in hindsight , it might have been better if those who came before hitler spent less time bitching about how mean the nazis were and more time building infrastructure so that the nazis would n't seem like a necessary evil . 
  if moderates act with disregard for what the people want , then populists and extremists will use that space to gain ground . 
  by allowing ngos to operate as people smugglers , the governments are allowing a situation where the far right are can present themselves as the reasonable alternative . 
  how much evidence of involvement in people smuggling does it take for msf to stop being a well respected organisation ? 
  how much crime does their reputation excuse , exactly ? 
  tower hamlets : 49 % child poverty , nearly double the national average rate of unemployment , lowest male life expectancy of any london borough , home of near constant electoral fraud , and the best thing the council can find to do with their time is shutting down lemonade stands . 
  ukip also want to take part in legislation . 
  largely , this takes the form of voting against expansion of eu powers . 
  ouch . 
  by the time you 've finished a phd , that should n't be the case . 
  there 'll be people who know more about the general area , but you should be the world expert on your little bit . 
  oh , right . 
  that 's pretty bad . 
  ours is 0 % presentation , 100 % grilling and yeah , the average is 3 or 4 hours . 
  some academics have been known to go for much longer ( they do n't usually get invited to viva once they 've established a reputation for going for 8 hours or longer . ), 
  that said , it 's rare to outright fail . 
  usually you get either minor or major corrections ( the former being wording changes , the latter being a couple more experiments that need doing ) . 
  if you fail , it 's your supervisor who fucked up , because they should never have let you submit . 
  he named norway , apparently forgetting that norway is in the eea . 
  i await the pisstaking that follows similar mistakes by uk officials . 
  yeah , i think it 's a dying tradition . 
  i know a couple of my lecturers had people do it at their unis in the 80s , but i doubt you 'd get away with it today . 
  why ? 
  there 's no reason you should n't be able to voice dissent in a parliament . 
  the snp stand for the uk parliament , despite wanting to leave the uk , because they feel that the people who want to leave the uk deserve representation as much as those who do n't . 
  farage stood for the ep on a similar basis . 
  worth noting that in the uk at least , the external examiner gets a print copy , not a pdf , and the thesis is not made available to the public prior to the defence , just the internal and external examiners . 
  they hardly have a choice though . 
  they are n't going for unilateral independence as a first choice , they are doing it after the ` community of laws ' that is the eu has utterly failed to give them any other option for independence . 
  they are being told that they must either live under a government they feel does n't represent them or go look for someone who is prepared to tolerate their independence . 
  putin is a last resort for a community whose rights have been totally ignored by the eu . 
  when putin is the only hope for a country in europe to be able to function in line with the wishes of its people , then the eu has done something severely wrong . 
  i mean ` illegally ' as long as you hold the spanish constitution to be valid . 
  i 'd argue that any constitution which forces a population to remain part of a country against their express wishes is , in itself , illegal . 
  interim loans could always be sourced from interested parties . 
  i 'd hope to see uk collaboration with the universities of an independent catalonia , and expect to see russian money going in if the eu decided not to engage with catalonia . 
  hey , at least it shows we 're still producing new stuff people want to visit . 
  we have awesome museums for old stuff too , but unlike most of europe , our most popular thing is new , rather than old ( all the museums ) or really old ( the matterhorn ), 
  i think that 's probably a better system , and i 'm very happy that the uk does n't have it . 
  do you have open room defences where anyone interested can show up ? 
  in the uk it 's just you , an internal from your uni and an external expert from another uni, 
  assuming that catalonia would continue the spanish policy of not bothering to fund r&d, 
  i 've found things like ` put nmr data here ' in published papers before now . 
  there 's also the thesis game of the ` whisky footnote ' . 
  on about page 20 of the expermimental section , you add a footnote reading ` if you read this far through the experimental , congratulations , you won a bottle of whisky ' . 
  in your viva , you walk into the room , put a bottle of whisky on the table . 
  when the academic says ` what is that for ' you reply ` oh , never mind ' and put it back in your bag . 
  they pay a given sum each year based on the net contributions of the last 3 years iirc . 
  it all gets paid back eventually , but it 's not instantaneous as some seem to think . 
  as net contributions have sharply risen , the rebate is somewhat behind . 
  damn , in that case , we 'll have to go back to refusing any application which does n't have a criminal record check attached . 
  well , this is going to be fag packet maths , but we can find some stats on foreign nationals in prison ( so this is n't going to be all crime ) [ here ] ( http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/sn04334/sn04334.pdf ) to pull examples out , we can get that 1.08 % of the prison population is polish , roughly in line with their share of the uk population ( slightly below , in fact , their 1.29 % share ) romanian citizens , on the other hand , are overrepresented by nearly 3x , providing 0.77 % of prisoners despite being just 0.27 % of the uk population . 
  i do n't have the data to make an overall judgement on eu immigrants ' criminality relative to the average brit , but certain countries are certainly better than others . 
  checking your criminal record , by definition , ca n't be refused innocently , since the only information it can reveal is your criminal record . 
  you could refuse a search because there is something you find embarrassing but not illegal on your person . 
  these are n't criminal proceedings , they 're immigration checks . 
  next . 
  the simple answer is that they are the most identifiable face of mass immigration in some areas . 
  look at boston , for example . 
  in 2001 their biggest immigrant group was 249 germans . 
  by 2011 over 10 % of the town was from eastern europe , and the primary school has 62 % of kids from migrant backgrounds , mostly with little or no understanding of english . 
  that sort of rapid change is going to make a lot of people very angry . 
  it is the responsibility of the eu to negotiate a deal that is in the best interests of its members . 
  either they believe that no deal whatsoever is the best way forward , or they are failing in that responsibility by making absurd demands . 
  i post as if it does n't matter in this case . 
  mostly because , as i 've explained , it does n't . 
  proving , not proofing 2 . 
  do n't link the independent as if it 's a reliable source 3 . 
  the usual means of dealing with disputes in treaties is a common dispute resolution mechanism , rather than simply demanding that your courts be allowed to dictate to the other country . 
  i understand the difference . 
  you fail to understand that the difference is not one relevant to the matter at hand . 
  the previous status of a country has no bearing on whether it should allow foreign courts jurasdiction within its territory . 
  to take a leaf from your book ( presumably entitled ` being a twat in 1 easy step ' ) do n't bother replying until you 've got something to say about the actual topic of the debate . 
  they are , from the point of view of retaining the courts , functionally identical , which is to say , utterly irrelevant . 
  simple solution . 
  we make the checks voluntary . 
  anyone who refuses is acting in a manner that would lead a reasonable person to suspect that they are hiding something . 
  we then have reasonable suspicion that they have a criminal record , and thus can be checked without violating the rule against systematic checks . 
  why should that matter ? 
  if what places used to be part of mattered , most of the continent would still be answerable to the russian courts , and the rest to the german ones .
