  man fails to follow legally mandate procedure , is prosecuted . 
  i dunno , seems like the sort of thing people were getting upset at greece not doing not too long ago . 
  just a note , and it 's something i 've come across on here before , ` paki ' is considered an offensive term in the uk ( fairly long history of use as a term of abuse i 'm afraid ) . 
  quite often european people are n't aware of this , but using it makes you sound ( to british ears at least ) like a racist . 
  yeah , the problem there is that ` we think trapeze artists totally deserve funding ' does n't make the fact that they spent money funding them a myth . 
  they have a few actual falsehoods and a lot of shit they just disagree with the papers about the usefulness of and have lumped them all onto that page in an attempt to gish gallop their way past a bunch of legitimate criticism . 
  cunning as a fox who 's just been appointed professor of cunning at oxford university . 
  it begins . 
  hollande managed 4 % , can macron go lower ? 
  ( french presidencies are scored like golf as i understand it ), 
  i think this sort of thing is missed out on a lot in the rush to scream ` racist ' at leave voters . 
  the eu uses a system of parliaments , laws , treaties and approaches to democracy that are fundamentally alien to the uk . 
  it is , as one could reasonably expect given its membership , very much based off of contiental models of what a parliament should look like and off of continetnal systems of law . 
  the uk does n't fit well into those . 
  what we recognize as a parliament includes such things as a meaningful opposition . 
  the idea of the grand coalition is something that happened to the uk only in wars , and for a brief period between ww1 and ww2 . 
  it is , for the uk , the response to an utter disaster , triggered only by world wars and the great depression . 
  for the eu parliament , that 's business as usual , and that does n't sit well with uk sensibilities , wherein the opposition is supposed to provide hostile scrutiny throughout the term of a government followed by a clear choice at elections . 
  when the socialists are sitting in coalition with the conservatives , one begins to wonder what the point of choosing between them is . 
  in all fairness , distance to power is not just a percieved problem at the electorate 's end . 
  as the distance to power grows , accountability to individuals fall , as does the importance of individuals . 
  as such , you end up with a system wherein parties are very powerful , which dehumanzies the process , and where individual corruption is much easier to perform unnoticed and much less damaging when discovered . 
  hell , under the party list system the uk uses , i 'm pretty sure you could get a convicted murderer running on a platform of stealing everything that is n't fixed down and assaulting any constituent he meets elected fine as long as he was top of a labour or tory list . 
  where did we end up on the girl who says she got spit on and that the police laughed at her ? 
  last i saw , there was very little evidence that either thing happened . 
  i 'd argue that there 's a difference between putting up with economic damage for the sake of making a change you feel is beneficial to the country in the long term and wishing for damage to prove those who disagreed with you wrong . 
  it 's the difference between a general accepting that they will accept some casualties to achieve the objective and the westboro baptists hoping that god kills some soldiers . 
  honestly , they could give the eu lot some tips at this point . 
  for example , when attempting to extort money from someone , tell them how much money you want , rather than asking them to guess . 
  if i was you i 'd have gone for carl bosch . 
  all the ` billions are alive because of him ' of fritz haber , with none of the chemical weapons research, 
  i mean , if you were going to troll / r/europe , you 'd make farage win . 
  i mean , only if you 're also shirtless , and only in some areas . 
  the correct response would be to refuse boats carrying msf personnel access to italian waters . 
  if you do n't like the rules , go play somewhere else . 
  at what point does it become bribery ? 
  not really , an equivalent comparison would be to ask remainers if it was worth incurring significant economic damage to stay in the eu , or asking leavers if it would be worth significant economic damage to see the eu collapse and thus teach the remainers a lesson . 
  either you compare ` suffering for action ' with ` suffering for action ' or ` suffering for smugness ' with ` suffering for smugness ' . 
  the current comparison is smugness vs action , and it 's not surprising that more people are prepared to suffer for an outcome they believe is better than are prepared to suffer in order to be smug at people they disagree with . 
  it does . 
  when asked if something is a ` price worth paying ' there is the implication that you are choosing between 2 scenarios , one in which the price is not paid and thus the benefit is not gained , and one in which the price is paid in exchange for the benefit . 
  they are thus saying that , given the option , they 'd see major economic damage and leavers being ` taught a lesson ' as a preferable scenario to neither of those things happening . 
  otherwise the price would not be worth paying . 
  hooray , 64 % of a given group meet a very low bar of basic decency . 
  at a guess , the one who does n't have the vested financial interest in a particular answer . 
   they 'd no longer have the british open . 
  i guess they 'd either keep the name or rename it the scottish open if relations got really sour . 
  i doubt the uk would be rushing to force them to stop calling stuff british . 
  got ta say , i 'm disappointed with the raf . 
  even belgium made the list . 
  we ca n't be less provocative then belgians . 
  the uk is one of those places iirc, 
  the argument is , i believe , that allowing things like these dolls ( and indeed , drawn child pornography ) normalise the paedophilia and act as a gateway . 
  no idea if that 's backed up by any evidence though . 
  yep . 
  they still toast the king of sweden with akvavit every year on october 17th . 
  to be fair , we were busy beating france on the other front , with the help of the portugese troops and spanish irregulars , as well as the presence of some official spanish troops . 
  no , they 've let them have 25 . 
  i assume the building owner is hoping germany will step in to stop db collapsing . 
  economics 103 : not every effect is instantaneous . 
  i never said that the two balanced out , indeed it 's essentially impossible to make such judgements ( how many people did fritz haber and carl bosch allow to live , and if it 's more than died in the holocaust , does germany break even ? ), 
  just that if i must apologise for slavery , i see no reason why i should not also be thanked for figuring out gravity or writing hey jude , since i was just as involved in the latter as i was in the former . 
  if people want sympathy for their experiences under british rule , i would invite them to consider how lucky they are to have lived to such a spectacularly old age . 
  uk overtook france in net contributions in 2015, 
  also , i flatly refuse to get started on apologising for the bad things my ancestors did until someone comes and thanks me for the good things they did . 
  either i 'm responsible for the things the empire did , in which case i expect credit for a pretty significant portion of mankind 's scientific , technological and cultural achievement over a pretty long period as well as the complaints about conduct , or i 'm not , in which case , yes , historically people were shit to each other . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be prosecuted for it any minute now . 
  yeah . 
  they 're getting right on it . 
  any day now . 
  just as soon as they sort out that surplus . 
  which is exactly why the uk should n't engage with the stupid ` guess what number i 'm thinking of ' game the eu is demanding they play . 
  provide evidence of any kind and i 'll gladly give it a look . 
  so far all you 've done is contradict without supporting evidence . 
   no i did n't read your link  proceeds to misread the fucking link then act like ignorance is impressive there 's very little point continuing if you 're going to just flatly ignore evidence out of laziness or arrogance . 
  it 'd be entertaining . 
  i wonder how many areas would have to leave before they started considering the ema to be cursed . 
  i took it from the wikipedia article i linked earlier . 
  which rather confirms my suspicions about you not reading it . 
  [ here it is again ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) ( obviously , i picked out the bits i considered most important , since i do n't think either of us is that fussed about lacking a veto on sport policy ) it 's a little simplistic ( for example , the uk can veto longterm eu budgets , but the eu can still pass annual budgets by qmv indefinitely , rather than it being entirely qmv ) but functionally correct . 
  can you explain how the following are ` non-important things ' ? 
  - asylum - immigration - the eu budget - energy - common defense policy - intellectual property - criminal law - criminal and judicial co-operation - the rules governing the ecj - freedom of movement - social security i feel like you have n't checked through the list of what is under qmv before replying . 
  national vetoes are only useful in areas where vetoes apply ( a group that got way smaller when the option to used the nice voting rules expired in 2014 . 
  there 's a huge table of the areas that moved to qmv at that point [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) they 're also no use if the treaty is simply reinterpreted without a vote , since you ca n't veto a change if that is not , legally speaking , considered to be a change . 
  before the greek bailout , article 125 was the ` no bailout clause ' and prevented bailouts . 
  afterwards , with no official change in the law and no vote of any kind , bailouts were suddenly perfectly ok . what use is a veto on changes to the treaty when that can happen ? 
  it 's not about solidarity with greece , it 's about the principles which lead to their being put in that position . 
  once the eu starts ignoring the treaties whenever the treaties do n't suit , the uk 's sovereignty is at risk , and we 're out . 
  we 're not up for federalisation by reinterpretation of the law . 
  the eurozone is part of the eu , and once we start ignoring articles of the treaty that do n't suit the commission , that 's not just a eurozone problem , that 's a problem for every eu member that cares about the rule of law . 
  which is apparently just the uk . 
  the eu has n't needed a new treaty for years . 
  the expansion of eu competencies has proceeded quite well without any need for treaty change . 
  since lisbon they have turned greece into a puppet state for all practical purposes , forced mario monti on italy without any sort of election and generally expanded powers far beyond where they stood in 2007 . 
  why bother with a new treaty when you can just selectively ignore the existing one when it no longer suits you ( article 125 for example , has been reinterpreted out of any meaningful existence to allow for bailouts ), 
  but a lot more than some other papers would have their readers believe, 
  interesting . 
  that 'd effectively mean a massive increase in research funding to most countries ( assuming he 's talking about keeping the actual amount of funding constant ) . 
  horizon funding was one of the few areas where the eu allocated less cost to the uk than it did funding . 
  you 'll note that their comparison runs to per capita first , and then to ppp once we 're at an ` individual person ' level .
