  i feel like that quote might be cameron 's greatest political achievement . 
  they are in the process of getting ready to join the euro . 
  they have been since they joined the eu in 1994 . 
  they 're totally going to get round to it soon though , honest . 
  they 'll join just after sweden does . 
  seems like a sensible option to keep open . 
  my favourite bit is where they 've hooked a gas line up to the tap of a separating funnel . 
  no fucking idea what that 's supposed to be doing, 
  she 's actually ` high representative ' for it , not president . 
  it 's a commission job under juncker . 
  the last terrorist attack we in the uk had was from the britain first anti-islam lot . 
  the real terrorists are on both sides now . 
  if denmark gets invaded by russia , the uk will offer our traditional assistance . 
  that is to say , we 'll invade slightly earlier and nick all your boats, 
  despite appearances , merkel does n't actually run the eu . 
  i 'm talking about the heads of the commission , council , parliament , cjeu , ecb and the court of auditors . 
  shame all the eu 's women are in junior positions really . 
  it 'd be nice to see a female president of the commission at some point . 
  hell , it 'd be nice if even one of the major eu positions of power was held by a woman . 
  honestly , when there are countries in the eu that still have n't ever had a female head of government , there 's never been a female president of the eu commission or a female permanent president of the council , and every major eu institution is currently headed by a man ( that 's the council , commission , parliament , cjeu , ecb , court of auditors and the brexit negotiation team ) , i do n't really worry about whether the uk 's team has enough women on it . 
  seems we 've got them where it counts ( 2 of the top 4 goverment ministers in the uk are women , including the pm ), 
  send a letter to their hq . 
  ( hint : if you spell your name correctly , you wo n't be allowed to join ), 
  it 's almost like whoever used the first one had an agenda . 
  oh look , it 's the grauniad . 
  new political terminology : ` grasping at straw polls ' : when one has to resort to polls with a tiny unrepresentative sample to back up one 's point of view . 
  should be , yeah . 
  opens up a market to them . 
  it 's pretty mental , for example , that the uk imports more coffee from germany than from africa . 
  ( because the eu puts big tariffs on roasted coffee to protect the industry in the eu , meaning that not much of the actual money for the coffee ends up in the countries that grow it ), 
  that was 29th march . 
  not sure if it was june . 
  from what i read , may made an offer for a quick bilateral in november and merkel shot it down . 
  unfortunately , the commission are n't making the decision , and we 've already reached the negotiation stage of the whole affair , so the time for unilateral offers is has passed . 
  i 'd also note that this document is from 29 may this year 11 months after the vote and about 2 weeks before negotiations started , so i do n't think it 's reasonable to consider it a serious motion towards a unilateral offer . 
  no need . 
  without eu tarriffs , they 'll be much cheaper to get from africa . 
  and put massive tariffs on certain imported crops . 
  that sounds ideal . 
  robots do n't require tax credits , child benefit or any of the other costs minimum wage workers impose on the government . 
  i 've seen a lot of hype . 
  it remains to be seen if he 'll actually live up to it . 
  then why has n't anyone in the eu done it ? 
  yeah , that 's a view that will surely show up in polling any day now . 
  which leads to compression at the bottom end and cost savings through poorer working conditions . 
  if there 's a glut of cheap labour but government stops you from paying peanuts , you treat the workers like animals . 
  when the hell did you ever get the idea the eu was a democracy ? 
  power is distributed based on money , votes are distributed based on having a flag . 
  why else would a maltese vote be worth over 10x as many meps as a german one ? 
  because breaking up a country is n't generally a good thing for the people in it , and it 's not like the catalan situation where they 're being held back . 
  they had a vote , they voted to stay in the uk , and the polling has n't moved since . 
  it 's frankly weird how much eu people seem to want regions of the uk to leave against the will of their occupants, 
  yeah , but you see , we 're all racists , but macron is a god-child who can do no wrong . 
  or ` workers spending more than 10 % of their working time in a given month outside their country of registration will have a minimum wage equal to the highest minimum wage of any member country worked in during that month ', 
  more accurately , we 're generally fine with skilled migrants regardless of background . 
  if you earn enough to pay your way ( and i mean , you personally , not a net figure across thousands of people ) , there 's no issue . 
  in other words , people do n't mind middle class migrants . 
  labour want to bring in an ftt . 
  banks really care about losing 0.5 % every time they make a trade . 
  that 's a massive problem for them . 
  remember when you guys used to have a big finance industry , then you brought in an ftt and about half of the business fucked off to london ? 
  ( and as a bonus , it raised about 3 % of the revenue it was predicted to raise , leading to it being abandoned in 1991 ) they want to bring in the same ftt , but while raising corporation tax , tax on high earners and leaving the eu . 
  they want a bank tax so aggressive and damaging that sweden gave up on it . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  but the portion of the world 's population that is both well off and non-eu takes care of that . 
  the usa and japan have a total population larger than the eu-27 . 
  not that i 've come across . 
  deporting 3 million people is way more trouble than it is worth at this point . 
  typographical errors from the guardian are n't exactly unheard of . 
  there 's a reason it is nicknamed the grauniad . 
  good old grauniad . 
  some traditions die hard it seems . 
  coming from a richer country is n't as important as being a skilled worker . 
  i 'll take an indian guy doing a degree over someone with no qualifications coming from the eu to work in a factory putting sandwiches in boxes . 
  net migration is 62.4 % of the increase , while as of 2012 , around 60 % of births/deaths was accounted for by non-uk born births/deaths . 
  so if you add the children of immigrants in , we get a low-end estimate of 85 % of population growth being due to immigration . 
  pretty much , with a side of ` in the shit working conditions we 've made no effort to improve ', 
  pretty simple . 
  resources are finite . 
  the larger the group you apply finite resources to the smaller the effect . 
  one man pushing a 1kg block gets a lot of movement . 
  one man pushing a 10 tonne block gets nothing . 
  if you target your resources at the sections of the population with the highest rates of rape , you 'll get better results than targeting the general population . 
   not even the british . 
  depends . 
  put one foot in belgium and we nuke the lot of you . 
  i mean , 2 of those having nukes might also have been a big part . 
  also half of germany was basically at war with western europe for most of the time since ww2 . 
  weird how this point of view is popular when italians suggest it , but when it 's made in reference to the uk , it gets downvoted all to hell . 
  sorry , you have to keep the yellow . 
  we all know what happens when you just have red and black . 
  as with france , some historic flags have been used . 
  ` remember , i want to put my staff with a little statue of me on it on the flag ' . 
  ` but sire , we need another staff so we can cross them , or it 'll look weird ' . 
  ` shit . 
  i dunno , use my fingering stick or something ', 
  since the major defining characteristic of the irish language is that nothing should sound how it looks , i can only assume this would entail smiling broadly and winking at people . 
  we 're in favour of common eu foreign policy , just as long as we are n't in it . 
  i feel like anyone who does n't directly interact with the regulations will be fine with them . 
  if a small business is killed because they could n't afford the equipment to test the colour of their honey to the approved standards and thus could n't sell it in supermarkets , you 'd never know .
