interesting note on the uk one ` white person ' comes in at 92 % . 
  the uk has a total white population of 87.17 % . 
  so , assuming that the number of white hating whites are negligible , we get a roughly 38 % rate of non-white people being ok with their child dating a white person , as compared to ~ 79 % acceptance of asians by non-asians and 80 % acceptance of blacks by non-blacks ( do n't have uk roma numbers , sorry , but odds are they are small enough that the number would be basically unchanged ) from this , we can pretty clearly see which racial group in the uk is most disliked by the others . 
  do you make all your predictions for currency futures based on your inability to find good deals ? 
  as is tradition . 
  [ show them an accurate map ] ( http://imgur.com/xyx2gjx ), 
  england is neutral good , as we 've been trying to explain to everyone for years . 
  we manage to project our culture pretty well even without hurling money at it . 
  finnish government notes yet another area in which finland is ahead of the netherlands . 
  well thank goodness they got those reassurances then , otherwise the eu would already be pushing forward with an army ... 
  local lads , by the looks of things . 
  it 'd save a lot of bother . 
  hell , in the time it takes us to bowl out an entire aussie team you could watch most of a good film . 
  it 'd save a lot of bother . 
  hell , in the time it takes us to bowl out an entire aussie team you could watch most of a good film . 
  makes sense . 
  [ after this utter shambles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2j57p07am4 ) , i think rafting might have to be australia 's national sport . 
  more . 
  we do n't mind the aussies . 
  bang on , as it turns out . 
  he 's a cypriot according to people upthread . 
  from the estimates i can find , it works out to roughtly an extra # 93m per week over the 7 year period . 
  of couree , using the # 34bn estimate for the 2014-20 reste a liquider , which the eu insists we owe it , those become # 443m # 343m and # 234m respectively, 
  i mean , there 's the ` brexit will cost every household # 4300 ' lie . 
  now , you might be thinking ` but i said no long-term predictions ' . 
  true . 
  however , this is n't a lie because the prediction is bollocks , this is a lie because the study the prediction is based on does n't actually give that result . 
  the prediction said that uk gdp in 2030 would be lower by an amount equivalent to # 4300 per 2015 uk household . 
  the issue is that gdp and household income are wildly different numbers ( the uk does n't currently have average household incomes in the # 70k per annum range ) and the model assumed far lower immigration in the brexit scenario ( so using the 2015 household numbers disguises growth due to population increase as real per-capita growth ) . 
   that 's presumably yet to be decided until after negotiations etc. 
  so is literally everything . 
  the claim ` france will launch a nuclear attack on chiswick ' is not a lie by that standard . 
  the suggestion that an eu army was a ` dangerous fantasy ' when it in fact appears that every other member state was in favour seems a little unreasonable, 
  the new figures do n't include the ral iirc . 
  since the eu is insisting we owe it the ral , the figures should really reflect that . 
  [ no , it is siding with the oppressor ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/825410025803878401?lang=en ), 
  yes . 
  he has , as he would put it , chosen the side of the oppressor . 
  i can do it in 2 quotes if you like . 
  asked to condemn the maduro regime , corbyn replied `` what i condemn is the violence that 's been done by any side , by all sides , in all this '' 2 . 
  in january this year , corbyn tweeted the following : [ if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosen the side of the oppressor . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/jeremycorbyn/status/825410025803878401?lang=en ) thus , by his own logic , he is siding with maduro . 
  wi n\u00f8t trei a h\u00f8liday in sweden this y\u00ebr ? 
  see the l\u00f8veli lakes ... 
  [ the guys who operate the rigs in the northern baltic between sweden and russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_does_not_exist ), 
  you mean the japanese and russian oil workers ? 
  yep . 
  ever since twitter banned the words ` can be ' and made you write ` are ' instead , it 's been really difficult to convey the thing he claims he was trying to convey . 
  that 's up to the group . 
  the correct action from the uni is to demand the group either kick him out or lose affiliation with the uni . 
  making negative generalisations ` all whites are racist ' or ` all blacks are thieves ' is pretty textbook racism . 
  i do n't think you 'd find too many people who would argue that the latter of those two examples was n't racist . 
  the method of calculating the figure was also agree to at the same summit and was decided to include pensions etc. 
  that 's why the uk method changed , to match the nato calculation method . 
  sanctions on russian gas seem like the way to go then . 
  if it hits german companies , serves the collaborators right . 
  it 's not the fact that he 's calling people racist that makes him a racist , it 's the fact that he 's calling ` white people ' racist . 
  you see , racism is discrimination based on race . 
  if you ascribe a negative characteristic to an entire race or group thereof , that is racism . 
  saying that all whites are racist is no different to saying that all arabs are sadists or all blacks are whiny little shits . 
  while specific white people may be racists , and specific black people are evidently whiny little shits , ascribing this to the entire racial group is racism . 
  he 's head of a campaign group which is affiliated with the su . 
  the organisation should now be asked to remove him or be disaffiliated , since he is clearly bringing the university into disrepute . 
  dunno , since they got bought by the yanks , they might well have salmonella in . 
  they already knocked the 6 packs down to 5 , as if anyone ever bought a box of 5 eggs . 
  no , i 'm suggesting that currency changes fast , exports slower , since people do n't adjust their suppliers instantly based on price fluctuations . 
  you 're right . 
  almost nobody in the comments has noticed that the ` eu regulations ' are actually a uk only scheme that has nothing to do with the eu , because that fact is buried several minutes into the video . 
  where does one get british lion marked eggs in france ? 
  watch the video , realise that the ` eu regulations ' he refers to are the british lion scheme which is n't an eu-wide program or anything to do with the eu , realise that the ` eu ' numbers quoted in the title are actually england and wales , then reflect on what a tit you 've made of yourself . 
  well , the ` eu regulations ' mentioned in the title are actually the british lion code of practice , so it 's not surprising there are problems in all the bits of the eu where that does n't apply ( i.e. 
  everywhere that is n't the uk ), 
  as a seperate bit of misleadingness , the regulations cited are n't even eu regulations , they 're the [ british lion code of conduct ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbqv1suqj0s ) which is , funnily enough , a british organisation that operates in the uk . 
  itt : europeans crowing about how good the eu is while not watching a video in which an american mistakes the british lion quality mark for eu regulations . 
  christ you are a dipshit . 
  uk eggs are safer than eu eggs on average , because we have the [ british lion ] ( https://www.egginfo.co.uk/british-lion-eggs ) scheme , which goes far above and beyond eu regulations . 
  how about being lectured about reading the article by a brit ? 
  because the article only compares to the uk , where egg safety is far better than the eu average on account of our [ british lion egg safety scheme ] ( https://www.egginfo.co.uk/british-lion-eggs ), 
  it 's worth noting that uk chickens are much better vaccinated than the eu average , the [ british lion scheme ] ( https://www.egginfo.co.uk/british-lion-eggs ) has done a great job on egg safety here , voluntarily and beyond eu regulation . 
  interesting idea . 
  something akin to the comprehension and literacy tests once used in the us , but with higher requirements for the franchise ? 
  unless polish border staff are trained and equipped with anti-tank munitions , i think it 's fair to say that they 're not going to do much to a column of main battle tanks . 
  hint : if they 're coming from the west , they 're probably not ingeniously disguised t-72s . 
  secondary hint : if you 're a border guard , and your options are either allowing a column of t-72s in and reporting that to command or attempting to stop a column of t-72s with what you have to hand , it 's probably better you just let them through and then ring command to check . 
  council of europe is a different organisation , and the uk will still be a member after brexit . 
  and i 'm against irrevocable generation spanning decisions being made without consulting the electorate at all after lying in a manifesto . 
  i do n't get to roll back the lisbon treaty though . 
  i suggest you seek out a country where they do n't force people who think they 're special to be subject to the rule of the majority . 
  i hear there 's a bloke called kim who is trying that system out in north korea . 
  in the uk , ` but i 'm right because i said so ' does n't really count for much . 
   notably because of its possible impact on the e.u. 's energy independence i 'd argue that if you 're reliant on piping in gas from russia , you do n't have any energy independence, 
  prince phillip remain 's the nation 's fun grandparent . 
  he may end up offending people more often than not , but he was never malicious , and often hilarious . 
  ( personal favourite , upon being introduced to a woman and told she was a solicitor ' i thought it was illegal for women to solicit ' ), 
  i 'd also note that as permanent unsc members , we can veto enforcement of any icj decision we disagree with . 
  no , it 's a giant bar of soap which none may touch , lest they be struck down by the soap god terrence . 
  it does n't exactly paint a picture of a self-reliant eu that can stand up to russia on its own . 
  this would be a really fun issue on which to remind everyone that we still have a veto on sanctions . 
  there are 4 nato efp groups in eastern europe at the moment . 
  by 2019 , 1 will be led by an eu nation .
