  they need to make sure that their staff keep their immunity from prosecution . 
  being above the law is part of the perks package for them . 
  as far as i know , yes . 
  it has worked perfectly so far . 
  honestly , i feel like if they 've managed to locate the submarine , board it , force it to surface , incapacitate the crew and get access to the panel , there 's not really a lock that 's going to stop them . 
  sure , we have n't put planes on ours yet , but equally it has n't killed any of its crew in electrical fires yet either . 
  4 boats , and if you ca n't find all 4 , it really does n't matter what else you can do . 
  well , that 's one of the reasons . 
  honestly , i 'd be more worried about it just blowing up on its own one day . 
  it 's over 30 years old and they want to keep it going for another 25 , despite it already smoking like a soviet era grandmother and occasionally catching fire or dumping oil into the sea . 
  i mean , he said their carrier was old and smoky . 
  he ai n't wrong . 
  talking about attacking one is a bit different . 
  [ i honestly do n't know if you 're referencing it or not , but monty python did a song about this exact thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yamm7xhnop8 ), 
  yeah . 
  we keep our nukes on stealthy nuclear submarines , while russia keeps theirs on board a ship with about the same stealth capability as the average oil refinery fire . 
  yeah , but then , so is moscow . 
  ca n't really see the point of talking shit about attacking a carrier that belongs to a nuclear power . 
  meanwhile , judging from their carrier 's performance , all we need to do to cripple the russian navy is cut off the coal supply and wait . 
  if it helps bring lasting peace and normalise relations a bit , good . 
  having the bases there is useful from both a strategic viewpoint , but it 's not like we need the entire territory . 
   cgt not if the unions have anything to do with it . 
  [ this one is also pretty good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc6uh8q7f6e ) context for those not familiar with scottish politics : sturgeon is the highest paid politician in the uk , earning more than the pm , because of wage increases the snp voted through . 
  the woman in green is kezia dugdale , the scottish labour leader . 
  she is on much lower wages , but is arguably equally overpaid . 
  i was going to say ` number of belgians ' but yours is better . 
  number of belgians . 
  eu has to win on that . 
  you need to come up with an attribute that is larger for the eu than for any other bloc if you want to claim ` biggest ' . 
  the usa is biggest by gdp , asean is biggest by population , the eu is biggest by ? 
  well , the glosters also slowed the chinese advance long enough to allow the rest of the un forces to form new defences . 
  so the existence of south korea is the thing they achieved there . 
  also , that last bit is exactly why i 'd never want the uk in an eu army . 
  troops on the ground do n't get to make the ` these civilians are n't worth fighting for because of their nationality ' decision . 
  death in the defence of civillians , in the line of duty is n't needless . 
  there is value to not being complicit in mass murder . 
  that aside , a good last stand is the mark of a good military . 
  in the korean war , 650 men of the 1st battalion of the gloustershire regiment got orders to ` hold where you are ' . 
  they faced a division ( 10,000 men ) of the chinese army . 
  they held for 3 days until they were ordered to flee by the us general , because he did n't want to risk his forces on a relief mission . 
  of the 40 who escaped the chinese , 6 were killed by us forces who mistook them for chinese . 
  the point is , if you 're told to hold your position , you hold your fucking position , because that 's your job . 
  a proper army knows that . 
  my secondary point is , if you have to go to war , hope that the british are in front of you , or failing that , hope that the americans are n't behind you . 
  if it does n't work , they should logically drop the charges , and if it does , they have to drop the charges . 
  seems like a win-win . 
  as an opening gambit , i 'd find out the ip addresses of the eu institutions and block those from all google services . 
  let them eat bing . 
  inversely proportional to the loss would mean that the greater the loss , the lower their standards get . 
  pretty much . 
  i remember how little work got done when the us government shutdown meant we could n't access nist . 
  losing google would do that to everyone , not just a small part of a pharma company . 
  the eu does n't charge tariffs on exports . 
  it 'd be an interesting move to change that , bearing in mind that it would have to do so for all countries not just the uk , or the wto would fine it to buggery . 
  meanwhile , the uk can decide what tariffs to charge on imports . 
  if it set import tariffs at 0 , it would lose relatively little , since the eu already takes the vast majority of tariff revenues . 
  why durham ? 
  are they a recognised bean authority ? 
  i do n't think there 's a ` racism-friendly ' tour company out there . 
  you 've spotted a gap in the market . 
  i had one of these guys cold call me then get shirty with me because i kept asking him for details of the crash . 
  ended up with him saying ` look , do you want my help or not ? 
  ' , as if i 'd rung him up on his day off or something . 
  if only they had access to some means of mass marketing . 
  it 's the same basic logic as workers going on strike . 
  the idea is that the cost to the rulemaker is more than the cost of changing the rules . 
  i reckon google is big enough for that to be the case . 
  i 'd give it a week , since the commissioners would probably have to send the email using internet explorer . 
  it 'd also cost the eea dearly . 
  google is very heavily integrated in a lot of businesses . 
  hell , imagine if they bricked every android phone as an opening move . 
  that 'd be a fun one for the eu to try to sell ` see , they were putting their own shopping service at the top of the search results ', 
  yeah , but they get upset if we claim dublin is in the uk . 
  so every android phone becomes a brick , chrome goes down along with every chromebook , youtube goes , everyone 's gmail accounts and google docs accounts ( including those of companies like roche , hp and about 3 million other businesses ) stop working in europe and their stored files are inaccessible . 
  might cause a bit of trouble for the eu that . 
  if i was google , i 'd take that as an option . 
  disable google , gmail , youtube , android and everything else across the eea , and await the better terms that would arrive inside the week . 
  or [ 17.4 m uk workers could quit in biggest walkout ever ] ( https://www.investorsinpeople.com/press/60-cent-uk-workers-not-happy-their-jobs ) . 
  or ( real one from the express , but i 'm fairly sure automod will nuke the comment if i link it ) 80 % of brits would be happy to quit uk for russia after putin offers free land it 's a common tactic of those with low journalistic standards . 
  the guardian 's standards seem to be inversely proportional to the amount of money they lost last year . 
  show me a macroeconomic trend in the article . 
  they have taken a survey which says that 49 % have ` considered ' leaving , and gone on to give that headline . 
  considering something apparently now means you ` could ' do it . 
  i 'm not a fan of the red arrow . 
  who gave them planning for that ? 
  plus it seems kind of pointless to whitewash canary wharf . 
  i 've considered taking over the world . 
  where is the guardian article saying that ` british man could be world dictator within the year ', 
  i 've considered taking over the world . 
  where is the guardian article saying that ` british man could be world dictator within the year ', 
  it 's a miltary base . 
  those tend to have fairly rigorously enforced borders . 
  ` someone getting a phd in history ' does that qualify you to be a manager at starbucks then ? 
  ah , shit , forgot i did n't have the uk flair on . 
  i do n't . 
  ca n't be fucked cleaning a grater for that . 
  you 'd usually say visually appealing rather than optically . 
  not sure why , but that 's the phrase . 
  holyhead to dublin . 
  8 ferries a day each way .
