  when comparing countries , it makes no sense to use local pricing . 
  under total communism , for example , a basket of goods and services costs nothing , therefore any gdp achieved through exports would thus have infinite value when adjusted for ppp . 
  if the government heavily subsidises food but charges high taxes to compensate , no additional wealth has been created in that process . 
  if you want to know how much bread an average person can buy with the $ 10 they made , sure , adjust for ppp . 
  purchases on a national , governmental level do n't do the same thing . 
  comparing ppp adjusted overall gdp is a bad comparison whether you 're looking to compare the nations as wholes ( wherein the ppp adjustment makes no sense , because nations rarely go out and buy a loaf of bread at the shops ) , or the wealth of individuals , since it takes no account of population size . 
  nominal gdp or gdp ( ppp ) per capita are reasonable measures . 
  gdp ( ppp ) total is bad no mater what you want to know . 
  [ made one from 2015 data here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6q3cte/europeans_resident_in_uk_nationality_heatmap_2015/ ), 
  hi , the data is from the ons ' annual population survey [ here ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/datasets/populationoftheunitedkingdombycountryofbirthandnationality ) table 2.3 . 
  any countries omitted fell beneath the 10k threshold , sorry . 
  also , i 'm aware the key is useless , but if you hover over each country the tooltip will give you the number ( in thousands ) for that country . 
  could n't get the map generator to make a useful key . 
  finally , i apologise for the clunky title , but anything with the words ` of european ' is currently getting kicked out by the automod . 
  hi , the data is from the ons ' annual population survey [ here ] ( https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/datasets/populationoftheunitedkingdombycountryofbirthandnationality ) table 2.3 . 
  any countries omitted fell beneath the 10k threshold , sorry . 
  also , i 'm aware the key is useless , but if you hover over each country the tooltip will give you the number ( in thousands ) for that country . 
  could n't get the map generator to make a useful key ,, 
  2 points . 
  first , you 're using ppp adjusted figures . 
  that 's not really appropriate for an international economic comparison because it bases its adjustment on local goods prices rather than the world market . 
  if we subsidised the crap out of local goods , it would mean that we had higher ppp gdp , despite not having any more money than before . 
  nominal gdp makes more sense when comparing overall economies , ppp is better when used for per capita comparisons . 
  second , the eu is set to lose around $ 2.6 tn of its gdp in 2019 , so i would n't get too smug yet . 
  officially , ` light salmon pink ', 
  this is why we needed to get a crumpet mountain . 
  soak up all the melted butter . 
  i think they 'd class themselves as ` citizens of the world ', 
  it 's pink . 
  the hundred years bore . 
  maybe they 'd be more hospitable if germany waited for an invitation before sending thousands of people across the border . 
  good point , i 'm as bad as they are . 
  then again , i 'm not making a graphic for a front page . 
  [ to give people an idea of how lidl was seen in the uk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7jvlp-n9ww ), 
  there 's no danger from the wash itself , and the efficacy in terms of removing bacteria looks to be as good as , if not better than , the eu 's farm to fork policy ( which produces widely variable results , with very low rates of infection in some countries and very high rates in others ), 
  the argument is that if you 're using proper hygiene you should n't need the wash , and that if the wash is allowed , people wo n't bother following the hygiene rules since they can get a better result by just washing at the end . 
  it 's less that it was a problem , more that it was a delay over something that did n't benefit the uk in any way . 
  it made sense for romania to do it , they were doing what was best for their citizens . 
  but it slowed down a deal that would have helped uk trade , in exchange for no benefit to the uk . 
  chemical weapons , bleach , swimming pools , table salt , tap water . 
  chlorine gets all over the place . 
  fucked up the dad 's army characters ? 
  it 's jones who says ` do n't panic ' . 
  they 've got boris as hodges ( for no apparent reason other than that they 'd used all the other recognisable ones ) saying it for some reason . 
  it is . 
  the idea was to set up a pro-eu tabloid to represent the people who voted remain , but the obvious problem of aiming a tabloid at the middle classes , and not being daily , is that if you take the ` mass appeal ' and ` news ' portions out of a tabloid , all you have left is shit journalism and mastubatory bias . 
  it also entirely failed to find a gap in the market , since the majority of actual newspapers that middle class people are likely to read were opposed to brexit , and still employ the same staff today as they did before the referendum . 
  the only people who would ever want to read it are remain voters who are looking for unequivocal affirmation of their existing views without the complication of information on other topics or , god forbid , any sense of balance or critical thought . 
  good thing that bacterial density remains constant from the point of testing onwards is n't it . 
  again , are you genuinely suggesting that the eu release tests poultry ? 
  who do you imagine is paying for billions of samples to be tested each year ? 
  do you think chicken shipments sit around for days awaiting the results of culturing experiments ? 
  they ship them as they are , and rely on cooking to get rid of the bacteria . 
  the evidence suggests that the chlorine wash would significantly reduce the risk of infection . 
  you seriously think that 76 % of chickens slaughtered in the eu are destroyed before they reach the customer ? 
  ( that 's the rate of campylobacter infection the [ efsa found ] ( https://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/press/news/100317 ) ) . 
  for that matter , do you think there 's someone taking a neck skin sample and growing a bunch of cultures before releasing every chicken to supermarkets ? 
  ever had white sugar ? 
  that 's chemically bleached ( sulphur compounds are used ) . 
  using the word ` chemical ' as if it 's something dangerous is a common trick used to scare morons . 
  i 'd note that the eu chickens could also benefit from a chlorine wash , since they test positive for salmonella over 3x as frequently as us chickens . 
  i guess that if you 're comfortable with 15 % of chicken carcasses having salmonella ( as the eu seems to be ) , you could probably omit the wash for us chickens too . 
  it 's worth noting the difference in end results . 
  in testing , the ` farm to fork ' approach the eu takes leaves 76 % of chicken carcasses infected with campylobacter ( 71 % on arrival at the slaughterhouse , 76 % by the time they leave ) and 15.7 % of carcasses infected with salmonella . 
  [ efsa study here ] ( https://www.efsa.europa.eu/en/press/news/100317 ) by contrast , the ` very disgusting ' us process leaves 70.7 % infected with campylobacter , and 4.2 % with salmonella . 
  [ study , see table 2 for relevant figures ] ( http://aem.asm.org/content/67/12/5431.full ) so the difference , from the consumer 's point of view , is that the eu approach leaves them marginally more likely to get campylobacter infected meat , and significantly more likely to get salmonella infected meat . 
  it really depends what you want from food hygiene programs . 
  if your aim is to feel like you 're making an effort by maximising regulatory burden and costs , the eu is the way to go . 
  if you want to reduce infections , it seems the us approach has the edge . 
   there 's an increased risk of `` unprecedented '' winter downpours such as those that caused extensive flooding in 2014 i feel like if you can refer to a previous occasion on which something happened , it is , pretty much by definition not unprecedented, 
  yes , thanks for confirming that , exactly as i said , 2 are lead by north american countries and one is led by the uk . 
  i have to say , it 's weird to take such a confrontational tone when agreeing with someone . 
  troops ? 
  you 're thinking of nato mate . 
  of the 4 countries leading the efp missions , 2 are north american and one is the uk , so i 'm not sure you can give the eu much credit there . 
  i 'm interested to hear that people who do n't agree with eu policy should stop being involved with cohesion money . 
  should save the uk a big chunk . 
  seriously . 
  there 's never enough bread with platters like this at restaurants . 
  this looks about right . 
  and now i 'm hungry . 
  it 's half one in the morning for god 's sake . 
  where am i going to find cured meats at this time ? 
  if they 're moving from london , that 'll seem reasonable . 
  good job by the team sky lot . 
  that 'll be 5 of the last 6 going to british riders with team sky . 
  if froome manages another , he 'll be up there with indurain and hinault as one of the best tour riders ever . 
  hell , iirc he could already have been up there if he had n't followed the team 's orders on one of wiggins ' wins . 
  i think macron 's gon na privatise it . 
  i see , so their right to self-determination is less important than whether the nasty people on the internet hurt your feelings ? 
  at the moment , they have asked for the right to govern themselves , and spain has refused that . 
  they are now pretty well entitled to treat spain as an oppressor ( on account of the way it is enforcing a government on them and refusing to make that subject to a vote , very much in the manor of an oppressor ) . 
  you can either have amicable relations , or you can enforce a government on people . 
  you do n't get to do both . 
  it was negotiated . 
  catalonia asked for a referendum , madrid flatly refused . 
  at that point , there 's not really any other move than to go the unilateral route . 
  given that the key argument being offered by the anti-independence lobby is that spain will do its best to harm the independent state , it is rather akin to being imprisoned . 
  the question of whether one who is unjustly imprisoned should attempt to get free is rarely as simple as an analysis of the risks and benefits . 
  reapply .
