  they 're good dogs italy . 
  as far as i can see , yes . 
  belgium has compulsory voting , as does luxembourg . 
  so only malta achieves acceptable participation without compelling voters to turn up . 
  i 'd be writing to my mp to ask that the uk recognize it . 
  though , realistically , we 'd wait until the brexit negotiations concluded , then recognise it and offer an fta, 
  if they do n't we 'll invite them to the premiership . 
  imagine the revenue boost !, 
  yeah , and then they 'll lose a shitload of seats when they start pushing for the 2nd referendum . 
  spain is in the eu , and therefore the good guy , so independence from spain is bad . 
  the uk is leaving the eu and is therefore evil , so independence from the uk is good . 
  this sub is n't that complicated , or that surprising . 
  only if spain took action to make it so . 
  you ca n't persuade someone that staying in a group is good by threatening them . 
  the eu already tried that . 
  he means spain . 
  the problems for catalonia here all amount to ` spain is acting to force catalans to stay against their will ' 1 . 
  it 'd only be a disaster for catalonia if spain acted to keep them out of the eu and euro . 
  that 's not an inherent problem with independence , it 's a threat from spain . 
  semantics do n't really matter to people who want self-rule . 
  that 's not catalonia 's problem , it 's spain 's . 
  the constitution is being used as an instrument to block independence , but all it says is that independence requires spain to agree , which means this argument boils down to ` you ca n't leave because we say so ' , which means we 're back to threats . 
  [ pretty sure , yeah ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-40192707 ) the snp do n't have the support of the public to push for a second referendum . 
  they tried , and it has cost them 21 mps . 
  the scottish referendum is one thing i can happily say we got right over the last few years . 
  the snp are clinging on as best they can , but it 's becoming clearer and clearer that the issue has been settled for a good while . 
  same job , different outfits . 
  well yes , but uk mps also author bills and hold ministerial positions which occupy a lot of time . 
  that 's awesome , i 'd never heard about that before , thanks !, 
  good enough . 
  the joke here is that it 's a french song originally inspired by benjamin franklin , adapted as a revolutionary song then awarded as a battle honour to the west yorkshire regiment after the battle of famars , in which their colonel ordered the band to play it so they could ` beat the french to their own damned tune ' i thought it nicely brought together britishness , european influences and july 4th, 
  - * italy , sept. 8th 1943 *, 
  i suggest the march of the yorkshire regiment [ ca ira ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrwm0gvb6i8 ), 
  no problem , it 's one of our more expensive conservation projects , but certainly worthwhile . 
  your assumption is that if countries are n't coerced by threat of economic force into following the eu route , we 'll go back to the war torn days of the 1956 ( or possibly 1939 , i assume you just ignore the period between 1945 and the formation of the eec where we inexplicably managed not to murder everybody . 
  i 'm suggesting that there 's a better way . 
  a europe where countries work together because they want to , not because they are scared of what the others will do if they try to leave their arrangements . 
  i for one do n't think that europe is full of rabid barbarians only just being held back from total war by their worries over what it would do to the price of imported bacon . 
  i think we should celebrate with some traditional british music . 
  [ i present the quick march of the yorkshire regiment . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrwm0gvb6i8 ), 
  good luck with that . 
  not sure the drc has a flair on here . 
  nah , the irish made up some new ones by forgetting the rules to football and lacrosse . 
  plus there 's that one the yanks made up by being too scared to play rugby without pads and too thick to learn to tackle properly . 
  ironcially , he could n't get is armies through it . 
  i 've noticed that the mods decided not to change the irish flag . 
  i ca n't say i blame them . 
  just change the first p to planetary . 
  drinking deionized or deminerlized water in large quantities is n't good for you , but unless you 're in a lab and are drinking from the purifier , i doubt you 'll be doing that . 
  tap water contains perfectly reasonable mineral levels that would n't risk this sort of toxicity . 
  traded it , really . 
  we lose the ability to block or shape some measures affecting those industries that export to the eu , but gain the ability to set our own trade agenda with the rest of the world , to set our own policies on fishing and farming , to , if we should choose to , open our markets to the countries eu tarriffs have long kept out , and hopefully allow the many poor countries whose farmers have suffered as a result of eu policies to access western markets on fair terms . 
  we can also reject those portions of eu laws which do n't directly apply to trade . 
  like the ports services directive , which is presumably an example of the ` maximum compromise ' , in that it was pushed through the ep against the wishes of uk meps after an amendment designed to protect smaller ports was defeated , the uk meps ' near unanimous vote being outweighed by the votes of meps from landlocked countries whose constituents would be unaffected . 
  i vote we change the first a to ` atlantic ' . 
  that 's really all i 'd want done . 
  plus i 'd get access to awesome steaks and breakfast cereal that gives you diabetes if you 're in the same room as it . 
  ` we must act to damage anyone leaving even if doing so would harm the people of the eu , because the alternative is that other countries might also seek an arrangement that better suits them ' i mean , it works for scientology i guess ... 
  depends how you phrase it . 
  ` uk citizens being dictated to by foreign courts ' is very much the sort of thing they 'd oppose . 
  i guess that it 's something to do with us electing a lot of ukip meps as a protest . 
  right you are , i 'll edit it . 
  ca n't believe i looked up the fancy c for roli\u00e7a then got douro wrong . 
  yes , and they 're getting a minibus to take it to the border . 
  if you roll the handy slider back , you 'll find that we 've only been the worst since 2016 . 
  i think there might be some reason why the uk meps suddenly stopped attending certain votes at that point . 
  the ones who voted just for immigration would also not hold a majority . 
  in any vote , there 's going to be a portion of idiots , and any party or campaign that does n't engage the idiot vote is n't going to win . 
  i was trying to make a history joke about rabies . 
  no need to get all frothy mouthed over it . 
  i swear , say anything about rabies to the continentals and they bite your head off ... 
  battle of the nile ? 
  and if we 're counting yorktown as the french , i guess that makes roli\u00e7a , vimeiro , the douro , talavera , ciudad rodrigo , salamanca , [ vittoria ( with music by beethoven ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nq55qp78mo ) , the pyrenees , nivelle , the nive , orthez and tolouse all british victories . 
  and that 's just wellington 's peninsular campaign . 
  well , they 'd have to be french , since the uk does n't maintain land-based nuclear capacity , and i doubt we 'd be keen to start by putting the nukes in another country just to get 100 or so miles nearer russia . 
  ok , so you get a really long string , run it across the channel . 
  then you get a pair of big magnets , hang them off the string at either end . 
  corresponding big magnets on the top of the boring machines . 
  if the magnet at the top moves off to one side , you radio down to tell them which way to turn to get back on track . 
  of course , in the middle , the magnets start to interfere , so the last few metres were done unguided , which is why there was a 4cm difference in the tunnels . 
  i knew what it would be , but i still laughed . 
  i like that the immediate thought of the british guy is ' i reckon i can fit through this . 
  i ` mma try and climb through . ', 
  we 're a seafaring nation . 
  we ca n't afford to be wandering around with hydrophobia . 
  look what happened to the french navy at trafalgar . 
  so busy frothing and running away from the water that nelson took them apart . 
  got a link to any of those polls ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  i was going for the countries capable of using the weapons properly . 
  i guess the belgians or dutch could have a go at getting through the pals , but that 's pretty difficult , since the pals are designed to be far more robust than the activation-critical components , which basically rules out brute force removal , even if you could get to them ( removing the pals has been likened to removing someone 's tonsils if you went in through their arse ) , and breaking the codes is nigh impossible . 
  plus once they started trying , nato forces would be all over them pretty quickly . 
  oh , and you ca n't smuggle the warhead away and detonate it on the ground , because they 're set up with environmental sensors , so if an icbm warhead does n't experience extreme acceleration , then an extended free fall , it wo n't go off . 
  well , because if the unsc voted to remove russia from ukraine , that 'd mean us forces going up against russian forces . 
  that only ends one way . 
  yeah , but when it 's a choice between fairness and avoiding nuclear war , i 'll have to give fairness a miss . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i was replying to a comment that had already used nautical mile so i assumed we 'd established context , but i guess reading my comment in isolation could be misleading . 
  nah , 2 is the floor , or you just get people developing them in secret and using them .
