it didnt want to turn on with power + home , then it did go info dfu mode , when i did power + home while in dfu mode it did turn on . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i know bricked is not permanent unless hardware failure . 
  i 'd say soft remix 3 or , if some must-have icons are not themed axla 2, 
  a 2003 lexus is 300 . 
  it 's slightly lowered and has black rims, 
  the volkswagen bulli has to be one of my favourites, 
  there is one in haarlem as well, 
  i use an app called `` filebrowser '' , it does n't give you acces to the entire filesystem , but it plays media files and you can open documents by using the share sheet . 
  it 's in the app store, 
  edit : you have to share the files over wifi via finder/windows explorer, 
  deleted, 
  i saw somebody with an xps 13 running os x on tonymacx86 a while back , you might want to do a search there, 
  i have a hp laptop using an i7-720qm . 
  to get into the installer i had to use `` cpus = 1 '' . 
  i 'll link my thread at tonymacx86 as it may help you . 
  i 'm sure others have these older systems running much better than i , but i found that there is not much info on el capitan on these cpus . 
  good luck, 
  you could downgrade the 4s to ios 6 , i would actually love to have a jail broken 4s, 
  do you have vmware tools installed ? 
  i have n't been using os x on vmware for a while , but for me it automatically adjusted the resolution as i resized the window . 
  i think it was still in 11 tho . 
  also my resolution is 1366x768 . 
  i got one of those with one of my more recent iphones , either a 3gs , 5 or 5s , i 'm not even sure . 
  i live in the netherlands , if that matters, 
  they could make purchases outside of stores in-app-purchases , that way everybody can get the same stuff , non paying players just have to go to a store for it . 
  same in the netherlands , some older shops used to support it here , but the past years stores just put tape on the magnetic slots so you do n't use it . 
  except for the ones that have fancy new ones with nfc , they do n't have it at all ( about 50 % ), 
  are you using the `` cpus = 1 '' boot flag ? 
  he is very right . 
  while i love steam , the client is honestly terribly designed . 
  also , customer support is pretty much non-existent . 
  other than that i do n't have any problems . 
  may i ask what you need to do where a mac pro is not powerful enough ? 
  just interested :p, 
  as others have said , the game is cpu hungry . 
  depending on your temperatures , maybe overclocking your cpu would be a possibility . 
  well , enjoy it . 
  and please tell what you decided to buy . 
  sorry for the late reply . 
  it 's probably not going to work properly , as your graphics wo n't work ( yet ) . 
  your best option is waiting for macbooks using skylake . 
  you could try to boot the installer , if it hangs try the - v boot flag . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm thinking about buying an lg 29um57-p ( 29 '' , 2560x1080 , 5ms ) myself . 
  in the netherlands it 's for sale in between $ 250 and $ 300 . 
  in os x you 'd have to use intel hd . 
  i do n't know about the rest for sure , but it wo n't work 100 % ( graphics ), 
  i believe all phone numbers are us/uk , so it 's very expensive to call them, 
  its because os x does n't support gpu switching . 
  it simply does n't detect the dedicated gpu in laptops , so you 'll have to disable it . 
  maybe somebody else could help you with the details , as i have an older laptop without intel graphics ( i can use my ati gpu ) . 
  so i do n't know the details . 
  yes , but the eu are different countries , with different providers . 
  calling from ( for example ) the netherlands to the uk would probably be sort of comparable to calling from the us to mexico . 
  which means you would be paying a lot for the call , many people find that too expensive . 
  i have an amd radeon 5650 mobility working in el capitan , yours should be similar ( if i 'm correct ), 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i know skylake is still a pain to get to work , but if i have to i do n't mind using only windows for a little while ( until more compatibility is added ) . 
  in the tonymacx86 skylake buyers guide they have noted this motherboard . 
  do brands really matter that much ? 
  i really like this board . 
  ( http://www.tonymacx86.com/buying-advice/170056-intel-skylake-cpus-100-series-motherboards-buyers-guide.html ), 
  edit : i will also look some more into gigabyte boards, 
  thanks again . 
  i think i 'll post it on a hackintosh website or the subreddit before i buy it . 
  i like the ga-h170-d3hp , but then i would probably get an i5-6500 as it 's not good for overclocking . 
  i think we have the same bank :p, 
  i suppose i could . 
  i chose skylake because it will be quite some time before i can make a purchase this big again , so i liked the idea of having ddr4 and usb-c for a little more future-proofing . 
  a haswell i7 is too expensive , but i could do a 4690k . 
  the 6600k and the 4690k are about the same price here . 
  thanks . 
  edit : english is difficult, 
  thanks , i 've read that the gpu should work as it has a reference port layout , and the motherboard is in the tonymacx86 skylake buyers guide . 
  i 'll do some more research into the motherboard and then i think i 'm good to go . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's what i thaught too . 
  i ended up getting a 6600k and an asus z170-a . 
  it arrives tomorrow . 
  the laptop i have now was a pain to get to work as well , so i 'm confident i can manage . 
  i have a fully working hp envy 14 with the same specs . 
  dsdt edits will probably be necessary for battery status . 
  i 'll send my settings for the gpu when i 'm home ( 1/2 hours ) . 
  windows says hd 5000 series , but mine is in fact an hd 5650 . 
  you probably want to check the specific model . 
  i 'm sorry for the late reply , i completely forgot . 
  the dsdt patch is necessary to show the battery indicator . 
  so if you will only be using it plugged into a wall outlet it would n't be necessary for the battery to be seen . 
  other things might require patching though . 
  as for the gpu , your cpu does n't have intel graphics , so you will be able to use the ati card . 
  if you would have the same gpu as i have you would want to use clover , as it is the only way i 've been able to get it to work . 
  even that is not much compared to the netherlands . 
  it 's at $ 1,50 per liter now ( $ 6,41 / gallon ) . 
  it 's insane compared to the us . 
  most of the ( older ) american cars get converted to lpg as they would be too expensive to drive . 
  i just installed gba4ios on 9.3.2 , so it works on 9.3.2 as well, 
  edit : the app doesnt work if the date is not set back , you can set the time back every time you open the app and it works fine . 
  stay on 9.3.1 i guess, 
  edit 2 : if you have the date set to automatic you cant open the app anymore from the icon , so i thaught it wouldnt work at all .
