  but it appears that if you open it from the app switcher it still works . 
  edit 3 : after a while it stops working, 
  in the beginning i could open it from the switcher , but after a few hours i couldnt open it from the switcher anymore either . 
  i still have it . 
  but as i dont have a decent gpu yet i dont play a lot anyways . 
  ( i5-6600k , intel hd , 8gb ddr4 , samsung ssd ), 
  the only one that i know of that would probably work is upscale , but i have no idea what to edit, 
  too bad , i really liked that tweak, 
  same , upscale and hideme8 are the tweaks i miss most, 
  i 'm thinking about buying a tablet . 
  ideally one that has gps , 8 '' or bigger and very budget friendly . 
  thanks . 
  edit : also , ( near ) stock android or a decent rom would be appreciated . 
  very hard to get here , especially since the only store that sold it went bankrupt, 
  i cant access the app store , it just stays blank . 
  does anyone have a solution for this , its my first time installing a beta . 
  thanks . 
  i cant access the app store , not sure if that counts tho, 
  thanks , this worked, 
  that worked , thanks . 
  i though that i had already done that . 
  i do n't have a gpu at the moment ( poor me ) , so this would be very useful . 
  thanks for the generous giveaway !, 
  i have the same problem in the netherlands . 
  nothing shows up on the map , but it was fine just a few hours ago . 
  i 'm using an iphone , and after it tries to load for a while it just crashes the app . 
  i have the same issue , but after it tries loading the rest it crashes after a while . 
  i 'm playing in the netherlands on an iphone, 
  pikachu , and not as a starter . 
  it appeared next to a metro station . 
  its only in the app stores of those countries . 
  but i have a us apple id , so i can download it using that from the american store . 
  the app itself works just fine . 
  i live in amsterdam , so there are plenty of gyms and stops . 
  i 've only been able to take one of them tho because of the 1hp bug : /, 
  edit : the servers seem a lot better today, 
  tires from 2000 ? 
  that 's nothing . 
  me and my parents drove from amsterdam to bordeaux ( 1000km/621m ) and back , twice ( 4000km/2485m ) . 
  the tires on the car itself were fine , but the tires on the trailer were not replaced . 
  we pulled the trailer from the attic at my grandparents place . 
  it had not been used since the 80s , and possibly still had the original tires from the 70 's . 
  the logical thing happened the third time we went on vacation ( with the same tires ) and a tire exploded on the * autoroute * while we were going 130km/h ( 80mph ) . 
  we got to the side of the road safely , and i think we will always make sure to have good tires in the future . 
  the trailer still exists , although it got damaged at a fire a few years later , i 'll try to find a picture of it . 
  here in the netherlands we have the same 45km cars ( as we call them ) , we also have them even slower that go 25km/h . 
  and here they are mostly used in the cities . 
  remember that cities in europe do n't really have highways going through the center , so the speed limit is 50 or 30 anyways . 
  they are not allowed to drive on the highway either . 
  fun fact , the 25km/h cars are mostly old cars with the transmission locked to first/second gear , and a big sticker with 25 on the back . 
  the 45km/h versions here are the same death traps as in other countries , except laws are reasonable here ( i 've seen them on roads where the speed limit is 100 in france , here you must be able to go 80 to go there ), 
  well , have n't checked any of my accounts yet , as my pc started getting bluescreens on every boot after i installed the jailbreak tool, 
  i 'm working on replacing all cars myself . 
  if i would want to publish a collection of mods i would have to ask for permission from every creator ( which i probably wont get ) . 
  this is all i 've got so far :, 
  i got the list of cars from this subreddit a long time ago, 
  are you me ? 
  you 're dutch ( i think ) , and i drive the same car . 
  i only ever saw a grey r33 tho , that was in haarlem, 
  no problem , i 'll try to update it as i find more . 
  and yes , it 's gon na take a very long time, 
  i used multiple mods to enhance visuals before the bikers update , havent tried since . 
  but here they are :, 
  purely preference/minimal impact :, 
  i 've found that these mods work nicely to make the game just a bit better , without influencing gameplay . 
  the huntley looks more like a car from 2010 to me , while the bentley looks like a 2016 model . 
  at least the huntley drives amazing, 
  can confirm this . 
  i live in a cheaper neighbourhood of amsterdam , and there is a lady daily driving an oldsmobile in my street . 
  other than that it 's mostly teslas ( a lot of them ) , dodge rams and a rare f150, 
  teslas are insanely popular here , as you do n't have to pay taxes , only `` bijtelling '' ( depends on income ) and insurance . 
  and in amsterdam the city gives you a free charging/parking spot at your door , where only electric cars are allowed to park , and pays $ 5000 for the purchase of an electric vehicle . 
  the acura would be imported . 
  while i was only 2 when it happened , my parents explained it to me a few years later , my dad cried while explaining it as he saw it happen live on tv . 
  and we 're not even american . 
  i think terrorism is something i , and more people my age , grew up with and people with responsible/smart parents probably educated children on it . 
  i think my parents were also afraid of a war starting , as my mother is from a communist family , and my father from a very catholic family so ww2 and the cold war have always been `` close '' to us . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  ca n't wait until the next update is out . 
  with the old version there would be a blue glow over everything at certain times , do you know why this is , and is it fixable ? 
  exactly . 
  using the same name for every tier on every product makes perfect sense . 
  i 've been hating the apple names ever since the iphone 6 was released . 
  i do n't have it installed at the moment , but i 'll try to install and find it this weekend . 
  i think it was in the morning after sunrise . 
  i 'm not sure how it is in sweden but here in the netherlands most people drive stick . 
  to get your drivers license you have to be able to drive stick , and cars with an automatic transmission are more expensive ( here ? ), 
  than manual cars . 
  i thought the same for the netherlands, 
  best i 've read all day . 
  i have the same cpu and gpu and i run it at max settings , 1440p with shaders at about 100fps . 
  there is definitely something wrong here . 
  edit : render distance is turned down to somewhere in the middle , not at my pc so i 'm not sure . 
  i just went to try to see what it would cost to get a camaro in the netherlands . 
  we only get two engine options , and only the basic camaro . 
  oh , did i mention the v8 manual camaro would cost $ 116533 ( us$ 121,793 ) . 
  we can modify cars though right ? 
  as far as i know you have to have to tell the rdw if it makes more power , so that would be a useless rule if modifying was n't allowed at all . 
  i do wish that they would allow the small plates for ( some ) imported vehicles on every car , it would look so much better ... 
  edit : as far as i 've been able to find in this short time i was right .
