   native american is still the native culture of canada . 
  its right there in the name . 
  except that a monolithic ` native american culture ' does n't exist , there are hundreds of native american cultures , some of them extremely different from one another . 
  so at it 's very foundational point , there was never a ` monoculture ' . 
   seems like blacks are earning about half of what everyone else earns . 
  and i mentioned that in my post . 
   kind of the point i was making . 
  nah , your point was more fundamental than that , the usa and canada are also different , though not as different as north america is to europe in general . 
  however , it 's been nice to chat . 
  clearly we 'll never agree on any of these points . 
  i can be satisfied in my immigrant nation and you can be satisfied in your monoculturally-dominated society . 
  make sure you clap when they play radetzky march and try and figure out some way to make your politicians stop the wave of migrants coming your way , or you 'll end up living in a ` terrible ' place like i do . 
  no , not about myself , immigrants are more interesting than most canadians , however this is only a point of perspective . 
  people who have vastly different experiences from your own are considerably more interesting to talk to , and this is just a general fact . 
  keep your country , i did n't tell you how your country should be run . 
  however it 's the self-righteous perspective of western europeans who do n't believe that an immigrant nation is possible without any evidence of that fact that sounds terrible to me . 
  he 's not , i definitely agree with every single word of his statement . 
  this is what canada is like , and this is why we immigrants love it . 
  without us immigrants , this place would be more boring than a northern english village in winter . 
  we are the life of the country , and the future of the country . 
  what would we do without our indian , asian , arab and european friends ? 
   native americans obviously canada is a settler nation , not a native american nation , so i 'm not sure that 's correct . 
   and as i have said . 
  there is a difference between canada in which the native popultation didnt got asked and the majority of the population is descendant of immigrants . 
  of course it works in canada , there are so many different groups that there is no majority . 
  and i am talking about canada , which was the exact point of my entire post chain . 
  i was n't talking about austria or germany at any point , except to say that the lesson canada should draw from them is that fully open borders are a bad thing . 
  this whole discussion is about canadian commentators essentially drawing the wrong lessons from the globe and mail article , mainly because they 're all a bunch of halfwits , as much as can be expected on a newspaper 's comment section . 
  moderate beliefs are dead on those pages . 
   tell me how integrated minorities are into american society . 
  very integrated , in fact , some of the highest average earners are of minority groups . 
  [ here 's a handy chart from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income ) . 
  i 've never personally felt out of place in the united states , and almost everyone i know who is not white feels it is one of the most welcoming countries on the planet . 
  they have their issues , of course , particularly with native and black americans , but generally the situations is better now that it was 40 or 50 years ago . 
   where are the german communities ? 
  where are the polish american communities ? 
  spanish speakers came after that , they come to america now . 
  but most of the non-anglo settlers that came early such as the german and the polish that very much brought their cultures and language with them were stamped out during world war one . 
  can you give me information on this stamping out of the polish community ? 
  the germans did get a bit chafed due to the anti-german sentiment , though german-americans are still one of the largest groups in the united states , as are italian americans . 
  many italians still speak their language , for example , but you ca n't really expect everyone to continue speaking their language when , economically , speaking english or spanish is preferred to any other language in the united states . 
  this is why the distinction between pluralism , multiculturalism and integration has blurred lines . 
  the macro-policy can not always take into account individual or local variations and is aspirational rather than practical . 
   and we dont live in an immigrant country . 
  i dont understand what the benefit is of attempting to turn a country that has a native culture into a `` pluralistic '' one . 
  what is the native culture of canada ? 
   who is arguing semantics here ? 
  pluralistic just boils down to paralell societies . 
  you are , and continuing to do it . 
  there is a fine line between pluralism and multiculturalism and i 'm quite sure canada straddles the line . 
  i do n't know how long you 've lived in canada , but if you have for even a short period of time , you 'd have seen it . 
   what is `` truly pluralistic '' ? 
  maybe a country built entierly by immigrants , like the us was . 
  but then again those dont tend to work out for long . 
  during world war 1 the us stamped out most non anglo communities in its borders . 
  do n't tend to work out for long ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the us is still a top immigrant destination nation , and this is 100 years after you claim the ` stamped out ' the non-anglo communities . 
  if that policy was so successful , why are there so many spanish and chinese speakers in the united states ? 
  or you could integrate into a society that is truly pluralistic . 
  your argument is pretty much semantics and not substantial as far as i can tell . 
  it stems from a narrow view of culture and societal evolution , in my opinion . 
  exactly my point , why are commentators on the globe and mail condemning canadian multiculturalism by pointing out german immigration issues ? 
  1 % per year is nothing , and the german lesson for canada should be that multiculturalism and immigration are good in moderation , just like anything . 
  as far as your point about crime statistics , plenty of other factors besides ageing contribute to the reduction in crime rate including : overall wealth of the society , distribution of the wealth , intercultural relations ( i 've always felt welcome in canada , for sure ) , liberal abortion law ( abortion was legalized in 1969 , why not do that math instead ? 
  ) , etc. 
  edit : and you seem to misunderstand that i am claiming multiculturalism caused lower crime rate , not true , i am not claiming that , i am just saying that it clearly has n't caused any sort of spike . 
  i came as a refugee to canada and integrated very well , thank you . 
  particularly noticeable are people of the generation after mine , who were born in canada , are completely integrated , some of them do n't even speak our original language despite their parents speaking it . 
  those comments are shit , the globe and mail has sunk lower than i have ever seen it before . 
  let 's look at a few , shall we ? 
   for decades now , liberal elites have trumpeted multiculturalism as a strength , while arrogantly dismissing as xenophobic any counter claims that mixing cultures can lead to some social problems , and disruptions in our western societies . '', 
  maybe in europe , but in canada ? 
  what social problems to we have from multiculturalism ? 
  where are these crime waves ? 
  the most recent ` significant ' crimes , that is the attack on parliament was committed by michael zehaf-bibeau , a canadian by birth . 
  the shootings in moncton of rcmp officers was committed by justin bourque , another canadian and anti-government hothead . 
  in fact , according to government statistics , 2015 has seen the lowest year of violent crime since 1969 , and it follows 11 years of decreased violent crime in the country . 
  meanwhile the number of immigrants accepted has been quite steady at around 250,000 per year , below the old 1 % of population target . 
  the majority of the immigrants are from china , india , philippines and pakistan and refugees make up 1/10th of annual immigration . 
  yet , despite these numbers , we 've never had a safer , or more prosperous period in our country 's history . 
  the european situation is markedly different , because it is not controlled . 
  however controlled immigration has always been a success for canada and to spit on canadian multiculturalism because european countries are being overwhelmed after they invited people in freely , is complete hogwash . 
  citing uncontrolled immigration as undermining canadian multiculturalism is just a dog whistle for unsophisticated , unprincipled and oblivious to the facts , xenophobia . 
  a few more :  75 % of these so called `` refugees '' are military-aged males who should be staying behind and fighting isis/boko haram/al shabaab . 
  they 're simply cowards who refuse to fight for freedom , peace and stability in their own countries . 
  the leftist media obscures this fact . 
  instead , these country-shoppers wish to come to lands where the `` west '' has established prosperity and stability with the blood of its ancestors and the logic of its secular political and economic policies . 
  i see someone who 's never experienced war . 
   germany 's experience should be a lesson for canada yeah , but not about multiculturalism , but more about an open doors policy . 
  for me that was years ago , i 'm sure it 's better now than then . 
  no intention of going there again anyway . 
  i 'm more talking bg plates in knin . 
  god forbid you visit your own hometown . 
  evo tebi jo\u0161 jedna verzija : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azdpax9onh8 top hit 1994 . 
  europe will do it : schengen . 
  then we will have many more opportunities to smash car windshields because the licence plate says bg or zg and they are in the wrong town . 
  all ajvar is made equal , except the one with too much eggplant . 
  we tried , but we put in the wrong chemicals and he turned into ajvar . 
  some said we were using the wrong tegla , had to use the tall one , not the short one , others said the flame was too high , while my grandpa maintained that they had put in too much eggplant , not enough pepper . 
  i think you 're just being pedantic ...
