seems like it does n't matter if they 're alive or not to you , only whether they have a nation or not . 
  no , why would i be ? 
  did i give indication that i support the genocide of the bosnians in the first place ? 
  can you point out where i said anything of the sort ? 
  i said i supported the dissolution of all nations , and you called me a marxist for it . 
  however , this argument is simply an extension of your point that genocide can never be forgiven . 
  if genocide can never be forgiven , and all countries are founded on genocide , then no country should exist . 
  easy . 
  you disagree with that , but it makes no sense why you should disagree with that when it 's your argument in the first place , logically rather than emotionally constructed . 
  that time does n't heal the wounds of mass murder and the knowledge that almost every country is built on mass murder of one group or another does n't lead you to conclude that all countries are illegitimate . 
  rather you would arbitrarily restrict the solution to the problem by only allowing compensation and dissolution of those countries where the aggrieved group themselves have a nation . 
  makes no sense . 
  your positions are capricious and not logically consistent . 
  i 'm not a utopian marxist , either . 
  what you 're saying makes no sense , however i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and a charitable interpretation , your point is that only those with a nation currently can elect to dissolve another nation formed via genocide and only those with a nation can get compensation . 
  i agree rs should be dissolved , but so should bih , croatia and serbia . 
  indeed , dissolution of all nations should be the ultimate goal . 
  uh , what ? 
  the natives did n't commit the genocide , the europeans did . 
  the europeans have the countries , clearly . 
  also , in canada at least natives have ` nations ' , which are autonomous . 
  and usa is literally one giant burial ground for the natives . 
  literally built on mass graves too . 
  you 're just emotionally attached to one and not the other . 
  the bigger argument is one where genocide is accepted as legitimising the existence of a state with the attitude : `` oh well , it happened in the past . '', 
  you personally participate in this attitude by your capricious application of a perfectly logical principle . 
  so you do n't think sidelining uighurs is good enough ? 
  why ? 
  are they less than humans or something ? 
  anyway , regardless of your apparent racism , you did n't answer the question , or comment toward the substance of the issue at hand . 
  you 're right about that , i take back what i said . 
  nevertheless , it does n't take a serb to make the comparison , merely a human . 
  we have plenty of countries built on genocide or ethnic cleansing today , not just the serb entity of bih . 
  beyond all of north and south america , the modern state of rwanda , sri lanka , car , sudan , south sudan , eritrea , xinjiang of prc . 
  the comparisons are innumerable , and as you said in another post , the passage of time does n't matter . 
  being offended at one state 's existence means that logically you should accept these comparisons and be offended by the existence of the rest . 
  you made the comparison , i took it to it 's logical conclusion . 
  you asked the question , did n't you ? 
  more like 300 years ago by spaniards , and the genocide was committed against the natives . 
  then the texans came 200 years ago , cleansed out the spanish and continued the native genocide . 
  difficult to say on the arab spring part , that 's a lot of factors including water stress and corruption , but politically it all begins in 2003 . 
  staying in iraq longer would not have prevented isis , because bridging the sunni-shiite gap is impossible from a theological and geopolitical standpoint ( see iran 's leadership of the shia world ) , and certainly the united states did not make themselves the friends of the sunni after kicking out saddam . 
  in a twist of irony i 've personally enjoyed for years , the united states handed iraq over to iran by giving control of the iraqi governing council to shia 's in 2003 and the disaffected baa ` thists and sunni are still living , in their minds , under an illegitimate shiite government . 
  to solve the problem of isis would mean solving the fundamental divide between shiite and sunni and the only way the united states could have solved it in 2003 would have been through a partition of iraq . 
  now it 's too late , isis has effectively partitioned iraq itself along sectarian lines , just have a look at a religious map of iraq and compare it to control of the various groups , instead of a civilian sunni democracy , there is a warlike sunni theocracy . 
  why did the us have to go and remove saddam ? 
  great success that was , bush 's holy war . 
  they claim the ends justify the means , lying about the state of iraq 's wmd program , lying about al-qaeda hiding out in iraq , using saddam 's brutal dictatorship to justify the end : disarming [ imaginary ] wmds and a stable democracy in iraq . 
  now the consequentialist argument has n't panned out and what do you hear ? 
  silence on the matter . 
  they should n't have attacked iraq in the first place , they had no un authority to do it , it was a unilateral attack in violation of international law and as i recall bulgaria joined in on the invasion . 
  i think hatred of refugees might bring europe together at last . 
  it will be , the way things are going in two years you 'll have a fence at the turkish border and a euromilitia patrolling the agean shooting any refugees that dare approach . 
  the best way to beat the refugee convention : make your country less safe than the origin . 
  the term ` coming directly ' has been defined at international law to cover people who have transited through a third country , stayed there for a short time and * not * applied for asylum there . 
  the purpose is to exclude individuals who have * temporarily settled * in the third countries , they would no longer be considered to be ` coming directly ' , but would have to apply for asylum in their place of temporary settlement . 
  if you have time to read a 2000 page book on the issue , i highly recommend : ` the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees and its 1967 protocol : a commentary ' by andreas zimmermann . 
  pages 1253-1254 relate to what i discussed above . 
  also , the 1951 convention travaux pr\u00e9paratoires a/conf .2 / sr on page 10 , attest to the same . 
  edit , and i almost forgot , of course , the rest of article 31 : `` the contracting states shall not apply to the movements of such refugees restrictions other than those which are necessary and such restrictions shall only be applied until their status in the country is regularized or they obtain admission into another country . 
  the contracting states shall allow such refugees a reasonable period and all the necessary facilities to obtain admission into another country . '', 
  ( article 31 , ( 2 ) ), 
  they also have the right to not sign the refugee convention , which hungary did sign : `` the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  ( article 31 , ( 1 ) ) '' if they do n't want refugees , why 'd they sign the convention ? 
  i 'm going to guess utah . 
  his catchphrase is actually `` oh shit '' to relate closer to modern orthodox youth . 
  liberland should take them . 
  finally something to stimulate the economy . 
  yugoslavia still exists ? 
  czechoslovakia too . 
  this might be an old map , and therefore explains the missing cities . 
  i feel for you , your people , and your country . 
  so among other things : they 're going to buy up a bunch of assets in greece , put them in a fun , and make money from them either by running the assets or privatising them , depending on what they are . 
  privatising does n't seems like something syriza is keen on , but it will be interesting if the greek parliament can push this through by basically getting together the syriza moderates and the right wing parties on board . 
  anyway , this might well be the end for syriza and tsipras . 
  watch out for the promaja !, 
  how do they determine whether you voted ukip to give access to iplayer ? 
  really ? 
  as far as i know it was only added to their official party platform in march 2015 , only a few weeks before the election . 
  i do n't doubt they were a minor voice , but they were a government voice nonetheless . 
  why were n't they saying that when they were in the coalition government ? 
  bloody joke . 
  another persective : for that kind of money you can buy land 61.53 times the size of england in the australian desert . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i 'm aware , that 's why i noted it was the orchestral version . 
  lyrics of ode to joy , part of the 9th symphony , beethoven , 4th movement . 
  the orchestral version is the anthem of the european union , not sure if official . 
  i doubt anyone would accept the german lyrics , someone better get on translating it to all european languages . 
  hungarian should be a treat . 
  japalbania . 
  former yugoslav republic of japadonia . 
  japanegro . 
  japurkey . 
  you 'll be fine , the only risky areas are the kosovo borderlands , and you 're in as much risk there as you are in los angeles . 
  macedonia is a beautiful country and should n't be skipped purely because the media is playing up terrorism . 
  i understand this is about the protests , but you 've got no skin in the game and people in the balkans love having foreigners around . 
  just take the usual precautions ( watch for pick pockets and scammers ) and you 'll have a good holiday there . 
  skopje is nice , but ohrid is a must . 
  it going toward federalization and gradual centralization , i believe this direction is the correct direction and should be sped up . 
  ** australia ** * [ johnny depp 's dogs deported ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-15/johnny-depps-dogs-leave-australia-on-flight-home-to-us/6474146 ) that 's about it .
