  / u/teirgo agreed with the idea , however , so i should hope you hold him complicit . 
  that 's not them ending up in an asylum shelter , that 's an asylum shelter ending up with them in it . 
  what , they 're gon na somehow end up in asylum shelters ? 
  i 've had every car i 've ever bought consecrated by priests and i 've never been in an accident . 
  it really works . 
  whether the uk is a crowned republic or not is a controversial issue . 
  the uk is n't a republic . 
  germans worried about missing work . 
  there will be no permanent return to border control , do people really think this will go on forever ? 
  i know , it was a typo . 
  looks like finland is bolstering it 's border with russia . 
  open borders for all !, 
  this is only the beginning of the mass migration , westerners have been living in their bubble for half a century now , but just wait for the havoc that pollution and climate change will cause . 
  you will be flooded , this is only the start . 
  more democratic than saudi arabia . 
  yeah , that 's gon na be enforced as readily as russia 's road laws . 
  not again !, 
  you guys just make up words and claim the crossword is complete . 
  kajkavski is more of a language than bosnian or montenegrin . 
  what is your flag ? 
  i do n't recognise it . 
  well if they were n't you 'd never be able to finish the crosswords . 
  i have a theory the trashy crossword industry in serbia is behind all this . 
  varies , i am from croatia ( half serb and half croat ) and we call it portugal . 
  officially , these days , the republic of serbia calls it ` portugal ' , as does croatia . 
  interesting , i would assume in czech , that - o indicates ownership . 
  so russia would be `` rusko '' , meaning ` land of the russians ' or ` place belonging to russians ' . 
  serbia would be ... srbsko ? 
  usually in serbo-croat the - a suffix would indicate a place , and the previous bits would indicate who owns that place . 
  for example : ` francuska ' , the `` land of the french . '', 
  fucking north africa , should have just deleted it . 
  you have awakened me from a deep , deep slumber . 
  belarus literally means white russia , corrupted from russian . 
  right , so then western law should declassify arbitrators who base their arbitration on sharia , and therefore make sharia arbitration outlawed , thereby meaning practitioners of sharia ` arbitration ' are no longer following western law . 
  i do n't see how that would be a positive , i 'm glad they care . 
  serbia cares too , or otherwise this balancing act between russia and the european union would be unnecessary , they 'd pick one side ( russian , according to you ) and stick to it . 
  i bet he did n't expect a country to bother calling out his lies and to even post his passport online . 
  croatia : expect the unexpected . 
  the eu wants to take away our rights to make homemade alcohol , slaughter our own pigs and own our own guns . 
  instead we should buy alcohol , buy pork , and pay to shoot guns at a range . 
  it 's ok , though , because we get economic development ^ \u00ae, 
  there 's nothing worse than americans telling us how to run our family conflicts . 
  why would you bury a perfectly good hatchet ? 
  western law allows for arbitration , so they are following western law . 
  they can , they just choose not to , probably because their domestic legal systems are substantially similar to the uk 's such that it does n't warrant setting up voluntary conciliation or arbitration systems for family issues . 
  might as well restore the soviet union while we 're at it . 
  this time with serbia in it . 
  see you on the other side , tovarish . 
  okay , got me all worked up for nothin ' !, 
  what was the best ? 
  when germany and soviet union split poland ? 
  jesus , the finns did nothing to the russians and here are the serbs happy whenever russia does anything , even if it does n't involve them . 
   henning wehn and basil fawlty [ taught the rest of us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfl6lu3xqw0 ) when mr wehn was one year old . 
  except he was convicted of a crime , but the court said any fine would have to be decided in a civil trial , this settlement forgoes the trial . 
  yeah , things like this often backfire . 
  i forsee an increase in piracy . 
  it 's an agreement between the parties ( ie the plaintiff and defendant ) to do this , a private agreement , the courts did n't make this agreement , it was a settlement to avoid a civil action which would almost cerainly succeed due to his conviction . 
  the comapnies realized he ca n't pay , so they came up with this , pretty stupid , way of making him pay . 
  not really the legal system to blame here . 
  then how would you make them ` want to ' become swedish ? 
  just a question , i do n't even know what the answer would be . 
  it 's alright , i doubt it 'll happen in the long run , bosnians are too lazy to become wahhabis . 
  i 'm older now , still mix with all groups . 
  i have no particular attachment to my group . 
  i do n't think what you 've said is true in general . 
  indeed , and this is the sort of concept that needs to change in order for there to be successful integration . 
  the changing of the concept of nationality is exactly what the naysayers are fighting against , so i 'm not surprised at the arguments being tossed around . 
   selection by what measures ? 
  [ here is a handy document ] ( http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/resources/manuals/op/op05-eng.pdf ) , you can find the relevant information on pages 42 and 54-58 . 
   which does n't exist . 
  german police is capable of deporting maybe 30k per year , in the past years less than 11k per year . 
  then you better get one in place , more money tends to do the trick . 
  public support also seems to be behind this kind of spending . 
   to germany alone this year 1.3 m come , 200k will go back , 500k will get asylum . 
  and unless the rules change , the family members of those 500k will come as well , end result : closer to 1.6 million arrivals from 2015 -- 2 % not 0.2 % . 
  then you need to spread them across europe , they can have freedom of movement once they have become productive members of society . 
  in any case , financial constrains will prevent many from initially budging from their allocated area , this is precisely what happened to me when i was a refugee . 
   they want to live near each other . 
  force them ? 
  you do n't have to force them , financial constrains and address registration tend to take care of the issue . 
  them wanting to live near each other is not always , or necessarily , the case . 
  their children and children 's children will also , similarly , not care once they 're settled . 
  understanding that the process is an ongoing one is key to solving the issue . 
   again , the difference to canada is the selection process , not the oh so unique integration measures , which totally have n't been tried in europe ... who said anything about canada 's system being unique ? 
  clearly the united states has a similar system , and i 'm sure european countries aspire to such system , though execution appears to be lacking . 
  is n't that what the refugee determination ends up being , a selection process . 
  the only difference will be that you 'll be processing onshore and will need a robust deportation system . 
  per capita , europe will take about the same amount of refugees in the end anyway , even 1 million refugees is only 0.2 % of the total european population . 
  inclusive of all immigrants , canada 's migration targets are about 1 % of population per year , and 0.1 % refugees per year , though expected to be be much higher in the coming year due to pledge to take many syrian refugees . 
  in any case , beyond the initial entry , you need a system that does n't just dump refugees all in one place , but instead disperses them across neighborhoods , cities and countries to avoid ghettoization . 
  that means that you ca n't pay service to nimbys , you have to ignore their criticism and populism and put the refugees there anyway regardless of what they say . 
  within a period of time , people will get along . 
  it is n't impossible , in fact , it 's perfectly natural and has been working in canada for decades . 
  once their kids start going to school and making friends , integration of the lower generation is an inevitability . 
  i lived in canada for more than a decade and multiculturalism definitely exists there , same with the united states . 
  all it requires is a reduction in ghettoization . 
  i 've lived in neighborhoods [ that were big mixes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mississauga#demographics ) of serbs , polish , arabs , punjabis , pakistanis , filipinos , caribbeans and blacks and i never saw any issues arise . 
  particularly when i was young , we 'd all run around together and not a thought was given to race or religious background either by us or our parents . 
  as far as i can tell , most conservatives support multiculturalism in canada , and i doubt you could call them ` hard-core leftists ' . 
  many muslims even vote for the conservative party .
