  ( i 'm aware australia is not in europe , but neither is todoroslavia . ), 
  maybe we read different news sources . 
  i 'm not sure where you get your news , but i doubt that the money coming from the usa in support of , for example , the uganda anti-homosexuality act , 2014 is meant to improve the `` quality of life for the locals in the long run '' . 
  i 'm not anti-christian by any means , and i know that christian charities have done a lot for needy people in the world , however to claim that `` these missions and charities '' improve life while at the same time campaign for the death penalty is nonsense . 
  most good charities are not fundamentalist charities , whether they are christian or otherwise . 
  what hyperbole !, 
  what else can you except from the neo-conservative * national review * , twice endorsers of george w. bush ? 
   `` yet there is no question that malmo has surrendered . '', 
  really , there is no question ? 
  i would say there is certainly doubt whether malm\u00f6 has surrendered , because despite apparent security precautions taken by the fire department , the fire department is still functioning , is it not ? 
  furthermore , i live in the west and it seems that when a fire department in a major city responds to a blaze it is almost invariably escorted or accompanied by police . 
  i would n't deny that malm\u00f6 has problems , but these are the same sort of problems that every city with a major immigrant population ( or non-immigrant , for that matter , see us and black ghettos ) has been facing . 
  in many countries they were solved through inclusive policies , education , etc , . 
  i 'm not sure whether the writer of this article is aware of how refugees are typically settled in the countries where they gain asylum , but refugees rarely have the right to choose where they want to live . 
  if you were n't aware , roseng\u00e5rd itself is basically designed to be a place refugees are sent to settle , the rent is cheap and it is easier to deliver the types of services refugees require if they are concentrated in a smaller area . 
  now it seems that sweden has not learned the lessons of america 's issues with blacks : what happens when you send a bunch of people not acquainted with the local society to live in a segregated zone ? 
  they tend to not integrate . 
  refugees see a strange society , they then also see that some people in this society treat them as leeches on the system , how would you react in such a situation ? 
  no , the blame is joint , both the swedish government and local opportunists are to blame for what 's happening in roseng\u00e5rd , and in sweden . 
   when firefighters attempted to extinguish a blaze at the city 's main mosque , local muslims pelted them with stones . 
  really , when did this happen ? 
  this article makes a lot of assertions , but provides little evidence . 
   with violent extremism as their guide , policymakers instruct security agencies that there is no need to scrutinize any strain of islamic ideology for the purpose of divining what islamists want . 
  in fact , the theory continues , because violence is wanton , while islam is peaceful , violence must perforce be anti-islamic , and thus islamists must be just as offended by it as anyone else . 
  this is absolutely untrue , if the repeated targeting of muslim individuals at airports , borders and even attacks on muslims in western cities prove anything it 's that policymakers are quite cognizant of the ( right or wrong ) fact that islam itself is the problem , not extremists . 
  the people who are most likely to die of extremism are other muslims , not europeans or americans . 
   in france , the government now posts on its official website the list of 751 zones urbaines sensibles , the muslim enclaves considered no-go zones . 
  very interesting , this , because they are n't considered no-go zones , they are in fact zones that require targeted policies to resolve the issues found in those zones . 
  some of them barely even have any muslims in them !, 
  interestingly , the people who claimed these were no-go zones are , surprise , fox news !, 
  [ they even apologised for calling them no-go zones . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2015/01/18/fox-news-corrects-apologizes-for-no-go-zone-remarks/ ) the writer of this article did n't even bother to check his sources ( does he have any ? ), 
  before writing this steaming pile of shit . 
  i could go further , hell you could take issue with almost every paragraph of this article , but you can safely assume that it is rubbish and is liable to make you stupider after reading it than you were before reading it !, 
  on the contrary , we hear it all the time . 
  however doing good does n't excuse doing evil . 
  and they will lose in ireland too . 
  us christians have also funded groups in africa which kill gay people , teach local populations that being gay means you are subhuman and they also lobby governments to make them pass anti-gay laws . 
  i doubt most americans support these kind of endeavors , but as always christian fundamentalists prey on the weakest . 
  that 's fine , but then call it what it is , do n't call it a law promoting freedom of speech , instead call it a law that prohibits certain types of speech . 
  clearly anti-holocaust denial laws are just , but nobody in their right mind would call them ` free speech ' laws . 
  this article sounds like it was written for an essay by an undergraduate political science student . 
  has the typical structure : everything i say is correct , here is a minor criticism , here 's a way to address it . 
   the bill therefore supports free speech by finally allowing scholars to discuss ukrainian history in its entirety . 
  that said , critics of the bill are correct to point out that its sixth article , which makes the `` contemptuous attitude '' toward the listed groups potentially punishable by law , defeats its inherent goal of encouraging historical objectivity . 
  this seals the deal for me , the whole discussion of free speech in the section about these groups that liberated ukraine reeks of doublespeak . 
  is this bill meant to encourage ` historical objectivity ' or ` freedom of speech ' ? 
  if the bill is meant to establish ` historical objectivity ' and contrary accounts of history exist , then how is sanctioning an objective history compatible with freedom of speech ? 
  to top it off where contemptuous attitude toward the groups in the bill exists , holding such an attitude may lead to criminal sanctions . 
  the bill is clearly not about freedom of speech , it 's about control of speech , in fact . 
  sorry , i meant no offence . 
  proof that environmentalism is just commie propaganda designed to take away muh freedoms , v8 truck and guns !, 
  there is no point of arguing like that , just point out the facts of the matter : maybe some catholics converted to orthodox , but the vast majority were those orthodox christians from what are now serbia and bosnia who fled the turks and settled in the habsburg military frontier ( vojna krajina ) during the 16th to the 18th century . 
  this was a time before nationalism , so i 'm not sure if you could even call them serbs , just slavic orthodox christians speaking a bunch of serbian dialects all united in the goal of saving their necks from the ottoman sabres . 
  some pieces do indeed fit !, 
  however , the ones that do depend on what the overall puzzle is . 
  if the overall puzzle is the european union , you certainly have pieces that fit , capitalism as a unifying force comes to mind immediately . 
  you type with your mouse ? 
  exactly , there 's no need to worry about those things because the pieces will never fit , you will never have a complete utopian society . 
  why does everyone keep asking that ? 
  my nick is an unfortunate mistake . 
  i see slavs are stubborn no matter the country . 
  inat everywhere . 
  japanese . 
  it seems more solid than a normal puzzle , for example if you pick up a normal puzzle by the edges the whole thing falls apart . 
  the good thing about his understanding of the europe puzzle is that sewing the pieces together makes a puzzle considerably more resilient to being picked up without lateral support , you could even use it as a throw rug and it would survive . 
  damn southern europeans , they ruined southern europe !, 
  the serbian river flotilla is part of the army . 
  nah , it was a joke , but go ahead and remove it . 
  12 ; unless you 're the god-damn roman emperor remove your profile from your coins !, 
  very rarely have i understood a comment less . 
  two heirs with no hope of ascension commiserate . 
  that 's still 30 % that could potentially read it . 
  also , do n't forget , most of afghanistan 's literate population is in kabul ( nearly 70 % male literacy , relevant since males typically make decisions in afghan society ) and you can expect most of these billboards will be going there . 
  it 's very real , and its from a few years ago , even . 
  part of the stop the boats campaign . 
  i think someone else in ~ ~ thai ~ ~ this thread posted the video advert as well . 
  those appear to be in pashto and parsi , not arabic . 
  which is a good thing , since they do n't speak arabic in afghanistan . 
  here is one of the australian ones ( also available in local languages ) , if you 'd like to compare : http://i.imgur.com/ml8cyfs.png, 
  it 's almost as if they 're more of a stunt to show the austrian population that the government is doing something , even though what they 're doing is probably one of the least effective , and cheapest , methods . 
  ( i ca n't imagine it costs much to put up a billboard in afghanistan . ), 
  sure did , the article makes no mention of the language the billboards will be in . 
  there 's also no excuse for sweatshop labour and slave-like workplace conditions for refugees and immigrants alike , yet you do n't hear much popular complaint . 
  only the visceral cultural issues get the attention in contemporary european discourse . 
  hopefully they do n't put them up in german . 
  welcome to north america , a free speech zone . 
  your gun is to your left . 
  implying that you do n't . 
  how do you even decorate your house without paintings of turks being slayed . 
  i think it 's the main motif of every balkan house . 
  who said they ca n't send them back ? 
  i know they 're not in europe , but liberia 's counties in africa have a great set of flag , not doubt designed by talented kindergartners : http://imgur.com/a/tyerm#0, 
  if you take that as a yes , you 're the kid , man . 
  yeah , whatever ` normal ' might be , are those the same adults that talk about ` common sense ' * ad nauseum * and lament that the younger generations lack it . 
  those people with their homespun wisdom and lack of perspective should go take a statistics class . 
  this whole made-up refugee crisis is the result of those very idiots you call normal lacking understanding of the world . 
  where did those croatian bastards steal those trees from ? 
  let me get this straight ; you really think that my initial comment was anything but commentary on the ambiguity of / u/marketplacevertical 's comment ? 
  you can know mental states without being the individual having those mental states ?
