  thanks for what you 've said , but luckily r/europe is better than either of us thought . 
  it 's a distraction playing on populist fears deflecting blame from those actually responsible . 
  it has plenty to do with it , at the very least the public presentation of it . 
  i do n't disagree with you , i think it should have nothing to do with it , but it has become artificially entangled with the whole scheme . 
  the best way to sort out the terror threat is not to demonize refugees , which will likely increase threat , but rather to defund the funders and stop supply lines to these groups . 
  these charts show what happens when state funding for terror dries up . 
  a closer lens should be brought to qatar , saudi arabian private interests , and turkey . 
  of course , our politicians are too busy being polite and ` diplomatic ' to the very people that fund the killing of our friends and neighbors , all the while hiding the true source of terror through obfuscation and laying blame on an innocent group of people . 
  none , according to the icj . 
  reminds you of a better time , does n't it ? 
  exactly , it applies to jewish people as well , the reformists will tell you that not shaving the four corners of your beard is an old law that you do n't need to follow to be a real jew . 
  hasidim , but i do n't believe 'em . 
  because it 's a quote , that word is a quotation . 
  you put quoted words or phrases into inverted commas when they form part of a title . 
  we 'll see how free you 'll be to spend your money when isis is in control . 
  it 's a known fact you wo n't be able to buy cigarettes , or music , or certain styles of clothes . 
  sounds more restrictive than the european union on the right to spend , not to mention the right of free speech . 
  oh yeah , well in 1998 i had a 1980s ibm with no hard drive , or internet connection , 640kb of ram , an entirely dos system with all necessary programs stored on 5\u00a01/4 '' floppies . 
  in 1999 , i got windows 95 . 
  assad 's forces also rape , torture and kill civilians and have been for years . 
  yet now western politicians are starting to like assad somewhat . 
  time to kick those bums out . 
  how do you know they 're not fleeing the regime ? 
  the survey does n't take into account who the refugees are fleeing from . 
  the question asked was : `` in general , do you have a positive or negative view of isil ? '', 
  of syrian refugees surveyed , 4 % said ` positive ' and 9 % said ` positive to some extent ' . 
  i 'm not sure having a positive view of someone is necessarily supporting their goal . 
  what if they were refugees chased out by the syrian government or the rebels ? 
  they might view isis positively . 
  even if they do , it does n't mean they support the complex system of nation building isis is involved in , or particular actions of isis in countries outside of syria . 
  the ` article ' linked above is an editorial , the author should be glad the numbers are so low considering the varied trauma experienced by syrian refugees . 
  do our montenegrin brothers and sisters actually use \u0179 or \u015a ? 
  because of world war i. 
  supposedly we 're allies . 
  no it is n't , the ramifications of the two decisions which , as you rightly say any sovereign country can take , are completely different . 
  my point is that for article 123 , the ramification would be nil . 
  article itself says it applies to the ecb as well as national banks of eu states not in euro . 
  as i said , whether or not it is enforced is the question . 
  the text is clear , however . 
  they can still do it , they may have to fight the eu to do it , depending on the eu 's willingness to enforce article 123 , but simply because something is forbidden , does n't mean it can not be done . 
  what the outcome will depend on is enforcement , and proportionality of penalties to actions if enforcement does occur . 
  according to the treaty of maastricht , sweden is obliged to join the euro , but they have n't done that either , and nobody has punished them for it . 
  hey , none of that . 
  in this community we respect budgets limits , every single country that has gone over budget has failed . 
  the roman empire failed due to debt , wiemar germany too , and remember when the united states collapsed because it spent more than it gained in taxation ? 
  terrible times . 
  just wanted to come back to this post . 
  i do n't think any of us will be sad to see that opportunist go . 
  however considering his previous comebacks , chances are he 'll just grow a mustache , change his name to stevo , and be back in power in a week . 
  and akp will win . 
  unfortunately not everyone think the same way as you , nor does everyone have the same resources as you do , and speaking as a refugee , i do n't think the way you think right now will be the way you think when your house is destroyed . 
  what if you only have enough money for one of your kids or just your wife ? 
  what if your wife/kids would not survive a thousand kilometer trek on foot ? 
  what if they 're ill or immobile ? 
  what of your parents ? 
  what if they were in a relatively safe place in the warzone and you had the chance to go out and get enough money to get them all out safely without making these sorts of decisions ? 
  well yeah , considering he 's dead . 
  however , i 'm sure they can find another forensic expert . 
  let the conspiracy theories begin !, 
  perfect , they 're welcome to come to canada or the united states . 
  you 'll be sending us your best educated citizens , since they are most likely to disagree with populist bullshit . 
   `` we will file a lawsuit on facebook . 
  and prove that the refugee osama [ was ] wrong . 
  he changed his testimony after he initially blamed police . 
  my husband wants to prove my innocence . 
  for him , it is now a matter of honour , '' she told izvestia . 
  i do n't know hungarian law , but is it reasonable to sue over a change of testimony ? 
  hungarian lawyers , anyone ? 
  all of that is besides the point , which was about why there was a disproportion of working age men compared to other groups . 
  sure , but i saw a similar , less individually restrictive , invitation from the german government . 
  no , i did n't confuse them . 
  for example , i went to canada as a refugee , we had to pay for our own airplane tickets . 
  no different to these people paying for people smugglers , boats , or whatever other means . 
  so would you say that our current migration laws that place limits on immigrants are ` social engineering ' in the sense that they exclude individuals such as refugees who are attempting to naturally mix with the european population ? 
  the one that understands that families with little money send their working age males out first , who hopefully start earning money and reuniting the family later . 
  being a refugee is n't cheap , actually . 
  sure , you 've got a pitcher and a batter , the pitcher throws the ball at the batter . 
  if the batter hits the ball , you take a drink of your beer , if the batter misses the ball , you take a drink of your beer . 
  if the batter hits the ball properly , he can run to the next base , if he makes it , you take a drink of your beer , if he is out because the ball is caught by someone in the field , or the batter is ` tagged ' by being touched by the ball before landing on a base , ( ` safe zone ' ) , or the ball gets to the base before he does , you take a drink of your beer . 
  if the batter misses the ball three times ( ` three strikes ' ) , he is out and you take a drink of your beer for him going out , and another drink for the new batter coming in . 
  if six batters are knocked out , the first side is out and they switch with the other side , you can now drink as much of your beer ( or chug ) as you can until the sides are back on the field . 
  now the side that was batting before is pitching and vice versa . 
  you do these switches 8 times . 
  in order to get points , a batter must go all the way around the pitch and run to home base , every time the batter takes a base , you take the number of drinks of your beer corresponding to the base number ( first , second third ) , finishing you beer each time home base is reached . 
  if the bases are ` loaded ' , ie each has a person on them , you open three beers at the same time , and finish all of them regardless of how many batters actually make it to home base . 
  by this time you sausages should also be ready and/or purchased , so eat several of those , taking a drink of beer with each bite , but do n't stop paying attention to the game . 
  the team with the most amount of points after 9 phases wins . 
  hopefully by tomorrow you will also forget the entire experience of watching baseball . 
  that 's typical tyranny of the majority , do n't kid yourself that the european right-wing stance toward the refugees is any morally different . 
  i 'm in australia at the moment , and in the cbd of my city , there are europeans everywhere . 
  many of them take up restaurant jobs and the like , which generally pay $ 18-24 per hour here . 
  i 've spoken to a number of them , particularly a few spaniards and italians , and they say they could n't even find work let alone work that pays this well for flipping burgers and serving beers . 
  with summer on the way , employment opportunities are going to expand for european visitors , especially on holiday visas . 
  not saying there is n't some exploitation , i 've heard people being paid under the minimum wage ( which are about $ 18 in the restaurant industry ) , but most of them do n't seem to complain about it . 
  i think employers particularly like european servers who can speak both english and their home language/other european languages , because they can also serve the droves of european tourists that also come here . 
  those fees are part of the procedure to start a business , whereas minimum wages are not part of the procedure to start a business . 
  ali mohammed al-nimr was crucified ? 
  i thought he was still awaiting sentence . 
  i 've just had a look , and every website says he is still alive , yet you say he was crucified a month ago . 
  where 's your source ?
