  maybe the young are behaving like that now and it 's opening their eyes . 
  because we need someone to blame . 
  a lot of young people voted leave , but we ca n't acknowledge that . 
  everyone needs a scapegoat . 
  to quote my facebook feed : `` god damn british white old racist men . '', 
   it 's what we do as a species . 
  right , thats why we 're extinct we 've always tried to kill or our youth at a disadvantage , i forgot . 
  or maybe you are just a bigot . 
  option 2 seems more likely tbh . 
  but we can spread panic and curse the uk since them leaving us kinda hurt our feels . 
  yes , the union is your jealous ex-girlfriend , deal with it . 
  well , that 's fucking democracy for you , if you have a problem with that you can still move to north korea . 
  yeah , right because its only in the uk , not in a trend a cross the whole union . 
  oh wait , it 's actually happening in the whole union . 
  we 're talking about a refugee , there are laws involved , how would a refugee  legally < obtain a firearm ? 
  that 's impossible , so yes , my counterpoint is that you 're either fucking retarded or trolling . 
  well , they 're scared , duh . 
  they 've sold everything , they ca n't defend themselves anymore and if you ca n't beat up a bully u got ta suck up to him . 
  yeah , they take credit for everything , but face it , they said attacks would be more and guess what . . every 2 months someone kills a couple of 100 ppl . 
  fun . 
  i mean you 're joking , but imagine europeans being armed like ` muricans . 
  someone tries to overrun 200 ppl in nice ? 
  shoot him . 
  someone tries to chop people into half with an axe ? 
  shoot him . 
  it could be so easy . 
  like , only shoot someone after he killed 100 people or smthin , 99 would be fine tho . 
   it is also not said that he would have killed people in the future . 
  so you 're saying that there is a small chance ( like 0,5 % ) that he would n't have been further radicalized in prison ? 
  i mean , you do realize that many radicalizations happen in prison ? 
  that 's why they 're teachers . 
  because it 's catchy and easy to remember , but there are enough famous persons in history who delivered quotes that say the opposite or weaken his point . 
  but tbh , you should n't give a lot about quotes from people who died decades ago , they were made in a different context and in a different time , thats why i laugh when people quote churchill regarding the eu , that bigot would 've been the first to condemn it in its current form . 
  quoting people is pseudo intellectual laziness . 
   `` those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future . '', 
  - john f. kennedy ___ `` we are made wise not by the recollection of our past , but by the responsibility for our future . '', 
  - george bernard shaw ___ `` i like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past . '', 
  - thomas jefferson ___ `` you can never plan the future by the past . '', 
  - edmund burke ___ `` italy remained attached to conservatism . 
  it had a political class that lived in the past and did n't build the future . 
  the past is our strength , but it risks becoming our ruin if we walk with our heads turned backwards . '', 
  - matteo renzi ( current pm of italy ), 
  i 'm kinda hyped for scottish independence , the idea seems even worse than brexit . 
  i 'm all in for the drama . 
  did n't realize that scotland funds trump like the us tunnels funds to mexico . 
  til . 
   sturgeon 's just milking her 15 in the sun . 
  first one to actually analyse scotland 's situation correctly . 
   supposing that the elections are n't rigged in a large scale trust me , they are n't . 
  so many of our `` european '' turks in germany and austria are loyal to erdogan , it 's ridiculous . 
  yeah , that 's not how it would go , they would actually consider asylum for him and he would stay for atleast a couple of months until they 've decided . 
  oh and lets not forget that he has a pretty big following in germany and even in austria , yesterday the turks just marched out on the streets and held big protests in his favour . 
  yeah , actually it is n't . 
  [ plz ... ] ( https://youtu.be/ncvqi9jlt7e?t=31 ), 
  thats such a uneducated and dumb statement . 
  i ca n't give you a precise example , especially in english , but i do see alot of people complaining in the forums of our print media ( derstandard , diepresse ) about them only reporting about negative stuff regarding refugees as soon as they 're writing about assaults or any violent acts commited by people . 
  hell , derstandard had even a columnist who wrote himself that our unions and our arbeiterkammer are basically forcing the refugees to rape , since they 're blocking immediate access to our labour market . 
  his reasoning was that those young strong men are just bored without work and that 's why they start raping . 
   foreign propaganda would be limited if right-wingers were not so incredibly eager to jump at any news item mentioning `` refugees '' and `` bad '' at the same sentence . 
  or if left-wingers would n't interpret every negative coverage about asylum seekers as nazi propaganda . 
  see how i counter bullshitted your complete bullshit ? 
  bull check shit mate . 
   for not wanting the bloody foreigners . . 
  he 's a new yorker with a turkish grandpa . 
  noticed how often times the foreigners are against more foreigners ? 
  it 's so weird . 
  i like it . 
  it is a nice fk you from the uk to the rest of europe ... 
   not once in my life have i personally used lube for masturbation i did that once , i mean cmon u see it in movies all the times . 
  never done it again tho . 
   no lube even if you want an long session ? 
  30 + min ? 
  no , none . 
  would n't make any sense, 
  law abiding bigots , duh . 
  ofc some guy from a other european thieve country suggests piracy . 
  yes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_harvey_kellogg  kellogg worked on the rehabilitation of masturbators , often employing extreme measures , even mutilation , on both sexes . 
  he was an advocate of circumcising young boys to curb masturbation and applying phenol to a young woman 's clitoris . 
  in his plain facts for old and young, 
  john harvey kellogg , a doctor and `` the corn flakes guy '' , was an advocate of sexual abstinence so he tried to think of stuff to stop masturbation . 
  he invented the original corn flakes , with no sugar , no taste , just bland food , as `` anti masturbation '' meal , that was supposed to stop lust and he made circumcision popular , because he thought it would stop masturbation . 
  you know , harder to masturbate when your penis is kinda dry and you do n't have any foreskin , not to mention that it takes a couple of seconds longer since you 've killed a couple of nerves during the circumcision . 
  i actually never got why american tv shows always used lube for masturbation jokes , till i realized that they were all circumcised . 
  the whole population fell victim to one anti-sex nut job , and they 're still doing it till this day , its fucking hilarious . 
  some semi religious nut thought it would stop people from masturbaiting . 
  do you know why it 's practiced in ` murica ? 
  the reason is both , retardedly stupid and funny as fuck . 
  we 're all bigots , the rest of us do n't have photoshop , sieg heil . 
   as long as you do n't try to influence our government with your strange politicians everything 's alright dude , we would n't send quantum engineers to watch the sheep , we never sent our politicians , we sent one of our worst painters . 
  nah , the germans are just lacking leadership , we can straighten them out , 
  imo she 's one of the biggest trolls of our decade , fooled so many and they just keep giving her money for bogus kickstarter projects , its amazing . 
   on the balkan border and historically having stretched into the balkans it 's been taken away for more than 80 yrs mate , thats like saying germans are actually french because they border to france and because they invaded it in ww2 . 
  like cmon , you ca n't be serious lmfao . 
  do n't forget the greek people , they 're actually all turks , oh and the russian people are actually ukrainians !, 
  poles are germans by your logic . . dayyyum we have to rename everything !, 
  oh and there are no english people , they 're actually all scotsman !, 
  it was tho if i have no humor because `` i 'm german '' , then why would i post shit like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4sh0r1/europe_according_to_austrians/d599xut ) ? 
  exactly !, 
  where did i get butthurt ? 
  i just corrected a geographical mistake , the rest is just some random stuff that you 're interpreting in a \u2260 symbol .
