  you 're like the fucking juiciest target ever . 
  god i love this civil march already , i have n't had that much fun in weeks . 
  better for whom ? 
  it 's not better for your own life expectancy . 
   these fools should work directly with a charitable but that would include manual labour ... cmon ... thats unreasonable !, 
  i have , local merchants who say that those protesters are blocking the streets , which is hurting their sales . 
  those and the protesters themselves seem to be the only people who do care . 
  i think the last `` fu ** hofer '' protest ( a protest against the far right presidential candidate ) was a circlejerk of 100 people who told eachother how much of a nazi he is . 
  another one ? 
  what is it with crazy woman who travel to even crazier places just to get murderer there ? 
  i think she 's like the 4th or 5th who does this as `` protest '' , not counting all the `` isis wifes '' . 
   german media i fucking love german media , i mean you ca n't trust the content , but german media is always good for a laugh . 
   the elves in dwarf fortress are a bunch of girly boys armed with only their leather skirts who walk around and complain when you cut down trees lmfao , that does sound like sweden . 
   australia-style camps is my best bet people arround here would lynch you ( which is kinda ironic ) for suggesting something like that . 
   but what about italy and greece ? 
  would work for them , but we wo n't allow it , we hold them up to `` higher human standards '' . 
  remember the first refugee crisis when lampedusa was overrun with them ? 
  well , what did merkel say back then ? 
  i like how the german greens were like `` the north ca n't leave the south alone , help italy '' and she just noped out and said it 's their problem . 
  faz articles like [ this ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/europaeische-union/unglueck-vor-lampedusa-bundesregierung-lehnt-aufnahme-von-mehr-fluechtlingen-ab-12607289.html ) are hilarious in retrospective . 
  i mean , why did she turn 180 \u00b0 ? 
  sudden development of humanitarian feelings ? 
  or the realisation that a couple of cheap refugee slave workers might help the economy ? 
  gues she underestimated the amount . 
  nonono uncontrolled immigration from unskilled workers is good for the economy !!, 
  you make so much money !, 
  well , not as a country , but you know if you own companies you can save a lot of fucking money because they do n't need normal wage , you can fire the native noobs and hire the refugees for slave wage and save a shit ton off $ $ $ . 
  sometimes the retarded countries even pay for some education for your slave workers , being a big buisness owner is glorious . 
   but a fence will save us from seeing other economic migrants cry when they find out they are in piss-poor romania . 
  or , we build a fence around your country and ... well lets say we 'll call it `` camp romania '' . 
   `` if you kill your enemies , they win . '', 
  so true, 
  yeah , but thats no evidence , is it ? 
  so , you 've never opened the papers ? 
  because germans are pretty deluded when it comes to migration and refugees . 
  maybe because of something that happened in their history ( 70-80 years ago ) , who knows . 
   people are n't allowed to join isis either says who ? 
   in may merkel and 75 other people would die when a car bomb blows the reichstag  a man can dream, 
  we 're talking george michael here , the amount of drugs , toilet sex ... he lived enough for a couple of lifetimes . 
  i do n't get how you 're not comprehending this , there is a normal status of society , where terrorism is unacceptable , where you fight people who threaten the safety of your citizens and you suggest that `` terrorism is just the price we have to pay '' , which is a complete degeneration of the `` normal status '' . 
  the suggestion itself is pretty `` bonkers '' . 
  i mean , cute insults buddy , but if you 're unable to comprehend the similarities on your own , process the meaning of the word and have to resort to semi-personal insults i have to assume that you 're the 12 year old kid , or like your name suggests , a 19 yr old kid . 
  i would 've posted a picture where they actually . . well get really comfortable with another , but the sub does n't allow the dailymail , 
  [ mi5 agent juncker ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1528196/nigel-farage-jean-claude-juncker.jpg ) is [ on ] ( https://blobsvc.wort.lu/picture/751721505adde8bb2def9ec0e29b2e5d/577/356/wortv3/cc3b8061d3202c58d26d68f4e3a66066fe70484d ) his mission to [ dismantle the european union ] ( http://static4.uk.businessinsider.com/image/57723ef04321f122008b45e6-1190-625/jean-claude-juncker-just-embarrassed-nigel-farage-in-front-of-hundreds-of-meps.jpg ) . 
   seem to increase so this is a positive development idk about germany , but another government instance found out that we do n't actually know if the people we 've `` deported '' ever left the country . 
  we 're just assuming that they 've boarded their flights . 
  not like someone we 've `` deported '' years ago killed a woman a couple of months ago ... now that 's a nice and great working system . 
  first come first served . 
  so `` do n't close the balkan route you racist mofos '' was just an advice from brussels , not an order , i get it . 
  oh , so a negative example , my bad , sorry . 
  i did n't connect the dots between your posts and the guy who posted above you . 
  because it kinda is . 
   because you are scared shitless i 'd argue that the people who 're pretending like everything 's okay are the ones who 're scared shitless , because they 're too scared to face reality . 
  there is a big difference between rational and irrational fear . 
   so you hate anybody who is n't as scared as you are i 'm not scared , austria is n't a target , i wo n't die of a terror attack , my neighbours and family wo n't , honestly , they ( isis , terrorists , . . ) need us as a transit country so we 're pretty gucci , but i ca n't believe that the population of countries like germany is so scared that they accept a terror threat and a terror attack as something normal in their lives . 
  this is literally them winning , even tho the people are telling themselves they 're not , accepting those threats and basically giving up is them succeeding with their goals . 
  actually the complete opposite of any confidence , it 's like a nerd getting bullied in school and just going along with it . 
  when did germany become so weak ? 
   that the best thing against fear is self-confidence . 
  no fear here my dear . 
   nothing bad will happen to you !, 
  i know   merry christmas !, 
  to you too . 
  uhm , because its literally the definition ? 
  [ degenerate ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/degenerate )  b : having sunk to a condition below that which is normal to a type ; especially : having sunk to a lower and usually corrupt and vicious state, 
  that 's the most degenerate thing i 've read in a long while . 
   we can use our country of france as an example of this . 
  god no , the prime example of failed multiculturalism . 
  soo , this is why everyone in berlin is like `` lets pretend like nothing happened '' , they 've accepted the fact that terrorism is now part of their lives . 
  i think the german police did that already , a couple of days ago . 
   not really ? 
  no , we 're just playing into his hands and depend on him . 
  i mean it 's either , bow down to erdogan , let the refugee crisis from 2015 happen again , or secure the european borders . 
  and face it , we 're not gon na secure our own borders , that costs money , ca n't spend that much and keep the austerity politics going . 
   to the point one could suspect the whole greek farse was an imf-led robbery merkel had to clean after haha , never thought of that interpretation myself , but it does make sense . 
   is n't germany the only country actually benefitting from austerity , unlike other european countries ? 
  pretty much , yea . 
   is n't cdu/merkel pretty center-left already in regards to the refugee crisis ? 
  she is , her party is n't supposed to be . 
   is cdu/merkel really that cozy with right-wing `` illiberal democrats '' in central europe ? 
   they dont gey satisaction becouse 12 dead people is nothing in the country of 80 milion . 
  bullshit , they got what they wanted , only 12 dead people and the is made every fucking frontpage on every fucking paper again . 
  well , if you 're in charge of security it 's kinda hard to admit that it 's not secure . 
   one and strong when ? 
  1 guys takes out 12 , injures 50 and escapes , 12/0/50 pretty damn good kda if you ask me . 
  the paris attackers had a pretty good kda as well . 
   perhaps their objective is simply to murder , in which case , they 're not only winning , but also getting away with positive exchange rate and some even manage to escape . 
  i could n't agree more with you , but i guess the `` business as usual '' stuff is a coping mechanism for the people who 're too scared to face reality . 
  i can relate , i can understand , but i would n't do it myself . 
   the only reason they were able to stop large scale emigration was that their economies were n't integrated with those of the west talking about bullshit answers . 
   typical bild idiocy . 
   tbh , both headlines are retarded . 
  because ignoring danger works very well . 
  thats why i do n't look at traffic lights , i do n't fear car accidents . 
   walling off half of one city i have to facepalm so hard right now yes , they walled off one city , the problem was that everyone tried to cross in the border in that city , people did n't think about crossing the border at another place ... ca n't wall off a whole continent , can ya ? 
  well , [ they could ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_curtain#/media/file:iron_curtain_map.svg ) . 
  no he meant force , because the guy is probably so far gone that we need the help of the force to find him . 
  may the force be with us . 
  nice one germany , good old german efficiency at work . 
  so much stupidity in so few lines , congratulations .
