  oh god , his family changed their name from drumpf to trump 150 years ago because drumpf does n't sound english ? 
  wow , no family has ever done that before . 
  / s does he really give the people not enough attack surface ? 
  oh wait , the point is that his ancestors were immigrants and hes against mexicans ? 
  afaik they were legal immigrants and he 's only condeming the illegal immigrants . 
  this is why we do n't want to be a hub for people anymore . 
  we send you one retard that could n't get into artschool or hold a job and what happened ? 
  you all fucking followed his crazy ideas and tried to gas everyone . 
  we 're not sending shit anymore , get ur refugees urself !, 
  well , it 's not `` illegal '' just when you go on vacation outside of the country you are required to tell the jobcenter and they freeze your unemployment payments till you 're back in the country . 
  so you basically have to pay for the vacation and you do n't get any money for half the month , thats why most unemployed people are going without telling , which , if they find out means you get a whole month cut off your payments or even worse . 
   300 $ to spend for return ticket . 
  come on this is not a small amount of money . 
  it 's like 1 month rent for a room in western europe shared flat ? 
  no , that would be $ 400 and upwards arround here . 
   while you 're on unemployment , you can go on vacation !, 
  thats illegal in austria . 
  i mean you `` can '' do it , but if they catch you , well good bye unemployment checks . 
  wait the point is labour for refugees but only hartz 4 for unskilled german citizens ? 
  thats even worse , i mean who the hell would hire a german when u can get a refugee for half the price . 
  i thought u guys were in talks to put minimum wage on hold again due the recent immigration influx and the improbability of them getting hired at a minimum wage . 
  like i said , in austria they 're openly admitting that there is a growth . 
  i was just kinda suprised about germanys low unemployment rate , but then i remembered that they do n't count 1 euro jobbers or people who work for less than 700 $ / month and who still get unemployment checks ( alg ii ) as unemployed . 
  they count as `` looking for work '' or as `` working '' . 
  yeah , she said : `` we can do this !, 
   we import people that cost a lot of resources but unemployment rate ` goes down ' . 
  uhm , across the eu , the austrian unemployment rate is actually exploding . 
  i think `` der standard '' titled something like : unemplomend growth not as big in febuary . 
  nobody arround here is seeing it going down x ) edit : i forgot , germany is still doctoring their unemploymend rate and we 're not . 
  she is n't talkin about the country that shes appointed to lead , shes talking about 27 other countries that have legitimate goverments . 
  good job comparing apples with oranges . 
  that would be like me comparing merkel to hitler . 
  another german chancellor is at it again , trying to tell the whole of europe what they should and what the shouldnt do , god damn it !, 
  so merkel not wanting refugees and wanting peace in the middle east is a fact ? 
  thats why she does n't do anything to stabilize the middle east and why shes only taking refugees . 
  now i get it . 
   unfortunately there is n't a formal election until next summer . 
  which she will win anyways , most germans agree with her stuff . 
  nice vid , she 's smiling , she gets flowers , who cares about a couple of protesters , the german voters will make her party the strongest anyways so what . 
  austrians , germans , frenchies . 
  central europe . 
  yeah , the people would too . 
  hell , even now many people are putting blame on greece already . 
   i doubt most anyone would blame greece and macedonia everyone would . 
  double standards are very strong inside the union . 
  idk , and i know that they are n't but they 're share a culture with arabs , so i refer to them as arabs instead of asians . 
  okay , geographically they 're asian , but tbh their more influenced by arabia ( mainly because they border to it ) especially culturally and religion wise . 
  so i refer to them as arabs . 
  guess we 're lucky , we do n't have such `` wars '' , but we have funny incidents like a group of afghans robbing a group of iranians and the other way arround . 
  they 're basically arabs robbing other arabs in our country , lmao . 
  good one , i rate 9/11 . 
  as a austrian i would call that a `` sieg '' , but only because this is the stereotype thread x ), 
   is n't the court who gives a fuck ? 
  this is n't court supervised removal of content , this is infact their interpretation of hate speech hiding behind the law . 
   there is no one person to decide what is hate speech and what is n't - the rules are very clear . 
  actually , the rules are very unclear because there is n't one person to decide it . 
  everyone has different views regarding hate speech , some of the points you quote as not hatespeech would be condemed by the german left as hate speech and national . 
   she endorsed trump * her demented father but i have to admit , i thought of her first aswell , thats what i get for only glancing over a title . 
   hitler was literally one of the worst pieces of shit ever born . 
  aw come on , he was vegan , he stood for animals rights , he did n't smoke or drink . 
  his only flaw was hating people . 
   it is wrong to compare putin to hitler . 
  i thought everyone who does n't agree with eurpean policies is litterally hitler . 
  man . . this remindes me of some hilarious comedy . 
   adolf hitler wakes up to find himself in the 21st century . 
  from there he pursues a career as a standup comedian . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4176826/ ah , german movies < 3, 
  just a nice way to raise tension between illegal and legal immigrants . 
  so it is n't true that the turks ca n't play soccer because turkish soccer players would try to open a kebab stand as soon as they get a corner ? 
  not yet, 
  he 's german , if he saw someone googling stuff like that he 'd be the first to call the cops . 
  but if its only leftists acting like they 're righties than where the fk are your actual righties ? 
  what are the fighting ? 
   remember that guy in germany who stabbed himself a bunch and tried to blame it on ` nazis ' ? 
  article link plz, 
   where the banking and oil industries are controlled by the austrians , germans control the retail market etc etc ) only the rich profited , the middle class and the lower class lost alot of jobs . 
  basically , the european concept , rich people get richer and poor people get poorer . 
  i know loads of people who lost their jobs because their factories moved to east europe . 
  the first spike was the time leading to wwi the second was the time leading to wwii , do we really need to get to wwiii ? 
  okay so , its overpopulated in terms of peaceful times if you want it that way . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to offend the german overlords . 
   16 years later the local court did n't resolve that case ( #justbosnianthings ) trust me , every court works slow , slow slow slow slow . 
  i know of child support cases that had n't been resolved till the `` child '' was 18 . 
  ah u with ur weird upside down french flair . . god damn hipsters . 
   also we have civil unions that are almost equal to gay marraige which is a huge step above hungrary afaik they have that too ? 
   how is orban homophobic ? 
  meh , hes right , obv every one whos rightwing is homophobic and looks up to hitler atleast thats what our media trys to tell us . 
   there is nothing for less than 10 $ . 
  i was talking about cold rent , there are some objects starting from 8 $ / m \u00b2 but . . yeah i would n't wan na live there . 
   prices have risen steeply within the last 3 years . 
  obv , because vienna is quiet [ overpopulated ] ( https://www.wien.gv.at/statistik/bevoelkerung/images/bevoelkerungsstand.jpg ) , its simple supply and demand and the supply on housing is ... basically non existant . 
   just the other day 5 afgahns robbed and injured people in a mall . 
  you do realize that they 're basically robbing themselfes ? 
  it 's afghans robbing iranians and irakians robbing afghans and so on , all in vienna ... kinda weird . 
  also weird that `` die presse '' left out the nationality of the victims , [ der standard ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000031778541/vier-verletzte-durch-brutalen-ueberfall-in-wien-landstrasse ) did include their nationality . 
   as a normal citizen , it becomes less and less possible to afford the rents in vienna you think 8-10 $ / m \u00b2 is n't reasonable ? 
   and if nobody did , nobody would this would only work in a perfect world , then again , we would n't have this issue in a perfect world because they would n't try to slaughter their neighbours . 
  yeah and u only got it because germany wanted it aswell . 
  now tell me again whos running the eu x ), 
   by her barely affected the numbers yeah , thats why the refugees want germany , not any other european country and thats why many of them carry a photo of merkel on their cellphones and thats why they stood inline to take selfies with `` mutti '' .
