  yea , merkel invited them and they 're thankful for that . 
  ca n't agree more . 
  they do n't need to be told . 
  u saw his own party members struggling to not laugh , i myself had to laugh aswell , granted maybe for only 15 seconds but i do n't know the guy so . . 
  idk , i had to laugh myself at that line , did n't feel forced , maybe a litle over-exaggerated . 
   one of those values is that we help those people who are in need . 
  yup , send them the nato , establish a safe zone in syria , send them food . 
  but do not let them in . 
  right , / r/europe is stormfront , okay dude , maybe you should lay off the meth now . 
  / r/europe is n't representative for the majority of people living in the eu , this sub is mainly visited by pro-eu minded people . 
  yeah , on paper and only the economy , not the people . 
  her actual words were `` we can handle this ! '' . 
   you see being pro-eu as some form of expressing gratitude to germany ? 
  ofc , i mean they 're running that shit show , so why would n't they . 
   the german people have had a chance to reject merkel 's policies . 
  well , a minority has ( like 12 % or smthin laughable ) and like every minority they think they 're representative for the majority . 
  only because backpaddeling now would look like she does n't know what she was doing , which , yeah she really did n't know . 
   everyone wants to get off angela 's wild ride . 
  but the opinion polls see her ahead by a quiet large margin , so . . that ca n't be true ? 
  they did n't expect the numbers to be that high ofc . 
  a bit of cheap labour for every european country would 've been nice , but nobody expected that many people . 
   germany seem to think about refugees as if they were bags of potatoes that was pretty clear from the start , merkel wanted to import a couple of people to have cheap labour and more work for teachers/schools . 
  the refugee crisis could 've been a very profitable scheme for germany . 
  kinda sad , there are human beings we 're talking about and now they 're stuck in `` camps '' because they followed merkels calls . 
   germany does n't want the immigrants anymore too . 
  cmon man , merkel said you can do it , now do n't puss out because it is n't a piece of cake . 
  nothing ? 
  they started over 3 years ago ( founded 6 february 2013 ) with 5 % or smthin and the 15 % was overestimated , its more like 12-13 % , so no considering we have a `` refugee crisis '' and their program is heavily opposed to refugees the results are everything but massive . 
  kinda laughable tbh . 
   the afd will get massive votes in the upcoming elections . 
  i do n't see them anywhere above 15 % . 
  `` massive votes , the people are fed up '' , yet every poll shows csu/cdu and merkel ahead of other political parties . 
  you might wish it were that way , but your fellow country man are sending one clear message to merkel : good job !, 
  keep it up !, 
  we can do it !, 
  \\ #refugeeswelcome is still pretty big . 
  only if the `` growing population '' can find jobs , but right now that seems not very likely . 
  in austria the youth unemployment rate for people with compulsory education is arround 40 % . 
  most of the refugees are less educated than that . 
   nope , it 's just people doing the right thing and delaying having kids until they secure a steady income . 
  i do n't get why every european country wants a growing population . 
  unemplyment rates are basically exploding in every country , whats the point of importing people who will be jobless anyways . 
   wait , the fact that people get to vote for their own representatives as opposed to having someone elsewhere impose them is a problem ?!? 
  i think he 's implying that germany is running the eu , which makes his representatives worthless and he ca n't vote for the german representatives . 
  it 's because the eu is always changing , when i was ~ 11 ( 2000 ) my country democratically elected a right wing goverment . 
  there was a huge outrage inside of the eu , because back then most eu countries had socialist parties in charge . 
  so they threw sanctions at out country , urged our president to not swearin the goverment , etc , sent a delegation , hell i do n't know what else . 
  today , look at poland , nobody gives a fuck . 
  i 'd say the righties were right back then and now the lefties are right to complain about the eu . 
  the eu is always swinging between directions , even tho it should be centric . 
  does your country count the people not voting ? 
  austria stopped doing that years ago , people who do n't vote are ignored . 
  that was a 28k people sample size over the whole union , so the uk sample size for this was probably arround 1k people . 
  i 'd say that this `` map '' or `` poll result '' does n't stand for anything because the sample size is ridicilous . 
   but they were made based on the experiences from ww2 they were made by countries that were guilt ridden after ww2 , they were n't made with a mass refugee scenario in mind . 
  just by pure logic those laws ca n't apply anymore . 
   many people are opposed to refugees because these supposedly do n't share our believe in basic human rights and freedoms . 
  thats just one factor , the other factor is that the big cities arround here are actually running out of space . 
  i 'm not joking we have kind of a crisis in vienna , they can charge ridicilous rents ( like 8-10 $ / m \u00b2 ) because there are n't enough flats anymore . 
  http://derstandard.at/2000031299130/wien-plant-mobile-holzhaeuser-gegen-wohnungsmangel hell , we have to get `` mobile wooden homes '' for people . 
  when we stop having space for our own people we have to draw the line , else we 'll be refugees pretty fkin soon . 
   gewalt thats german for violence , you should be talking about gwa\u0142t which is polish for rape . 
   like 60 % stay , 40 % leave . 
  no , 50 % stay , 40 % leave , 10 % i do n't give a fuck . 
  the last sentence explains that . 
  got ta say , those assaults have a nice sideeffect , i did n't know about him before . 
   but it 's kinda hard to say if he actually intended to do the spitting idk why , but i find this hilarious . 
  damn , now i have to go back to think about gummi bears and rainbows before the thought police arrives . 
   was n't this what they came to sweden to avoid ? 
  no , they came for money . 
  alcoholism is the most common addiction in austria . 
  obama will send a letter to the european council . 
  `` yes you can '' - barack obama, 
   when they are very much out of our control . 
  ah the good old german `` m\u00e4rchenstunde '' . 
  there were always ways to control immigration influx , hell the great wall of china did its job for thousands of years . 
  or the ddr , i mean its so god dam ironic that the germans are the only ones who ca n't remember that big wall that went trough their capital city that could seperate normal families for 2 generations . 
  i can only say this from an outside perspective , but what / u/journo127 writes is pretty much what the most people outside of germany think . 
  cdu might have `` christian '' in their name and maybe was conservative once , but they are n't anymore . 
  the german definition of `` right and conservative '' is kinda weird . 
   both austrians and germans . 
  uhm , we already opted out , and yes `` wir schaffen das '' is basically an invitation , it implies that germany can handle this , no matter how big the refugee influx might be . 
  sadly you 're not as smart as you think . 
   it 's definitely not that old people need a shitload of expensive services and do n't work . 
  seriously ? 
  you know old people that do n't work ? 
  most old folks i know ( 65-80 ) either work a part time job because their pension does n't really cover the cost of living or work volutarly because they 're bored . 
  we 're not taking more than 30k a year , u can keep the rest . 
   her plan of forcibly sending them to other eu countries is not going to happen . 
  i bet it will happen . 
   is n't really that much of an old tradition . 
  my family originated from italy , the last 5 generations i know of were stay at home moms : /, 
   it 's expected in sweden . 
  well , sweden is afterall a pretty weird country for eu standards . 
  you forgot her adopted children from syria . 
  oh snap , he got you . 
  what a stupid title . 
  sad , but true , most well educated turks laugh about our immigrants . 
  except that he studied it when he was young , now he 's the president of the '' k\u00fchne logistics university '' which is a privat school and he 's done alot of other stuff in education . 
  besides , the german title reads `` education expert '' .
