  why do blacks get segregated african `` safespace '' dorms at colleges ? 
  this is btw hilarious irony , first ur grandparents fight for equality and equal space now u want segregation again , lmfao . 
  fuck , why do you even have to identify as `` white , black , asian , . . '' whatever , i 'm white , yes , did i ever give a flying fuck about my skin colour ? 
  no , why ? 
  because i 'm a fucking human , like everybody else , and i do n't define myself through my fucking skin colour . 
   what 's the point on imposing the tyranny of the majority over minorities ? 
  basically the exact opposite is happening in the us . 
   you would be surprised but there is a shocking number of young anti equal rights people in both the cdu and csu . 
  not only in those parties , i 've come to find that a lot of younger people in german speaking countries ( de/at ) do n't see gay couples as equal . 
  racist australians !, 
  no animal is illegal !, 
  wildlife refugees welcome !, 
  build a wall . 
  how dare you post a white supremacist symbol !, 
  better than that guy . 
  yeah , but we like it . 
  considering that a lot of germany 's exports are going to the uk , i do n't think that would amuse germany . 
   use whatever english name trans-czechia, 
   this may mean that they count asylum seeker on asylum seeker crimes as xenophobic hate crime . 
  so , you 're importing hate crime ? 
  well done germany . 
  totally not the common view and how almost everyone , except you , views it . 
  this makes the german numbers look a lot better ... 
   yeah so basically newspapers write articles based on facebook comments now . 
   uk newspapers , got ta love them . 
  you 're confusing formal education with being educated on that one certain matter . 
   education levels show the ability or capability to learn and analysis information no , they really do n't . 
   but showing an ability to learn is important . 
  which it does n't , there is no direct correlation between those things , there is a plethora of other , larger , factors . 
  getting completely fucked over by your own party and bending over for another round does tho . 
  good thing he lost , sanders would 've been terrible as president . 
  imagine him meeting other leaders like putin . . holy moly . 
   what 's more important to look at , is the rate of education in voters for leave or remain . 
  how 's that important ? 
  education is a vague term , it does n't mean that they 've educated themselves about the union or its laws , it just means they 've studied something once . 
  and from my days on campus i can tell you , there are a lot of doctors who 're complete fucking morons . 
  but , who gives a shit about that treaty anyways ? 
  if the uk had enough leverage we would n't even read about it , they would scrap it in a matter of seconds . 
   based on a survey that demonstrated the more people knew about the eu the more likely they were to dislike it . 
  source ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , i find that people are more inclined to learn about things when they 're sceptic . 
  you cut off the whole thing , i mean its for god , cmon . . 
   it puzzles me why americans do it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_harvey_kellogg#masturbation_prevention ), 
  sieg heil my stalinist friend . 
  it 's not broken , you 're a : to dumb to read my comment and b : to dumb to c&p . i literally just copy and pasted it from my comment . 
  thats just sad . 
   copy-pasted it , does n't work . 
  https://i.gyazo.com/66777244c24b8fc79275a90b7d099ca9.png since you 're not even able to c & p a simple url it 's probably not worth it to talk to you , good day . 
   to say that nationalism has nothing to do with fascism is funny . 
   i would like to see the source on these experts , especially since literally every expert is a pretty bold claim . 
   is there anyway to search my comment history ? 
  i posted once a list with ~ 10 experts , their publications and the universities their teaching at , but i 'm way too lazy and drunk to do the research again ...  now , what were you saying about every expert ? 
  not all fascist leaders hit all of these points either . 
  that they completely disagree with you . 
   1 . powerful and continuing nationalism \u2713 that 's not even a fascist point , nationalism has nothing to do with fascism , but yea , experts no nothing , etc. 
  edit : fuck my own research , here is a vox.com article on why dt is n't categorized as facist . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  oh no , wrong chant . 
   i 'll like to point out that i find him to not only be a clown i see this as an act , he gets all the attention and coverage he wants for free . 
   but a dangerous populist candidate so is hillary , they 're just pandering to different crowds . 
   reminiscent of a few fascists literally every expert on fascism disagrees with this . 
  i think he 's a pretty smart man who knows how to manipulate the media and the people . 
  his enemies underestimate him , his followers adore him , it 's fucking brilliant . 
  he 's a marketing and manipulation genius . 
  but god knows what his real intentions are , nobody can tell . 
  with hillary we at least know that what she wants , power , maybe bomb a few middle eastern countries , get some oil , launch a couple of nsa surveillance programs and some shady trade deals the usual stuff , but trump ? 
  total wildcard . 
   unless you float over on a raft that is , then suddenly the rules do n't apply . 
  wow , now people at work are looking funny at me because is started laughing like an idiot . 
  i can actually count up a couple of terror attacks in the us that have been stopped by private gun owners . 
  guns = bad logic is very european . 
  remember the guy in munich with the glock ? 
  strict gun laws do n't mean jack shit , they 're just boosting illegal sales . 
   this case has nothing to do with lax immigration policies . 
  the guy was radicalized in germany and not in syria . 
  who 's doing the radicalisation , german born germans with german ancestors who 're actually christs ? 
  i 've stopped reading after thats wrong , either do your homework or do n't post . 
  germany blocked the pass at the walserberg and german officials ( merkel , de maizi\u00e8re ) shit on us for wanting to close the brenner . 
  so uhm , chest tattoos , back tattos or upper arm tattoos ? 
  do you go bare chested to interviews ? 
  in austria you need to be able to ear pork and drink alcohol to pass any tourism or culinary school . 
  i mean , imagine a pastry cook that ca n't touch gelatin ( pork ) or ca n't make tiramisu because of alcohol , lmfao . 
  or a freakin waiter that wo n't serve pork/alcohol . 
   the austrains will throw the passes shut . 
  we ca n't , because the germans are fucking hypocrites who closed passes to our country but started to cry racists , bigots and what not when we wanted to close down the brenner . 
  my favorite quote from merkel regarding lampedusa back then was : `` italy is facing a challenge , but can totally handle it '' . 
  they voted for brexit , they 're now horrible people who torture and murder every immigrant , duh . 
  finns are n't even european , not even remotely , i mean you even have your own dna markers that no one else has because you 're so fringe and so far away . 
   but it is likely that they would get kicked out of the eu . 
  right , britain leaves , we 're threatening to kick out hungary already , lets kick out italy too . 
  while we 're fucking at it why are n't we disbanding , i mean lets face it , we ca n't agree on anything anymore anyways . 
   i guess 200 years welfare and peace has made people naive and forget certain fundamental things in life . 
  degeneration 3 : http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/degeneration, 
  sweden going full retard , i fucking love it . 
  it 's like a spectacular car crash , i ca n't look away !, 
  uhm i though `` without the uk we can all happily work together '' , now it turns out that the uk was n't even the problem ? 
  nah i do n't wan na play empire with them . 
   after we 're done playing nazi we can play a new game : the austro-hungarian empire . 
  uhm , with orban as our leader ?
