yellow teeth yellow teeth are actually considered healthy arround here . 
   also not talking much is not rude in finnish culture . 
  it 's the complete opposite . 
  same goes for personal space . 
  in finland it is respectful to mind your own business . 
  do you accept austrian refugees ? 
  length does n't say much about complexity . 
   actually it is every train not later than 5 minutes no it 's 6 in germany . 
   and cancelled trains are included . 
  no they 're not , if you 're fluent in german i 'm happy to link you news articles of focus and similar papers . 
   and to be fair , germanies raildroad system is much bigger and complex than of the neighbours . 
  where did you gather that information . 
  did you include that the german statistics count every train thats only 6 minutes late as `` on time '' ? 
  or that trains that are completely cancelled are not in the statistics ? 
  so even the db doctored statistics ca n't keep up with their neighbors . 
   that is a very german thing to say . 
  apart from the transit system in hong kong and singapor and maybe japan the german train system is one of the best and most puntcual in the world hands down . 
  it 's not even the 3nd best in europe , please , do n't bullshit us . 
  that there are no kangaroos in austria , we have kangaroos in almost every zoo !, 
   so long as `` everyone has solidarity '' and just joins ... everything else can be worked out later . 
  funfact : this is how greece joined the eu . 
  the german chancellor helmut kohl knew that the greek numbers where faked , but he said something similar about solidarity and everything being worked out later . 
   you probably could n't claim to be from hamburg to someone who knows german accents and dialects . 
  this is actually very dependent on your educational level and enviroment . 
  higher educated germans/austrians tend to speak a dialect free german aka hochdeutsch . 
  i for example can speak the vienna dialect , but i rarely do , i speak hochdeutsch and most people i meet think i 'm german , based on my lack of dialect , even tho my family is born and raised in vienna . 
   removing assad what for ? 
  most refugees are n't from syria anyways . 
  btw , that shit worked so well with saddam and gaddafi . 
  it totally did n't backfire . 
  but but , they bought fake syrian passports . 
  i mean they 're making an effort , we should keep them . 
  u can get them at the eu borders for ~ 200 euros , why bother going to syria ? 
   also , is n't maintenance included in the rent ? 
  he 's either living with his parents or in a student home , bcuz what he 's writing makes 0 sense . 
   you do n't have to pay for maintenance fee every month . 
  so what do you call `` betriebskosten '' if you do n't call it maintenance fee , lol . 
  to me the story has some major logical flaws , where did they get the idea from , where are they getting the vests from , where are they putting the garbage , where are they getting the roses from . 
  idk , that is so obviously staged . 
  not really, 
   sometimes europeans can be real smug jerk offs . 
  always , my dear , always . 
  thats our appeal . 
  could you not name the us and eu in one sentence as if the numbers were comparable ? 
  because the us took less then germany alone . 
   over the course of two or three hundred years , america and oceania took in about five hundred million refugees from europe . 
  thats probably the most retarded statment i 've read on / r/europe . 
   well she obviously doesnt have a plan next phase : hand out free german passports for every refugee , secure reelection till death . 
   it was `` obey the law '' hungary who abandoned the dublin agreement , not us . 
  false , austria and germany agreed to abandon dublin . 
  orban pressured merkel and fayman after they criticized him and they immediately caved . 
  well played by him . 
  which means that the refugee camps arround syria are perfectly safe , why else would those men leave their families behind ? 
  if my siblings , mom and dad were in a war zone i would n't leave them to rot , i would fight for them . 
  i suppose they would too , which can only mean one thing , . . 
  he did n't , k\u00f6lsch is n't beer , its water with beer taste . 
   the ` turkish immigrants from before ' were not refugees . 
  the kurds were refugees , and many immigrants ( a 3rd i think ) that count as turks are actually kurds . 
  same goes for refugees from irak , 1/3 of them are kurds aswell . 
  they got political asylum for various reasons . 
   every immigrant and his iphone i think the same , just the iphone part mate , not everybody from syria is a economic refugee , some of them have/had money mentioning the iphone is unnecessary . 
   people getting sick and aggressive idk , watching the `` refugees '' throwing the water cans back onto the police who 's giving out food makes it look like those people are already aggressive as fuck . 
   what austria and germany are doing with scapegoating hungary is outrageous . 
  i would never have thought this could be possible in such developed nations . 
  manipulations , distortions , outright lies . 
  it goes both ways mate , i mean yeah the austrian goverment is run by scumbags who turn like a flag in the wind but orban played them like a god . 
  he let it escalate just a bit , got them to the austrian border , germany and austria caved and basically declared dublin 3 as a failure . 
  well played mate . 
  everybody 's already joking that our right wing does n't need to campaign anymore since our chancellor does it for them . 
  the press is predicting high wins for our right in the october vienna elections . 
   this was about the mood after the first round when estonia accepted the 170 refugee quota . 
  so it 's probably way worse now ? 
  everyone knows mexico is a radical muslim state . 
  i got a dozen of answers to my post , but that was the most original one . 
  you 're comparing germany which is like 10 times in size to a country thats . . one of our smallests ? . . 
  we 're loving people , but you 're a moron . 
   some form of real government . 
  the majority of people is already pissed of by brussels , if they propose something like a central europe goverment and an united states of europe concept we 're in for civil war . 
   also : greece should not have been admitted in the first place as it did n't fulfil the membership criteria completely true , the german chancellor helmut kohl himself knew that the numbers were fake , he still wanted a `` unified europe '' . 
  why do you think they want to go to germany ? 
  your reunion laws are the easiest and the fastest . 
   crashing into a canal how ? . . 
  ofc we have , our lifestyle is based on their missfortune !!, 
  now everybody needs to adopt atleast 2-3 3rd world refugees . 
  jk plz send them back . 
   obviously germany but as far as i know is vienna more than 200km away . 
  as far as i know vienna is in austria , they should walk towards germany !, 
  well atleast i hope they do . 
  who wants to work for dracula ? 
  tbh , the downvote gave it away :p, 
   us is not facing a refugee crisis of the same magnitude as the eu , which has been `` blindly following american orders . '' no shit , there is the god damn atlantic ocean and a half a dozen of seas ( mediterane , ionian , ... ) between the usa and syria . 
  open a fucking map . 
  `` oh man , there is half the globe between us and their country , i wonder why so little of them come to us '', 
  damn , you played me . 
   why do they want to go to germany so bad ? 
  germanys laws for family reunification are pretty lose and work fast . 
  if you want to bring ur folks to hungary they will show you the finger , in germany they will pay u the plane ticket . 
  it 's not a suggestion , its whats happening in germany , i think its ridicilous and the `` everybody is welcome and make sure to bring your folks '' policy fucks every other european country . 
  germanys guilt helper complex pretty much encourages those refugees to run wild trough europe . 
  edit : just so other people are n't getting as confused as you got i added an / s to the `` suggestion '' i forgot that i had to indicate sarcasm on the internet .
