  atleast you 're staying true to your nick . 
  500k divided between 8 countries . 
  and something tells me that there are more to come . 
   european governments for the most part function purely on emotional appeals . 
  just not on the emotional appeals of their own voters . 
  merkel approves . 
  i 'm not russian and i 'd say the same . 
  erdogan is a baby putin . 
  not yet , but everything that starts there spreads to the rest of europe . 
   will hug you only after you attend the terrorist seminar . 
  can we make that a thing ? 
  every new muslim must attend the terrorism seminar !, 
  the left wing controls the media , how the fk do you plan to discredit something that controls your tv , news papers , . . 
  there are so many people who believe anything thats on tv or in the paper ... 
  atleast download it . 
  nurses do n't pledge the hippocratic oath in my country , dunno about france tho . 
  it 's soley for doctors . 
  in america they have the nightingale pledge . 
  i suppose thats human nature , my grandma always told me how they threw tons of parties after ww2 to keep their minds off their shitty situation . 
   for them your joke was indistinguishable from that . 
  that 's my guess . 
  cmon , after ur comment its kinda obvious , i stick with the clenched butthole theroy . 
  u can take a joke , props to you . 
  unfortunally the rest of / r/europe has a clenched butthole . 
  why is fatty mc big mac talking ? 
  i find it hilarious , let them do it , lets dissmantle our own religious institutes and watch the islamic takeover . 
   learn the local language ( an make sure it 's your children 's primary language . 
  do n't worry , they 're not doing that , they 're always talking to their children in their own language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe#/media/file:europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg okay . 
   east = russia eastern europe = poland , czech republic , hungary , slovakia , ... 
   take all the refugees without problems , like germany can you ca n't , this statement alone is fucking hilarious . 
  your bitch ass chancelor would n't try to force quotas onto the whole union if you could . 
  ur right , lets let everyone trough , a couple of suicide bombers are n't important . 
  got ta see the positive side , now paris has space for 200 more refugees . 
  nah , hes a noob , our politicians are two-faced cunts aswell , but they do n't show it . 
  he 's too dumb to hide it . 
  wait , there is actually an option to tighten borders and control them ? 
  are n't we told that thats litterally impossible ? 
  damn my goverment has been lying to me , again . 
   people expected greece to be the least honest country are you shitting me ? 
  why ? 
  thats actually a fucking good idea , like one of the best that i 've heard from any politican . 
  why do n't we have this kinda stuff in austria , wtf . 
   since greece and italy had been saying they were going to collapse for months already to which merkel responded `` we can do it ! '' . 
  yeah , she did n't create the problem but she made it 10 times worse then it could 've been . 
  it 's still a fact that she made it alot worse then it could 've been . 
  so yeah , germany is partly at fault . 
  so we would have a couple of years with out those fuckers if we blow their asses off ? 
  sounds like a good deal . 
  i mean , ur argument would be : why shave , your beard is regrowing anyways . 
   in syria i learned that islamic state longs to provoke retaliation . 
  we should not fall into the trap in short : let them kill and bomb our people , its cool . 
  by americans , his biological dad was syrian his mom from german descent . 
  so adopt a child refugee now !, 
  maybe you can be the father of the next apple boss !, 
  it helps the german selfesteem , they 're pretty much on a guilt trip since the nazis so they 're loading up their country with all cultures to show how liberal they are . 
  litterally a clash of cultures within germany and now they 're forcing this on the whole union . 
   source ? 
  i read something similar on the homepage of an austrian paper ( derstandard.at ) but they took it down a couple of hours later , idk why . 
  yeah , but do we have to make it easier for them ? 
  idk , feels weird . 
  yeah , everything was open , she totally did n't make it alot easier for terrorists by creating an uncontrollable influx of immigrants to hide in and `` pausing '' dublin . 
   the reason these migrants run over the balkan like a horde is that they know that once they reach germany , they will not be send back . 
  thats true . 
  but there is one thing that i 've always wanted to know , i mean its already proposed that private people can provide housing/food for refugees , for how many people does merkel do that right now ? 
  i mean her salary is pretty high , so she should be able to afford a couple of 100 's ? 
  it 's a mess because we 're not screening the people , we 're just opening the flood gates and let them overrun us . 
  there is no coordination . 
   germany and sweden will stay alone in this mess . 
  sweden : ` we have no more room ' for refugees and migrants , says liberal nordic nation http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/sweden-we-have-no-more-room-refugees-migrants-says-liberal-nordic-nation-1528077, 
   does n't work , never worked historically . 
  ever heard of the `` great wall of china '' ? 
  that thing was never stratigically defeated and it kept the barbarians out ( or in ) for ages . 
  yeah , but , : `` yo guys , u 're fleeing thats cool , we got enough space here for everybody . '', 
  did n't really help . 
  hey !, 
  you 're cute . 
  bravo . 
  do n't waste ur time typing , left facism is very strong in germany . 
  how about you proof your case first . 
   but seriously i think actual feminists just do n't get as much media attention and are too busy working with organisations too care . 
  and some kids seriously believe in santa . 
  thats like saying `` hey , germany was n't bad during ww2 , the nazis only reached 39 % at the polls and most of those voters did n't even want to kill all the jews '' . 
  no , they really were that bad and yes i just compared modern feminism with the nazis . 
   `` the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . '', 
  currently it 's white overprivileged woman fighting for more privileges, 
  yes i can , people change , so do agendas and goals , if you chose to ignore that simple fact of life , change , then i ca n't help you . 
  i wo n't argue about facts , change is a fact of life - adapt or die . 
  this is n't a `` vocal minority '' if it were they majority would n't take this bullshit , these are thoughts and ideas that are aligning with the majority of our current `` feminists '' and they 're raising their children with the same agendas . 
  to give you a very cheap analogy : a dollar is n't worth what it was 30 years ago , same goes for feminism - it 's currently preached by overprivileged woman with one simple goal : get more privileges . 
  i 'm seeing it in his current context , which after all is what concerns us right now , i do n't care what it stood for before i was born . 
  and in it 's current context its just about female privilege . 
   real feminism is about equality . 
  that would me equalism , not feminism , there 's a reason the movement is called feminism . 
   when i play football i ca n't get away with a smoke or a beer really ? 
  i can easily smoke during football , it 's not good for the game and proably makes you lose but it 's possible to do . 
  i can easily bring along a beer on a run and take a sip during running . . your point being ? . . 
  and the break time during soccer/football/basketball is enough for alot of beers . 
  at the end of the day you can drink and smoke during alot of `` sports '' ( water/winter sports being the exception here ), 
   ` if you can smoke or drink while playing the sport , it 's not a sport ' .
