  a very nice example is `` derstandard '' , they 've published a statistic about sex crimes , which had 294 austrians and 103 foreigners convicted , the title of the article was roughly `` 3 times as many austrians convicted of sex crimes '' , mind you we 're a something over 6 million austrians and we have only a million foreigners . 
  papers around here are quiet hilarious . 
  you 're not wrong , your only problem is that you can vote your local government out , but you ca n't vote for your eu reps , which makes the eu vastly inferior . 
  so you 'll tell cyprus and greece that they 'll lose subventions if they do n't accept it , big deal ? 
  another shocking fact is that brexit was actually a tool for cameron to pressure the eu , he does n't want it . 
  you 're talking about the chick , right ? 
  so said government has to stand for its own actions and ca n't hide behind the eu anymore , which would actually benefit the people . 
  too sexual, 
  denmark ... is so fucking great . 
   that only effects 0.3 % of the population sure its that much ? 
  i mean we 're talkin about `` trans '' ** children ** ... 
  [ exactly !, 
  ] ( http://www.uniformvietnam.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/rg-costumes-80108-escaped-convict-costume-size-adult-standard-3-300x300.gif ), 
  you 're welcome angela . 
   i hope you are also aware that saying something about somebody is not the same as killing somebody . 
  yeah , i took an extreme example , so what , the point stands , a disclaimer changes nothing , else you could put a disclaimer in front of everything . 
  imagine edward snowden , who also only used words for his leaks , using a disclaimer . 
  you think anyone would give a fuck about that ? 
  the disclaimer has literally no legal meaning , and his actions could be interpreted even worse , you could argue that they were deliberate , that he knowingly planned on breaking the law . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're completely wrong . 
  right , that changes everything , because if i make a youtube video saying `` if i would kill someone this exact way : '' * film me killing someone * and upload it i totally would n't be liable for murder , i only demonstrated it . 
  i mean , thats how the world works right ? 
  i just have to say that i do n't mean it !, 
  that makes everything that i do go away and there are no consequences for me !, 
   he said that this would be illegal which is literally the definition of breaking the law . 
  btw , you 're completely wrong , he even said erdogan could sue him for that . 
  he does have kind of a point , the eu wo n't be reformed , accept it how it is now or leave , it wo n't change for you . 
  apples and oranges, 
  shh do n't attack his strawman, 
  why ? 
  do you want to humiliate your national team ? 
  why ? 
  do you want to humiliate your national team ? 
  why ? 
  do you want to humiliate your national team ? 
  so that does look like valid criticism to you ? 
  interesting . 
   hopefully you are not in germany , because i would not want you to be prosecuted . 
  we have similar laws , most european countries do , but you would need to sue me first . 
   you should try to throw in a surrender/coward joke in the mix . 
  i do n't like the stereotype since france was one of the strongest military forces in europe . 
  so they got fucked once in ww2 , does that really erase the rest of history ? 
  he cited german law and stated that he will break german law . 
  why do n't you stop shoving baguettes and frogs up ur ass ? 
  and while you 're at it stop wrapping your tiny dick in cr\u00eapes . 
  thats btw the kind of `` criticism '' that you 're trying to defend . 
   it is quite possible that b\u00f6hermann broke the law pretty sure he did , i mean he even said so himself , he just did n't expect to be prosecuted , because . . meh b-promi . 
  feels  reals, 
  it actually is , lol . 
  but deny history , what ever . 
  apparently there is a scottish team , a waleish team and a english team . 
  `` united '' kingdom . 
  our new president got elected with 50,2 % , can confirm , every citizen showed huge support , except the party of the bad guy , blabla , whatever, 
  what kinda logic is that ? 
  if you have more taxpayers , you have more money and you pay more in . . how 's that skewed ? 
  no we do n't . 
   but going there is just a mindless russian roulette . 
  for anybody tho , not only woman , i as a dude would n't set a foot into the uae , if they do n't like you they just think of a backward law and let you rot in jail . 
  its basically the bild with a better layout . 
  alot of clickbait titles , alot of `` outraging '' crap , okay its pseudo intellectual boulevard , tabloid was maybe the wrong word . 
   ah , ok , so now statements by politicians and a media report = eu strong arming . 
  well , no fucking shit who 's sitting in the eu ? 
  a king or politicians ? 
  wtf dude . 
  if the people sitting and making deals there issue statements then they 're not supposed to stand for the union ? 
  what ? 
   i 'll reverse that and say by having the referendum the uk is threatening the rest of europe . 
  by your logic that seems to be perfectly ok . no because you 're a fucking nobody . 
  lets use your logic , if i was a isis insider who planned a couple attacks , announcing that we 're gon na attack paris again , i should be ignored because , fuck it i 'm only a insider who helped bombing some countries , what the fuck do i know . 
   how ? 
  do you have any evidence for that ? 
  uhm statements of politicians ? 
  sch\u00e4uble basically said , either they 're in our they 're completely out , no agreements like switzerland or norway , no single market access , nothing and now this article tries to set a brexit-britan on par with fucking russia , which we 're sanctioning . 
  so those are n't scare tactics in your world ? 
  interesting . 
   since the eu is hq 'd european central bank in frankfurt , germany , so is that skewed too ? 
   i think you may be seeing something there that just is n't there . 
  nah hes right , at the moment the eu tries to `` strong arm '' the brits into voting for remain . 
  visa shit is just not going to happen , it would be ridiculous to treat britan way worse than we treat norway , switzerland , . . 
  it 's a tabloid , what do you expect ? 
   brexiteers should take the words of schaeuble serious nah , that useless fossil will be gone soon enough , who cares what he has to say . 
  he 's just trying to show of his `` muscles '' one last time . 
  since when ? 
  yup , it is . 
   of course they would not . 
  i can safely say that the vast majority of us americans would disagree with you . 
   and we 'll be forced down that way because of circumstances one way or the other . 
  not atall . 
  bloc crap never worked in europe and ended horribly , every god damn time . 
   by far larger body count than nationalism and thats still and understatement . 
  you can see that very well when you talk to poles for example , most do n't even care germany invaded or hitler did something , but they go nuts as soon as you say anything about russia or communism . 
   unity and cooperation is what will progress our society . 
  yeah , just look at the prosperous udssr and yugoslavia , sorry history disagrees with you and your views and do n't forget , those who do n't learn from history are bound to repeat it . 
   nationalism is not what keeps nations alive . 
  it is the past . 
  the usa , which are apparently a role model for a `` united states of europe '' , would highly disagree . 
  this is btw why a use will never work , we do n't have that feeling of `` togetherness '' , we still have different languages and different cultures . 
  multinational `` experiments '' like the udssr or yugoslavia have and will always fail in the long run , so will the eu if it keeps its current course , history is repeating itself . 
  ha , you 're wrong . 
  found the afd voter .
