  its kinda weird for me to see a american going on about free speech . 
  i mean , with all thats happening during the trump campaign , and i 'm not talking about his supporters , i 'm talking about the people that are terrified by chalk , people that condone violence against others that wear trump hats/support him , people that are trying to stop his ralleys by blocking high ways , people that are trying to literally shout them down . 
  where is your free speech ? 
   i 'm gon na go out on a limb and say 30 year old me is going to be much better at raising a kid than young me who has no degree and is n't mature enough to handle a kid . 
  my childhood kinda gave me the contrary experience , my mom was 32 when she had me , which was considerd kinda old back then , she also finished up her doctorate and studied something else aswell , and she had alot of problems keeping up with me . 
  especially stamina wise , i tired her out all the time and technologically wise , mind you shes a smart woman who finished 2 degrees , she did n't have the insight that younger parents had , like child prooving the internet or giving my mmo accounts time limits . 
  there are always 2 sides to everything and i myself do n't want to wait till my 30 's , even tho time is running out x ) . 
  in this case it would be plural in german , because the singular version makes less sense and would be gramatically bad . 
  yes , you need a certain amount of employees to keep the european company running , plain logic . 
  eh , you need a certain popuplation to keep the pensions going and if you 're under that number you 're probably going to fall under the amount thats needed to `` keep the country running '' in 2 generations aswell . 
  so either import people or give up on life . 
   20 % of all women do n't have children at all . 
  and the average children per woman is 1,2 or smthin , this is why the refugee crisis is welcomed by the european council . 
  we 're a infertile continent . 
  i [ lol 'd ] ( http://2static.fjcdn.com/pictures/willy+the+muslim_c13f29_5794341.jpg ) . 
  does that matter tho ? 
  in 3-5 decades arabic will be belgiums official language . 
  and i 'm not saying that i 'm opposed to that , it 's belgiums choice not mine . 
  this is how pretty much any phobia works nowadays . 
  most minoritys went from underprivileged to overprivileged in a heartbeat . 
   our politicians have learned to completely ignore satire and political comedy show me one satire piece about a german politician that has even half of those insults . 
  how are you not okay with this ? 
  so you 'd be okay if someone went on public tv and told your nation that obama sucks dicks , rapes little children , has sex with goats and beats michelle on a daily basis ? 
  honestly , if this does n't get enforced your country , from an outsiders view , would look pretty fucking hypocritical , because no one would have the balls to do a similar poem about merkel , especially in public tv . 
  thats completely wrong , they had summoned the ambassador because of a shitty song . 
  which made the comedian angry , so he behaved like a little spoiled brat and deliberately broke the law with his shitty poem . 
  he was well aware of the consequences , he 's just hoping that his fans and his pseudo celeb status keep him out of jail . 
  so that guys ego is pretty much on par with erdos . 
  sad . 
  technically it 's neither because the german stgb has its on paragraph for insults of foreign state organs . 
  nobody cares about him , it does n't matter who that comedian insulted , even if he insulted the german president he would face the same charges . 
  you ca n't slander people on public tv . 
  well , by law , you ca n't slander them anywhere , but the tv part makes it even worse . 
  / r/the _ donald is leaking , send help . 
  facism is n't rightwing exclusive anymore , the definition has been broadened . 
  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/facist  2 . 
  oppressive , dictatorial control . 
  which fits the antifa movement perfectly , they are oppressive against every view that contradicts theirs and try to control others with violence . 
  also 1 . b would fit to the antifa movement . 
  but i see that this time you 've used the term irony correctly , kudos to you . 
  that is complete horseshit and you know it , if it is n't my child it has no rights to take my money , to get raised by me , to recieve my paternal love . 
  life is n't a socialist one way street of taking . 
   it is kinda ironic how offended you get thats not irony , you should look up the definition and i 'm not offended , trust me my most police encounters were n't very nice . 
   how quick you were to generalize antifa protesters because my generalisation is acurate , they are the most violent protesters and this is where the irony kicks in , because the antifa is one of the most facist organisations . 
  is that a joke ? 
  or sarcasm ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  why not ? 
  i mean , if europeans are producing even less children than now we might have the capacity to take every refugee . 
  \\ #stop fucking for syria, 
  thats why he 's birdbrain1233 . 
  because they 're actually pretty awesome . 
  even the windows tablets are extermly good now . 
  i 'm not kidding , a $ 100 x86 windows 10 tablet replaced my $ 400 galaxy tab3 . 
  the current generation of microsoft mobile devices adapted pretty well to the market and brought alot of improvements , ofc the x86 intel processors play a huge role in this . 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  that the police officers are born right wing ? 
  or that the immigrants make them rightwing ? 
  if so then this actually a symptom of the left again , since we have a left immigration policy . 
  i think the police in almost every european country is more right leaning than the average citizen , maybe because they 're closer to crime source . 
  our police is more right leaning aswell and i can see why , it ca n't be fun to get beaten up by violent anti-fa protesters everytime a rightwing populist is allowed to say something in public . 
  boy are you wrong . 
  https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/nachrichten/pressemitteilungen/2015/05/pmk-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile  4 . 
  politisch motivierte gewalttaten ( insbesondere k\u00f6rperverletzungen und t\u00f6tungsdelikte )  pmk-rechts : 1.029  pmk-links : 1.664 of course the right is leading when you take all the crimes together , because rightwing crimes are like 60 % propaganda , but in violent crimes and killings the leftwing is leading [ for the last decade or so ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/0ecc3b9d8e14d9395c2a34c7402c8360.png ) . 
   activists on all sides of the political spectrum have come to resent the police but leftwing activists are overrepresented in the violent crime department , i was looking trough the numbers a while ago and it was pretty shocking . 
  this is fukin hilarious . 
  the problem is that putin himself did n't do anything , yet he gets 10 times the media coverage that the pm of island or the president of the ukraine get . 
  so it is objectivly an attack on his person . 
  you can actually feel the sadness of the journalists because they wanted putins name on the list . 
  now , let me ask you this question : which list members deserves more media coverage , the childhood friends of the russian president or the father of the uk pm ? 
  uhm , our police is running arround the trainstations with augs since the refugee crisis started , ask them how comfortable it is for them . 
  i 'm totally gon na shoot someone with a glock when i could use [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steyr_aug ) . 
  russia is hell and putin the devil , do n't tell me otherwise !, 
  you 're triggering me and threatning my safespace !, 
  you 're just very naive m8, 
  show me the law . 
  i do n't , i know enough people in big ochrestras who make ridicilous money . 
  not really , the nsdap in germany at its high points in the 30 's had like 40 % of all voters and we know how that shit turned out . 
  40 % is a fucking lot . 
  i 'm kinda dissapointed , i thought putin himself hid some money , turns out only a couple of his friends did ... , you ca n't really pin anything onto him that a friend of the family and some childhood friends did . 
   the worst pole is probably better off than the best syrian refugee . 
  how ? 
  thats complete horsecrap , even the poorest german has it worse than the best syrian refugee . 
  uh , no `` antifa '' exists in : netherlands , germany , denmark , sweden , czech republich , sovakia , serbia italy and spain . 
  we in austria do n't have a real antifa either , which is good since the german antifa is full of facist maniacs who want to assault everybody who has a different world view . 
  they 're pretty radical and i guess they 're the main reason that leftwing violent crimes/muder/manslaughter have been common in germany than rightwing violent crimes , right wing crimes are mainly propaganda . 
   only 40 % thats a very very big `` only '' . 
  yeah , yeah , corporate bankruptcy , lugner himself did n't go bankcrupt either . 
   i would n't underestimate the deep sated hate from voters towards green ha !, 
  thats why he 's a `` independent candidate '' and not a offical green candidate . 
  they 're only sponsoring him and giving him money , and making ads for him and he was only their leader , but hey , he 's not a green candidate . 
  on paper he 's independent . 
  i kid you not , this has been trough all the news papers , pretty much mocking his and the parties statement . 
  freaking hypocrites , they make it soooo god damn easy to hate them . 
  honestly , if i were pr\u00f6ll i would n't have done it either . 
  the \u00d6vp has such a low approval rate throughout the country ( except for upper and lower austria ) that him getting elected would be highly unlikely . 
  i mean , the lower austria gig will probably be a lifetime gig for him , why risk going into a political race for a party thats crumbling anyways ? 
  that the sp\u00d6 did n't nominate vranitzky is a shame , nobody likes hundsdorfer and the fp\u00d6 ca n't nominate anyone who 'd look even slightly competent enough to get elected . 
  those independent candidates are a joke aswell , griss has views that make her pretty much unvotable for everyone under 40 , lugner is a clown , but still better than griss/hundsdorfer and that says alot about those two . 
  well , its a free election for van der bellen , what a democracy .
