  i saw the `` anne will '' talkshow the the chick from the left , the greens and the austrian minister of foreign affairs . 
  you ca n't freaking talk to those people , they were so agenda driven that they would n't listen to any reason or reasonable points and tried to turn the whole thing into a shouting duel . 
  kinda made me see our politicians in a different light and i 'm thankful that we do n't have as many clown partys as you have in germany . 
   because i feel that the germans have had all the masculinity beat out of them no , its because the german voter feels like there is n't a sane alternative to the cdu/csu . 
  afd are `` too far right '' for most folks , the greens are doing crystal meth and/or child porn , the `` left '' are a bunch of pseudo communistic idiots and the spd is basically the cdu/csu with even more open border politics . 
  the german political landscape is a joke , just not a funny one . 
  no chance in hell , mark my words , cdu/csu will stay the strongest party . 
  for one sole reason , the spd has even worse policies regarding refugees and most germans view the afd as a far-right nazi party , even tho compared to other european partys ( fn , fp\u00d6 , . . ) its more of a middle-right party . 
  and the other partys ? 
  well , the greens are either doing crystal meth or watching child porn and the `` left '' is basically pseudo communistic bullshit . 
   without all the playing the victim card in the same time why ? 
  he is the fucking victim . 
  like seriously , the german interior minister is jizzing all overhimself because they get less refugees right now , but at the same time merkel is shitting on everybody who closed the balkan route . 
  most of his points are right . 
  that thing is ugly af . 
   but it fits into the anti-muslim rhetoric . 
  because its also anti jewish , anti american , anti , ... saying that 's anti-muslim is ignorant as fuck dude . 
  like seriously , educate urself . 
  its common practice in ` murica , they 're all curcumcised . 
  but that does n't have an religious background , some nut doctor in the 50 's though it would stop them from masturbating so it became common practice . 
  nowadays they try to defend it with `` hygiene '' like all you mofos have no fkin shower , lmfao , just admit that you fucked up , big time . 
  well , time to send someone to germany ... 
  wow , if you think that then , sorry but you do n't know jackshit about the austrian political landscape . 
  like you are a american , can you explain one thing to me . 
  why does trump sound like a democrat ? 
  if you leave out the wall the rest of his program is n't republican atall . 
   afd is not far-right basically as far-right as the austrian fp\u00d6 and they 're getting called out as nazis all the time . 
  i mean , there is n't much too it , but people do like the word nazi nowadays . 
  of course they are . 
  so are we , if alot of right extremist crimes were commited then our society would be flawed and would need to reflect upon itself and take action . 
  same goes for the muslim community , except that they refuse to take action or sometimes even condone extremist attacks . 
  individualism is nice and cute , but at the end of the day a large part of yourself is formed by society and your surroundings , this is why it actually is a essential part of the story . 
   tbh its creepy , 24 year olds should not be preying on 15 year olds . 
  i do n't think its that . 
  when i was ~ 22 a young girl hit on me at the trainstation , she was like 15 or something , she almost followed me till home . 
  now that was fucking creepy , i was like , the fk do u want from me . 
   is the muslim part essential for the story ? 
  pretty much yeah , else its another `` hey , we 're nazis '' story . 
  the muslim part changes it into a `` hey , we 're inviting extremists that commit crimes in our name '' story . 
   the austrians we had something like hat 80 yrs ago , we 're kinda sceptic . 
   uk acts like a spoilt brat . 
  not really , the uk acts like a national state . 
  which soon many other eu members will as well , sadly the right is on the rise and they wo n't accept a unified europe . 
  but if you really want to see it i could pm it to you . 
   edit : do you have a source on the man who took a selfie by the way ? 
  from that paticular one , no , but i have another one which idk if i can post because that would technically be gore , there is also a head which shows signs of tortue , that guy made it to finnland . 
  implying that only uneducated 3rd world people make less than our minimumwage . 
  which is complete bullshit . 
   a legal curfew where any man on the streets after dark is fined on the first two infringements , jailed for the third . 
  thats fucking retarded . 
   who exactly we 're saving these people from ? 
  from themselves ? 
  many people are n't proper screened and were perpetrators in their country . 
  there is this nice case of that one guy who mad a selfie in syria with a head of an infidel ( the rest of the body was `` missing '' ) just to make another selfie a month later at the austrian trainsstation in front of the train to germany . 
   i would n't mind reducing my salary temporary to keep my job and i think a lot of people , particular those with families , feels like that . 
  you do n't get it , to be competetive you would have to lower your salary so much that you would n't be able to live on it in a western country . 
  you would have to go below minimum wage . 
   and solve this without germany . 
  its not like you 're working on a solution you 're just blocking everything . 
   according to polls ~ 80 % disagree with her on the refugees . 
  she wo n't see it that way and most polls are bs anyways . 
  i do n't see alot of resistance among the germany regarding her actions . 
  another poll suggets that 70 % of the european people agree with her stance regarding refugees . 
   honestly why should we care where these people want to go ? 
  what the fuck . 
  thats litterally the excuse for not building a fence and not securing the sea `` we cant stop them , they will come anyways '' , now you 're trying to tell me that you can force them to stay in a country without using force ? 
  i think most germans are delusional . 
  but most people outside and even some inside of germany forget that fact . 
  this is the will of the german people , they are voting for her which is a signal for her that her policies are right and that she should stay on her course . 
   but i thought the term was used only in germany uh ? 
  lol . 
   chancellor ( latin : cancellarius ) is a title of various official positions in the governments of many nations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chancellor btw , just cuz of ur flair :  the highest-ranking official in the government of imperial china , the z\u01ceixi\u00e0ng ( chinese : \u5bb0\u76f8 ) , or ch\u00e9ngxi\u00e0ng ( \u4e1e\u76f8 ) , is usually translated as `` chancellor '' ( though it can also be translated `` chief councillor '' or `` prime minister '' ) . 
  uhm , because the majority of german voters is still backing her ? 
  i do n't want to burst your bubble but the cdu/csu is still leading every poll by a large margin . 
  they could easily take a 5-7 % hit and still be the strongest party . 
  mainly because the votes would n't got the the 2nd strongest party ( spd ) because their policies for the crisis would be even worse . 
  well , germans with the ddr and certain camps 70 yrs ago have alot of experience in keeping people somewhere against their will , so i guess they have a plan . 
  i like the flawed logic tho . 
  we ca n't keep them out of europe but we totally can keep them in a european country of our chosing . 
   you guys also joined the party quite willingly later on , by the way . 
  i mean , watcha gon na do as small country when there 's suddently a german army demanding you to join their cause ? 
  `` yeee we join ya , totally !, 
  cool idea ! '', 
   hitler pointed out to schuschnigg that austria was isolated diplomatically and could not halt a nazi invasion . 
  `` do n't think for one moment that anybody on earth is going to thwart my decisions . 
  italy ? 
  i see eye to eye with mussolini ... england ? 
  england will not move one finger for austria ... and france ? '', 
   hitler said france had the power to stop him during the rhineland occupation but did nothing and that `` now it is too late for france . '', 
   i should 've said `` cultural influence '' instead of tourism . 
  barcelona is advertised as a nice place to spend a summer holiday , but that 's about it - there 's hardly any non-spanish tv shows set in spain , or talking about what a great country spain is , and it does n't appear in the news very much . 
  you really need to watch some tv . 
  like even the fucking german casting shows are partly filmed in spain now . 
  and spain and no culture ? 
  cmon man , did you sleep during history classes or . . ? 
   edit and the rainy day fund which is the last leg of holding up the reserves is almost empty . 
  you ca n't say that since you actually do not know what kind of funds russia has . 
  most finance institutions admit as much . 
  everything they `` dug up '' about his ancestry is pretty pointless .
