  if you drink or smoke duing most esports you 're pretty much guaranteed to lose . 
  you need to stay focused all the time . 
  if you look one minute away they enemy will crush you . 
  i 'm not gon na imply anything negative , even if they 're the most positive and most integrated immigrants ever , they will move as soon as then can . 
  i would too . 
  how so ? 
  compared to other european countries ( france , hungary , poland , czech , ... ) our politicians , even our right wing fp\u00d6 , are pretty liberal . 
  our righties are like the most left righties ever lmao . 
  yeah uhm , we like , uhm , you know personal safety and stuff . 
  they 're vacent for a reason , i find it fascinating that people like you believe that the refugees will live there , they will move asap , like everybody else , move to the bigger cities where the chances for employment and education are alot higher . 
   it 's a reality that in 20 years me and my fellow tax-payers will have to deal with a massive pension-burden . 
  well , that only means that the system has to change , i mean the solution ca n't be growing the population till there 's no space left on the planet , can it ? 
   we 're already way over capacity in many communities . 
  i thought germanys population is on a steady decline and you need everyone you can get . 
  got ta love the media . 
  uhm no , neger was the same as african american is right now for you , it 's was just a description of someone 's herritage , no `` haha '' involved . 
  it was neutral . 
  sadly the american nigger term got mixed into our culture . 
  god you must 've slept trough history classes . 
  damn son , ur racist . 
   der standard is centre-left at best , not left wing at all . 
  it 's pretty much a paper run by `` die gr\u00fcnen '' , ironically the comment section is leaning right tho . 
   a woman started screaming at me in german saying `` wir sind in osterreich , deutsch sprechen , deutsch sprechen ... '' what the fuck , i 've never seen or heard anything like that before and i live in vienna , i rarely hear german in public transport vehicles , normaly its some mix of slavic languages and turkish . 
   `` neger '' in german is 100 % discriminatory and is very much an offensive term . 
   it 's actually not , we do n't have the same history as americans , it 's seen as offensive and discriminatory because it sounds like niger , not because it actually is . 
  it is n't the same tho . 
  man , they wanted to rename our austrian `` mohr im hemd '' too ;(, 
  they 're both called judasim , but one is a religion and the other one is an ethnicity . 
  there is a very clear line , if you ca n't see it you should get glasses . 
  nah i just checked , it was dawkins . 
   racial violence . 
  i think either christopher hitchens or richard dawkins said something like : if you can convert to it and if you can apostatise out of it , it 's not a race . 
  and i think thats true , since i 've never seen an afroamerican converting to an asian or an caucasian converting to an afroamerican . 
  not everyday , but especially a child needs it from time to time . 
  balancing a veggie diet for a child is n't easy . 
   squeezing in a vegetarian option seriously ? 
  in schools ( we 're talkin about the age of 6 and upwards ) ? 
  i 'd like the children to be healthy . 
  yeah , its a economical win for both , basically what the uk wants , trade agreements but not the shabby central goverment or our cheap currency . 
  so , brussels ? 
   as a fan of uk i wan na see n3 but as a fan of eu i prefer n1 to n2 uhm , as an uk fan you should want n3 and as an eu fan n1 or n2 . 
   okay so this is big because before now we had no idea what cameron wants from eu but now we safely can say that he will not negotiate anything . 
  we can safely say that he wants something to show for the referendum 2017 some kinda candy for the voters that shows them `` hey , the eu is listening to us , maybe they 're not that bad '' . 
  it 's actually something thats not legally binding but shows good will to the people of the uk , which in turn would grant alot of stay in votes . 
   somehow they have convinced themselves that they are still a superpower in the world . 
  yeah , might have something todo with their military superiority and their currency which is alot stabler then ours . 
  but eh , who cares about economy and shit , we got friendship here on the mainland !, 
   that 's crazy to think your society is like that . 
  nah its not , its pretty much the same in all western countries , atleast in austria and germany . 
  i 'm honestly not shocked about the stuff i read about sweden , we got the same shit going on here , leftwing propaganda is strong and seems unbeatable . 
  i thought he preffered head ? 
  it depends on the willingness to integrate . 
  if you get those strict mulsim immigrants who 'll tell a woman straight up that they wo n't do buisness with her , that they 're already offended because she looked them in the eyes and that their company should send a man then , wtf are you supposed todo ? 
  how are you going to integrate them ? 
  in that case the womans solution was to work the desk and let a man handle the contact with immigrants , but wtf , this ca n't be considered a solution , can it ? 
   illegals have an easier chance of government aid . 
  how does that work ? 
  how the fk do you get goverment aid if you 're illegal ? 
   immigrants go to local schools in europe as well , where 's the difference ? 
   uhm , there difference is that those kids are tought their own language at home , many kids who go to school are n't fluent in their new countries language . 
   federalized europe or gtfo . 
  holy crap . 
  you make germany and france sould like the siths , with merkel being the sith lord and hollande the apprentice . 
  darth merkel . 
  throw baguettes at cameron till he leaves . 
  u on drugs or smthin ? 
  by now the brits are being the smart ones in europe , not going for the euro , not joining schengen . 
  fuck them for being smarter then us . 
  if anything would get irrelevant and decline , it would be the union . 
  schengen weakenes the inside borders , only border countries have to check their borders . 
  which means if you enter a schengen country once , ur golden . 
  if we assume that first refugees were entering trough hungary and traveling through austria trying to get into germany , got there and told their relatives about it ... well w/o schengen there would 've been border checks and they would 've been able to tell the frist refugees at the austrian border go back and register in hungary . 
  we would n't have those ridicilous refugee demands to travel straight to germany . 
  schengen is just another thing were the uk was smart enough to not give in into the eu doctrine . 
  fuck the uk for being smarter then us . 
   or are syrians , eritrians , afghanis , and iraqis just super immigrants that take 10x as much effort and yet have half the wall-jumping skills of mexican immigrants ? 
  yeah , they actually count less since they 're basically your neighbours and lets not forget that u 're an immigrant too , just like them . 
  by the way , they 're already there , we have immigrants too who live here for decades , so no they do n't count . 
  the uscis last released numbers for march ( arround 15k people i think ) thats almost the same as germany took in over the course of 2 weeks . 
  if i were the `` united states citizenship and immigration services '' i 'd stop releasing those numbers too because they 're ridiculously small . 
  taking syrians , afghanis , ... what not means taking people who have a completely different lifestyle . 
  some women tries to find you a cheap flat to rent ? 
  tell her the gtfo and send a man , she has no right to do business with you or to look you in the eyes . 
  this is an actually clash of cultures . 
   a wall 's a shitty idea over here , a wall was a super shitty idea in berlin , and a wall is a shitty idea now . 
  you were n't arguing about the idea , you said it would simply not work , which for germany it actually would since they 're pretty good at keeping walls and keeping people inside/outside of walls . 
   i have n't heard anything about millions then ur probably deaf . 
   but in germany and austria most of the refugees come from syria . 
  no they really do n't . 
  check the bmi website , 28 % come from syria . 
  idk about ur goverment , but the austrian goverment is releasing numbers on a monthly basis on their website . 
   more countries in the world other than syria have deplorable human rights conditions . 
  yeah , the uk for example . 
  28 % of our current refugees are actually considered syrian ( counting those who 're just buying syrian passports at the borders as syrian aswell ) . 
  yeah , the sub is under the impression that the most refugees are economic imigrants because , guess what , they are . 
  how can i say a number like 28 % ? 
  the austrian goverment ( bundesministerium f\u00fcr inneres short bmi ) is actually releasing these numbers on a monthly basis . 
   walls are n't going to do it , and guns are n't going to do it ; dude , you 're talking about germany those people divided their own country with a wall for decades . 
  trust me , if they wanted to they could keep everybody out . 
   `` okay .
