  that made me actually giggle , because it 's not that unlikely that some muricans see it as vegetable x ), 
   if you 're going to continue believing that this crisis was solely a german responsibility , fine . 
  i 'm honestly tired of arguing that point every time . 
  nobody said that , the point is that the germans made the crisis worse than it had to be and expects the rest of europe to help , thats our fucking beef with your dumbass politicians . 
   we saved greece and built up ee because we must help . 
  are your talking about the financial crisis ? 
  then it 's fucking bullshit , that was mainly a guilt trip of your politicians , because back when greece joined the eu the cdu knew greeces numbers where fake , helmut kohl knew every fucking thing about it , but his goal was a united europe , so it did n't matter to that dumb prick . 
  and it 's not like germany was n't profiting of that in anyway . 
  `` hurhur we did that cuz we so gud humans '' , my ass , you did that to keep your exports and your low cost slave labour running . 
  if you 're not talking about the financial crisis then i have to remember you of lampedusa , back then merkels mantra was `` they can handle it !, 
  '' , which is kinda ironic , because they could n't . 
  i know , i know , germans do n't like to be called out on their bullshit , sorry . 
  now go on and sell some more weapons to the middle east , so they can keep bombing themselves and generate more refugees for us !, 
  because germany is so fucking humane . 
  hes what we europeans see as the american stereotype . 
  ignorant , completely incapable of self reflection and has a big mouth . 
  their butt ? 
  is that the solution to the equation ? 
   except , the amount of immigrants dropped , rather than increased after the invitation . 
   yes , and it started to rain candies and santa claus came every sunday instead of christmas !, 
   she did not . 
  `` wir schaffen das '' ( we can handle this ) instead of closing and securing the outer borders is basically a invitation . 
   we just continue to take an unspecified number while everyone else does nothing ? 
  no one forced you to , you ( your politicians ) are doing this , you ca n't force us to do the same `` just because you said so '' . 
  it 's the old , `` would you jump off a cliff if your buddy does it ? '', 
  question that you ask children to make them realize that they 're independent people and not bound to imitate the behaviour of others . 
   i can guarantee you that they wo n't take them back . 
  so , why did they take them back in 2012 ? 
  i 've seen various documentaries ( there are a couple of nice arte documentaries ) on the subject , in one the greece coast guard intercepted a boat full of afghans and simply alerted the turkish coastguard , who took them back . 
  so why does n't that work anymore ? 
  hillary clinton . 
  sane side of the atlantic , haha . 
  if been to paris in summer twice , i tried to get into the louvre . . fuck that man people were standing in line for hours , i just left . 
  they 're really trying hard to make him look like a nazi . 
  there is a lot of crap in the article and some details are missing , but yeah if you write a piece like that then , sieg heil bois . 
  okay , lets phrase it that way : you 're reasoning is definitely based on a obvious lack of knowledge . 
  i mean you did n't like the sugar coated version so , yes i accuse you of neither reading his full statements nor listening to his speeches . 
   after all , if these migrants were only looking for safety they would stay in turkey or greece . 
  they come to europe because they want a much better standard of living . 
  damn , you make them sound like home invaders trying to take your shit ... 
   their reasoning makes no sense and if they ca n't at least deliver it in a way that sounds halfway rational then they have no political future . 
  something tells me that you did n't listen to him . 
  it kinda feels like you 're just judging somebody without listening to his points , what does that make you ? 
  like he orders every other police office to hang a portrait of stalin , sorry but i do think that is something that 's either a relic of another administration , which would explain the inconsistency , or they hang it up voluntarily . 
  i would cover her back anytime, 
  that 's what people said about prince harry, 
   with a country in `` a state of emergency '' so , france ? 
  probably just a normal hostage situation , nothing to worry about . 
  so , the normal iranian-german right wing muslim . 
  okay . 
  yeah , he was targeting turks , but not because he was right wing , they were mobbing him for his religion back in school , he was i think shiite and they were sunni . 
  actually , he had stuff of every killingspree of the past decade , he was n't right . 
  who was the last one ? 
  mayor said that like 50 minutes ago , post was made an hour ago , `` a while '' . 
   the ride of gas explosions in large kitchens it 's not a gas explosion , the major already confirmed that ... 
   it was just ` normal ' crime implying that people running on the streets with machetes is `` normal '' and happened `` many times '' before . 
  whaaaaaaaaaat first you try to discredit his statement and now you 're agreeing ? 
  cmon ... 
   if it was for comedy then damn that was in poor taste dude . 
   people these days , no sense for dark humor . . sad . . 
   and austrians are so superior and not ideologically blinded . 
  you got that right , with emphasis on the superior part . 
   you do n't get to distract from your camp by pointing at others you cute gullible joke of a hofer voter . 
  i actually voted khol at the first ballot and did n't vote at the second because both are a joke , btw the hofer camp is actually the pro germany faction , you know those people who kinda adore the germans . 
  i do n't understand them tho , germans are a joke to me . 
  how am i not relaxed ? 
  i 'm making fun of the nazi smiley , learn to take a joke ? 
  my first comment was sarcasm and i kept the comedy going , like . . how can i be more relaxed ? 
  do i need to post from a jacuzzi ? 
   turns out i 've been basically sieg heil-ing like every girl i 've chat up since my early teens . 
  same . 
  btw , :-d is literally hitler . 
   i like that you added the afd-smiley at the end of your post . 
  haha how is that the fucking afd smiley ? 
  that smiley existed before those fucks even knew about the internet . 
  wow brainwashed ( maybe even braindead ) much ? 
  btw , no one outside of germany knows or understands your `` secret afd '' code . 
  gestapo shit was never big here , sorry . 
   is now the fucking afd smiley holy shit , its a symbol for afd people . 
  i ca n't take this bullshit anymore lmfao . . sorry is lmfao now the new neo nazi acronym ??? 
  oh god help , so many secret made up code words and signs !, 
  edit : a questions to you tho : please tell me which neo-nazi organisations are using : `` rofl , lol , omg , lmfao ,  ,  :d , 8 - ) , 8d , . . ) i need a list !, 
  you know for politicalshitrektness . 
  mothers committing suicide with their children is also pretty common . 
   that sounds as crazy or even more than this . 
  no it does n't , people jump of bridges all the time . 
   but i know that happens . 
  not out in the fucking streets , like in israel or something . 
   murder is n't normal and it ca n't be toleranted !, 
  it 's actually human nature and happening since the first humans were on earth , but whatever . 
  mainly because there are n't that many westerners left , europe , australia and america are the only continents with a white majority , demographic projections show that this slight majority will soon be gone everywhere except australia . 
  there is a nice quote from christian morgenstern . 
  translates to  for , he reasons pointedly / that which must not , can not be . 
  it can not be , therefore it 's not happening , there are no attacks . 
  just single people going a little nuts . 
   it can be a murder like we , unfortunately , see in every country . 
  yeah , just yesterday i saw someone running with a machete in the streets , no one gave a fuck , i mean that 's totally normal , right ? 
  war psychosis , just hug them and let them chop some people into half , they will heal eventually , if they get that crap out of their system , 
   his would be local news if the guy was german and no one would care . 
  i highly fucking doubt that someone running around in public with a machete and even chasing a police car with it would stay in local news , that 's a special kind of cray cray .
