   the first goal for france was a clear foul . 
  the goalkeepers arm was impacted by the french player , that 's the reason why he could n't hold the ball in the first place . 
  equalized by the clear penalty that was n't given . 
  really ? 
  i can name most , if not all , of them , but i have no clue who 's representing my country in the eu . 
   not to say that 's necessarily the eu 's fault . 
  it 's not . 
  it is , i do n't know mine either . 
   in case of brexit never gon na happen anyways . 
  `` we 're scared of extreme right wingers !!! '', 
  meanwhile refugees tried to burn 3 shelters and burned 1 successfully down . 
  german extreme right wingers need to step up their game , freaking amateurs . 
  no , i like jews , it 's just you whos racist . 
  i 'm pretty sure they vote remain , i 'm not even surprised , but the polls are so fucked up lmao . 
  you can bet on basically any election , its not only the brits . 
  racist retard, 
  same goes for israelis and palestinians , all the same . 
  am i invading your safespace ? 
  exactly , borders do n't work , they 're just concepts , you ca n't stop people from entering your country . 
  good old vladimir ` uvladbro ? ', 
  putin . 
  difference is , i do n't care if you say `` arbeit macht frei '' , we 're not on the german guilt train . 
  but the germans did it , so respect their feelz, 
  it is . 
   how do you ensure that these people will not stay ? 
  i think the current span for a war refugee is 10-15 yrs , seems pretty unlikely to deport someone after 15 yrs . 
  thats kind of a dumb reasoning tho . 
   the eu is a good idea yeah , but the main idea was an economic alliance , now its slowly turning into a central government , that tells the member states what and what not to do and many people dislike that , especially since you ca n't vote for parties or personalities . 
  go back to morocco , bitch . 
  i kinda hope this is true , sorry . 
  that stereotype is actually stronger outside of reddit . 
  i do n't find him funny at all . 
  hands down , best comment in this thread . 
  so , brexit , huh ? 
  sounds catchy , auxit does n't sound that bad either ... 
  if your holybook can be interpreted as a gruesome war novel and guide to warfare ( including a manual on which bodyparts to cut off ) then it might not be that `` holy '' . 
  christians realized that ages ago , thats why they rewrote it . 
   but turn hostile when it is pointed out thats my favorite part . 
   the eu ca n't act sufficient  and does n't allow the member states to act sufficient on their own . 
  this is a 2way street . 
   member countries complain that the eu ca n't act sufficient and blocks them form acting sufficient . 
   eu is useless !, 
  we should grant it even less means to act sufficient well , if they do n't have the power to block anymore , guess what shit gets done . 
  i really do n't give a shit what a failed politician like juncker has to say about our countries politics and policies . 
  i do n't find `` the heute show '' funny atall . 
  you have so many brilliant comedians , like serdar somuncu , kaya yanar mario barth , michael mittermeier and so on , but oliver welke is just ... so try hard . 
  rubbish , next u 'll probably tell me that different people have different taste in comedy , stop with this nonsense . 
  so this is why so many refugees are going to sweden . . now everything clears up, 
   i had a woman tell me that germans all want to have their weddings at `` hitler 's castle . '', 
  and this is why most europeans think americans are retarded . 
  thats a legit stereotype around here . 
  `` may be banned '', 
  censored femnazi version as retail and normal version as $ 20 dlc . 
  i 'm always amazed how little the average european knows about the countries that surround him . 
   claim bernie or other democrats are right wing on the european spectrum . 
  who says that ?? 
  haha thats fucking ridicilous , if anything trump is more centered than our right wing parties . 
   uk , austria or poland check fn in france or afd in germany . 
  thats right . 
  the pope , but not the church , i said that in another comment , pope francis drives europeans more away from the church than to it . 
  you 've never been to poland or hungary , huh ? 
  `` not even '' ? 
  idk , francis would be a reason for me to not go to church anymore . 
   such a courageous and far-sighted young man !, 
  have u read the papers ? 
  now he 's the `` borderline '' nazi scum . 
  what exactly makes this , like `` l\u00fcbecker nachrichten segeberg '' titled it , a nazi demo ? 
  kinda weird , so david alaba was born in a kidsfashionstore ? 
  really ? 
  i think she would be like bush , just with more warmongering . 
  and saying that she will consult her husband regarding economic decisions , basically implying that he will make them , because `` he did it well back then '' is borderline retarded . 
  bill was lucky , he was president during the . com bubble , not even a blind monkey could 've fucked that one up . 
   trump i feel like hillary would be even worse . 
  i 'm always very cautious about those polls , because sometimes , that might sound retarded from me , it seems like the unwanted party mysteriously polls 3-5 % ahead , just so you can mobilize your people . 
  [ the fucking irony ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocides_in_history#genocide_of_natives ) . 
  the us has probably the most rotten morals of any western country . 
  edit : [ oh god , it gets even better . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4-2nubbom4 ), 
  kinda weird seeing pro and anti erdogan papers in unison bashing on merkel and germany . 
  how is it not a superstate ? 
  here in austria we have government officials that are even saying `` yes , the plan is a united staates of europe , just like the us . 
   actual racism has even lost much of its meaning wow now thats something only a actual racist would say !, 
  you racist !, 
   to which you no doubt do not support any western military involvement i do , just not the halfassed shit we 've been doing before . 
  you know the irak and lybia shit , aka `` oh we kinda wan na liberate you , but actually we only want your oil , so go screw urselfs , we 're not gon na help you establish a government , we 'll only kill your leader and watch the chaos unravel . '', 
  i wonder why the fuck that did n't workout . 
  can confirm , i was wanted , but someone had second toughts 2 yrs later and left x ), 
   `` i wo n't sacrifice my hobbies , my free time for a baby '' yup , mostly because children have become a huge burden . 
  it was n't enough that they 're actually kinda difficult to raise anyways , nah society had to come in and put more and more obligations onto parents . 
  meanwhile , we started blocking it x ) , but who cares , i just use the kanye bay instead . 
  now thats just naive . 
   they had to claim something when applying for asylum . 
   burn papers , claim you 're from syria - syrian government would n't take them tho , because there is no real evidence and you ca n't force them and you ca n't just set them out in the wilderness cuz , muh human rights . 
   i think the will is bound to go up the more trouble deported people cause yet , you 're still overestimating the ability . 
   you can send them back home any time . 
  if they tell you where they came from . 
  besides , we had a case of someone who was denied asylum ~ 4 yrs ago and a month ago he made the papers because he killed a woman on her way to work . 
  i think you 're overestimating the ability/will to deport people . 
  good old times . 
  we do n't have free wifi either .
