  dude , like , isis blows up ~ 40 people and the far right reaction is a `` smoke bonfire '' . . 
  i mean . . wtf , seriously thats supposed to be the `` far right '' ? 
  40 years ago we would 've called them hippies . 
  you think ? 
  i think we will be shifting blame inside of the eu onto different countries , because they let people in without screening them properly . 
  because who would think that ? 
  most people are pissed about germany and their quotas , forcing more refugees onto them , the union does n't get closer together . 
  they 're drifting more and more apart and there is already a huge gap between the germans and the eastern european states . 
   ruining the eu and fucking over the future of millions of people while causing more and more problems down the line all thanks to selfishness and entitlement is `` common sense '' thats germany in a nutshell, 
  / r/the _ donald has the power . 
  look at the / r/all controverse section , its basically / r/the _ donald already . 
  i 'm genuinely interested how belgium will affect the next poll . 
   politically correct ah yes , political correctness , the cancer thats eating up modern society . 
  i knew that shit like that would come up now . 
  this attack pretty much confirmed the eastern europe stance on immigration . 
  there is 0 chance now that the eu can redistribute asylum seekers across the countries , this idea is dead . 
  it 's finders keepers now . 
  nah , you 've been living under a rock for 20 years . 
  dw , we have people who 're actually suggesting that . 
  you 're the inbred , thats the point . 
   well the journalists writing the articles usually assume that people read the whole thing no they fkin do n't they 're supposed to give neutral headlines which contain most of the facts . 
  this is just biased bullshit , but since you 're biased yourself its okay for you , you do n't want neutral news and you do n't want worldviews that differ from yours . 
  i guess thats some udssr relic thats still left in the german society . 
  this is basically whats wrong with our current western media , too much bias , they want to influence your thoughs instead of delivering news . 
  because they say he wants to `` leave '' , but all he said was that he other staates need to chip in more money because the us pays too much in comparison . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xsn6n0bm80 it was in this interview from yesterday , right before his speach infront of the aipac . 
  we 're on the internet , he forgot the / s. 
  but yeah , that was pretty fkin obvious . 
   tell the germans to stick to the liberal values and stop flirting with islamists tough talk coming from a swede . 
   and poverty not like poverty does n't exist in europe too , so no , i 'm actually against taking refugees because they 're poor and want a better live here . 
  wars and people that are in mortal danger , yes take them , but poverty ? 
  seriously ? 
  the good old ira times . 
  wow . 
  i mean , he is applying your logic . 
  http://www.comparativebiblestudylessons.com/lessons/3k-jesus-subordinate-god.html this shit is getting confusing , so jesus is the son of god , but not god the son from the holy trinity , yeah what ever . 
  yeah , but thats not `` god '' , hes still below him , so even if you put people on par with jesus , they 're still under god . 
  i mean , like i said , i 'm not great on religion , i mostly slept trough it in school . 
   several experts quoted in the media suggested the sites were subjected to distributed denial-of-services ( ddos ) attacks , in which hackers hijack multiple computers to send a flood of data to the target , crippling its computer system . 
  simple ddos attack . 
  `` help , we got hacked , omg ! '', 
   but was n't jesus all about `` treat everybody as if you treated me '' and since he is god hes supposed to be the son of god and a human , how the fk is he god ? 
  sorry , i 'm not great on religion myself . 
  how so ? 
  lol, 
  i mean , hes not wrong . 
  human rights are only applied to people who 're in the spotlight . 
  nobody fucking cares about ur country and ur shit with russia anymore , because the arabs took ur spotlight . 
  `` my right is your right '' , thats not how the fucking world works tho . 
  there are n't endless ressources for everyone , if you want equallity for everyone then sell your god damn cellphones , computers and live in a hut . 
  because the world most certainly ca n't afford to higher everyones standard to yours , so u got ta lower yours . 
  they 're like those people who say that laws are for everyone and everyone is the eyes of the law . 
  people are different infront of the law , citizens , adults , young people ( mostly reduced sentences , juvi system ) , old people ( 80 + reduced sentences ) and non citizens . 
  there are literally not the same rights and laws for asylum seekers and citzens . 
   you know you lost an argument when ? 
  i never argued about anything . 
  ur account is literally a throw away to post under stuff that triggers you . 
  thats cute . 
  still triggered , now trying to play down your reaction , made my day . 
  i overexaggerated on purpose , because the american stuff does n't have shit to do with ours , but glad to know that i triggered someone . 
  yeah , but mainly police officers shooting black kids , so its cool . 
  pretty fucked up and they have the guts to leave it in the video aswell . 
   people flee when they have the means . 
  so its better , because only the poor swedes had to stay and honestly , fuck the poor . 
  it 's literally the same title , letter for letter , lol . 
   why are there less cases in denmark , the netherlands , austria etc sweden took the most refugees per citizens , austria took the second most . 
  and trust me , we have rape cases , they 're just not on this sub because we do n't have alot of austrian posters here . 
   but turkey is n't fucking russia . 
  russian is n't as bad as turkey , wtf . 
  thats a very naive way to think about it , especially when any kurd living in turkey can get that visa and request political asylum , which would be granted considering the history of the kurds and the turks . 
   if all they wanted was more immigrants they could just grant more visas . 
  dw man , thats coming too , do n't forget merkels deal with erdogan . 
  european visas for everyone !, 
  pointless bullshit . 
  which is completely contradictionary to your post and the intent of your post . 
  yes , you can say something , but its clearly not that way , i 'm sorry . 
  because you 're a narrowminded bigot and germany is n't a communist country thats why . 
  are you seriously questioning the will of the people and their right of expression ? 
  like who the fuck are those policies and laws for if not for the voters ? 
   just let me repeat that i respect people 's free choice to vote for the afd and get them elected . 
  i am not arguing against that . 
  yeah , no you do n't . 
  you can tell that to yourself , but you really dont . 
  do n't . 
  that ends always bad for austria and germany . 
  no , he said that he would end the irak war , promises get you a nobel peace prize . 
  mainly because that prize is a joke . 
   um say nothing at all like russia russia practicing live and let live , . . what a time to be alive . 
  so they do n't out the door , sit down and listen to their god damn music . 
   sure , if the voters are stupid . 
  you can call it that . 
  how many people do you think read the program of every party that is electable ? 
  hell , have you read every programs ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the numbers are arround ~ 10 % . 
  ah , its tinfoil hat time again . 
   the only time you 'll hear english is at the checkout . 
  i think its like that in every big european city . 
  i for one do n't hear any german in the subway , in the streets , basically no where , except places where they want your money . 
  oh no , they have a alot of points that are just plain ridicilous , but those are the most flashy points that stick in the voters mind , they overshadow everything else . 
  i mean after all they 're just the `` left '' with child porn and meth .
