   it 'd be pretty hilarious if he did n't make it to the second turn of these primaries . 
  your wish has been granted . 
  many people fault him for joining the meaningless iraq war . 
   is there some bizarre form of war against masculinity in belgium ? 
  uh , yeah ? 
  basically in every western country , do you have a problem with that ? 
  i do n't , mainly because i do n't care enough . 
  yup . 
  nono , it goes against something he disagrees with , so it 's totally fine and not a really dumb , stupid and offensive remark . 
  hint : it actually is . 
   you 're voting for everything he stands for . 
  complete fucking bullshit , the world is n't black and white , there is a lot of grey in it . 
  you ca n't agree with every stance of a guy , it 's just not possible , you can pick the most agreeable candidate tho . 
  i have n't encountered a lot of really racist and stupid people , but i 've encountered plenty of average people that have been insulted by the `` liberal left '' for disagreeing . 
  racist has basically lost it 's meaning by now , since the word is being used for everyone they disagree with . 
  where does this double standard come from , why can we insult a couple of millions because 10 idiots are actually racist , but if anybody says something about muslims , which have a bit more extremists , people go bonkers . 
  i mean , at the end , i really do n't care since liberals are killing themselves and it 's not my problem , but i do like to reflect about the stupidity that will lead to their certain demise . 
   well , calling someone stupid is n't going to work main reason being that if you have to insult somebody you do n't have a logical argument left . 
  it 's the liberal solution for everything . 
  people are voting trump ? 
  call them racists , deplorables , etc. 
  people are voting brexit ? 
  insult their intelligence . 
  people are doing something that you do n't like or do n't want them to do ? 
  google some insults . 
  i get why you 're in the muslim corner , because for you minorities have to stick together , a nice concept , but in this case a one way street . 
  also , `` yes they want all of that , but they 're not in power '' is kind of an odd argument . 
   this is more of an american thing among non-white minorities such as aframs and hispanics . 
  nah , happening here aswell and not only among non-white minorities . 
   even if you believe that to be true it is , your analogies are shit , you took a gender , races and nationalities and tried to make an analogy to a group of believers/a cult . 
  the nazi analogy is objectively better fitting than anything you brought up . 
  hell , even an analogy based on the manson family would be more accurate than anything you came up with . 
   germany ** at least somewhat ** likes being germany . 
  that 's too much national pride for you !, 
  god damn nazis !, 
  stop it !, 
  we demand you start hating yourselves again !, 
   i would personally love a scandinavian or nordic federation . 
  it 's kinda hilarious to me that we 're in a `` european union '' and inside of this union ( okay , norway is not inside , but denmark , sweden , . . ) countries feel like they need different unions to strengthen their position ( visegrad 4 ) . 
  is n't this going against the whole union concept ? 
  wo n't this just reinforce all the bickering and ... ah what do i care, 
   especially relevant countries someone call switzerland , norway and soon the uk and tell them that they 're irrelevant . 
   neoliberal pseudo-aristocracy wow , that actually describes our current leaders pretty well . 
  as a european you 're being raised with the idea that americans ( us ) are gun waving idiots ( thanks hollywood and texas ) , but then , canada comes along and makes them look like geniuses . 
  amazing . 
  stop mansplaining me . 
  was n't there a study that there is a pretty huge paygap between the age of 20 and 29 ? 
  like woman in that age group are making 20 % more money than men . 
  whats up with that ? 
   you ca n't be a racist if you 're black . 
  you can , against asians and muslims ( haha , u can be racist towards a religion ) , but you ca n't be racist towards white people . 
  make reddit predictions great again !, 
   reddit hasnt been doing so great with predictions . 
  idk , / r/the _ donald has a pretty good track record . 
  calling this comedy is an insult to every comedian ever . 
   there 's a republican-led attack on net neutrality . 
  as opposed to the other attacks on net neutrality ? 
  haha , hilarious at the site of a muslim terror attack they 're playing this crap . 
   checks you on entry for outside booze and yet 3 guys manage to get in with aks you actually have a point here ... aks are n't even as small as beer bottles , yet they 're finding those . . 
  with 120k facebook likes and tons of twitter followers i doubt that the g\u00e9n\u00e9ration identitaire has only 20 members , but you 're the french guy . 
  so , why are you leaving out the stats for the last decade ? 
  2016 was the year where every basement dweller came out to so something about `` dem bad refugees '' . 
  worse part is that he left ( haha ) out a huge piece of information . 
  he showed the stats for 2016 , the first year the right is leading those stats for over a decade . 
  i mean , the left was always leading by a huge margin , but 2016 they finally dropped down by over 30 % . 
  2015 and 2016 , probably 2017 are actually outliers , before the left was leading . 
  yes i have too much time , yes , i read the yearly reports from the german federal ministry of the interior ... 
  they were founded in france , so it 's kinda natural that they 're quite big there . 
  did you read the article ? 
  they interviewed italians who praised the `` hipster right '' and it 's pretty safe to assume that there also [ italians ] ( https://generazione-identitaria.com/ ) on this `` hipster right '' boat . 
  and for the french . . i mean the generation identity movement started in france ... uhm ... 
  we we 're 0,5 % away from a nationalist president , poland , hungary , ... etc already have nationalist governments polls suggest that our next chancellor will be the guy who advocated for closing all the refuge routes , by actually quite the margin . 
  if you 're looking away it might look like they 're not rising up anywhere in european elections . 
   there are no laws that force you to put rescue boats in international waters no . 
  like the most funny thing is that they 're waiting right outside of the libyan territorial waters and are pissed as fuck if the libyans dare to cross i international waters and rescue a ship themselves . 
   then the `` rescue ships '' are doing what our governments should be doing - protecting human rights . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's their human right to get picked up 1km from the libyan coast and shipped all the way to italy . 
   its an organization that is anti nazis anti fascism . 
   i think my favorite is austrian federal council . 
  it 's rad , however it also makes me think somebody had a huge ego and thought they were the roman empire . 
  i wonder why ... 
  in the bible yea , but if christians followed jesus like muslims follow muhammad ... we 'd all be long haired , anti capitalist hippies who forgive your every shit you do and meet with their 12 friends every weekend . 
  christians would n't even give a crap about the 10 commandments cuz . . well moses made them up , fuck him , right ? 
  he 's not the son of god !, 
   he made impossible promises he had no plans to keep . 
  which is pretty smart if you do n't care about being reelected, 
  are you seriously comparing 2 completely different unions ? 
  i 'd totally invade poland for my german bros. 
   errrrm corrupt politicians ? 
  i mean , that 's a given in every country around the globe . 
   just barely got our second metro line done we have a line that has been planned ... for almost a decade ... still did n't start with the work but at least its planned !, 
   and vietnamese markets in turn we have alot of chinese `` massage salons '' , those massages are with happy ending ofc . 
  edit : and do n't get me started on the middle eastern food markets , where they drag the meat on open shopping carts through the heat ... that shit must be sanitary . 
  i mean , we can add ridiculously high rents and a metro line with drug dealers on every station to that list , what do you have to offer ? 
  hey that sounds like vienna , not poland, 
  naw , we 're not turing , we 're just recognizing the part where the alt-right stuff is almost spot on :\\ ^ ), 
   ca n't we just try to get over this without so much interference from trump and putin ? 
  well if someone does n't wan na play ball and be nice you 're just moving on to the next person ... doland !, 
  why is that surprising for you ?
