  did n't germany enforce a `` survival of the fittest '' policy regarding refugees ? 
  did n't your politics contribute to thousands of people drowning in the aegean see ? 
  i 'm quite sure that a lot of people would be still alive today if you had closed the route asap . 
  not to mention that your `` refugees '' are the people that had the money to pay the human trafficers and the fitness to make it trough the trip . 
  i mean merkel was the one who said the glorious sentence regarding lampedusa `` italien ist zwar gefordert , aber nicht \u00fcberfordert '' . 
  this does n't look like she has a real goal . 
  humane politics would 've sealed the border and made it possible to request asylum from outside of the eu instead of forcing people to pay criminals , hike trough mountains and sail over the see in little boats . 
  humane politics would 've made it possible for airlines to take refugees and bring them to europe , but we outlawed that . 
  did you know that a airline that brings in a refugee has to pay the cost for deportation and has to pay the authorities for finding that guy if he goes missing . 
  honestly , there was n't anything humane about merkels politics , do n't spread lies . 
  why is merkel against the closing of the balkan route and why would she want to open it again ? 
  whats her goal ? 
  hey dawg , you see that flag next to my name ? 
  it indicates that english is n't my native tongue , so i might miss use some words or spell them wrong . 
  i am terribly sorry !, 
   as he actually does make the step to sue him does it matter tho ? 
  in our country he would n't need to sue , anybody could do that for him . 
  thats regulated in our law . 
   as we suddenly realised that we have a similar article in our law . 
  i do n't see any problems with those kind of laws since they 're just there to safe people from malicious and untrue insults , like goat fucker ( which btw is borderline racist ) , mass murderer , terrorist , mysogynic woman beater , stinking limp dick and all the other funny stuff b\u00f6hmermann called him on television . 
  i mean if we say this kinda stuff is okay , where do we draw the line ? 
  is mobbing okay too ? 
  can i go to my co-worker now and call him a fat disgusting whore mongering animal on a daily basis because , muh freedom of speech ? 
  that is basically mobbing . 
  yeah , i decide to not participate in this stupidity . 
  i thought b\u00f6hmermann made it clear that erdogan is into goats and not girls . 
   depends on the legal situation in the comedians country . 
  reading is hard . 
  his ego is pretty much on par with erdogans . 
  he knew the law , he broke it deliberately and hoped he 'd be able to get away with it because he 's a c-celebrity and everyone hates erdogan and i think his plan is working . 
  because people do n't realize that this is a german law he broke , this has nothing to do with erdogan , if he insulted any other head of state he would still face criminal charges . 
   but you ca n't prosecute all comedians everywhere . 
  depends on the legal situation in the comedians country . 
  you can in austria . 
  erdogan would n't even need to sue himself , anyone could do it for him since its an `` offizialdelikt '' . 
  no fucking shit , you realize that it is against german law to insult foreign heads of states ? 
  that includes every president on this planet . 
  this is n't happening `` because he 's erdogan '' its happening because b\u00f6hmermann broke german law . 
  he even announced that his action would break the law , he just hoped that his c-celebrity status would safe him . 
  but thats completely besides the point ? 
  the b\u00f6hmermann matter is n't about religion , its also not about erdogan . 
  it 's about the german law . 
  it does n't matter that he insulted erdogan , if he insulted any other president on this planet that hard and in a personal way he could still end up in jail . 
  do you think this whole matter would be different if he insulted barack obama ? 
   hans teeuwen is disgusted with the fact that germany allowed jan b\u00f6hmermann to be prosecuted for insulting erdogan in his poem/song . 
   yes , it 's fucking disgusting that merkel said a court has to decide if he broke the law or not . 
  she should 've gone full edogan on this and decided herself . 
  because thats what happened ? 
  you had college students arguing in `` ethics '' classes about why they deserved what happened to them and a lot of other bullshit . . 
  no , i 'm saying that the public opinion changed very quickly , i myself do n't think they 've asked for it . 
  i 've never implied that . 
  i 've actually , to my shame , stopped reading the spiegel and started reading the faz a bit more . 
  because , weirdly enough the faz starts to make sense . 
  probably , i mean half a year after the attack on charlie hebdo the je suis charlie crowd turned into the `` eh , they asked for it '' crowd . 
  nah , those people tend to inform themselves by reading newspapers and you see the kind of bias content that newspapers like the huffpost print . 
  even german newspapers printed a lot of bullshit , only the s\u00fcddeutsche was being kind of neutral and fair . 
  stuff like this happens when you let biased journalist think for you instead of thinking yourself . 
  you realize that you 're chances to get into the good universities like yale are basically doubling if you 're a minority ? 
  universities have quotas for minorities and woman . 
  there are also alot of scholarships only available for minorities . 
   it 's normal they feel the newer , cooler immigrants have an unfair advantage checkout the other comments to my post , i do n't think its envy , i think it 's fear . 
  you have a point , i actually read a piece in an austrian newspaper a while ago about an immigrant that was happy when he left , because he wanted to build a life in europe with european values . 
  now he 's debating about moving away from suburb some suburb in france because it became the place he left . 
  weirdly enough in many countries the foreigners are more opposed to mass immigration than the natives . 
  joke 's on you , male white uk boys are [ less educated ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/men/the-filter/11965045/white-working-class-boys-are-the-worst-performing-ethnic-group-at-school.html ) than their colored counterparts . 
  as someone with a jewish grandmother that had to flee from austria in the 30 's i have to ask you this : are you retarded ? 
  i do n't know man , pm me when you find out , i could really use some cash for my rent right now , i 'm ready to trade in some white male privilege points . 
  [ call.brussels ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjatrjfgmf8 ), 
   but we 're `` white '' , and ( different kinds of ) christian . 
  alot of it is [ work ethic ] ( http://i100.independent.co.uk/image/10619-ofpevy.jpg ) and culture , not your skin color . 
   would much rather have the greeks than them . 
  was n't there some kind of statistic that the greeks worke the most hours for the least money in europe ? 
  gim me some of those greek workers . 
   the economy sucks . 
  its very difficult to be a parent if both partners have to work in shitty jobs with no job security . 
  very very easy to blame feminism . 
  but is n't that the same for every european country ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-europeans-in-london-launch-hug-a-brit-campaign-to-love-bomb-uk-into-voting-remain-a6975801.html she has crazy eyes . 
  i fkin love the comments on this page . 
   if they 're proposing to hug the least tactile people on the planet then they clearly do n't understand anything about us . 
  even more reason to vote leave . 
  so if i worked in germany could theoretically mob everyone in my office and call it satire ? 
  damn , i need to move . 
  i remember david cameron and a pig head ... 
  well , chances are that you ca n't say it about your president either because most countries have those laws . 
   i do n't think the justice system would react any differently . 
  actually , you ca n't say half the stuff that he said about your own president . 
   did n't he call erdogan goat-fucker , kurd-genocider ? 
  even worse stuff , you 're just citing 2 things , the list goes on . 
   because erdogan can already get away with everything he called him a woman beating massmurdering terroristic goat fucker on national television . 
  sends kind of a weird message if he gets away with that . 
   europe should follow in the food steeps of american and guarantee complete and total freedom of speech in our `` constitution '' . 
  american freedom of speech is a fkin joke , lol . 
  everyone can shut u up and suppress you except the goverment , thats their `` freedom '' . 
   postcards they 're literally all oversaturated postcard pictures . 
  but effectively everybody else can without repercussions . 
  hell even the media can . 
  so there is basically no free speech in the us ? 
  that explains it . 
   what free speech ?
