  all our politicians are losers . 
  sadly , since there is basically no competition , it is a free win for `` alexander van der bellen '' . 
  i ca n't believe the sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp sent a bunch of clowns to the election , fells almost like they 've been paid off , fk my country . 
   everyone mocked her for that but you seriously can see russia from alaska . 
  because most people , when they think about russias location , think of a [ world map ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/world-political-map-2000px.jpg ) , but they 're forgetting that the world is a globe . 
  it 's actually quiet sad that those people made fun of her and did n't realize their own stupidity . 
  hell , idk , you ca n't take that guy serious , hes a clown . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_lugner made money by building stuff , went bankrupt , got back on his feet i guess mainly trough is reality tv series , ... 
   unless you 're going to build a wall and make russia pay for it ? 
   again . 
  this is pure gold . 
  we have our own trump in austria , and what a coincidence , hes running for president . 
  i 've never seen her this happy , got ta be photoshopped . 
  i know that you 're jokin , but . . it does n't feel like a joke . 
  this is probably the best 1 april sub joke ever . 
  do you vape ? 
  firstly , you tried to insult the german people , so why the hell should i be polite to you ? 
  germans saying they are better than others ? 
  thats coming from a frenchie ? 
  you guys have mastered this , you 're pathetic . 
   but go ahead and insult the `` frenchies '' , idiot . 
  that has become a habit of mine . 
  i can even explain it , when you , like me , are into video games like counter strike or lol you encounter french people all the time and everything they say is mostly degrading or insulting ( once i found out what tg stand for i started to assume that there are no decent people in france ) , many of them even refuse to communicate in english and keep writing their french stuff assuming that i just `` have to know '' french . 
  and your `` idiot '' just proved my point again , most `` frenchies '' are impolite , did i throw a personal insult at you ? 
  no , but thanks for proving my point . 
   i ca n't help but sense an air of superiority in this video weird coming from a frenchie , in my experience frenchies are n't accepting other cultures over theirs and try to get their shit trough everything . 
  germans on the other hand , i mean , . . many of them actually hate their herritage and country . 
  i think some `` die gr\u00fcnen '' politician said once that its good that the german birthrates are going down , because that means that the nazis are breeding less . 
  nah its that disgusting vegetarian stuff that makes you mellow and not mad !, 
  you 're drugged son !, 
  wake up already !, 
  germans and reasonable , ahahaha , thats true german comedy . 
  the germany political landscape is pretty left leaning , so yeah a center party would 've been the most to the right party . 
  i mean look at their landscape , gr\u00fcnen , die linke , spd , . . they 're all left . 
  besides , the npd was the most right party , if you could call that now disbanded clownclub a party . 
  i have n't voted for a right wing party in my entire life , only center ( \u00d6vp in austria ) , i must be a closet right winger then , or you 're just wearing your tinfoil hat a bit too tight . 
  it 's a fact that germany has no center party , aside of the csu which exists only in bavaria . 
   nigeria for example could decide to strip gays of their citizenship and put them on an airplane to europe . 
  yeah , but the rest of the world could shit on nigeria . 
  on france ? 
  not so much . 
  you sound slightly delusional . 
  in austria we can avoid those fees by making our tvs unable to recieve dvb-t . just solder out ur antenna port , easy . 
  i 'm mostly watching tv series trough the internet/netflix/amazon , so i dont give a fk about national tv . 
  wtf is this supposed to say ? 
  2010 seriously ? 
  this is outdated as fk . 
  well , he kinda had a point [ tho ] ( http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/garland-texas-suspects-killed-guard-shot-draw-muhammad-contest ) . 
   you 'd think that when he says that america is unsafe , he 'd refer to the massive problem caused by widespread ownership of firearms that allows dangerous people to cause mass shootings every week complete fucking horse crap , if anything they 're safer because of that . 
  btw , we have mass shootings aswell , german school shootings , breivik , ... they 're not non existant only because u chose to ignore them . 
   well to be fair both `` illegal '' immigrants and blacks make up the majority of violent crime offenders here in the states . 
  well no shit , muslims make 70 % of our prison inmates . 
   i like the tune to gott erhalte franz den kaiser . 
  yeah , just their lyrics are kinda akward . 
   deutschlandlied which is a ripoff , it was actually the austrian `` kaiserlied '' , god save emperor francis . 
  the germans just took our music and gave it some ugly lyrics which were actually a poem . 
  understandable . 
   [ two gunmen were killed and a security guard wounded sunday outside a `` draw muhammad '' contest organized by a free speech group at a school arena in garland , texas , police said . 
  ] ( http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/garland-texas-suspects-killed-guard-shot-draw-muhammad-contest ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curtis_culwell_center_attack, 
  we 're already at it . 
  because christians in europe are normally conservative ? 
  is this question 4 real ? 
  lol, 
   the second and third generations assimilate pretty well and mix with the rest of the society with no problem . 
  but those are the people blowing themselfes up , literally the second and third generation . 
  i think its mainly because they feel lost , their parents are n't accepting the european culture/social construct so they do n't aswell , which in turn segregates them from society and makes them easy targets for radicalisation . 
  so the problem lies within the first generation of immigrants that refuses to assimilate . 
   many come to europe and expect that their rules be respected . 
  i mean , i get that , they try to keep their identity and shit , but what i do n't get are people who 're actually arguing that we should respect their rules and that we should assimilate . 
  the current form of `` integration '' is a 2 way street , instead of them just integrating we 're expected to respect their rules aswell , which is complete bullshit . 
  i mean , they 're coming to us , not the other way arround . 
   but easter egg makers have stopped calling them easter eggs so they do n't offend people . 
  what ? 
  you 're shitting me , right ? 
   self segregation does n't exist . 
  says who ? 
  you ? 
  lol . 
   very small adverse effects yes , economically , but they leave out the effects immigration might have on other parts of our society , one effect being the creation of parallel societies . 
  you ca n't say for sure if immigration , and especially the current mass immigration , has a negative or a postive effect in the long term , so why take the unnecessary risk ? 
  because `` you feel like it '' ? 
   immigration promotes growth and job creation in theory . 
   and boom you 're massively down voted because that theory did n't proof to be right yet and studies surfaced which showed that immigration might cost us alot more than we gain , in the long term . 
  yes it does , lol . 
  like whats not to understand ? 
  you resent the values of the country you live in so its pretty fucking easy to be radicalised by something that includes your `` core '' values . 
  but its so nice to start wars in the name of freedom !, 
  lets bomb those mofos some freedom into their country !, 
   left leaning your username tells another story . 
  but who am i to judge . 
  btw , someone here told me once that this sub is basically stormfront , i 'm not kidding , lefties are crazy . 
  it actually is , they have n't assimilated into our society and culture , mainly because many of their parents resent our society , culture and values so they search for something else . 
   i also think they radicalized here yeah , by whom ? 
  exactly , by extremist immigrants who paint a bright picture about their `` home country '' and quran . 
  its not like you 're just living in europe and all of the sudden you 're thinking to yourself , hey , i should bomb my neighbour . 
  many of them are children of immigrants who have no real `` roots '' here and nothing here to give them hold . 
  i mean , it does n't matter how you try to describe it , the real problem is immigration of incompatible cultures . 
  why not . 
  the point is : crime pays . 
   you 're saying that we should do what the far right wants , because otherwise they 'll blow stuff up ?
