  former remainers changing to brexiters or the other way arround ? 
  probably because he realized that people with the same believes that he had acted in a way that he ca n't stand for anymore ? 
  wow , someone changed his believes , big fucking deal , but here we are at / r/europe downvoting the shit out of him , because he does n't go with the flow anymore . 
  suggesting that all polish plumbers ( or repairmen in general ) work in the uk therefore they ca n't unclog anything since poland has no plumbers . 
   what would ireland 's goals be anyway ? 
  keep corporate tax as low as possible and suck the corporations from every country into ireland . 
  good old bloodsucking , basically the concept that saved ireland 's ass once already . 
  so you 're contradicting yourself ? 
  because either it has nothing to do with gender and like you stated first it 's sexism , or woman are being treated differently on the streets so they have a different perception of safety , which in this debate , since the article is about the female perception , renders your opinion , i assume you 're a man , irrelevant . 
   rural life yes , the 2 . 
  district in vienna is very very rural . 
   'cause there is no way that 's true . 
  but then again , this is the internet so you surely must be telling the truth ... you would n't lie , would you ?!, 
  d : yea yea , arguments or anecdotes that you do n't like must be fake or made up , keep telling that to yourself , what ever . 
   the parties you 're referring to are also most likely those which advocate the continued decline of the middle class , tbh , all of our parties do that . 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  russia is to blame for everything . 
  putin himself caused global warming to drive up russian oil prices , it 's all a scam and he 's the mastermind . 
   ` ant\u00e4nzer ' and such are nothing new . 
  they actually are ... 
  so are you denying that middle eastern immigrants tend to treat men and women differently , especially on the streets ? 
  tbf , the woman around me ( mom , gf , gf 's from friends and friends ) are telling me that they feel unsafer in public spaces than they used to , i personally do n't . 
  that page is totally credible and unbiased . 
  sorry , i trust [ statistics ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/1878/umfrage/politisch-motivierte-gewalttaten-nach-bundeslaendern/ ) and the [ police ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/nachrichten/pressemitteilungen/2015/05/pmk-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) , [ \\ [ 2 \\ ] ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/582eb1d15990ceb90402661d00de984f.png ) , not a left wing site , you know unbiased numbers that do n't try to push an agenda like you . 
  spoiler : left wing is overrepresented at assaults , right wing at propaganda . 
   still salty about h\u00f6fer ? 
   hofer , and i did n't vote for him , the the_hofer shit was done by americans ( mainly the_donald users ) , not us you genius . 
  same with the_frauke , the_wilders and what not , all done by american the_donald users , unlike this abomination . 
   on such a sensitive term , she turns 180 \u00b0 now imagine her turning 180 \u00b0 on the refugee matter ... oh she actually did . 
  i like how everyone forgot her words from 2013 and only remembers what happened 2015 . 
  nice downvotes , lets not forget what happened with lampedusa and how merkel handled the beginning of the crisis . 
  `` italy can do this alone , no problemo , stop annoying us . '', 
  lame attempt to reproduce the / r/the _ donald phenomenon . 
   i think she 's still in charge because she has no one standing against her representing a better choice . 
  we have a winner here . 
  it 's not like the german people want to elect merkel , its that everyone else is a fucking moron . 
  you 're a moron . 
   have you ? 
  grandparents had to flee from austria , does that count ? 
  like , you 're trying to tell a german ( you know the country that was decades divided by a unpassable wall , families split up , etc ) that there was no decision and that we had to let them in ? 
  duuuuude , either you 're fucking dumb or trolling . 
   most males wo n't reproduce ever talked to german or other western european college girls ? 
  it 's pretty hip to have a refugee as bf . 
   you waited for your husband to make the perilous journey honestly , it 's not that the journey is harder than being at home in a warzone that 's being bombarded , raided , looted , ... nah , they 're woman , they 're not allowed leave the house for that long . 
  how 's that stupid ? 
  are you trying to tell me that a warzone is actually safer than the trip ? 
  because then you 're slightly retarded . 
  universal basic income would be a huge step towards such a situation . 
  i know , many people do n't want to hear about it , but there are actually a lot of benefits to that approach . 
   a lot of my friends i know who are quite left-wing and socialist . 
  i literally know card carrying members of our sp\u00d6 ( left ) who 're outspoken against that kind of immigration . 
  this is n't a `` left is for , right is against '' issue , its becoming a `` we 're actually all against this '' issue . 
   nobody i know wants the eu to become a federal union . 
  our president does ... actually a lot of people do . 
  so good that i 'm trying to learn russian . 
  because we 've decided that it 's enough that they 're born here . 
  we 're the ones importing them , we 're the ones issuing them german/french/british / whatever passports . 
  so we found that they were integrated enough to be one of us , this makes them our problem . 
  i say we , i mean , i 'm not for it , but the majority is and i have to accept that , but that also means that the people have to accept the consequences . 
  like , how do you pick up womaif chicks are forced to stay at home ? 
  are they gay or smthn ? 
  i mean , they 're french now . 
   he 's a smug asshole and his party stands for absolutely nothing . 
   that 's when i realised he could be popular enough in france to become president . 
  i see what you did there , well played . 
  aaaaand that lost him the election , well done . 
  french fries and waffles . 
  that 's what i know about belgium . 
   out of fear of scaring off tourists or appearing prejudiced or something or because they do n't want to admit to themselves that there are actually bad neighbourhoods in their city . 
  life is way happier and easier if you ignore that fact and just subconsciously avoid those neighbourhoods . 
  have you never been to paris at nye ? 
  they do this every year . 
  i 'll admit , i was kinda scared as a 5 yr old when they did that outside of the hotel windows . . 
  tell that to your average mcdonalds employee , to the average waiter , to your garbage man , ... no , it fucking does n't , work is a tool that helps you to live your life , that 's it . 
  you give your life purpose , if you 're too lazy , too unimaginative or just too dull you try to find `` purpose '' in your work , granted there are a few jobs that fit you description , that give you a sense of purpose , but the average job does n't . 
  especially when a machine could do your job better than you . 
   work to live , do n't live for work . 
  as it should be , i do n't get that backwards view that `` work gives your life purpose '' . 
  good . 
   irrelevant at this moment . 
   especially since those are basically the same numbers that were polled before the referendum . 
  literally nothing changed , apparently that 's `` regexit '' . . lmfao , eu liberals are sinking down to us niveau . 
  cmon , do n't trample onto the remainers dreams . 
  feels  reals, 
  one of the dumbest arguments ever . 
   left-wing radical never said that , but you ca n't deny that he had a slightly left leaning agenda . 
  you realize that kohl was the guy who knew about the fake greek numbers and chose to ignore them for `` european unity '' , right ? 
  we sent a mentally ill dude , who was n't good enough to become a painter , to germany , nobody thought that he would come back with a fucking army . 
   seems like you guys ca n't take a joke without that / s. 
  i was fucking joking , wth dude , like i 'm for a `` camp romania '' . 
  the irony of ur comment ...  hitler was austrian after all . 
  annnd you had to go there , did n't you ? 
  the low blow , meh , dw , soon we 'll go all nazi on ur ass . 
   around 2,500 people have pledged to join her for the entire journey . 
  lol . 
  this time i actually laughed out loud , i 'm not just writing it , it actually happened . 
   it is estimated the walk will take three and a half months again . 
   https://twitter.com/aleppomarch/status/813678554525343744 this shit is actually happening , i 'm getting popcorn now . 
  2,5 k people who can walk for 3.5 months , either they 're all unemployed or ...  `` people like me think that if five or ten thousand people are marching and getting everyone 's attention , then it 's impossible that they would bomb you , '' she said . 
  why ?
