  i mean merkel is doing that all the time and it works out pretty well for her . 
   attempt to deal with it you ca n't be fucking serious . 
  bullshit , if germany was to leave france would run the whole thing , you ca n't seriously believe that something like the eu would work in a democratic way . 
   france and the uk has nukes you know ? 
  damn dude , ur doing it too !, 
  belittling the `` lying press '' leave those poor journalists alone !, 
  edit : just to clarifiy : / s, 
   there are jokes that austria is being part of balkan already sadly , those jokes are true , vienna basically belongs to serbia . 
  ngo 's heavily tied to `` die gr\u00fcnen '' and the sp\u00d6 , it was basically a campaign rally . 
  [ and then there is that . . ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000027597543/faymann-fuer-umsiedelung-von-50-000-fluechtlingen-aus-der-tuerkei ), 
   that 's individuals . 
  really ? 
  i mean the thousands of people who went protesting in vienna , day in and out . 
  the ridicilous light concert on the heldenplatz \u201e voices for refugees `` where the `` die totenhosen '' frontman campino basically called everyone who wanted to control the refugee influx a nazi . 
  yeah , we fucking invited them , our population has spoken and if you were opposed but you did n't say anything then keep ur god damn mouth shut and take those refugees . 
  it 's too late . 
  the irony is so fucking hilarious . 
  you 're trying to paint the people who 're actually agreeing with an argument that was made in this article as kids while you 're behaving like a 10 year old . 
   if he keeps this shit up the fp\u00d6 will have overtaken the government parties combined by summer 2016 . who cares . 
  the fp\u00d6 is only talking , they wo n't do anything to stop the refugee influx once they 're in power . 
  sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp are only scared because they know that once the fp\u00d6 is in power the people will realize that none of those parties have an actual plan and that monkeys could rule our country the way they do . 
  austria is fucked , we do n't have a single intelligent political party . 
   since we are a bit to the west of austria . 
  so u 're from liechtenstein , switzerland or germany ? 
  i mean your flag states czech republic , but the czech republic is north east from us so ... ? 
   we did not invite them we actually did . 
   yeah !, 
  just like india , and china too !, 
  standard chinese , also known as modern standard mandarin and putonghua , sometimes simply referred to as `` mandarin '' , is a standard language ** that is the sole official language of both china and taiwan ** yupp . 
  i never said that we 'd need to stop speaking all the other languages , but we would need a standard language which would be taught in every school and would be used at every offical court/office / . . and you might say `` yes , english '' , noooo , noooooo - not english , the god damn french would murder you . 
   but will move to the point where we will have an european identity ( ~ 30 years from now ) bullshit . 
  to have a common identity we would need to have a common language and a central goverment like the u.s.a. . as long as we 're not having that a man from ireland will never have the same european identity as a man from greece . 
  thats never going to happen , till this day most of the french despise the brits and are suspicious of the germans . 
   but i still strongly believe that eu as a concept will survive . 
  the union ? 
  idk about that , history thought us that stuff like that holds either for a couple of decades or it ends like america as a whole country . 
  most people do n't want the latter . 
  pretty much this . 
   waiting for people to return voluntarily wo n't be enough . 
   but thats actually the only option . 
  our politicians wo n't do anything and apparently a huge number of citizens approves this . 
  i myself am leaning back and waiting for the anti crow and the pro crowd to kill eachother . 
  you ca n't reason with any of those parties , the leftys will call you nazi and the rightys will call you stalin . 
  #civilwar 2020, 
  and the kangaroos . 
  idk , the whole bashing onto hungary and allowing everyone to pass trough europe without any registration or controls kinda speaks for itself . 
   the far right has killed far more than the far right other than 2014 tho 2013 they 're even . 
  2012 the left is ahead again . 
  2011 & 2010 they 're also ahead . 
  i could go on , but this bores me since you 're talking out of ur ass without any evidence . 
   but the right in germany has been the cause of many more political motivated killings than the left so it seems they are more fucked up . 
  yeah , u did n't read the statistics , huh ? 
  i mean , i do n't know the statistics for 2015 , but from 2000 till 2014 the far left was pretty much ruling those stats !, 
  what a track record baby . 
  edit : http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/nachrichten/pressemitteilungen/2015/05/pmk-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile the far right has more crimes in general ( thanks to their propaganda crimes which make up the most ) , but the far left is leading in violent crimes and killings . 
  ( 1.029 violent crimes right vs 1.664 left ) . 
  2014 the left killed 1 , tried to kill 7 . 
  far right killed 0 , tried to kill 1 . 
  the far left is leading since they 're relasing those statistics ( 2001 ) and they 're going stong !, 
  antifa baby !, 
   is it true ? 
  no , if you study the statistics from `` bmi.bund.de '' u 'll find that the german left wing always led the charge in violent crimes . 
  wow , thats a kick into the nuts for every german teen who did an apprenticeship . 
  how to fuck over the next generation of ur own people , lol . 
  nah , look at the european countries , we are n't all doctors and engineers either . 
  pretty much the same in our country , with the addition that the 2nd generation immigrants are heavily opposed to immigrants lmfao . 
  i remember our upperaustria election where `` wels '' ( the city with the highest immigrant % in upper austria ) became the highest victory for the rightwing . 
   under the laws , it is a crime to fight for militants on either side of the conflict . 
  evil germany and australia . 
  how do you integrate people who do n't want to be integrated ? 
  we 'll never get rid of that , it already made it into the history books . 
  all i know is that we 've sent some weird who failed arts class to germany and he came back with an army . 
  i mean , if someone holds you a gun into ur face and tells you to be supportive then you 're as motherfucking supportive as it gets :d, 
  hey i mean , they 're the followers not my fault that they blindly trust their leaders : o, 
  i 've seen the movie jerry maguire , does that count ? 
  yeah u guys have a big history with goverment trust , i think all that started somewhere in the 30s and 40s . 
  i think i do n't know a single nfl player . 
   hiv/aids is more likely viewed as a problem for gays and drug addicts still i actually do n't think about gays or drug addicts when i hear about hiv , i think about unresponsable sexual intercourse . 
  i mean this is n't a new phenomenon , hiv is know for ages now and people are still fucking arround without rubbers , well guess what , you 've been unresponsible and you got litterally fucked . 
  the only ones who i 'm actually sorry for are the people who got hiv through blood transfusions , there are only a few cases but those are really tragic cases . 
  i mean , i have no idea what guy looks like or who he is , but i read his name somewhere . 
   why the hell is charlie sheen their go to instead of magic johnson . 
   uhm , we 're talking about europe here , especially russia , you as american might not understand this , but charlie sheen is know arround the world , we know his movies , his tv series , ... while magic johnson is , uhm . . yeah he 's a former nba player . 
  he is n't a `` worldstar '' . 
  i would n't know shit about magic johnson if it was n't for south park and my google skills . 
  `` tolerance '' ? 
  you fkd arround and u did n't use a rubber , now i need to be tolerant because you could n't think straight ? . . 
  awareness i get , but tolerance ? 
  holy shit , the nerv of some people . 
  thats was norway ? 
   compare september and october ... germany pushes afghans `` upstream '' towards austria by threatening deportation and are thusly increasing the share of afghans in austria after comparison , yeah , uhm we had even less syrians in september ( ~ 25 % ) . 
   he also suggested replacing our ministry of defence with an answering phone that said ` we surrender ' in russian . 
   smart guy . 
  how the fk do u ppl get 40 % syrians ? 
  we barely touch the 30 % mark by now . 
  nah , erdogan has merkel by the balls . 
  and yeah , i 'm pretty sure merkel has balls . 
  u ca n't be real dude . 
  a simple analogy for you : when i enter the local electonics store , wanting to buy something but they do n't have that in storage and tell me they 'll ship it to me from their warehouse then i still bought that shit in the electronics store . 
  they are conducting their business in turkey , thats the point , nobody cares where the freight is or where it will be shipped to , the business is conducted on turkish soil .
