  we 're about to get a ton of refugees and there 's no easy or humane way to stop them , so let 's get to work eh '' kinda mentality that this sub probably does n't agree with . 
  easy to say when you 're sitting in the us and everything you have todo is watch , germany took more refugee 's in august alone then us did in the whole year and now please , compare country sizes . 
  yeah it changed , there is less positive to write about so some papers just completely ignore the topic . 
  the agenda seems to be : write something positive or stfu . 
   out maybe eastern europe finally outgrows the whole sad `` we so poor and pathetic '' phase and join the influential countries of the world . 
  yeah man , economy is just an attitude thing , behave like a rich country and u 'll see the mullah will come to you . 
  same goes for normal persons , just behave like you got some billions and you 'll get them in no time . 
   it might not change themselfs but it denies them a public platform from which to infect minds with their stupid bullshit . 
  forcing them into underground platforms is imho far more dangerous . 
  if they can publicly vent their brainfarts its far easier to keep track of them and defame them or take appropriate actions against them if they 're planing something . 
   islamophic that should n't be a word to begin with . 
  it 's like branding people as racists . 
  yet you 're just opposed to a believe which is antiquated and has alot of hostile followers . 
  the solution to all this would be something similar to the `` catholic enlightenment '' and education , alot of education . 
  teach them to play nice and teach them that other religious have their right to exists . 
  islam claims to be gods last word , everything else should be destroyed , teach them that this phrase is n't ment to be executed . 
   religion is the polar opposite of socialism , marxism , communism , let alone moderate social democratic ideals . 
  true , but the current `` leftwing '' in europe is pretty much under islamic dictator ship , they do n't care for marxism and what it actually stands for , they sympathize with the far islamic right just to have an ally against the `` rightwing '' . 
  i wonder what would happen if the european right was to dissappear . 
  what would our lefties and the islamic right do when they have no common enemy ? 
  most of the world has another enviroment which is used to those temperatures , we do n't . 
  thats like 15 % of the year and they 're expected to last longer every year . 
   they are too neurotic , thin-skinned , and generally unattached to reality to get far in business or bureaucracy . 
  sounds like your average leftwing politician . 
  unemployed and angry on tumblr okay , does n't sound like it anymore , definitely is your average leftwinged youth politician . 
  sounds actually good to me , u guys taking some austrian asylum seekers ? 
  those 40 \u00b0 c summers are killing me . 
   it 's an attempt to exploit that exact guilt , which in turn made the word meaningless without lowering its impact . 
  same is going on in austria too btw , by now i 'd say a nazi is just someone who happens to disagree with you . 
  this has litterally nothing todo with human rights , most syrian refugees come from save camps arround syria theres maybe a handful that comes from warzones . 
   but anyone who actually fled the east would have been received as a long lost sibling . 
  was n't there an article from 1989 linked a while ago , by `` der spiegel '' where they described the arrival of the first east germans and how the left winged people did n't want anything more then to bash their heads in ? 
  the extreme to which saudis take islam could theoretically happen to christianity it ca n't . 
  islam is the only religion that claims to be `` gods last word '' nothing else counts , this is as it is , this is gods last word . 
  it is by far the most dangerous religion right now . 
  no , we opt out with them and revive the austro hungarian empire, 
   craft a narrative of blacks being unjustly shot by police all over the us if you look at the actual statistics you 'll realise how much of a joke this narrative is , but the propaganda machine is working . 
   i thought the endgame of the alt-right was the racewar ... 
  i thought that was the leftwing end goal ? 
  i mean why else would they bash one race and basically glorify all others ? 
  not to seed hatred ? 
  because this is how you create racism , you give preferential treatment to minorities instead of equal treatment for everybody . 
  thats confusing . 
  left and right basically switched policies , it 's kinda hilarious . 
   because it 's a rainy day or something never said that , pretty sure she has been planning it for a long time . 
   should they have supported bernie instead ? 
  i 'm glad it turned out the way it did , bernie became a push over that bowed to the party that screwed him over , that 's not exactly a quality that a president should have , i lost almost all my respect for him . 
  and clinton , well , turns out backroom deals do n't secure a presidency . 
  no cold war 2.0 for her , ;( ( yeah , i 'm pretty sure that she would 've started another cold war , her blaming literally everything on russia and putin is pretty telling ), 
  yey yey , the polls , i know , just like hillary hat a 95 % chance of winning and just like she led almost every exit poll . 
  i 'm pretty sure of it , at the current pace history is bound to repeat itself , i mean cmon , who would 've thought that a party like the afd could reach double digits ? 
   it really is n't any different than throwing them in jail for life with no parole . 
  i 'd argue that the death penalty is actually more humane and if i myself had the choice between death or spending my whole life in prison , well fuck i 'd go out willingly . 
   trump was twice as hated by the media , not by common people , his rallies were fucking packed , as a european it was actually kinda weird to see that a politician could fill such large stadiums . 
  because the democrat establishment ( dnc ) rigged everything against the `` hero of the people '' bernie sanders . 
  her loss is a combination of butthurt sanders supporters who 're disgusted by the dnc and people who generally hate her for her `` questionable '' actions . 
   the other has tears and an array of 20 year old airhead pop star spokespeople . 
  this sentence is so fitting , especially after all those `` i 'm running away from home '' treats , just like rebellious teenagers , americans are hilarious . 
   historical experience is still too deep in the bones for that stuff to take root give it 10-16 yrs , by 2032 germany will have a alt-right chancellor , i 'm calling it . 
  why ? 
  clinton would 've been way better for him , imagine the amount of money they would 've made together . 
  cold war 2.0 would 've been glorious , something happens ? 
  clinton pins it on putin , putin deflects and both produce more and more guns because of `` the evil enemy '' . 
  china bought more than 20 % of the us national debt , the us is already chinas bitch . 
  point is that the eu is pretty much fighting for its own survival , brexit happened and the anti eu sentiment is growing stronger and stronger everyday . 
  well , not here obv , because this is a pro eu sub ( just like / r/politics was a pro clinton sub , we saw how that worked out ) . 
  3.7 million votes are still a lot of people . 
  4 businesses out of 200 ? 
  wow , what a bad record . 
  besides , the `` daddy 's money '' argument would be cute , if there were n't siblings that had their hands in that pot and if most people who inherit wealth would n't lose it in a matter of years . 
  yes , there are studies about that , wealth normally lasts 3 generations , he made more money , that goes against every statistic . 
   a lunatic you got ta be more specific , both are bananas . 
   people have brains . 
  `` think of how stupid the average person is , and realize half of them are stupider than that . '' -- george carlin, 
  well , duh , who else has a chance to win ? 
  right , nobody . 
   xenophobic pensioners for brexit i like the irony of this statement . 
  do n't tell him about the sarcasm , let him feel superior for a while so he thinks we 're laughing with him , not at him . 
  jokes are usually funny, 
  really , that twitter shitpost is worth a politico `` article '' ? 
  holy shit , hillary must have real problems , they 're grasping at every straw here . 
  she adores him , so uhm , for him i guess ? 
  yeah , but half the population died/moved away/have grown up since then or changed their minds ( i know plenty who regret their vote ) , so unfair , unfair , i did n't even get to vote or i want to take it back . 
  just making the same points as the article . 
  i mean , if we take this article serious we do n't need any elections , referendums or votes anyways , fuck it . 
  who is `` us '' ? 
  check my flair son . 
   but still have access to the single market . 
  you ca n't put that into a referendum , this would give the eu leverage and make the exit negotiations impossible for any british politician . 
   a snapshot of public opinion one day in june should not condemn us to 50 years of error and misery . 
  i could say the same for the referendum to join the eu , which was held when i was a little child . 
  this is an article that 's basically screaming : not fair !!, 
  voting is not fair !!, 
  i do n't care what the majority wants , i want what i want !!!, 
  not faiiirrr ahhh !!, 
   there are many vendors . 
  idk how to respond to this , i 'm talking about production monopolies and you 're telling me about different vendors ... 
  it 's like saying there are different brands of pc pc psus available , well fuck yes , but they 're still all made by the same factory , why ? 
  because no one else in the west builds psus . 
  same goes for toothbrushes ...
