  i mean , whos the joke , the guy that does n't read the article and believes a reddit title or the guy that started in it but made a living in education ? 
  his education carrer started in '06 as the headmaster of the university of rostock till he moved to the university of regensburg in ' 08 , so he has atleast a decade of experience as school headmaster/president . 
   title just says `` expert '' does n't say what he 's an expert at . 
  the german title litterally says : `` education expert '' , op left it out of the reddit title but it is in the article . 
   unsure why they dont throw her out and put sch\u00e4uble in charge . 
  cuz no one would vote for sch\u00e4uble , he 's way worse . 
  hell i even know people who 're like `` no wonder someone tried to shoot that guy '' . 
  his popularity rankings are ... not good . 
  guess that 's debunked now . 
  sorry that we 're not giving you everything that we own and worked for . 
  so it has begun ... 
  just keep our failed art students away from german politics and we 're gucci . 
  well , compared to other european parties they 're fukin communists x ), 
   germany has been acting a little crazy of late they 're always crazy , its in their nature . 
  they 're extremists , either they go full mother theresa mode or they go full on hitler on your ass . 
  there is no calm and healthy middleground . 
  so you did n't have geography in school ? 
  i mean , look at the countries , since when does ukraine own a large part of belarus ? 
   i 'm from upper austria . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qffm5owzoy no i 'm not talking about vorarlberg , i find vorarlbergerisch easier to understand . 
  the map is just . . wrong . 
  i mean its a running gag here in austria that no one understands the upper austrian dialect , because its so god damn different . 
  not to mention that the map is missing countries and has wrong borders . 
  that map is pretty much bullshit . 
   i know germanic people have a reputation for being more distant in their greetings but idk how true that is for austrians yes . 
   we should really promote independent thinking but , who would be left to vote for people like merkel ? 
  you ca n't promote that cmon man . 
   he founder of a group lobbying for a sane amount of migrants in the north of hamburg ( 1500 migrants instead of 3000 in exchange for volunteer work in the shelter by locals ) got threatened with his family 's death while shopping for groceries . 
  germany is sick . 
  u guys go either full hitler or full mother theresa , there is no healthy middleground . 
  god damn nazi refugees . 
   while women are more moderate did you ever speak to a women about politics ? 
  i was pretty suprised to find out that most of my female friends and colleagues have pretty radical and very opinionated views in either direction . 
  while some of my male friends are pretty much `` meh , politics , like i care , i vote what the wife tells me to '' . 
   if he is in europe for at least 2 years , how comes he 's a part of the recent refugee influx ? 
   multiple aliases , he , as many others , used the refugee influx to cover up his identity and tried for asylum in different countries under different names . 
   how will they afford to move into the cities ? 
  they wandered from syria/afghanistan/algeria / rndarabcountry to germany . . this is their smallest problem . 
  they will move into the cities . 
  there is a fucking reason everyone moved away from east germany . 
   i could call a woman who ca n't leave her violent boyfriend an idiot you should . 
  thats kinda the definition of the word . 
  the word does n't care what your problem is or what caused it , if you behave like an idiot you are ... an idiot . 
   people who are lured by cults are not thinking rationally anyway . 
  so , kinda like idiots ? 
   the easiest way to see this is by going to a pyramid scheme event or talking to someone who is a member of one . 
  they are irrational even in the face of pretty compelling evidence . 
  i call those people idiots too . 
   considering fp\u00d6 is leading national polls which is so god damn sad , they 're not leading because they have solutions or answers , they 're ahead because all the other parties are n't acknowledging the problems . 
  it 's like \u00d6vp , sp\u00d6 and die gr\u00fcnen have some sort of silent agreement to ignore any immigrant related problem . 
  calm down kid , we get it you 're one of those upperclass guys he was talking about . 
   her reverse racism is as bad as some people 's ` regular ' racism . 
  i would n't call it reverse racism , it is just positive racism which is commonly ignored . 
   camera 's on every street corner ? 
  well , if you 're unwilling to stop the uncontrolled mass imigration then those cameras are your only option . 
  it 's not like they 're not flying to desinations like syria anyways , they 're just not allowed to carry refugees from there to europe , there are laws against that . 
  you 've never been to berlin , eh ? 
  well atleast not outside the tourist attractions . 
  but we need those refugees for our economy . 
  why do you think the unemployment rates dropped in germany and austria ? 
  cuz we got alot of shit todo , we need more german teachers , we need more medical personal , we need to build more shelters , ... this is a whole fucking industry and we 're trying to milk that cashcow . 
  well , our politicians are trying to milk that cashcow , the citizens are getting fucked over , but who cares the economy and unemplyment numbers look better . 
   what if they 've burned their documents and refuse to say where they are from ? 
   what if their country is n't safe ? 
  they 're part of criminal organisation and in somecases commited crimes themselfes , pretty sure they 're the kind that made their own country unsafe , that justifies return . 
   who takes them back there ? 
  a plane . 
  i feel you brother . 
  people born after 2000 should n't be able to buy tobacco , well that does n't mean that someone born 1999 ca n't buy it for them . 
  they do n't want to ban smoking they want to . . i do n't know that shit wont do anything . 
  aw well no shit , the age range in that statistic is 18-54 for the netherlands and 16-34 for the us . 
  i really do n't know many people 40 + or 35 + that are smoking pot ... 
  i was kinda hinting at that and portraying the pov of a potential parent . 
  is n't the `` mc '' a scott thing ? 
   if you want the rights and benefits of a society you need to do the duty of a society . 
  and here i thought i work and pay my taxes for society . 
  now i have to have children too ? 
  i do n't think the benefits outweight the costs anymore , sorry fuck off society . 
  well , if you want to produce children it obviously is , it works miracles for the staates of the middle east and their population . 
  but who wants children here anyways . 
   but not all of it for 3 or 4 years . 
  really , 3 or 4 years is too much to ask ? 
  why bother having a child atall ? 
  seems really inconvinent to give birth to something just so you can pay a nanny/daycare and take care of it on the weekends . 
  a dog might be cheaper and easier to handle . 
   many of my friends are proudly childfree and some are militant about it . 
  i 've noticed that too , i even know people who are looking for child free restaurants and public places ... 
  vietnam loves putin more then his own people . . 
   if all your family had n't been from the same place for generations . 
  so uhm , who the hell has a family that lived in the same country/state for ~ 4 generations ? 
  i 'm from europe mate , my whole country is smaller then south carolina . 
  internet jokes are hard !, 
   anyone helping them against the chinese would be liked . 
  the chinese basically own the us . 
   they 'll make one . 
  my ass . 
  turkey is under us protection and the eu would n't dare to fool arround with that . 
   americans love to be super-special by identifying as any nationality that their great great great grandparents were yeah , what the fuck is that . 
  france would n't leave , once germany left france would be in charge of the eu . 
   sticking our fingers in our ears and singing `` lalala '' i thought that was a valid german political move .
