  * eu teeth * god , i watch too many twitch streams . 
  obviously one of the `` old racist guys '' that won the brexit vote  . 
   but at the same time it 's quite amusing seeing the whole place coming down we lost our triple aaa as well ... 
  wales is still in the em , so nope . 
  yeah , but its working out for them . 
  i still think that the eu should take some notes from kim jong-un , brexit would 've never happened in north korea . 
  but brexit would 've never happened in north korea !, 
  just implement the far superior north korean system . 
  i hate german chocolate ... 
  honestly , that chocolate bar sounds like a communist . 
  to be fair , you did n't phrase it that way . 
   and direct democracy is for the birds you just said that to someone from switzerland . 
   so it is n't about whats best for the economy . 
  it never was , else the east expansion would 've been delayed and done one country at the time and not all at fucking once . 
  does n't that sum up every liberal media outlet ? 
  wow , john oliver managed to be funny ? 
  guess i have to watch this one . 
  duh , you do n't have as many immigrants in spain , so you would have to search very long for one to blame . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-31905764  according to the data , those of celtic ancestry in scotland and cornwall are more similar to the english than they are to other celtic groups . 
  the real celts never reached britain , all ur lives are a lie x ), 
  cute , but northern ireland wo n't become a independent country and ireland does n't want them right now . 
  actually , it 's not only in spain . 
  this is pretty much the result of every vote in the last year . 
   but scotland already is a part as a federal state of a eu member , not as a country . 
  first the eu would need a period of time to see if scotland can stand as a own country , so you 'll have a period where scotland will be neither member of the eu nor a part of the uk , does n't sound like fun , sounds worse than brexit . 
  he 's german , he 's already superior to the leaders of those countries , duh . 
  eu officials : sorry scotland , even if you 're independent you 'll have to apply like any other country , this could take years . 
  some rnd merkel bff : ayy we can do something about that , angie can help you , no worries . 
  who shall i believe now ? 
   `` leave uk now and get eu membership '' wo n't happen there would be atleast a decade where scotland is neither eu member nor in the uk , does n't sound like a bright future . 
  the scottish situation regarding a independent eu membership ? 
  no it has n't changed atall , unless you 're on some reality changing drugs . 
  the situation regarding the uk ? 
  yes , that changed , but the other stuff still stands . 
   situation changed since that referendum . 
   are you sure that this statement is still valid ? 
  [ kinda ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2016/06/26/scotland-is-told-it-wont-be-able-to-stay-in-the-eu-after-brexit-5967168/ ) tbh , considering everything , brexit seems like the best bet for scotland , but hey , just my 2 cents . 
   scotland 's administration is seeking immediate discussions with the eu to keep the country in the bloc . 
  the eu already said that it 's not gon na happen , scotland would need to get independent and apply for eu membership , like every other country . 
  if scotland would go through with that ... they 're fucked , there would be a pretty long period of time where they 're neither part of the uk nor of the eu . 
  good luck with that . 
   dictatorial folks with eu flags democracy has failed , we do n't like the result of the referendum , do n't let plebs vote anymore . 
  actually , even if orban gives another image , hungary ( and maybe germany ) feels the most `` european '' the others are n't feeling it as much . 
  plebs have too much power , we need monarchy back . 
  i nominate juncker as our new european king and overlord . 
  to the whole continent , so who cares . 
   i find it funny how the fp\u00d6 had no problem with the austrian system just until they lost . 
  from what i 've read , it has always been well-known that the letter-vote-counting in austria is a bit of a sorgenkind ? 
  they 've always bashed the letter-vote . 
  since we introduced it in 2008 ( ? 
   edit : downvoted ? 
  man , i did n't even vote leave . 
  what exactly is wrong with my comment ? 
  you 're trying to make sense while the sub is trying to circlejerk against brexit . 
  y u trying to sabotage our beautiful federal yurop ? 
  yea ... uhm . . about that ... 
   typically forget the horrors of ottoman invasion we still have the head of one [ invader ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kara_mustafa_pasha ) in our [ museum ] ( http://www.tuerkengedaechtnis.oeaw.ac.at/ort/museum-der-stadt-wien-der-schadel-des-kara-mustapha/ ) , so i doubt that . 
  which was kinda weird to me since hungary is so dependent on eu money , guess orban knew with how much he could get away . 
  brit bashing !, 
  god britain is full of old white xenophobic men , good they 're gone !, 
   and things went on almost as if nothing happened . 
  probably going to be the same with britan , but hey , everybody loves drama and apocalyptic scenarios . 
  world war brexit brexitland the walking brits , . . 
   especially when you look a the opinion polls that show leave and remain playing pingpong . 
  mainly because most polls are complete garbage . 
   the eurozone  also blocked by sweden and denmark , sweden will never stop using their loophole . 
  god damn swedes !, 
  integrate already !, 
   hopefully the eu can go on to federalise and do what it needs to do to thrive netherlands might become the new uk . 
   you have to remember that this is n't only about britain anymore . 
  it 's as much about the european union as its about britain . 
  the fragile little union is scared that other countries might follow . 
   eu leaders have an obligation now , to make an example of what happens when a country leaves the eu . 
  i thought the eu is so positive and good , it helps everybody yadiyadi ya , so they do n't need to set an example the bad should come anyways ? 
  or is n't it that good afterall ? 
  i mean , atleast now i know why every reddit thread turns into a pro eu circlejerk . 
  pretty sure italy and greece would n't be dark green anymore ... you 're opinion swing does n't matter since the netherlands did n't have a majority in favor back then , 
  you 're confusing the french political elite with the people . 
   guess what . 
  80 years ago , we had a unified europe . 
  you 're welcome . 
   and even that got eroded hard with austria basically telling germany to go fuck itself recently in the border issue . 
  somebody had to do it and it 's not like our politicians did it willingly , they just saw that they we 're losing votes like hell and noticed that they had to change course . 
   should we now , ( with the most pesky member - state leaving ) push for the united states of europe ? 
  yeah , push away more members . 
   we could save a lot of money by not paying 27 national and 1 supernational goverment , but only 1 one . 
  thats not how it works . 
  bookmakers predicted our president to be norbert hofer yet alexander van der bellen won , ... idk , everytime i look at political bets they 're fucking it up . 
  according to the bookmakers brexit should 've never happened . 
  is that even likely ? 
  i could offer `` leadership '', 
  hey , i 'm not saying im generally against leaving , just the name outstria is terrible , i 'd prefer autxit !, 
  it 's kinda weird , reading reddit threads and a couple of newspapers you get the feeling that `` everyone is depressed about brexit '' , yet ~ 30 million people did n't vote and ~ 16.5 million voted for brexit . 
  sore losers . 
  doubt that , especially as english speaker you 'll have some problems with our articles . 
  the = der , die , das - it 's funny for english speakers . 
  he 's actually kinda likable , at least more likable than cameron , that slippery bastard, 
   what 's the german labor market like ? 
   brutal  how quickly can one pick up german ? 
  apparently it 's one of the harder languages .
