  nah man , hungarians are all nazis , the refugee 's are being mistreated and sent to muslim work camps , orban is litterally hitler . 
   so what good will refugee quotas be at a eu level if these people only want to go to germany ? 
  well , you could change the laws in the other countries and make it easier for refugee 's to bring their families to the new country . ^ / s i mean , thats why they want to go to germany in the first place , once u 're granted asylum you can pretty much call ur folks and tell them to catch the next flight to germany . 
   i 'd argue i 'd argue that the most intelligent people are staying in syria and controlling those conflicts and manipulating people while profiting of them . 
  yeah , u can turn that both ways . 
   they 're paying off human smugglers mate , if you go from africa by boat you would need to cross whole italy and either liechtenstein , swizerland or austria to get to southern germany . 
  but the bavarians do n't want refugees , so you need to cross germany to get to the middle/north . 
  it 's way cheaper to just fly there , especially when most refugees would pay for their ticket anyways . 
  the vid just explains why they are n't flying already , the airline would need to pay for their recovery , if the eu gets rid of that airlines would let them fly and everybody would just hop onto a plane . 
  idk , seems pretty easy to split up when you 're a 7 person family . 
  dad , mom & the children relocate within syria into a saver zone and the 16-25 yr old son tries go get asylum in germany . 
  once he 's granted asylum they can reunite in germany , thats how it works . 
  can austria leave too ? 
  plz, 
  thats against eu law , you ca n't just take them over the border without registering them in hungary first . 
  ps : i hate my country . 
   is it cheaper to fly ? 
   europe has experienced worse in terms of refugees in the 90 's we 're actually breaking all records from the 90 's . 
  it was n't worse . 
  this is how you breed hatered . 
  they 're overdoing the guilt trip till the majority of the population snaps . 
  ww3 here we come . 
  10 bucks say germany starts ww3 , they 're fucking too much with their own ppl . 
   young able bodied men mate , most of them have a family at home , thats why the want to go to germany or austria . 
  once you have asylum in germany it 's easy and fast to get your family members into germany aswell . 
  because they will leave them in warzones and not in safe zones while they 're gone and they do n't have the grown males ( 30-50 ) there to help them . 
   who leaves behind their wife and children to be murdered ? 
  if you are granted asylum in germany or austria you 're practically 100 % guaranteed asylum for your family . 
  the young males are sent because they can endure the travel and the camps . 
  true , we got a print media in austria who picked it up and showed the images which indicated the police as aggressors . 
  their comment section is hilarious now , small shit storm . 
  is it so hard for people to actually watch content and understand it before asking questions ? 
  various statistics released in our print media . 
  edit : one example ( like i said , statistics are in various print medias ) http://www.vol.at/fluechtlinge-jung-maennlich-und-allein/4227311 sadly , its in german , the title states : `` young , male and solo ? '', 
  `` 75 % of the refugees in austria are males , young and without family '' . 
  it goes on explaining why , and that the syrians send their young males to get refugee and once it 's granted they 're sure to get their 3-7 family members into our country . 
  we even had a tv interview with the tv 's `` near east expert '' she pretty much confirmed that the syrians are sending their young males because it 's easier for them to endure the camps and the travel . 
   it is funny how people see germany as a super efficient state and greece as a corrupt shithole full of lazy donkeys only uneducated idiots see it that way , you ca n't take those people serious . 
  u 're absolutely right . 
  by the way , we got some south east europeans in our refugee camps . 
   when countries like greece hid the real numbers for years germany ( helmut kohl ) knew the numbers were fake , there are plenty of news reports arround greece joining the eu . 
   they are not syrians . 
   no families always young men . 
  syrian refugee 's are ~ 70 % male aswell . 
  hitler relied on religion and the hatred for other religions . 
  i had to go back 70 years . 
  he even introduced the church tax , which sadly we still have to pay to the catholic church . 
   europe are young ( 20-40 ) males with a family in africa mate , here in austria 70 % of our syrian asylum seekers are male 20 + with family in syria . 
  where is your god now ? . 
  edit : 14-17 : 75 % males 18-34 : 77 % males they 're just sending the male kids/young adults and hope that they get asylum so they can bring their familes . 
  100 % the same with africans , ur logic is faulty . 
  religion is way bigger in the middle east then it was in europe ~ 100 years ago and u can use this to enforce a dictatorship . 
  every region is different , thats why refugee 's have alot of issues in europe , cultures and different mentalities crashing into each other . 
  normally they 're neither . 
   media is highly critical . 
  german media being critical , thats a new one . 
  i think you misunderstood her quote . 
  the politically correct media in sweden makes it more dangerous than mogadishu because they 're silent on certain issues . 
  and if you dare to speak up you receive flak from both sides , the extremist and the politically correct crowd . 
  so certain thing stay taboo . 
  [ bono is a piece of shit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/more_crap ), 
  i thought the logic is that disclaimers safe you from the law . 
  well , if it in your eyes ( hint : it does n't in the eyes of the law ) changes the illegality of b\u00f6hmermanns `` schm\u00e4h kritik '' , why should n't it work for breivik too ? 
  he should 've said : this is what you 're not supposed to do in norway . 
  before he killed them . 
  i think that part was the actual satire . 
  so we 're double the people and we took 380 times more asylum seekers . 
  thats kinda insane . 
  now i get it , a disclaimer safes you from prosecution , jesus why did n't anyone tell breivik . 
  and after that i posted about ivory league universities , their minority quotas and scholarships that are exclusively available to minorities , but yeah , lets leave that out . 
  i 'm gon na leave you with this thought : if i was black i could study in yale , but since i 'm white my academic grades are n't good enough , i do n't fit into a quota so i do n't get free points . 
  we had something like that in austria a while ago , the medical university denied a guy based on his entrance exam results , because men needed way higher scores to be accepted . 
  if he had tits and a vagina he could 've become a doctor . 
  but since hes a man he had to sue and drag this shit trough every newspaper . 
  thats a completely different scenario tho , a austrian politician said something dumb and he was called an idiot by some small paper . 
  they did n't say he 's a goat fucking , woman raping , mass murdering , pedophile without any context regarding rape , goats and pedophilia . 
  like judge matscher said :  i can not concur in either the reasoning of the majority of the chamber or the conclusion they have reached . 
  they have ignored the fundamental distinction between a criticism or value judgment on the one hand , and an insult on the other ; the first two are covered by the freedom of expression secured in article 10 of the convention ( art . 
  10 ) , whereas an insult is not . 
  further down :  mr oberschlick did not , however , simply criticise ; he went further , uttering vulgar insults aimed at mr haider , calling him a trottel ( idiot ) . 
  despite an ingenious attempt to present things differently , the average reader must have understood mr oberschlick 's words as an insult intended to ridicule mr haider . 
  and he only called him an idiot . . 
  but you 're not supposed to maliciously attack their dignity . 
  thats what b\u00f6mi did . 
  but thats what most b\u00f6hmermann defenders are actually advocating . 
  he should be free to insult anyone he likes on tv , but people who post negative messages about refugees on facebook should be doxed and charged with hate speech . 
  no it was purposely hurtful , malicious and against the law . 
  he just did n't think that he could be prosecuted because he 's a c-celebrity, 
  #thank you oh my god , there are some people with common sense . 
  but they did give a % per household to that chart , which makes it clear that germany ( 3.5 % ) pales in comparison to luxembourg ( 22.7 % ) , switzerland ( 13 % ) , netherlands ( 9.1 % ) and belgium ( 8.5 ) . 
  but the refugee chart is a bad joke . 
   germany accepts by far the most asylum applications now thats a fucking fair chart , lets not compare the number of asylum seekers with the size of the country or the population of the country . 
  because then everyone would know that sweden took an over proportional amount , same with austria . 
  what a biased piece of shit the independent is . 
  same . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amun_abdullahi  sweden is `` more dangerous than mogadishu '' for a journalist who wants to tell the truth i do n't think its awkward atall , i kinda expect stuff like that from sweden . 
   freedom of speech somehow equals violents ? 
  nobody said anything about violence , ever , probably a waste of time to read your post since you did n't read mine . 
  but did n't she actually make it worse than it could 've been ?
