sorry , i had hoped that my description of it would point to the darkest green one in the northwestern part of the country . 
  some americans will sometimes confuse idaho and iowa , so it 's definitely not expected that you know . 
  i have zero trouble accepting the reasons why `` any instance or event in which 4 or more people are shot '' may be a useful definition for `` mass shooting . '', 
  i do n't agree at all , but i completely understand the principle . 
  but that is completely unrelated to my points . 
  i 'm going to reiterate them and ask that you do me the courtesy of responding to them directly . 
    mass shootings have been historically defined as being intentional attempts at indiscriminate mass murder with guns , have excluded gang-related and domestic-related killings , accidents and so on . 
  is this not true ? 
  you say historical definitions do n't exist , but groups like mother jones and the us congressional research service ( just two that i know of ) completely disagree with you . 
    the new definition does not take those into account and is riding the coattails of the emotional/political/social effect of the term `` mass shooting '' ( which previously fulfilled the qualities i listed above ) . 
  is this not true ? 
  this speaks to the motivations of the coiners of the new definition . 
    the groups of people who abide by this definition also routinely include in their databases shootings for which details are unavailable or ambiguous . 
  this is more tangential about the motives of the mass shooting trackers , but is it also not true ? 
  i do n't see how you do n't understand these points . 
  even more puzzling , none of them are committing you to something unsavory if you agree . 
  you accepting them does no damage to your position at all . 
  you can accept all of them as true and still claim that the new definition of mass shooting is correct and useful . 
  the metro area in idaho where i grew up was 600,000 people . 
  it 's no zaragoza , but it is a vigo . 
  * mass shootings have been historically defined as being intentional attempts at indiscriminate mass murder with guns , have excluded gang-related and domestic-related killings , accidents and so on . 
  * the new definition does not take those into account and is riding the coattails of the emotional/political/social effect of the term `` mass shooting '' ( which previously fulfilled the qualities i listed above ) . 
  * the groups of people who abide by this definition also routinely include in their databases shootings for which details are unavailable or ambiguous . 
  these 3 points are a summation of my main argument . 
  they are not controversial , and i am unsurprised you completely failed to address them the first time around . 
  you also took my completely uncontroversial point about the political left spearheading this new effort to redefine the term in an attempt to paint me as a conspiracy theorist who sees liberal bias in the cdc and the fbi , to say nothing of your continual snark and projection throughout . 
  but if you want to explain to me dictionary definitions like i 'm retarded , perhaps i can add to the conversation : * mass : ( n ) ( quantity ) large in number . 
  * killing : an instance of someone being killed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_earthquakes_in_2016 look at all the mass killings this year !!!!!!, 
  look at my contribution to sociology !!!, 
  you have just demonstrated my point . 
  imagine for example someone saying `` boy , i 'd love to go to north america . 
  but wait , the murder rate there is 16.3 , there 's no way i 'm going to visit my friend in idaho with those stats . '', 
  that would be clearly retarded , right ? 
  it would also be retarded for me to say `` i love idaho . 
  only a 1.3 murder rate , there 's no way i 'd visit europe with its 3.0 murder rate . 
  way too unsafe there . '', 
  i 'm only pointing out the category errors that people are making . 
  i 'm free to answer any question i want ? 
  alright , i 'd like to answer `` where did manere get his medical degree ? '', 
  i 'll give it a shot : `` trump university . '', 
  there 's no doubt . 
  actually i think that 3.8 number is inaccurate , i read the fbi crime stats for fun ( because i like to party ) and i have never seen a murder rate that low for the us . 
  4.5 seems to be a more correct number . 
  but to your point , imagine we take the entire european continent and find the murder rate . 
  it would be around 3.0 according to the article you linked . 
  so imagine then someone saying `` boy , 3.0 , europe is dangerous as fuck . '', 
  that would be analogous to saying `` boy the united states is dangerous as fuck '' because it would ignore vast differences from country to country ( or state to state ) , which are important . 
  haha !, 
  i did that for 20 years , did n't have too bad a time . 
  if you like solitude , nature and free roaming , there 's not a better place in the country . 
  i seem to be getting a lot of pushback on this point . 
  perhaps i explained it poorly , but my general point is that there are many areas in the united states that are perfectly safe , and that the attitude of people who believe the united states is dangerous generally is not only wrong , but would be like saying `` europe is dangerous '' after viewing multiple stories and crime statistics from eastern european countries . 
  i compare a state to a country because ( though it 's far from perfect ) , the eu and the us have some small analogues . 
  each state has to an extent its own culture and own demographics like a country in the eu would ( though , again , not to the same degree . ), 
   the problem with america is that the safe places are about as safe as your average western european country and the unsafe places are like nothing that exists in europe outside of maybe ukraine at the moment . 
  i would not dispute this for a moment . 
  however , my main point is the general attitude that the united states is unsafe ( which i see a lot of ) is not only not true , but would be like looking at eastern europe 's crime rates and concluding that all of europe is to that extent unsafe . 
   i do n't think people unironically claim that people shoot everything everyday in us it has been my experience , both online and in speaking with foreign tourists , that something approximating this view is held by a nontrivial amount of people . 
  there are even americans who espouse this view , they have their own popular subreddit ( / r/gunsarecool ) that has even received mainstream media attention . 
  i am perfectly happy to be wrong , however , since my experience is only anecdotal . 
  i think you misunderstand what i 'm trying to say . 
  there are vast areas in the united states that are perfectly safe ( and comparably to some european countries ) to live , which gives the lie to these generalizations both here and in the media that the united states is generally a dangerous place . 
  this is of course not to say that `` everything is cool '' or that gun violence is n't a problem . 
  if you do n't live in an area where any of those things are , it 's incredibly safe . 
  for example , the state of idaho where i was born has a slightly lower murder rate than the rate of canada , finland , greece and belgium . 
  it manages somehow to accomplish this with a 55 % gun ownership rate . 
  up front , i 'll say i 'm an american and hugely in favor of gun rights . 
  i understand that gun violence is a problem in the united states , but these mass shooting trackers are absolute horseshit . 
  mass shootings have traditionally been indiscriminate attempts to murder or maim multiple people that are not usually gang related or family related . 
  so in mass shootings , there is usually a component of motive . 
  violence erupting between two gang members that has innocent bystanders ( who may not even be in the immediate area ) hit , rising up to the now magic number of 4 injured counts as a mass shooting , according to these trackers . 
  hell , even reddit 's own / r/gunsarecool mass shooting tracker lists this story as a mass shooting : http://www.clickorlando.com/news/2-men-4-children-hurt-at-ocala-shooting-range-deputies-say yes , the political left in the united states see an accidental discharge into the ground that ricochets and hits bystanders as a mass shooting , which has previously been reserved for things like premeditated mass murder by guns like columbine , aurora , etc. 
  you can tell the creation of this new definition and these trackers is explicitly political , since many of the articles linked by these trackers are so scant on details that it is not even possible to know if the final number of injured was 4 ( ie erroneous reporting ) or even if 4 people were injured , how many of those 4 were shot vs injuries caused by attempting to flee . 
  and the number 4 is interesting to me as well . 
  of the first 82 `` mass shootings '' of the year , 53 of them were 4 victim shootings , 17 of them 5 , 3 of them 6 , 9 of them 6 + . 
  while i ca n't claim to know the motives of the people who invented these insanely permissible criteria , it is reasonable to suspect that the number 4 was chosen as to maximize the number of total shootings and thus public outrage ( the `` one mass shooting a day '' headlines that have become popular ) . 
  this is not to say that gun violence is not a problem requiring immediate attention in the united states , but it simply does no favors to the debate by having misleading and politically biased metrics . 
  * edit : my wording sucks, 
  i shoot guns once a week . 
  i must be lucky i have n't committed a mass shooting yet . 
  mass shootings every week ? 
  i 'd be very hesitant to suggest anything with a lot of certainty , but i for one would urge europe to not form a united states of europe , or if one is formed , for each country to maintain cultural , economic and legal control for itself to the best of its ability . 
  even though the federal government of the us gets larger every year , the individual states still have a lot of leeway in managing their own affairs . 
  gun control , marijuana legalization , ( until recently ) gay marriage , natural maintenance and so on are all things that vary greatly here and i would love to see that remain or increase . 
  i think you 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  i hope you can see the vast gulf between european refugees from the balkans and the refugees now . 
  great , now my parents are going to worry about me the entire summer . 
  you should have never quartered your soldiers in our homes , goddamnit . 
   wealth inequality - poor states tend to have higher murder rate . 
  so states with black population have higher murder rates . 
  there is a correlation of .048 between household income of a state and murder rates within that state . 
   easy access to guns . 
  we have a lot of guns , especially handguns . 
  there is a -.339 correlation between gun ownership by state and murder rate by state, 
  all the cities around there are dumps . 
  niland , calipatria , and slab city , though i absolutely love it there . 
  thanks , i was wondering how on earth they could do this . 
  shit son !, 
  sick burn !,
