i fly with iceland air from paris to boston with a layover in reykjavik as well , because of the price . 
  when was the last time the u.s. annexed anyone ? 
  you can also read more about european refugees in this thread . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/223nq8/why_does_the_united_states_accept_so_many/ yes , i was downvoted , but that 's mostly just anti american bias in / r/europe , and the way that i phrased my question , which i think put people on the defensive for some reason . 
  here 's the [ 2012 report ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-18062013-ap/en/3-18062013-ap-en.pdf ) . 
  interesting that the permanent resettlement numbers are so low . 
  only 4500 in all of the eu27 that year . 
  of which 1,680 were resettled in sweden , the highest number by far . 
  the difference between refugees and permanent resettlement is that you can lose your refugee status if , for example , a war ends . 
  e : i forgot to link the eurostat report . 
  no , it 's aslyees granted asylum . 
  however , it is indeed a small number . 
  i think this is a bit outdated , considering the existence of mirvs , and the proliferation of nuclear weapons in other countries . 
  i imagine that , without any big brothers , there would be potential for nuclear war in israel , korea , and india/pakistan if the u.s. and russia went up in flames . 
  the point is , he has such total control , that even billionaires are under his thumb to the degree that he can disrespect them in front of the press and no one questions him . 
  imagine , for example , if the same thing was filmed in london , and cameron told branson : `` sign this now . '', 
  * branson signs and starts walking away * . 
  `` give me back my pen . '', 
  all in front of the press . 
  that 'd be page 1 news for weeks . 
  after the american civil war : `` the blacks are the minority , just 15 % of the population . 
  now everyone suffers . 
  not exactly an improvement , is it ? '', 
  you can acknowledge both at the same time , i think . 
  it 's good that minorities are n't persecuted , while at the same time , it 's tragic that war is visited on everyone . 
  [ language of the angles !, 
  anglish !, 
  anglish !, 
  anglish !, 
  ] ( http://anglish.wikia.com/wiki/what_is_anglish%3f ), 
  as you may have noticed , wiking85 and i disagree on a number of topics . 
  if you want to read a popular account of the third reich 's rise to power , time in power , and time at war , i ca n't recommend richard evans account highly enough . 
  it is [ highly regarded ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/books/2008/oct/19/history ) , and an excellent and easy read . 
  pm if you want to borrow my e-books . 
   you have have serious concerns about someone showing interest in germany , why ? 
  to answer this , it 's a couple things . 
  now , the problem here for me is to try to present my argument in a way that does n't seem like an attack . 
  at this point i have little doubt that you 've read more on the german empire , the interwar period , and the third reich . 
  i think that you are trying to build a historical world view around germany as central player and it 's actions as the central actions , which is why i asked about your interest in germany and the wars . 
  in this very post , you conflate german actions with cold war and modern actions by the u.s. and others , which is very strange to me , since they hold few parallels . 
  you also hold the opinion that modern scholarship has been unkind to germany . 
  i would argue that the opposite is the truth : today , the actions of the central and allied powers are seen mostly as an extension of historical great power policy to a more modern military complex , and the result of bad actors on all sides . 
  you would have a case regarding nazi germany , if and only if scholars equated nazism with german peoples . 
  if you can find me one instance where a respected historian claims that nazis were nazis because it 's intrinsic to germanness , i 'll eat a hat of my choice . 
  you make the case that every country was like germany in your fourth paragraph , and that is just intellectually dishonest . 
  nazi germany was not like all other imperialist countries . 
  all other imperialist countries did not subscribe to the nazi concept of liebestraum , nor did you see other western powers engage in genocide against racial groups . 
  finally , a small point :  as to weimar vs. nazi germany , in terms of employment numbers nazi germany was a better place to live for the average person in regards to being able to work and feed your family than in weimar in 1932 , but that 's a low bar . 
  indeed . 
  if unemployment is the only measure of quality of life . 
  however , in most other metrics , under the nazis ' rule , quality of life went down as the economy shifted to military industry . 
  if you can find someone who argues the contrary , i 'd be happy to see it . 
  but , again , i want to reiterate my point from above , and add a question , and then i leave you . 
  though i like discussing this stuff ( or i would n't have left you my other comments ) i find it exhausting to talk at length when i feel the other party has a closed viewpoint . 
  so , the point i want to reiterate : i think that you are trying to build a historical world view around germany as central player and it 's actions as ** the ** central actions . 
  and here 's my addendum : you 're obviously very educated on germany since world war i. 
  this education has led you to try and draw certain conclusions , seemingly on your own , about what the effects of that history is on the modern world . 
  this , however , is a common trap to fall into . 
  when you focus on one area of study , you begin to see the effects of that area of study everywhere around you , and it is possible and often probable that in seeing those effects you will allow them to unconsciously reinforce what were before just hypotheses , until they become theories , until they become your world view . 
  what i 'll ask of you now is this : given your extensive study of nazi germany , and the way it has helped form your view of the world as it is today , is it not possible that , indeed , history was n't and is n't hanging on the actions of germany , but is in fact an almost infinitely complex system with enough actors on the stage that fixing majority responsibility is usually hard if not impossible , much like how your area of study , nazi germany , is fantastically complex ? 
  basically , i 'm saying that your evident zeal and wide knowledge of one country and time period have contaminated your ability to be able to form other hypotheses , and to challenge your own beliefs in a meaningful way . 
  indeed , if you have in fact figured out history , i 'm sure there 'd be a lot of people who 'd pay a lot of money for your system . 
  however , i 'm sure you see the absurdity there , and can in turn recognize some of the absurdities of your german-centric world view . 
  as i said , i am going to stop commenting here , but feel free to reply , i 'll read it . 
  thanks for reading . 
  hopefully this is okay , but i 'd like to establish some more common ground before i continue to comment further . 
  i do not mean these questions as an attack on your well thought out argument ; however it may be beneficial to the both of us if we can drill down potential ideological differences at the beginning of our discussion , so each may approach the other in good faith . 
  you seem to have been doing a lot of research into germany , pursuant to your posts on / r/scholar . 
  why is that ? 
  i have also seen that you post to theredpill . 
  while that does not disqualify you as a historian , theredpill takes a distinctly unexamined approach at trying to explain gender relations . 
  why do you post there ? 
  you seem to be attaching counterfactuals to your arguments at every turn . 
  for example :  german imperialism was small compared to british and french imperialism , not to mention the trade issues surround tariffs by the us and several other countries leading up to the war ( though not causing them in 1914 ) . 
  in ww2 germany was locked out of a lot of trade due to protectionism that rose after ww1 by france , britain , the us , and the ussr . 
  germany lost its largest export markets in austria-hungary and russia , while being pillaged by the allies for reparations . 
  add in the tariffs keeping german exports limited , germany was hurting pretty badly pre-hitler . 
  some changes happened during hitler 's reign from 1933-39 , but as paul hehn points out in `` a low dishonest decade '' there was a lot of shady stuff going on that locked germany into 2nd tier economic status . 
  in this paragraph you seem to be implying that german imperialism was excused because other countries were also imperialist . 
  you also imply that germany had no option for peaceful rebuilding . 
  this is a generally rejected hypotheses . 
  you also imply that nazi germany was better than weimar germany , when in fact the quality of life of germans went down during the third reich . 
  this question is leading , but bear with me : can you conceive of a world where germany would n't have gone to war , with or without hitler ? 
  why or why not ? 
  finally , i will state my own biases : i am a democratic socialist . 
  i think the sapir-whorf hypothesis holds no weight . 
  i think that the german economy was wrecked by hitler , and i do not believe that germany had an unfixable economic state under the weimar republic . 
  i think that hitler was unquestionably a bad actor , and despite germany 's tremendous war-supporting industrial growth ( like synthetic fuel , for example ) , there was no economic recovery in germany , since the nazi aim was to alleviate deficit through conquest and extermination of native populations . 
  feel free to ask me any other questions to gauge my own biases . 
  i do n't think you 're wrong , necessarily , on your facts , but you 're framing this in a pretty weird way . 
  http://monsieurdandy.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/las-du-falafel.jpg  so in 1939 they had plenty of flexibility yet in the economy , but without military orders the stimulus effect would wear off and germany would again be dependent on the world market to drive its industry ; this is why hitler was preparing for war to conquer the markets and make germany independent from world economic downturns like the great depression , as without war germany would be mired in economy malaise much like the us is today , but far worse , as they did n't have internal markets like the us did then to sustain them in bad times ; this statement makes it sound like hitler was ` forced ' into going to war for the good of the economy . 
  this is false . 
  hitler 's four year plan and the economic policy under him changed from the pre - and early nazi era policies of schacht , which , as early as 1936 put them on a path towards a war that hitler deemed inevitable , though , of course it was totally evitable . 
   so in 1939 they had plenty of flexibility yet in the economy really ? 
  you really think that ? 
  unless they decided to overthrow the government , the german economy was extremely * inflexible * in 1939 , because of the vision of the nazis . 
  it had already been geared towards being a war time economy . 
  this is from evans ' * the third reich in power *   the reich 's finances , which had recorded a modest surplus in 1932 , recorded a deficit of 76 million reichsmarks in 1933 , rising to nearly 9.5 billion in 1938 . 
  acting now in his capacity as president of the reichsbank , schacht wrote a personal letter to hitler on 7 january 1939 , signed by all the other directors of the reichsbank , in which he warned that ` overstretching public expenditure ' was rapidly leading to the ` looming danger of inflation . ', 
  ` the limitless expansion of state expenditure ' , they told hitler , ` is destroying every attempt to put the budget in order .
