  i was looking for an answer that i seem to have come across on my own : the u.s. was willing to support a larger refugee population in the 1980 's and 1990 's , probably because of the cold war . 
  europe , however , has experienced a large influx of asylum seekers , many of whom will not get refugee status , since the early 2000 's . 
  thus , while their numbers of people accepted for asylum and residency are trending up , they are depressed by the large communities of displaced people who are seeking asylum , who take up more resources than american asylum seekers , since most american asylum seekers start the process while they are in another country . 
  question answered , i think !, 
  the u.s. does accept a large number from cuba due to communism . 
  venezuela has been second behind china for refugee status since chavez came to power . 
  there are no good sources , unless you want to do a year by year total from eurostat , which does n't seem to track back that far . 
  [ in 2012 , the figure was around 100,000 ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-18062013-ap/en/3-18062013-ap-en.pdf ) . 
  i image it goes down the closer you get to the cold war . 
  but , knowing that this was a banner year for asylum seekers in europe , if we assume the 100,000 number goes back 35 years as well , then they would have accepted 3.5 million refugees . 
  however , that is n't the case , though i ca n't find concrete numbers as to the quantity going back as far as 1980 . 
  in 2011 , for example , the eu admitted 84,300 . 
  if we assume slight decline up to the point of 1980 , such that in 1980 europe admitted 50,000 refugees , we 'd find that europe admitted 2,625,000 or a little less than the united states did . 
  i 'll admit i 'm guesstimating , though , as i said , there are no concrete numbers that i could find . 
  it 's true . 
  the u.s. has placed it 's goals elsewhere , and has not made an exception for the syrian civil war . 
  currently they seem to be focused on bhutanese people in nepal , who are persecuted there . 
  historically , the u.s. has emigrated people from communist countries as well as religious minorities . 
  my current working thesis is that the eu has to devote many more resources towards their very large population of asylum seekers , which lowers the total number they can accept per capita versus the united states , which has the luxury of deciding most cases while the applicant is still in their second country , as a refugee there . 
   edit : for fuck 's sake . 
  those are also just asylum seekers . 
  i ca n't find any proper statistics . 
  can you ? 
  i know !, 
  so the problem is that eurostat does n't actually track the number accepted applicants . 
  a search on their database brings up the nebulous category of [ asylum decisions ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-18062013-ap/en/3-18062013-ap-en.pdf ) , in which they do not list simply those accepted and denied , but rather only those denies . 
  from those numbers , i can intuit that 25 % are either accepted or appeal , of which i do not know how many are actually accepted , unless i look at the overview report for a given year , which trends more towards the 15 % i stated earlier . 
  to be clear , many more people than the tens of thousands that are admitted to the united states claim asylum to the united states every year , however , of those refugees who make it to the u.s. , most of them have already secured asylum and are granted refugee status . 
  this contrasts to europe , where it is relatively simple to get in , and hard to stay . 
  there are no good universal numbers , even from the u.n. . 
  however , this gets to to the new heart of the matter : why are n't there good numbers that the public can look at , especially in europe , as to how many people are cumulatively granted asylum over multi-year periods ? 
  it 's been a frustrating search , let me tell you . 
  my new thesis is that europe accepts fewer people for permanent settlement because they have such a large population of transient asylum seekers who must be legally dealt with , and thus have fewer resources to devote to naturalizing large quantities of asylum seekers . 
  that changes when you get to scandinavia , i imagine because they do not deal with similarly large populations of asylum seekers as compared to germany , and the people who make it there are generally genuine refugees seeking asylum . 
  that data set only shows people who applied , not whether or not they were accepted . 
  the u.s. number is for people who were granted refugee status after an application of asylum . 
  i think it 's probably simply that everyone ( practically ) who makes it to the u.s. receives refugee status , whereas europe has a lot of asylum seekers , but a much lower rate of acceptance . 
  since the unhcr counts asylum seekers and refugees together in the reports , we arrive at the data we have for the last four years ( especially with the syrian civil war happening on europe 's doorstep and the refugees in turkey ) . 
  my apologies for all the confusion . 
  [ i got the thesis of my conclusion ] ( http://iipdigital.usembassy.gov/st/english/article/2013/10/20131023285033.html?cp.rss=true#axzz2xpfmlhyo ) here :  the united nations high commissioner for refugees ( unhcr ) estimates there are approximately 15.4 million refugees in the world . 
  ** the unhcr reports that less than 1 percent of all refugees are eventually resettled in third countries . 
  of these , the united states welcomes over half , more than all other resettlement countries combined . 
  more than 3 million refugees have come to the united states in the last 35 years , according to the state department 's bureau of population , refugees , and migration . 
  ** the united states is also the single-largest donor to international relief efforts for refugees . 
  and for european statistics , [ here ] ( http://www.ecre.org/refugees/refugees/refugees-in-the-eu.html ) :  ** there are approximately 1.5 million recognised refugees living in the twenty seven member states of the european union plus norway and switzerland ** ... all the eu member states make a distinction between asylum seekers and refugees . 
  ** an asylum seeker is a person submitting a request for refugee status . 
  the asylum seeker is not granted refugee status unless the member state decides they qualify , following a defined legal procedure ** . 
  asylum seekers are , in general , accepted at a low rate in the eu ( sweden not withstanding ) . 
  i did come across the drop in people granted asylum in the 2000 's , which was due to the war on terror and the attacks of september 11th . 
  historically , it 's typically a lot closer to what it is currently , and occasionally higher ( see the early 90 's , for example ) . 
  the complications from the unhcr comes from the large numbers of asylum seekers in europe who are currently there . 
  however , it is more than likely that most of these people will not be granted asylum and have to leave , if the current rate of 15 % stands . 
  sweden , of course , has been a great country for refugees , and deserves credit . 
  i was not trying to single any one country out , just curious about the reasons . 
   in europe , anyone can ask for refugee status and it will be granted this is simply false . 
  either way , i 'll just e-mail the unchr . 
  yeah , the u.s. has n't made a big push to accept syrian refugees , which is unfortunate . 
  however , a lot of it has to do with the fact that the refugees go through turkey and then get to greece , and then are in the eu . 
   262,000 that seems impossible even with data from the last 10 years . 
  differentiating definitions maybe ? 
  that number is the amount of people given asylum in the u.s. in in the last 4 years . 
  2009 74,602 2010 73,293 2011 56,384 2012 58,179 total : 262,458 over the last four years europe granted 1,797,600 people asylum ? 
  the thing is , europe only gives asylum to 15 % or so of people seeking it . 
  that put the number expected to receive asylum ( the number comparable to the u.s. number ) at around 269,640 people . 
  and that 's only if the 1,797,600 is from the last four years only . 
  the 2.6 million comes from people granted asylum , in the u.s. , since 1980 , if we assume they are alive . 
  that 's the the total number of people given asylum since that date . 
  i was n't trying to throw anything in your face , i genuinely thought it was an interesting statistic . 
  you 're right though , i should have started the post with a definition of asylum seeker vs. someone granted asylum , and addressed the unhcr reports . 
  it 's my fault i did n't do that , but i guess i did n't see this much confusion arising . 
  the main numbers are still correct . 
  the 2,671,511 is from the u.s. government on accepted asylum seekers . 
  the 1,500,000 in europe refers to refugees as those granted asylum . 
  thus , you have the crux of my question . 
  this is part of the problem , since the unhcr counts asylum seekers and those granted asylum as one group in it 's reports , which does n't actually give you a good picture of how many of the people who make it to a country stay there . 
  obviously , it 's harder to get to the u.s. than to europe , but most of those who get there are allowed to stay . 
  conversely , only around 10 % of asylum seekers are accepted and granted asylum in germany , to the tune of around 20 thousand out of 130 thousand . 
  however , the unhcr counts the 130 thousand as refugees living in germany , when around 120 thousand of them will not , in fact , be allowed to remain in germany . 
  you 're not incorrect , but my numbers are solid . 
  for simplicity , here 's what i wrote to another redditor : the discrepancy comes from terminology . 
  a person who flees their country for reasons of war or persecution is always a refugee . 
  however , legally they are divided into two camps : asylum seekers and those granted refugee status . 
  the eu has a lot more asylum seekers ( who are granted temporary permission to remain in country until their case is resolved ) than they accept as refugees ( people allowed to stay permanently in the host country ) . 
  my numbers from the u.s. refer to asylum seekers granted asylum and allowed to stay in the u.s. as refugees . 
  the same goes for the european numbers . 
  thus you get the large discrepancies , since germany , for example , gets a lot of asylum seekers ( according to you , 130 000 in 2013 ) , but does not actually accept that many . 
  22,165 were accepted in 2012 , for example . 
  and that number is from eurostat . 
  so around 10 % of asylum seekers in germany are granted asylum and recognized as refugees legally . 
  the rest are put through a process of deportation . 
  the problem with getting solid numbers is that some sources site all 130,000 asylum seekers as refugees , and some do n't . 
  it gets confusing quickly , since the person in question , be they an asylum seeker or someone granted asylum , are both called refugees . 
  throughout my original post , i use the term refugee to mean someone granted asylum . 
  christ , this shit is linguistically confusing . 
  thanks english . 
  i am familiar with sweden doing that . 
  [ sweden , actually , is the country in the eu that accepts the second most refugees per capita \\ ( behind malta \\ ) . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylum_in_the_european_union#cite_note-7 ) the czech green card holder would only count if he applied for and received asylum . 
  you 're not incorrect . 
  the discrepancy comes from terminology .
