that 's the point . 
  charlie hebdo is all about `` l'humour b\u00eate et m\u00e9chant '' ( `` stupid and evil '' ) . 
  that 's one way to make a point . 
  not for everyone , but many people like this type of dark humor . 
  i disagree . 
  for me it clearly shows the huge gap between these refugees ' tragic destiny and the life we have in the west . 
  ( correct me if i 'm wrong , but aylan kurdi 's body was found on a touristic beach . 
  his corpse could totally have ended up just under a macdonald sign , the photograph could have shown european tourists eating a burger on their deckchair . 
  actually i remember seeing pictures like that : of westerners on holiday running towards african migrants who had just reached the beach ... to give them burgers . 
  that was not this year , but a couple of years ago if i remember well ) . 
  i 'm really not trying to be disrespectful of your opinions or mean or caricatural . 
  but when you say  a referendum is an unpredictable/inconsistent binary choice , people vote based on their mood at a specific time i just think it 's an anti-democratic view . 
  * i * said * i * liked this annoucement , and to sum up why i said `` because it 's democratic '' . 
  which does n't mean that people who express nuanced arguments such as for example `` one week may be a bit short '' , or `` on such serious issues people need to be able to find all relevant informations in order to form a opinion '' are anti-democratic . 
  i did n't mean `` i like the idea , i think it 's democratic : if you do n't like the idea , then it means you 're anti-democratic '' . 
  ( i feel like it would a bit like me saying that since you believe i have a binary logic , you believe people who make a choice between two options have a binary logic , instead of a formed opinion . 
  `` do you accept the tro\u00efka deal ? 
  '' , `` do you want sarkozy or hollande for president ? '', 
  no matter how you answer , since you gladly agreed the opportunity to give an answer , it 's binary and limited . 
  ( well yes , for instance i found the sarkozy/hollande choice not ideal , far from perfect , but i chose to vote anyway . 
  it 's still better than accepting what a bunch of non elected people would have decided . ), 
  when we were asked about the european constitution in 2005 and we said no , was it because it was too complex for us to understand ? 
  are the ttip negociations kept so secret because it 's too complex for the average joe and will we have to accept it without being able to vote on it once the content is revealed ? 
  what is an easy enough question to ask people then ? 
  choosing a president is complex too . 
  where do we start and where do we stop with such a mentality ? 
  i think it 's a dangerous argument . 
  of course people need to be able to know the details in order to make a decision , i agree with that part of your argumentation , what i disagree with is the idea that in itself a referendum is not good , and that people are too stupid to give an opinion on some complicated issues . 
  yes , you are anti-democratic . 
  sorry if you feel insulted by that but that 's just the truth . 
  you just demonstrated it clearly , it 's not me who is projecting a biaised opinion and `` insulting '' you . 
  i stated elsewhere that i would like to have a say in this too . 
  but the eu is not ready for that it seems ( by `` the eu '' i mean our politicians , not citizens ... ), 
  the referendum is still not about leaving the eurozone though ... 
  the question is not about about grexit though ... do you think the greek situation has been stable with a long term visibility in the past years ? 
  i do n't think that 's the case , i personally blame the tro\u00efka for this , not syriza . 
  i do n't see how asking citizens what they think is coward . 
  on the contrary . 
  yes . 
  how is that stupid ? 
  maybe you should have started with that . 
  ( i think it 's great because it 's democratic , pretty easy ) . 
  ( i also think it 's very different to use a passive-agressive-sarcastic tone towards institutions that are supposed to represent the people and respect their votes vs using this tone in reply to someone who voiced an opinion on a forum and is actually going to read your answer ) . 
  what was your comment supposed to mean then ? 
  are you telling me that was n't passive-aggressive sarcasm ? 
  i accepted it , can i just voice my opinion or is it too much to ask ? 
  yes or no to being screwed over and over again because tina . 
  yeah , i was n't even aware tsipras would make an announcement and i still ca n't believe it . 
  which is telling : they are just doing what politicians should do and i 'm genuinely surprised and happy citizens can have a say in things . 
  hoping for the best . 
  replace  my government with `` our eu institutions '' and i agree , 
  just to clarify : i 'm really glad about this announcement . 
  this is democratic . 
  i would like the eu institutions to ask other european citizens what they think about their decisions too ( french people did n't elect hollande on this program for instance ) . 
  i did . 
  other french people made a different choice : /, 
  i would like to have a say in this too . 
  i know , what am i asking ? 
  democracy ? 
  crazy !, 
  how dare they use democracy ? 
  / s i 'm glad . 
  i do n't know what will happen but that 's a good decision . 
  ** final edit ( 11 pm ) : wow the thread is downvoted and a thread was created just to collectively complain about op . 
  ** i thought french people were the ones always complaining and doing strikes over nothing  you are fucking ridiculous . 
  i ca n't believe i spent time on this comment , when you were complaining just for the sake of it and not looking for constructive and informative comments . 
  since people are asking for a live update summary of events , i 'll try to do it ( but we already have a pretty good reddit live thread i think ) ; ( i 'm french and will be using what is said in the french media ) ; ( please correct my english if necessary ( via pm ? ), 
  and i 'll edit accordingly ) . 
  5pm : seems like people did n't really need an live update comment in the end : only one upvote . 
  ( all the criticism against op were not necessary  i wo n't be updating this comment before a while . 
  i may come back later . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4.45 edit : fran\u00e7ois hollande gave a speech after the end of his defense meeting . 
  he talked about the attack in tunisia ( said there is no link between the two events , no coordination ) , and announced a 3-days high level alert of the vigipirate plan in the is\u00e8re region : to make sure every sensitive places are even more protected . 
  the vigipirate plan is on a high level nationally since january . 
  4:20 pm edit : the decapitated victim was the suspect 's employer . 
  --------------------------------------------------------------- ** summary of the main facts we know at this hour : ** this morning at 9.50 , a loud explosion was heard several kilometers around the perimeter of the `` air products '' factory ( which bottles gas products ) in saint-quentin-fallavier , is\u00e8re , near lyon . 
  the terrorist assasinated someone - who could have been carried along with him in the car - and beheaded him , before putting the head on the fence of the facility . 
  the head was covered in writings , and one or two black `` flag ( s ) '' were risen nearby . 
  the victim is manager of a nearby good transport society ( edit : he was the suspect 's employer ) . 
  he may have been on the site of the factory for a delivery . 
  the car used by the terrorist may have been stolen to the victim , it had athorization to enter the site . 
  the terrorist did a `` rodeo '' in the factory car-park , before launching his car at high speed into a rack filled with gas bottles , which created the explosion that injured 2 factory workers . 
  he then tried to open gas bottles to spark a much larger explosion , but was stopped by a voluntary fireman who arrived quickly on the site , and who was lightly injured during the fight . 
  the suspect was then arrested . 
  he refused to talk at first but then revealed his identity and allegedly claimed he is a member of isis . 
  his name is yassin ( e ) salhi [ ( e ) in parenthesis because there have been different spellings in the medias ] . 
  he 's a 35 year-old married french man of moroccan origin , with 3 children , who lives in saint-priest , not far from the scene of the attack ( 20 kms ) . 
  he did n't have any criminal record but was known by the french intelligence services : he had a `` fiche s '' in 2006 because of his profile of religious radicalism ( he was close to salafist group ( s ) ) . 
  but , in 2008 , after 2 years of close surveillance by the dgse , his `` fiche s '' was not renewed because no evidence showed any link to terrorism . 
  ( now the media also report on several notes of the dgse in 2013 and 2014 : his profile was again studied because of signs of radicalization , but again nothing substancial was found during the investigations ) . 
  the suspect 's wife has been arrested at her home and is currently being interrogated . 
  another person is being interrogated ( identity not revealed ) . 
  other relatives are being investigated . 
  we do not know at this hour whether the suspect received any logistic support from accomplices , or if other planned attacks exist . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------- other facts : fran\u00e7ois hollande ~ ~ is currently ~ ~ in a defense meeting at the elys\u00e9e in paris [ edit : finished now ] , organizing the coordination with the main ministers and surveillance services ( after leaving the euro group meeting in brussels ) . 
  prime minister manuel valls who is currently in colombia announced that he 's coming back to france . 
  they both gave short speeches quiclky , along with bernard cazeneuve , french interior minister , who is on the site , following the investigations . 
  the black and white `` flags '' and writings found on the scene are being translated and analysed . 
  edit : the `` flags '' were not `` official '' isis flags , but pieces of black cloth with added white inscriptions on it . 
  the `` fiche s '' means `` fiche de suret\u00e9 '' : for individuals presenting signs of possible dangerosity .
