  last year i was looking to buy a new car and went to the local skoda dealership . 
  i would n't buy that piece of junk called octavia not even if it was 5k eur . 
  i 've bought a vw jetta instead . 
  strange , and it isn ` t that new , it was launched 3 years ago . 
  logan 2 was launched in 2012 . 
   rather have they tested logan 2 ? 
  because in the pdf it 's the first version , from 10 years ago . 
  yep , the car manufacturer is named after dacia . 
   the ww2 era was just a big mess , every side committed horrible crimes , so it 's not like the present day hungarians use the symbol to remind romanians of the 1940s era . 
  i agree , but people have the tendency to ignore the shit they did and focus on the atrocities done by the other side because everybody wants to be the good guys . 
   the hungarian guard was disbanded ( even though i think they regrouped not long ago ) by the government , so please do n't think the hungarians are actually supporting them . 
  csibi barna 's actions actually hurt transylvanian hungarians more than it helped them , since he makes romanians think all hungarians are like him . 
  his actions ( such as shredding a romanian flag to pieces ) only bring disgrace to hungarians . 
  this kind of behavior affects even worse in areas where the minority is not present . 
  as an example , they do n't think about let say average `` zsolt '' the plummer , but about csibi barna the extremist weirdo . 
   hungarian nationalists are completely retarded and they in no way represent hungarians . 
  they use the great hungary symbol to boost their ego , we ( normal people ) use it to remind our nation that we are still together . 
  it seems that they have something in common with the romanian nationalists . 
  usually the promote the same bs : `` the hungarians want to steal our country , bleah bleah '' ; the sad thing is some kids are attracted by these morons and do stupid things . 
  this propaganda is helping only the politicians on both sides : - `` the romanians want to exterminate us and our culture , vote me to fight for your rights ! '' . 
  - `` those hungarians want to distroy us , vote for us so you wo n't be ashamed that you are an orthodox romanian in your country '' . 
  who cares that huge part of the population is extremely poor and both harghita and covasna counties are below average when we have to fight for our `` survival '' ? 
  that 's because a lot of crap happened in the short period transylvania was part of hungary , in the ' 40 , that 's why we do n't actually like the greater hungary symbols . 
  also , romanian media gives a lot of attention to hungarian extremists like hungarian guard or morons like csibi barna ( some weirdo ) . 
  some years ago there were also a paramilitary training camp ( jobbik funded ? ), 
  were they learned how to use assault fire arms . 
  also , several years ago , a government official said something like `` we do n't exclude a conflict with romania '' , i do n't remember the exact context . 
  [ muawhahaha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7edeoeuxdmu ), 
  if you read my comment , the quote says religion equality and recognition as a fourth `` nation '' . 
  just read the `` habsburg rule '' section of this page https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_transylvania and you 'll find a lot more . 
   lack of political equality between romanians and other transylvanian ethnic groups i do n't live in the past , this is just history , and ignoring stuff just to make a side as the good guys is not helping anyone . 
   that 's why in the medieval hungary the romanians lived peacefully with hungarians they lived as second-class citizens . 
   in 1791 the romanians petitioned emperor leopold ii for religious equality and recognition as a fourth `` nation '' in transylvania ( supplex libellus valachorum ) ; the transylvanian diet rejected their demands , restoring the romanians to their marginalised status, 
  one austrian was enough for germany ... 
  you might be right in some way ; due to russian propaganda , most moldovans do n't consider themselves romanians , however ethnically speaking , they are . 
  the vast majority of romanians ( i 'm against it ) that are pro-unification will never actively pursue this , we do n't have extremist groups like the hungarian guard . 
  but , the situation is different , hungarians are a minority in transylvania , and any territorial claims are not possible without having a huge romanian population . 
   we used to have one anti-hungary politician several years ago , but he was n't taken very seriously and many people even created parodies based on his speeches so did we 15 years ago , now is just a clown , his party did n't got any seats in the parliament . 
  the officials are also saying that or only some dudes on za internetz ? 
   i wonder how would the romanians feel if they one day wake up without transylvania . 
  or the slovaks if their country disappeared . 
  yeah , that never happened . .  in august 1940 , hungary gained about 40 % of transylvania by the vienna award , with the arbitration of germany and italy . 
  also , have you 've heard of moldova ? 
  but yeah , saying bs just to get some votes from the hungarian citizens from romania will only help the community here . 
  you are probably thinking about mom & pops farms , just look [ what they are doing in italy . 
  ] ( http://www.corriere.it/english/14_ottobre_23/romanian-slave-workers-forced-to-abort-c0e2eb54-5aa4-11e4-a20c-1c0cce31a000.shtml?refresh_ce-cp ) in 2014 , in italy , people are treated as slaves . 
  i 've heard on the news that some were also executed and their bodies burned . 
  and those people have n't been arrested and forced to pay the damage they caused ? 
  jesus fugding christ , only in a third world country you could see something like this , i still ca n't believe that 's france . 
  not to mention the assault on the driver , it 's unbelievable . 
  come on dude , everybody knows that only french farmers are allowed to export produce . 
  how dare you to export in other countries ? 
  on another note , in my local auchan are selling watermelons from greece with 0.2 eur yet the local farmers 80km away are selling them with 0.09 eur in bulk . 
  the farmers from another county are leaving them on the fields because they do n't find buyers . 
  i do n't see any people attacking and destroying other people property , not even in a country as primitive as w. europe thinks it is . 
  only a really special kind of person could set on fire 200 alive lambs , considering how cute they are . 
  eurounicorns ? 
  such a waste of food ... and to think that millions of people , even in europe , have problems putting food on the table ... 
  godammit , now i want to buy a bike and move to netherlands ... 
  in ro is 24 % and in hungary is 27 % . 
   when we got the funds back in the 90s , most people wasted on houses and cars instead of machines for agriculture the same thing happened in my grandparents village too . 
  some guy took 200k eur in 2008 and kept the money . 
  he was sentenced several months ago to 6 years in prison . 
   online education could help ( duolingo , khan academy , something like that ) . 
  i know a 20 yo guy and i said the same thing to him . 
  there are a lot of free resources online , he could at least learn english , work for 6 month or a year in eu and with the money and some eu funds build a farm or something . 
  he 's answer was something in the lines of `` come on dude , i does n't matter , it 's pointless '' . 
  it 's sad actually , the main problem is also their mentalities . 
  and you ca n't change that easily . 
   very good point . 
  maybe the option then is helping them build infrastructure and getting better education first , as it was done with portugal in the past . 
  education and infrastructure is the only option , however in our case there are some issues : - only the kids with extremely lower educational achievements are going to high schools focused on agriculture . 
  these high schools are just a formality , they do n't actually learn anything because the teachers are actually putting them to work some field , or something like that instead of pushing them to access eu funds for legitimate farms/businesses in this sector . 
  - most teachers are useless in the rural area ; some time ago there was a reportage in a small village where the english teacher did n't knew how to pronounce the `` h '' in english - an legit english teacher in her 30 's with all exams passed . 
  those 7-8 yo kids of course will fall behind when even the teacher does n't know the language . 
  - the kids that follow normal high schools that fail the bacalaureat ( sat-like exams taken after highschool ) usually return to their home village and start to help their parents in agriculture . 
  bureaucracy does n't help either , since the average romanian does n't even know how to access the eu funds , not to mention the farmers ( which are also very pessimist regarding eu funds ) . 
   140k i thought they are 60k . 
  in theory you might be right , however you are not taking in consideration the culture . 
  i do n't know how 's ukraine but people that work in agriculture here are really against optimization , associations and improvements - actually , do n't accept changes easily . 
  as an example , let 's take the village were my grandparents are living were the population is living only from agriculture . 
  since each family has a piece of land were they plant potatoes , cabbages and watermelons , they barely make enough money to sustain themselves because everybody sells the same produce in the same time , causing the prices to drop because the demand is lower than the offer . 
  because there are n't any associations , each family produce small quantities of produce that it 's sold very cheap . 
  actually it 's a vicious circle , they plant small portions manually , they ca n't afford machineries because they plant small portions of land and because the product is very cheap . 
  as an example , a friend of mine just brought 300 kg of watermelons for 25 eur ( yeah , he really likes watermelons ) from some farmers from a nearby village . 
  just imagine how much watermelons they need to sell in order to buy a tractor , taking also in account the costs to produce them . 
  well , those are companies in the private sector , you ca n't force them to use the workforce from a specific country , it may seem that 's the right thing , but it 's not . 
  yes i see your point , for example i drive a vw and shop only in french and german shops , while the local businesses are dying slowly because they did n't adapted mostly because the large supermaket chains are located within the city , not outside as in other countries . 
  there 's no point buying from the local store when you could walk 5 minutes to the nearest big ass auchan . 
  at the moment , romania is one of those countries for outsourcing jobs , hell i 'm actually working at one . 
  but you do n't know what will happen in the future and if ( more like `` when '' ) ukraine and moldova join eu , a lot of these contracts will be redirected to them . 
  i do n't have anything to do but to accept this fact . 
  yeah , we do n't know russian ... 
   comparing her pension , with the average is quiet wrong . 
  in greece there are some pensions that are ridicoulously high ( due to the old governments unwillingness to adjust this ) and most are really low . 
  a pension of 350 euro is very common in greece . 
  but yeah , who cares ... my grandfather has parkinson , suffering from dementia and his pension is 80eur ; although his medicine are partly supported by his insurance , if he did n't have a family , he would probably starve to death . 
  but yeah , who cares ...  i feel sympathy for the former soviet blocks , but i do not think it should be a race to the bottom . 
  my problem is that greece right now has no prospects of getting better compared to the balkan countries . 
  all hope is gone for greece , yet we hear romania at al moving forward , even slowly .
