  you are not informed , next year we have elections and the populist government has to look good ; that 's why they reduced the vat to 9 % for food and planning to reduce it to 19 % from 24 % ; does n't matter the deficit will be higher than 3 % . 
  we have that low unemployment rate because the young population emigrated in italy , spain , germany and uk because they did n't have a job , or were payed peanuts - you ca n't support a family when you are earning 180eur/month . 
  we are talking about 2.5 milion people - active population ; to understand better what it means , currently there are 4.5 mil employees . 
  also , keep in mind that those workers left someone behind ; do you know how many children are depressed or committed suicide because their parents left them in order to feed them ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that the greeks should be in the same situation , i do n't wish to anybody to be in this situation ; i just ca n't stand hearing that the `` humanitarian '' bs the greek guvernment is promoting when ro and bulgaria are living worse than you . 
  greece is not doomed as moldova is ( given as example because it 's the poorest country in europe and not because i 'm romanian ) , however will take a lot of changes and time to fix the tax fraud mentality and other issues ; what you must understand that the days have changed ; trust me , nobody easily accepts that they are poor . 
  [ btw , welcome to east europe , or balkan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifav7tkll60 ) . 
   you should also take into account that a lot of greeks that earn a wage do n't actually get paid at the end of the month or have payments delayed for several months like half of my relatives . 
  difference is that my relatives were in this situation for the last 25 years . 
  and yes , they had minimum wage . 
   greek gdp per capita is $ 18,863 . 
  even if it drops by half it 's still livable . 
  also , they have warmer climate and do n't need heating to survive the cold . 
  i do n't think it 's that low . 
  heck , even romania 's gdp per capita is higher than that , and the greeks are richer than us . 
  or you could just get a vasectomy as normal people do . 
   projects only to the nations we can help stabilise so their peoples do n't want to leave yes , give more money to corrupt people . 
  just because they are ngos , it does n't mean that money is also used for helping innocent people . 
  the same thing applies to romanian ngos funded by foreigners to help the stray dogs . 
  if it was up to me , yes . 
   i imagine their numbers have risen at least a couple thousand in the past 13 years . 
  based on what information , or do you think romania is a popular destination for immigrants ? 
  according [ to this wikipedia article ] ( https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/comunitatea_musulman\u0103_din_bucure\u0219ti ) in the 2011 census , they were  43 279 in constanta county and 9037 in bucharest from the pics , the church is n't that big . 
  given the fact that the state offered 11000 square meters , clearly is not even on the same level with the church you 've mentioned . 
  plus , you are basically comparing one church with the 10 mosque that are already built and saying that the super-mosque is necessary . 
  is that church located in the central area of pristina ? 
  i doubt that . 
  in bucharest already are 10 mosque , it is n't like do n't have where to practice their religion . 
  also , the population is very small , around 9000 . 
  the majority of the muslim population lives in dobrogea region . 
  great , let me know when there will be 10 as in bucharest for a 0.49 % minority and planning a mega church in the center of pristina built on a 10 mil eur land . 
  no offence , the entire kosovo has a smaller population than bucharest . 
  however , in kosovo live alot of non-muslims whereas in bucharest only 9000 . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  bucharest has a population of 2 mil people , of that only 9000 are muslims . 
  as you already said , there are already 10 mosques in bucharest . 
  why should we give a property that 's worth ~ 10 mil eur to build some huge useless building in the center of the capital for a minority that actually does n't need it ? 
  why is it built in the center of the capital and not in dobrogea , where the muslim population is larger ? 
  as for the cathedral , i fugding hate it ; it 's useless building but because bor ( the romanian church ) acts more like a corporation with alot of supporters we ca n't do anything about it . 
  no offence dude , israeli politicians are also a bit xenophobe . 
  i remember a scandal from several years ago in which an politician son wanted to marry a non-jewish girl . 
  people will literally explode over that . 
  do n't you live in swedistan ? 
  behave !, 
  in your second link is he saying something about gypsies ? 
  well , according to wikipedia . .  romania is a central european country known for the forested region of transylvania , preserved medieval towns, 
  i 've spent a summer in the country side , at my grandparents house when i was younger . 
  one day there was some kind of festivity , i do n't remember , and after some fireworks ; all of a sudden , i hear my 70 years old drunk neighbour screaming from the top of his lungs from his backyard `` the russians are coming , the russians are coming aaaaa , give me my pitchfork !!, 
  aaagh !, 
  it is n't that high , i had the impression that 's at least 400 eur net . 
   turkey , no offense , has more of a tradition of being a power yeah , unlike spain , italy , france and england . 
  do n't you have some bosnians to kill ? 
  you ca n't compare romania with turkey , they have a huge population and has borders with countries like syria . 
  that part of the world will always have security related issues whereas romania is extremelly safe on the same level as sweden or netherlands . 
  not really . 
  it 's more like w-e germany . 
  a country split in 2 by soviet russia . 
  also , currently our country looks like a fish . 
  maybe niche party 's might help in some situations . 
  in case of the pirate party , imho , they should instead focus on issues related to it industry , e-commerce , government platform implementations and improvements . 
  let 's be honest , everybody uses computers , it 's not a small niche . 
  also , i do n't think that the pirate party purpose is to have a majority in the parliament . 
  it should be focused on fixing issues in which the current old politicians are unapt . 
  but how does a party like this moved in the gender politics ? 
  it 's like a oil company decided to enter the fast food industry . 
  too bad , eu really needs new clear laws on how country institutions are present online and encouraging oss . 
  for example , a lot of institutions in my country are still using windows xp and last year the government spent a lot of money to extend the support for those licenses , from what i remember . 
   i think it 's because they are n't well integrated into society . 
  i do n't think so , it is n't like they lived in caves back home . 
   they also have no lobby/association presence in the country , afaik , which could protect them , and educate the masses ( jews have the crif , people of african origins have sos racisme etc ) . 
  hmm ... that might be it . 
  you just ca n't openly say that `` ukip warnings over jewish and black influx ` nonsense ' says minister as number with jobs in uk falls after work curbs lifted '' ( replaced romanian and bulgarian with jewish and black ) . 
   they usually live in poor conditions , they 're often reported to steal , generate violence in order to save up some money since they usually have jobs in agriculture , are living in a room with other x immigrants . 
  for example , a childhood friend went to germany to work in agriculture . 
  we was earning 6eur/hour and payed 9 eur/day to live in a room with other several immigrants . 
  after 3 weeks he returned home since the farm were he worked did n't need him anymore . 
  usually , the media does n't report the integrated immigrants ( eg . 
  my cousin is working as a doctor in france ) . 
  as for the immigrants commiting crimes , i think the police should ask the home country 's police assistance ( free of course ) to send several policemen for an unlimited time in those areas - pair several each of them with 3 local police officers - it could benefical for exchanging experience also . 
  it is n't normal for some people to just go in a foreign country and act as they are above the law ; that 's why i think eu has to make some changes in order to adapt for these situations . 
  just giving them money to return home does n't work , as your former president did . 
  what happened ? 
  it 's kinda funny imho how antisemitism is not accepted ( and it should n't be ) but xenophobia towards eastern europeans is tolerated . 
   either way , in europe today domestic politics and european politics are converging . 
  what the european commission and european parliament increasingly effects all the member states , and the senior politicians of the member states ( especially the finance ministers and prime ministers/chancellors/presidents ) increasingly have a job setting the agenda across all of europe . 
  better than the morons we have here . 
  yep , more followers is what we need ... well , at least they wo n't attack us since we are too poor and irelevant . 
  this will stop only when europe and their home countries will be on the same level . 
  unlike eastern european countries like mine ( ro ) who gave up a part of their sovereignty , eu does n't have a say in their country affairs . 
  giving refugee status does n't help also . 
  only afganistan and pakistan have a population over 210 mil , europe really ca n't handle all of them . 
  how can you integrate them ( or why should we accept them ) when these people are barely speaking english , not to mention the language in their country of destination . 
  keep dreaming guys . 
  romania is stronk , romania is life . 
  anyhow , you must first do something about those pro car thiefs i hear about that work with the hotel employees . 
  just recently i saw in local media some guy 's car was stolen from the hotel 's parking area in sunny beach . 
  we 've already started a very similar program several months ago in ro . 
  i do n't think it changed something . 
  good idea , let 's fire the people that collect the taxes . 
  only if you are willing to join our crusade against the kebab .
