  bad news dude , winter is coming . 
  pretty hard to live in a tent in the middle of the winter and also studying . 
  well , they ca n't even speak your language ... 
  that 's what he says ... 
  who would want to live in a third world country like denmark ? 
  come on guys , show some compassion . 
  it is , but these people are the ones that blow themeselves up for nothing . 
  the same ones that fight in a war . 
  compared with that , this is nothing . 
  it might be the rich , but equipment , food and other expenses are also high . 
  however , i do n't think they could do it with 2-300 people . 
  it 's just a lot less expensive to send x persons ( not important ones ) and if 30 % succeed , it 's still better than spending a lot of money on fake passports . 
  the guy looks older than me and i 'm 24yo . 
  without any kind of identification papers ? 
  it was 1 year [ suspended sentence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suspended_sentence ) so he did n't go to prison . 
  in fact , just last month became the president of the biggest political party . 
  i do n't think so , romania is the second poorest country in eu . 
  sounds like dreptate si adevar . 
  update from his lawyer :  said he was mandated to clarify that the mayor sorin oprescu has never asked anyone for money , either directly or through intermediaries , the defender adding that allegations of bribery of dna prosecutors are unfounded, 
  craiova is in dolj not olt . 
  uhm ... forced sterilizations ? 
  or prejudice , 
  in your first comment you implied that we are racists ( since a lot of swedes complained about this in other unrelated threads ) and i just explained that its not a simple as you might think . 
  and what do you think will happen when they will find out that they cant have a job ? 
  trust me , nothing good . 
  in order to change this culture , the only way is to focus on the children and their education . 
  the adults mentalities cant be changed , without impressive involvement on both sides . 
  in order to do so , all children living in toxic environments should be removed from that environment and taken care of by the government . 
  however , romania is not sweden and simply cant afford the costs . 
  we are not talking about 1k kids , but several hundres thousands . 
  instead of working with the romanian police , go on complaining , for sure that will change something . 
  also , keep giving money to the beggers , the human traffickers really need those new mansions . 
  catch up to what ? 
  we never did that to them . 
  the communists even tried to integrate them forcefully and failed . 
  they have the same rights like us and more . 
  they are here for hundreds of years just like the hungarian , tatar or other minorities . 
  its not our fault that their culture contradicts normal social values . 
  singing cumbaya and giving money its not the answer . 
  do i need to remind you that sweden sterilized their roma population 40 years ago ? 
  not even the romanian communists did that . 
  they have special places in every highschool and college , yet those places remain unoccupied or by kids with minimum grades required to pass.you might say that because they are poor , but even the poorest peasent sends his kids to highschool or college . 
  scumbags come in every color and nationality . 
  rasist germans !, 
  she was staying with her aunt that probably has a job in sweden . 
  in my opinion it does n't seem fair that although the aunt is paying taxes and contributions , her neece is not allowed to use that system . 
  even he kills someone or convicted for some serious shit ? 
  maybe he was just hungry . 
  still waaaay bigger than ours . 
  come on , everybody knows that women have too many rights . 
  how dare them walking on the streets without a man , even worse without a burka . 
  just shameful, 
  why should the europeans give up that right and not properly protect the outer borders ? 
  all eu members should chip-in protecting it . 
  refugee or not , people should not be allowed to willy-nilly cross the borders as they wish , crossing the entire fricking continent . 
  because russia did n't stop to mess around with other countries . 
  just because the urss fell , it does n't mean that soviet system left . 
  why even now the average russian thinks about urss as their golden years despite the fact that they literally killed millions of innocent people ? 
  i do n't remember seeing the germans saying about nazism the same thing . 
  countries joined nato by their own choice , it was n't imposed on them as the communism . 
  they were n't occupied like red army did . 
  russia has no right to influence our internal affairs or territory . 
   acknowledged . 
  it 's time to rent some kids !, 
  or to make loooove , since every european country has a problem with natality . 
   we 've got a ruling elite that has kept power from 1989 onward ( that 's 25 years , folks ) through a system of corruption , organized crime , a strict enforcement of mindless party loyalty and electoral fraud . 
  like every east european country . 
   1.2 billion eur on building a highway that 's really worth half as much the same thing is happening here too . 
   plus , these things are not only up to us - every time montenegro 's ruling elite was at a risk of losing power , it received political support from the us and the eu . 
  without this support , i 'm a 100 % certain , our long-awaited change of government would have already happened by now . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  if it was n't us/eu , it was russia or other country . 
   there 's a dictator in montenegro , and he 's able to keep pillaging my already impoverished country 's economy because of indifference on part of the international community - us and eu especially . 
  and you want us or eu to fix your problems ? 
  us and eu do n't care about corruption and people as long as montenegro is stable . 
   problem is more about a better distribution across european countries . 
  and leave to germany or sweden as soon as they arrive . 
  let say that for a country that 's not in shengen like mine it 's harder , but how about countries that are ? 
  how do you keep them when they can simply cross a border without checks ? 
   has any one of these idiots considered how nigeria is going to feed 1 billion people ? 
  humanitarian aid , of course . 
  then what 's the point of the borders when everybody can enter a country ? 
  it sounds nice and fluffy , but in practice eu ca n't do anything because they are sovereign countries . 
  for example , last month a business man was accused of bribing government officials to pass a gd specially created for himself , if it was n't for the eu that opposed it , that scumbag would succeded . 
  and what about those ski resorts in syberia ? 
  may i join you ? 
  safety is not what they are looking for . 
  by entering ilegally in a country , they demonstrate that they do n't give a shit about the laws . 
  yelling aloha snakbar also does n't help ; it 's not us that have to change , it 's them . 
  to be fair i always thought that all germans yodel, 
  never heard of that word before / s. 
   as someone who is considering moving to romania i want details . 
  next year in octomber , i think . 
  doesnt suprise me since they given asylum to a pedophile that fled my country to escape jail in 2005 , i think . 
   romanians with vampires [ motherf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmui7ahel_4 ) ... 
  sounds like rachiu and some people call it rachi ( pronnounced as raki , rakiu ) , in the south-west part of romania . 
  but they usually call it tzuica, 
  is there something to see in split in octomber ? 
  yep, 
   mickey mouse i like this [ one ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cdxockbidli/vawsdrt9u5i/aaaaaaaaajm/t7u2blgexce/s1600/ponta_mouse.jpg ) and this [ one ] ( http://www.timesnewroman.ro/files/attach/images/stories/ponta-mickey-mouse.jpg ) .
