let 's hope for our british friend that statement is in fact a sex tape . 
  ` cuz nobody likes you . 
  some years ago , some performed some training in romania , close to the bulgarian border . 
  some dgse parachutists landed in bulgaria by mistake . 
  long story short , some bulgarian farmers thought that they were thieves stealing their crops and beat the crap out of them . 
  how much a decent apartment costs and how much it 's the rent for a similar one ? 
  also , is n't maintenance included in the rent ? 
  here a lot of people take loans spread over 20-30 years ; it just costs the same as renting a similar apartment . 
   i make # 35 an hour / # 50 before taxes , right ? 
  maybe that law also applies to their father , mother , brothers and sisters not only for their wife and kids ? 
  just asking . 
  why do n't they build more houses ? 
  it is n't like they are giving them away for free . 
  to be fair , i was expecting other kind of nsfw ... to be more precise , something with more aloha snakbar in it and more red substance ... 
  if you can not afford an leprechaun , one will be appointed for you before any questioning , if you wish . 
  average wage in slovenia is 3 times bigger than ours . 
  so ... not really that poor . 
  and who said that swedes are racist ? 
  and that 's what stops your police to arrest those assholes ? 
  and that 's what stops your police to arrest those assholes ? 
   but what incentive to lie should a high-ranking executive of a well-known aid organization have ? 
  more support and donations from people , duuh . 
  dumb question : how can someone make those drawings , especially an american , when we do n't know how he looked like ? 
  i mean , do you draw some dude in black arabic clothes with a turban and a beard and say it 's muhammed ? 
  if so , could n't he simply say later that 's in fact another muhammad ? 
   but our cookies are the best . 
  uhm ... sprinkled with some ... spices ? 
  i find tussenvoegsel very funny because a lot of gypsy singers are having their stage name as the dutch names . 
  for example , [ adi de la valcea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ev6ltwhy4s ) -  adi from valcea -  adi van der valcea . 
  yeah , i had the same reaction 5 mins ago !, 
  more than that , it 's `` fierari '' the plural . 
  how the hell i have n't seen this ? 
  strange , we do n't have that rule , at least i do n't think so . 
  priests here can marry even after . 
  yep , you should send young hungarians to syria to die fighting isis while young syrians flee to germany . 
  [ parlament - e frumoasa foc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0sa1zd9yt8 ), 
  to be fair , hu also supported us to join eu and shengen . 
  i 've always thought that we are hungary 's big nemesis neighbour . 
  apparently they have other nemeses , damn you hungary !, 
  were they also complaining about pizza ? 
  still , funny as shit . 
  complaining about too much pasta in italy . 
  sounds like a interesting movie . 
  if some germans would yell in the background , will be even cooler . 
  i 'm not :d, 
  ~ ~ fuck ... ~ ~ oh , just the diesel engines are affected . 
  good , let 's all blame normal people that want to have something to put on the table instead of the corporations saving billions of eur from unskilled labour . 
  if it were n't the ee , the production will be moved outside of eu anyway . 
  that 's more people willing to leave their country for countries like theirs to work . 
  what i 'm trying to say that there are also advantages for we , it 's not like the ee countries joined only because the richer we did acts of charity . 
  military action is not the best solution for everything . 
  more than that , how can you stabilise a country like syria ? 
  you do n't know who 's the enemy and who 's the ally ? 
  are the rebels better than isis or assad ? 
  who would ran the country ? 
  do you organise democratic elections when they are not used with the democratic principles ? 
  for example , i just saw some records from our first democratic election campaigns in '90 and i was literally shocked what were the arguments pro/against a candidate . 
  let 's say that we decide to have a military action in this country . 
  are young men belgians willing to die in these countries for nothing when a lot of syrian men flee to their country instead ? 
  imho , the best solution is to secure our borders , not just paying huge amounts of money to we companies just for having the thumbs up from eu . 
  it 's not just labour , it 's also about new consumer markets that literally destroyed the local , small , competition while paying their employees minimum wage . 
  do you think that the big corporate hq 's with high payed jobs will also be moved or more likely develop in we countries ? 
  for example , in our case , large supermarket chains entered the market opening huge hypermarkets in the cities while paying 150 eur/month their employees , thus killing small local stores . 
  meanwhile , in we , huge ass hypermarkets can only be opened several km outside of the city . 
  heck , i earn around 800 eur/month after taxes and i 'm in the top 1 % best payed employees in my county . 
  well , the hungarians fixed the issue pretty quickly after they realised that they are in deep shit if they do n't do anything . 
   how has romania helped in lebanon you do realise that 's a country on another freaking continent , right ? 
  is it romania 's duty to help some people from the other side of the planet ?!, 
  there are literally billions of people living in poverty . 
  it 's eu duty to help them ? 
  they are romanian . 
  better ? 
  volleyball time !, 
  that law must be changed . 
  not if he 's a software dev . 
  do you think that saying out of nowhere `` take x immigrations or else we 'll cut your funds '' is a discussion ? 
  romanian government said that we 'll take 1700 people . 
  do you want a solution ? 
  do n't let them in eu from the start or else we 'll face tens of millions from africa and me in the next 10 years . 
  not even in uk , from what i remember , kids from immigrant parents do n't get citizenship . 
  calm down klaus ... 
  you ca n't be evil and like chocolate at the same time . 
  more like a fantasy ... 
  and who says that they need to have a job ? 
  oh , billy , you 're so naive ... people are able to do anything in order to survive : stealing and begging are very popular nowdays . 
  from what i remember , the east-euro immigrants were n't a burden . 
  to be fair , syria is in a civil war , so in a way they also hate themselves . 
  eu does n't have any say on the situation in syria , unlike romania . 
  moreover , they come from a country with a totally different culture , that 's harder to integrate . 
  just look at the video about the german muslims that even after decades have n't changed their mentality . 
  we were n't able to integrate in several hundred years the gypsy minority and you think that integrating some muslims from a culture very different from ours will be easier ? 
  damn you , poland !, 
  not all at once , at least . 
  you 'll be surprised to what people are able to do if they are determined . 
  poland is in schengen . 
  at least we went into space . 
  in yo ' face , poland !, 
  they are not livestock , if they do n't want to live in a country like mine , we ca n't do anything to stop them to move in a country like germany . 
  normally these people should n't even pass the hungarian border . 
  but because of the politics , the hungarians are now seen somehow like heartless racists just because they tried to respect the rules just a bit .
