  also , is n't your minimum wage almost the same as ours ( ~ 264 $ ) ? 
  were n't you also allowed to elect the persons that took that decision for you ? 
  the point is you 've elected some corrupt morons that destroyed your country and now a whole country has to pay because of those decisions . 
   like what ? 
  among others , the vat was increased from 19 % to 24 % on everything ( we did n't had vat based on categories ) . 
  last year they reduce it to 9 % for bread and tourism services and last month on food . 
  the gas prices literally doubled from 2010 to 2014 ; by doing this , all prices went up while the wages are almost the same . 
  if you look at the stats , you are still better off living in athen than in bucharest . 
  because they do n't include all people that do n't have a job , as somebody said before . 
  mostly people doing agriculture or people that do n't receive unemployment aid are not included in those stats . 
  from what i 've heard , 8 mil people in romania are receiving some kind of welfare ; basically 4-5 mil people with jobs are supporting the 8 mil ( most of them living in rural area ) . 
  the rural area in romania have n't changed at all ; most of the people are doing agriculture in the same way they did 200 years ago . 
   results of international test scores timss show that 44 percent of students who appeared in this international exam performed below the lowest international benchmark, 
   footbal couches what the fudge is that ? 
   considering the sheer number of programmers and physicians coming to the eu because the eu does n't have enough qualified people , that 's a pretty simplistic statement . 
  well , duh ... there are 9 bln people on the planet . 
  we are not talking about the number of people , on this level it 's about percentage . 
   the same people who were his targets according to the authorities . 
  this is the part of this case which is not okay for me no , they are n't . 
  the people that attend the parade are the minority romanians , not hungarians . 
  the current church has nothing to do with our cultural heritage . 
  thanks , russia !, 
  ehm ... not really , they spend the money on very expensive cars and new churches . 
  for example , they are building a huge cathedral estimated at 100 mil eur . 
  a lot of people call bor the most profitable corporation in romania . 
  it does n't matter for them that the buildings they won in court are used as highschools , it 's just business for them . 
  they demand money for funerals and other ceremonies , it does n't matter how poor your are , you better pay , or they will refuse to do it . 
  it doesnt count if he didnt detoned it , right ? 
  the problem is that transnistria is not a russian majority ; more like 30 % moldovan/romanian , 30 % ukr , 30 % russian . 
  are you by any chance romanian ? 
  because we have the same exact saying ... 
  lol , according to that , average wage in russia is smaller than in romania ... 
  from what i heard , russia stopped funding transnistria several months ago . 
  how many syrian refugees did uk took ? 
  oh wait , you have the opt-out thingy . 
  that 's why non-eu immigrants have a negative contribution , because of those damn unskilled est europeans . 
  maybe ppp ? 
  because you ca n't learn english in one month . 
  in order to support yourself you 'll have to get a job , you have to sign an contract and read it to understand it . 
  a friend of mine just came back from uk broke because his `` friends '' took advantage of him back there . 
  he worked at amazon for 270 pounds/week ; most of that went to the other guys to pay his debts and rent . 
  well , it 's actually simple . 
  all you 'll need is a pizza , a shaworma and a giro . 
  and they say the germans do n't have a sense of humor ... 
  it 's 1.3 here and we have 24 % vat , not 27 % like you guys . 
  of course , hungary has huge natural oil reserves and we do n't have any . 
  plus , we are waay more richer than you . 
  do the math again . 
  or nipple , in this case ... :d, 
  hah , a friend of mine meets at work germans from time to time . 
  apparently , when he asks them to sign some papers , they say the same joke about buying a washing machine . 
  it was funny the first few times . 
  from what he said , they worked for different companies , so most probably did n't knew each other . 
  is it some kind of popular german joke , or they are just weird ? 
   what do people see in zara ? 
  i am spanish myself and always considered it cheap bad quality clothing . 
  cheap my ass , unless you are willing to pay 100 eur for a pair of jeans and 80 eur for a shit . 
  who ? 
  / s to be honest , i do n't know ; most people my age that i know have heard/watched it on tv or downloaded . 
  now human traffickers know that what they are doing is wrong . 
   we know this because mohamheads first pictures first found in copenhagen '' . 
  that 's gold jerry , gold !, 
  in order to get to germany , they had to illegally cross several eu/non-eu countries . 
  what do you think will happen to me if i would try the same thing ? 
   their school age daughters are offered money for sex . 
  cheap bastards / s, 
  meanwhile in romania ... https://youtu.be/7edeoeuxdmu?t=7s, 
  as long as it 's consensual ... 
  moldova is literally the poorest country in the europe ( the continent ) . 
  boy , you never see a german in the comments section of this kind of articles . 
  awkward silence it is ... 
  they do n't know the language , poor education , death threats . 
  in some cases , if they are working on a farm in the middle of nowhere , they ca n't leave . 
  it 's sad that in 2015 there are still thousands of slaves in europe . 
  east european, 
  not necessary . 
  in my country , gypsies that do n't have assurance are going straight to the er when they have a problem , even if it 's not an urgency ( in order to get free healthcare ) . 
  they might do the same thing in sweden . 
  not only hungarians , a lot of ee people with poor education are caught in these rings . 
  i 've heard stories about romanians in sicilly ( italy ) that were n't allowed to leave ( even killed ) , also the women were working the fields by day , and by night , forced sex slaves ( the employers literally had harems ) . 
  according to some doctors , the abortion rate went up as hell in those regions . 
   and chicken that 's sick ... 
  lool , that 's a good one . 
   despite the hospital , your city looks very pretty as well . 
  nope , the entire city is full of infrastructure projects in progress for years . 
  you might think it 's a good thing . 
  well , it 's not ; the build quality is very bad ( 1 month old road full of bumps ) . 
  if it 's not that , the water company breaks several months old streets to work at the sewage system . 
   romania looks like a very beautiful place overall . 
  i would like to visit and you should ; there are a lot of beautiful and cheap places in romania - especially in the mountain-side . 
  do n't worry bro , we 've made a song to promote your country : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2dri8owamc as you can see , it has 1.4 mil views . 
  romania has several regions ( transilvania , moldova , etc ) . 
  this guy is from oltenia ( thus called oltean ) - like me . 
  his name is jiti ( strange name , maybe a nickname ) . 
  the text means that he will always be romanian no matter where he will go . 
  i 'm actually from craiova too and i have been to this hospital with an infection on my finger ( half of it was yellow , from a nail ) . 
  nobody gave a shit and just ignored me ; i had to take out the puss myself and clean it ( at home , in the bathroom ) with some things i brought from a drugstore . 
  loool, 
  because bribing hungarian , polish , greek , italian officials is actually impossible . 
  the dutch , for example , also do n't want a competitor to their ports .
