very true . 
  it 's kind of weird to be called racist for that though by countries who have more racist traditions and ways of thinking than us . 
  especially because zwarte piet is a fucking awesome role model for the kids . 
  wanting white piet is racist imo . 
  you telling me that black people ca n't be fucking awesome ?!, 
  see ? 
  passionate . 
  just ca n't help myself . 
  well , if you do n't care much for the accuracy . . 
  i live in the netherlands and never felt afraid of them . 
  they 're pretty approachable as well . 
  a lot of youth likes to hang outside our house and litter the place . 
  my dad just calls the police on them now if they 're being rowdy , ever since he had a brick thrown at his head . 
  the police does n't mind checking in and talking to them . 
  explaining that `` hey , it 's 02:00 , people are sleeping so do n't be so loud '' for example . 
  sometimes it helps , sometimes it does n't . 
  i completely agree with you , though it is hard seeing one of those ` dey terk r jerbs ' in action . 
  my dad is 58 now and instead of working as an international truck driver he now has to do local flower trips again . 
  he switched jobs when he was 30 because that job was causing him massive physical problems . 
  it has already resulted in a hospital visit now after only three months of doing this . 
  the one who took over his old job is polish . 
  i like giving them my money though . 
  it 's a legal way to watch shows and movies and the more popular it gets the more content they 'll be able to provide and the bigger of a message it sends to cable companies . 
  i 'd say that i wo n't get cable anymore when i move out , but unfortunately all the isps here bundle it with their internet package . 
  [ these things are the english liquourice abominations ] ( https://marksprikbord.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/liquorice-allsorts.jpg ) and then there 's actual [ liqourice ] ( https://media.margriet.nl/m/r7qrgc96nkf8_article_single.jpg/assorted-black-and-brown-liquorice.jpg ) . 
  i 'm even in a holland and find it annoying . 
  it 's the name of our country in many languages , but not in english . 
  at least it is n't hollandball . 
  i felt betrayed as a kid when someone gave me that . 
  it 's far from actual black licuorice !, 
  of course i do n't . 
  never implied otherwise . 
  but we have to learn from history . 
  and what i 've learned from history is that revenge is not a good thing to have in a legal system . 
  it 's hardly a deterrent . 
  it 's cruel . 
  it 's too easy to convict and harm innocent people . 
  you just do not know how the world works , do you ? 
   if one man is willing to blow himself up and take 10 people with him - how can you wait until he performs that act & how do you punish his dead body ? 
  really ? 
  you 're talking about that question ? 
  did n't realise that you were actually serious about that . 
  you do n't fucking punish someone if they have n't done anything yet . 
  if they 're planning it and there 's proof of that then you obviously arrest them . 
  but without evidence ? 
  just no . 
  that 's the highway to a strict police state . 
  and obviously there 's no punishing the dead unless you want to do something completely unreasonable and go after their family . 
  what did you have in mind in this situation then ? 
  yeah , totally robbing you here . 
  so why do n't you defend your opinion then ? 
  got any reasonable arguments for it or just emotional ones ? 
  you said it was brilliant . 
  personally i do n't think any legal system with an eye for an eye way of punishment is brilliant . 
  it 's based on revenge , on emotions . 
  it 's a barbaric practice that should n't be practiced in modern society . 
  you complain about people downvoting you due to emotions . 
  how about people just do n't agree with you ? 
  so you want a code where the punishment is based on class and wealth ? 
   the code issues justice following the three classes of babylonian society : property owners , freed men , and slaves . 
  for example , if a doctor killed a rich patient , he would have his hands cut off , but if he killed a slave , only financial restitution was required . 
  yeah , sounds brilliant . . 
  good . 
  i can definitely understand * why * someone would wan na beat up this guy , but actually doing so is assault . 
  there are other ways to deal with situations like this . 
  overall reddit seems very pro violence . 
  eye for an eye seems the preferred way to deal with crime . 
  raped someone ? 
  get your dick cut off and enjoy being raped yourself !, 
  and murdering someone in police custody is perfectly acceptable because someone so horrible does n't deserve a trial . 
  oh , and if you walk away from a fight then you 're a pussy . 
  also if you do n't pick a fight with someone insulting your girl . 
  so you bought very old cheese ? 
  no wonder then , enough people that do n't like that . 
  try jong belegen or belegen instead . 
  holland just sounds so ... oubollig . 
  i definitely prefer using the netherlands and know many others who would . 
  i 'm not . 
  just had 4 eggs for breakfast . 
  the ones i have are n't on the list but even if they were i really doubt that it 'll have any effect on my health at all . 
  yes it does . 
  have you never even experienced the awesomeness that is socks with sandals then ? 
  you do n't get sweaty . 
  you do n't get too hot or cold . 
  though if you do get too hot you can always take off your socks ( which i 've only done when at the beach ) . 
  looks normal to me . 
  and at least she does n't look fake like so many politicians/celebrities do . 
  i have ugly purple birckenstock sandles . 
  they 're so awesome !, 
  they were like 70 % off when i bought them . 
  still trying to find another pair that 's so cheap . 
  because they 're more airy . 
  nah , they 'll go to lisse as well . 
  jup , it 's just decriminalised . 
  we really should legalise that shit already , we 're far from progressive at that point nowadays . 
  i want my taxes to go to the monthly migration from brussels to strasbourg and back . 
  now that 's a much better use of  100 million euro than something silly like saving lives . 
  well , there is a strip of land along the coast that is above water level and wo n't be flooded like the rest . 
  hopefully the ones that died did so in their sleep . 
  fire , so lack of oxygen ?
