bravery is my third name, 
  in after libertards justifying this . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  that we give our money for free to you ? 
  verily, 
  100 % finnish you assburgerii l2read, 
  is this russia bash week or what, 
  england talking about economy , the shit calling the vomit smelly, 
  they are killing our habbo angry birds industry, 
  tltr, 
   tltr, 
   well it happened somehow by accident . 
  germany has actually created an ` accidental empire ' . 
  : ----- ddddd, 
  sweden yes, 
   christianity did n't invent marriage , actually the institution of marriage predates recorded human history . 
   since matrimony is n't a religious tradition i am actually screencapping this to have some laughs because not even young earth creationists are this stupid . 
   christian marriages are one thing , and civil marriages ( or unions ) other . 
  civil marriages only exist because christian marriages exist . 
  which is retarded . 
  in fact , redditards bigots are just imitating christian bigots . 
   apart from that , france is debating about child adoption for homosexual couples . 
  see ? 
  now this affects 3rd persons and not just a couple . 
  if i was french , could i make sure that my son does n't end with a same sex marriage ? 
  because this is indeed a retarded discussion ; atheists and/or homosexual should not even think on marriage at all , it is a step backward for them . 
  also christianity invented marriage as we know it today and it 's their traditions and you have no right to change it . 
  but it does n't matter , all redditards want is to attack religion while some true serious shit like cyprus is happening . 
  you truly are the most gullible fools only comparable to americans that say that the earth is plain . 
   the finns would rather be in a union with russia than sweden . 
   nope . 
  actually , yes , fuck off . 
  finnish is a shitty , complicated language to keep foreigners away . 
  works like a charm . 
  cypru 's choice : uk . 
  not being in the euro and still having shitty economy . 
  it 's amazing how such little island can do so much harm . 
  well , this is the first step to get rid of the piiggs once and for all . 
  hahahahahaha no, 
  atheism is le epic for the win brohoof / ), 
  and finland . 
  as planned . 
  inb4 swedish immigrant apologists, 
  aah northpolian rebbitor retard :-d, 
  sweden yes . 
   do you think nationality is like a subscription to an internet group-on service for the purpose of maximizing your benefit options ? 
  actually , this is what nationalities have become . 
  like fucking pokemons , got ta catch 'em all . 
  yeah no the csu would n't even exist if bavaria split from germany up . 
  why would this party , and i assume in flanders , scotland , etc , kill their golden cow of votes and their pseudo-sect political movement that ensures that every bad decision they make can be blamed on the country government but every success can be taken from the regional government ? 
  this is a sham and everyone who follow this are retards . 
  true countries with true nationalist movements like suomi are already a country , because our country is not based on lies and greed . 
  do the final destination challenge . 
  go to a train station , in the reiseb\u00fcro , and buy a ticket for the next ice . 
  be sure not to see where it is going to . 
  paris , rome , warsaw , kiev , copenhagen , wien ... possibilities are endless, 
  let 's change the name to debtiterranean sea . 
   software developer germany . 
  turkey in the eu so it collapses even faster, 
  e/b/in : -- dddddddddddd, 
  still ca n't beat oliver & benji, 
  sweden yes . 
  domino effect, 
  at last a black pope, 
  it 's called irony something that sperglords like you can not detect . 
  sweden finally got their shit togheter . 
  sweden yes . 
  perhaps when we kick catalonia out of the eu they will finally be so poor that they wo n't be able to afford internet , and these hourly shitposts will dissapear . 
  it is also pretty difficult to go mannheim-n\u00fcrnberg despite being even closer . 
  it 's just one hour and a half with a car , 3 hours and a half with a train . 
  where is my money i need a new camaro get back to work sp\u00fcrdosp\u00e4rd\u00f6sp\u00f6rol\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6l\u00f6, 
  the debts grease, 
  thankfully * , the world would not last more than a year with redditards on charge . 
  so you buy his books where he tells you the truth about the entire universe and how you should behave . 
  think i 've seen this before . 
  we need to teach reddit multiracial transexual philosophy to our kids or else they will become brainwashed religious nutjobs !, 
  against . 
  i like how the map is in finnnish except germany, 
  he 's just a marketer for retards that want to pretend to be intelligent . 
  perhaps selling greek clay could save them from the crisis . 
   regards , the other nordic countries . 
  ah no , the only one who is getting kicked out of the nordic union is you . 
  we already have found a new comical relief , estonia . 
  jesus christ how brainwashed are people here to downvote you . 
  is there anything finland is not # 1 at ? 
  let 's give democracy so i can vote for finland 's interests without thinking on the uk or greece or romania ... oh, 
  northern europeans are against the euro because they have to pay for the south . 
  southern europeans are against the euro because they have to obey the north . 
  and now germany , the only country that is actually profiting for the euro , wants out ? 
   some georgians visited * churches * in gori this week to mark the 60th anniversary of stalin 's death, 
  there would be such a big shitstorm with this map . 
  the conservatives . 
  portuguese quality post, 
  es energy drink, 
  do we really need mods ? 
  let the community moderate itself with the votes . 
  mods are just powerhungry and biased . 
  you have been banned by davidreiss666 . 
  reason : stop opressing my freedom . 
  * you can only fish 100 fishes because you are severely damaging the markets and the enviroment .
