  \u0421\u0442\u0430\u043b\u0438\u043d\u043a\u0438 is where it 's at . 
  bigger , better , ca n't actually hear your neighbor whisper . 
  they remind me of german altbaus . 
  same here . 
  all iranians i know are affectionate , non-religious and hard-working people . 
  used in dresden as well . 
  i absolutely love the name . 
  tried pellini arabica bio once and ca n't drink anything else since then . 
  very good coffee . 
  well done , italy . 
  wait , why was blackcurrant illegal in the us ? 
  russian here , thank you for the kind words !, 
  they like to play music way too loud , otherwise zero problems whatsoever . 
  not sure if i 'll be able to tell the joke though . 
  this is terrible . 
  i 've been living in germany since early 2000s , can acoustically understand almost every accent and dialect perfectly fine , but in writing ? 
  no chance . 
  i was raised in siberia . 
  it 's my jam , baby . 
  what ? 
  if i ask for water i pay for it , but i 've never payed when asking for tap water . 
  ireland or scandinavian countries . 
  hate the heat here sometimes . 
  what kind of cheese do you use for poutine ? 
  i mean , i 'm for the ban . 
  the problem is there 's a difference between a light slap and full-blown abuse , and some parents cross that line . 
  i personally will never hit my kids . 
  couple times , totally deserved , never held it against my parents . 
  there are some good local breweries - brewdog , vagabund . 
  and they opened stone brewery a month or so ago !, 
  owls are not what they seem !, 
  posted it before . 
  my great-grandfather had to flee from ukraine to siberia with his wife and children . 
  the rest of his big jewish family was executed by the nazis . 
  other great-grandfather 's family fled from latvia to kazakhstan , other 's from poland to novosibirsk . 
  a lot of deaths and fleeing . 
  i love salmon . 
  however , it 's quite expensive compared to meat , so i ca n't buy it as often as i want . 
  incorrect . 
  being raised in novosibirsk - it 's not that different from western russian cities . 
  not fought . 
  my great-grandfather 's family were jews in odessa , ukraine . 
  he managed to escape to siberia with his wife and two children ( one of which is my grandmother ) , and literally every other member of his family has been executed . 
  also , couple of years ago i 've made a huge mistake by trying to hitchhike through spain ( valencia - pyrenees ) . 
  in 10 days exactly 3 cars pulled over and every single driver said i 'm crazy and no-one stops for hitchhikers . 
  the pyrenees were magnificent though . 
  thankfully , not too many left of them . 
  occasional protests are really small . 
  to add to this , in most places you can get a small one ( 0,3 l ) or a normal one ( 0,5 l ) . 
  so when ordering you 'd say `` ein kleines/gro \u00dfes _ beer-brand _ bitte '' . 
  to add to it , there 's a may festival near dresden , which is basically little town with all kind of native american and cowboy styled attractions for kids . 
  yes to all of them . 
  russian ones usually have cheaper and higher quality meat . 
  turkish for vegetables , others for country-specific foods . 
  it is very common . 
  same in many parts of saxony . 
  that 's a great deal . 
  for newcomers to berlin it became pretty hard to find reasonably priced apartments . 
  so either you get lucky and `` win '' this contest against 30 other applicants or you end up overpaying . 
  very similar in russian . 
  same thing in germany . 
  0/10 would not recommend . 
  actually not that bad and super refreshing . 
  sounds gross though , i admit . 
  is it one of those yahoo answers mbmbam podcast talks about ? 
  maybe linz or salzburg ? 
  have n't been to graz though . 
  idk , sounds delicious . 
  [ the sweetest dog i 've ever met . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ykcvfaw.jpg ) never thought so much love can exist . 
  that 's extremely sexist . 
  i like all the muslim dick and i 'm a man !, 
  it 's not even the smalles coin denomination ... 
  same . 
  you bring great shame to your motherland !, 
  stronzo puttana !, 
  vaffanculo !, 
  all i 've learnt while studying with some italians . 
  26 , no and not planning . 
  a lot of people i know do n't marry even if they live together or have kids . 
  there might be some benefits in terms of taxes , but other than tradition they do n't see much point . 
  yep . 
  started studying again and moved to berlin - the amount of them is hilarious . 
  no-one minds though , it is already normal . 
  yes , i 'd say most of them except i 'll maybe get a little confused in south-eastern european languages . 
  i speak german , russian and english fluently , can understand tiny bit of spanish and lived a year in denmark . 
  what about gammeldansk tho ? 
  it 's a hit or miss for people , but i like it a lot . 
  i fucking knew it . 
  no wonder they taste absolutely the same . 
  and people did n't believe me !, 
  already dreading them . 
  no , i was n't sarcastic . 
  yep . 
  basically it comes to this : do i really want to save these 10 seconds by jaywalking and risk getting killed/crippled ? 
  answer is no . 
  all foods from your first list are very popular in russia and , i assume , ukraine and belarus . 
  not popular . 
  here we fucking go again . 
  offtopic , but yours and czech words for jew make me always so uncomfortable - the same word in russian is a bad derogative for jew .
