not only yellow press , but also repost of a 1-year-old `` original '' article . 
  he was very popular in russia back in the days ; french and italian cinema in general actually . 
  a lot of 20-25 y.o. 
  and older people know him for sure . 
  i was born in russia and always saw ukrainians , russians , and for that matter belorussians as the same people , just living in geographically different places ; it made sense for me considering pretty much everyone got relatives in ukraine on belarus . 
  and this attitude never backfired on me or anything - i assumed everybody else thought the same thing . 
  i moved to germany in early 2000s and then all this crap started to happen : orange revolution , racists from both sides started popping up everywhere , and now this bs that putin started . 
  ... yes ? 
  maybe ? 
  i do n't know . 
  does n't seem to do any harm . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  i 'm in . 
  i mean , to a certain point . 
  after the wwii i ca n't imagine the allied gave back germany all the rights and powers just like that . 
  the ussr did the same but in a more obvious way if i may say . 
  seriously . 
  slainte is enough !, 
  great joke , thanks for it . 
  seriously , the censorship is pretty bad in russia , but not that bad . 
  well fuck you and your happiness , buddy . 
  ah yes . 
  proud to be born in siberia !, 
  no worries , i live in germany but i 'm russian . 
  not on my watch !, 
  russia surely would n't be upset !, 
  you should re-read my last comment . 
  or not , you 're a free man , i suppose . 
  looks like this topic gets people too emotional . 
  it 's getting a bit ridiculous , but i will repeat myself - i never accused baltic countries of anything , i simply said how it was perceived . 
  and apparently people did n't like my explanation for this latvia-hate . 
  did i ever say it was justified ? 
  or opposite ? 
  did i support it ? 
  i 'd love to see another explanation . 
  this may be the case , yes . 
  however the majority of russians dislikes communism , well above 50 % i 'd day . 
  fascism ? 
  also people in this thread seem to misread my comments , not once i defended or accused any of above-listed countries , it is just my observations . 
  nazi parades never happened ? 
  it does n't really matter really , i remember some years ago it was a big deal on russian internet . 
  i 'm not talking about my personal opinion , but how outraged many - or at least i felt it was many - russians were . 
  i also like your username . 
  maybe , i 'm not the one to judge though . 
  i think most hated might be more appropriated in this context . 
  it probably has to do with nazi glorification across baltic countries , which russians obviously took close to heart - i reckon i should n't explain why . 
  super awesome n3 reporting !, 
  watch out guys , we got a detective !, 
  i do n't feel comfortable with you using words concentration and jews in one sentence . 
  also exactly like some outskirts of my hometown of novosibirsk . 
  the centre loooks much better though . 
  my russian granma did and does the same . 
  i hinestly ca n't wait for snow . 
  so sick of these pesky rains . 
  i honestly think it 's the same in all languages where the films are dubbed . 
  you get used to it , but if you do n't watch dubbed films for a long time it sounds pretty bad and `` fake '' . 
  russian , german , the same effect . 
  wow . 
  in dresden it was snowing on december 31st , and definitely under 20 on christmas . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  typical !, 
  is there a world-wide statistic ? 
  i 'm moving to berlin next week and while it is pretty cheap , it is very hard to find a flat - the amount of people looking for one must be in thousands . 
  hey , it 's your cousin balt , let 's go bowling !, 
  god yes . 
  as such russian immigrant , living in germany for 13 years who studied and works , thank you for your kind words . 
  i 'm russian and very trigger atm . 
  i hate companies that do such things so much . 
  as a photographer i see it way too often - hey , we 're starting a new mode blog , come do your job for free and you 'll get famous !, 
  oh god , imagine someone with burger flatulance in sauna ... * shudders *, 
  a bit off topic , but polish sausages and meats in general are dope as fuck . 
  calm down there satan . 
  you 're gon na give me nightmares !, 
  honest question - why is aarhus the capital of culture this year ? 
  i 've been there briefly and would n't think it was that culturally important . 
  i clearly missed a lot there . 
  why post unconfirmed information as fact here ? 
  it might as well be true , but at this point we do n't know . 
  source ? 
  sweet belarus karma !, 
  apparently he did in neustadt , a very , very liberal district in dresden . 
  he 's not a smart man . 
  dresden is still quite nice . 
  a lot of building were rebuilt to their pre-war state . 
  districts like neustadt still stand there with 100-year-old buildings . 
  almost got there when backpacking through pyrenees , but did n't make it due to time constraints :(, 
  this is very cool . 
  you should sell postcards or something . 
  grandson of a british pilot who bombed the city i believe . 
  there were almost two weeks in dresden in mid-high thirties . 
  as a siberian , 15 \u00b0 c and the sun . 
  heaven . 
  i pray for that day . 
  i 'm always too afraid to buy them , how is it ? 
  why not ? 
  mindestlohn is 9 $ per hour , full-time and some weekend bonuses and there you go . 
  450 is a part time job . 
  he 's lying . 
  czech beer is far superior . 
  most of them , yes .
