  and there has been lots of outrage . 
  this is not a prank , it 's a political statement . 
  he could have done this without being so physically abusive . 
  although the fact that he went slightly over the top helped bring attention to the issue . 
  personally i did n't know about reva until now , so in a way this video has served a purpose . 
  and when you think about it , these people only experienced what black and brown people might have to experience because of reva . 
  fun bit of gossip . 
  before linus became successful nils was telling people that linus is not his son . 
  he stopped doing that when linus became succesful . 
  sweden with almost double the amount of refugees compared to great britain lol . 
   `` stop austerity and start stimulating '' this is not a slogan , this a very established way to get out of a recession . 
  you indebt yourself a bit during the recession but you pay it back during brighter times . 
  by using austerity we are not getting any growth , which makes it harder for us to pay back debt , which means the financial institutions do n't trust us quite as much as before , which makes borrowing more expensive for us . 
  we have been cutting shit and raising taxes yes . 
   life is too comfortable for the average finn , otherwise you would n't need workers from estonia etc. 
  not everyone can be as poor as you , 
  yeah your politicians seem to suck . 
  obviously stimulation needs to be combined with some structural reforms . 
  but some debt now is not too bad for us . 
  projections say that finland 's economy wont pass the level of 2007 before 2016 . 
  that 's just not good enough . 
  or we have to stop austerity and start stimulating . 
  we lost our rating so a little extra debt wont kill us . 
  i think that anyone who has watched the wire understands that the reliability of `` stats '' that can have political implications are not reliable . 
  thanks , this podcast sounds fun !, 
  the imbalances between germany and por euro countries are too big . 
  http://i.imgur.com/yafee.jpg a 4chan user explained this pretty well, 
  look to the left . 
  maybe giant squids will invade portugal ? 
  the world has been secure my entire life . 
  it 's gon na stay that way , i think . 
  even though you have some fancy quote . 
  i do n't know , i just enjoy talking about debt with greeks . 
  except the value of paying debts, 
  then again , lots of things are bigger threats to the us than is, 
  they are coming to finland , i 'm looking forward to it . 
  this would be a tremendous boost to both the estonian and the finnish economy . 
  we are in a depression so this would be a nice way to get money rolling \u00e1 la hitler \u00b4 s highways . 
  do it eu faggots, 
  just because people give pies to new neighbors it does n't mean that american culture is n't individualistic as fuck . 
  frontier , freedom , fuck gommunism , entrepaneurship , i can manage on my own , take your government hands of my medicare , that is true egotistic american values . 
  a few brown people on the train is not anything that affects values and our culture . 
  carl bildt , is that you ? 
  meh , just tell abott to gtfo in the next election and things will be better for you . 
   harder stand on immigration . 
  lately our many mps from conservative party have been very critical about our immigration policies . 
  this is kind of ridiculous as we already have very little refugees and immigrants . 
   harder stand on eurocrisis . 
  social democrats became famous on insisting on having collateral to loan greece more money . 
  yeah before the elections in 2011 the urpilainen said they did n't wa n't to give money to greece so as not lose votes to the true finns . 
   more nationalistic orientated economic policies from social democrats . 
  rinne want 's more stimulation and less austerity . 
  is this also what soini wants ? 
  sounds like pretty normal socialist policy to me . 
  i do n't follow finnish politics extremely closely but i think that the bigger parties mainly have tried to get back true finn voters through changes in rhetoric and not change in policy . 
  is it perhaps possible that europe 's import of amercian culture ( movies , mcdonalds , blue jeans etc. ), 
  has brought with it some individualistic american values ? 
  how where the true finns appeased ? 
  i 'm geniunely curious . 
  lidl is love , lidl is life, 
  i would say yes . 
  they are leaving the government over the nuclear power plant to stremghten their positions for next years election . 
  this guy spoke about finlandisation for political reasons . 
  edit ; correct, 
  the ecb can regulate this by lowering interest rates and the governments can use stimulative measures too get the economy going . 
  in general europe has been too monetaristic and not keynesian enough lately . 
  why does finland have so low usage ? 
  we are sprejad out so it would make sense for us to ride train . 
  the rate of inflation of the euro is too low for all non german eu countries , including finland . 
  more money in the economy would be nice for us so we could get some growth and get to pay back debts more cheaply . 
  this is n't happening because it would be bad for germany . 
  the rate of inflation of the euro is too low for all non german eu countries , including finland . 
  more money in the economy would be nice for us so we could get some growth and get to pay back debts more cheaply . 
  this is n't happening because it would be bad for germany . 
  something tells me spain are n't telling this to the scots out of the kindness in their hearts . 
  if finlandization worked on the soviet union , my guess is it is gon na work on putin . 
  the fact of the matter is that the russians like to see us as neutral , that way they have one less problem to deal with . 
  the only threat to our security is when right-wing politicians insist that we are not neutral and should join nato so russia is sure to understand that we are not their friend . 
  i think you would be hard pressed to find a single neighbor of russia that they would view more positively . 
  everyone knows that financial institutions and transnational corporations more or less run the american government , but what about the eu ? 
  how much of the decisions in the eu are made for the actual benefit of the european people and how much is the result of lobbying from organizations that try to influence us for financial reasons ? 
  yeah the only western media i consume is finnish , swedish or anglo-saxon , so maybe i should n't generalize . 
  it 's just that in general the narrative that has been fed to europeans and americans has had little to no nuance . 
  putin is being compared to hitler on a regular basis , the fact that the ukrainians toppled a democratically elected government with some western backing is being brushed over , the shelling of civilians by ukrainian forces has hardly been mentioned , and so on . 
  if people just took some time to look at things from the russians point of view the russians wo n't look that evil anymore . 
  russia has several times been invaded by western forces that have pillaged and destroyed in their way . 
  after the german re-unification and subsequent nato membership the russians were promised that nato would n't expand eastwards . 
  now the west have backed a coup d'etat on their backyard in kiev . 
  an area that has long historic ties to russia . 
  of course the russians are going to react . 
  this entire conflict was entirely predictable to some analysts . 
  so what we essentially have is a very unnecessary conflict that essentially comes from two cultures not understanding each other . 
  the west thinks putin is a crazy dictator who wo n't stop until he has restored the soviet empire . 
  the russians see the west as hellbent on imposing our values on them , topple their government and make the russian empire weak and powerless . 
  this situation plays right into the hands of the military complex and putin 's approval ratings . 
  this entire situation could be solved with some goodwill , and by furthering sanctions during a cease fire the eu is displaying none of it . 
  it 's just funny how the times have changed . 
  rupert murdoch want 's independence just to fuck with west minister, 
  another big thing is that swedish and english are closely related . 
  i support green peace and pussy riot fully .
