  was the horror of the 90s also an illusion ? 
  looks a bit like young alain prost, 
  true, 
  americas were a stone age civilization . 
  by traditional analysis they were far behind . 
  chinese civilization is however pretty close to the romans in terms of sophistication, 
  social democracy laid the foundation for those siccessful companies . 
  only the norweigians were 100 % lucky, 
  bulgaria , a country in the same single market as france literally has a minimum wage that is equivalent to like 1 euro . 
  globalization means that comparisons to third world standards are relevant . 
  not sure making it easier to fire people is gon na improve that, 
  do swedes sell weaponns to saudis ? 
   and when similar type of situation has arisen with ford of gm , i do n't think they have been treated differently delusional, 
   what is so special about european companies that they do n't get involved in their countries politics you misunderstand me . 
  i 'm saying that a company that has most of their business in germany and europe does n't have much leverage in america . 
  if volkswagen shuts down no jobs will be lost in america for example . 
  au contraire , it would be good for american automotive industries . 
  i was not saying that german industry doesnt meddle in its own government . 
  i for one , think its good when all corporations get their dues for breaking the law . 
  irrespective of the politics behind it, 
  germany is looking like the bad guy here , which they are . 
  but i think we shou\u00f6d be aware that its probably not a coincidence . 
  that when american law enforcement persues corporate corruption its that of foreigners . 
  fifa or volkswagen . 
  it is admirable work by the fbi on fifa and by the epa ( ? ), 
  on volkswagen . 
  but lets just be aware that they probably wouldnt be allowed to prosecute the nfl or ford . 
  this is a mild conspiracy theory but it makes perfect sense to me . 
  american organizations have leverage in american governmental institutions that germans dont . 
  so i think this move is sort of justified protectionist behaviour from the most powerful european country . 
  very fascinating to see a rift between germany and usa . 
  it has been brewing for years . 
  this is about more than trump being an idiot edit : a lot of nationalism in my replies that i dont care too much about . 
  imo its always good when corporations face proper jusstice, 
   denying transferred workers western wages isnt tjis illegal . 
  if it isnt why the hell not ? 
  if it is why not enforce the law ? 
   i believe many people - including you - are informed so on the surface level that you buy whatever you see/read about erdo\u011fan in the eu media so did i claim anything wrong in my previous post ? 
  what causes you to believe that i specifically am clueless on turkey ? 
  does it matter if erdogan was nice to kurds in 2005 if he now is fighting a war against other kurds in syria ? 
  being nicer to kurds than your predecessors does n't mean much if you still are horrible . 
  did n't he arrest the mayors of kurdish diyarbakir without a good reason ? 
  has n't his purge been incredibly wide sweeping , something that is characteristic of an acceleration towards more authoritarianism ? 
  i 'm no expert on turkey , but if you want to criticize me you have to tell me what i am not understanding . 
  not just put your nose in the air because i 'm a foreigner . 
   you buy whatever you see/read about erdo\u011fan in the eu media what about your media ? 
  you have the close to the most jailed journalists in the world . 
  i hope you do n't buy everything they say . 
  in what way are you in the opposition , what parties do you vote for ? 
  yeah hoxha is fucking comedy gold , he was probably a low key posadaist . 
  maybe not so funny at the time when 20 % of the gdp goes to building bunkers . 
  however state enforced atheism has created the most secular muslim state in the world which is sort of neat . 
  my brother ( who was 11 at the time ) and grandma went there on a day stop with a cruise . 
  the most interesting sight seeing they managed was the cafe where george bush had visited , they saw 10 year old children driving around in cars and also experienced a minor bush crash . 
  they did n't like it very much . 
  i 'd love to see that place . 
  low cost of living , beautiful nature , exentric shit going on and best protection in case of nuclear war, 
  yeah that 's the guy with a sensible bunker policy, 
  how so ? 
  not an expert on albanian comunists tbh, 
  turkey was at times low key allied with isis as a counter to the kurds . 
  during the last year turkey have been in regular combat against the ypg , as well as low intensity war inside of turkey . 
  with that said sure there is a lot of turk hate that might be uncalled for , but that 's what happens when the leader of the country is drawing the country from a flawed democracy to proto fascism . 
  people who are liberal what so ever wont like that . 
  https://pics.me.me/youre-all-revisionists-revisionists-revisionists-revisionists-none-of-you-are-17222099.png replace hoxha with erdogan and revisionists with gulenists and its a spicy meme, 
  its propaganda sure but propaganda can be good . 
  also his propaganda is the opposite of the usual hollywood propaganda , so its a neat change of pace imo, 
  finland would have been better if reds won the civil war . 
  unfortunately the fascist germans intervened, 
  they are like the most atheistic muslims there is , which makes every albanian mad im sure, 
  he ia not subtle but he shou\u00f6d be applauded for his skill at counter establishement propaganda . 
  very skilled . 
  now if you like `` the establishement '' you wont like him, 
  yeah the economic catastrophy of the 90s garnered peace time deaths comparable to those of the 30s starvation and great purge . 
  putin has done a lot of good for russia, 
  fun fact . 
  finnish farmers are atm pretty much the worst polluters of the baltic . 
  sorry guys !, 
  people would n't accuse donald tusk of financing terror attacks in sweden , as many are doing right now . 
  you would also have seen that the prosecutor said nothing indicates it was organized by anyone other than the swedes . 
  they might just as well have gotten training from some polish militia . 
  nothing indicates fsb or any involvement of that sort . 
  many here seem to take it for granted that putin personally ordered it lol . 
  note to self : never read this subs comments uncritically, 
  nothing like that, 
  absolute misinterpretation in these comments . 
  the assumption of a false narrative from a headline . 
  no one read the article, 
  russia didnt do anything here . 
  shit comment, 
  he will be hated as hell come the next election . 
  if youre poor in the uk living next to oligarchs and aristocratd its gon na motivate you to vote for labour, 
  you sure about that ? 
  im a leftie swedish speaking student . 
  isnt jussi the most fascistoid ? 
  i remember him quoting nazi thinkers in parliament and the like . 
  i think he said `` when ihear the word culture , i reach for my gun '' which sounds good but its worrying how a right wing populist says that unironically, 
  you just literally justified your nation being complicit with an ongoing genocide . 
  at least the eternal anglo is honest here . 
   if you trade with china , you 're complicit in mainstreaming genocide china is at war and performing a genocide with the help of british weaponry , must have missed that , because it is n't happening .
