  it 's absurd to suggest that restricting could n't have an effect on the severity of potential future mass shootings . 
  why would this cripple our defense ? 
  the army stores weapons and they are only handed out during excercises or mobilization . 
  or do you think that there should be a huge amounts of guns in finland so that we can make guerilla warfare until the russians leave ? 
  also those numbers about 1/13 gun homicides being done with legal firearms sounds quite unbelievable to me . 
  i could n't find the study in question . 
  so please source or withdraw your claim . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think that almost none of them were . 
  at least the two main school shootings were with legal weapons, 
  is / r/europe seriously this / pol / tier ? 
  if you 're too shit too kill a deer with a bolt action rifle , it 's sad for you . 
  finland has had lots of shooting in recent years . 
  i do n't see why some restrictions would be bad . 
  there are n't lots of illegal weapons in finland as we are quite isolated . 
  i mean , we ca n't smoke weed , why should private citizens be able to own semi automatic weapons ? 
  edit : if you guys actually read our conversation you 'd see that this guy indirectly concedes that he made wrongful statements and flawed arguments . 
  but no you fucking assholes downvote me because i 'm stating a view that you guys disagree with . 
  you right wingers have turned it into one of you 're very own echochambers . 
  now you do n't have to see any ideas you disagree with because they are downvoted to hell . 
  my suggestion is that the subreddit changes names to / r/polonreddit, 
   he would not only be fighting british business interests , he 'd be challenging the very core of contemporary global power structures comrade corbyn is not some blairite pussy , he could do it . 
  it 's quite simple if you have a majority in parliament, 
  populism . 
  / r/europe naturally eating this shit up this is n't gon na irradicate terrorist ideas . 
  it 's only gon na radicalize otherwise peaceful muslims . 
  if anything the sense of community that a mosque provides can counteract radicalization . 
  you ca n't monitor or forbid ideas , it 's just impossibke today, 
  if all of the eu are refusing trade with russia trade with them would no doubt be a goldmine, 
  naah . 
  you are wrong . 
  the terrorists think about the wider geopolitical consequences when they do terrorism . 
  they are not able to kill enough french people to actually have an impact . 
  they are n't gon na win a war like that against france . 
  the real tool of terrorism is the impact it has on the people as a group . 
  by killing a few they make the population as a whole afraid . 
  and afraid people act irrationally and sometimes against their own self interest . 
  here 's a video exploring this idea in depth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpifclvmeoe, 
  also their citizens are more in debt than finns, 
  then again . 
  in bad economic times it 's practical to have a currency that you can devalue . 
  which stimulates exporting of goods to foreign countries . 
  now we have bad economic times but the same currency as germany , which means we do n't really have any good tools to get economically strong again . 
   leave the euro  leave the eu  start trading with russia  get money  stop with this austerity bullshit is there a good reason why this would n't work ? 
  what was the old title, 
  but they want to ban all athletes from competition even though they have n't been proven guilty, 
   both the australian olympic committee and athletics australia ( aa ) said russian track and field athletes should not be allowed to compete at the rio de janeiro games . 
  from the article linked . 
  i do n't see how punishing individual athletes who have n't been proven guilty for the actions of institutions or their country men is logical . 
  if america would have committed the exact same actions that russia have , it is a fact that australia would n't be calling on them being banned from the olympics . 
  therefore , it is very political, 
  yes, 
  i do n't know , but it does n't seem like it would be in the spirit of the olympics to ban an entire country from competition . 
  presumably there is a lot of russian athletes who have n't cheated . 
  it 's a depressing but well known fact that doping still is widespread in many sports , also in countries other than russia . 
  jamaica and kenya , for example have very questionable records on domestic doping tests . 
  therefore the idea of banning an entire country from the olympics seems very political to me . 
  this seems extremely political . 
  yeah okay . 
  do you guys remember when / r/europe was somewhat sane , and did n't feel like germany at the start of the 30s, 
  they are different issues you were building a narrative of hypocritical liberals i pointed out that some fascists can be quite fascist, 
  to me you sounded like you were implying that mainstream liberal forces are limiting free speech because they are afraid of fascism . 
  it did n't sound like you were worrying about the right of muslims to read their holy book . 
  at least this was my impression . 
  does n't seem like that was the point you were making m8, 
   worried about fascism ? 
  lets solve it by limiting free speach worried about islam . 
  ban the quaran . 
  or that 's what gert wilders wants anyway . 
  what happened here ? 
  i have n't seen there being talks about social welfare being included in the news . 
  is social welfare a part of the new redistricting reforms ? 
  they could use the greens instead of one of the small parties and get a slightly larger majority . 
  i think sipil\u00e4 wants to avoid new elections . 
   14 place shamfur dispray, 
  mexico must be like hell, 
  i got ta say . 
  this is impressive to me . 
  the politician seem to actually be held responsible for their actions . 
  that 's swell, 
  exactly how is britain helping ? 
  i remember reading stories from / r/europe about how well romania was cracking down on corruption . 
  or was that bulgaria ? 
   to form their own parties what 's wrong with wanting to form parties lol ? 
  i 'm gon na get so much fucking money, 
  and in ww2 you were talented collaborators , no ? 
  i guess you guys have learned that you should respect the powerful and then the nation will prosper, 
  / u/southorange / u/theanimus / u/pointjudith i 'm trying to say that the person you should feel sorry for , is the beggar that has to sleep in a park in sweden . 
  not the guy who has to look at a beggar every once in a while . 
  also a beggar who sleeps outside would not be breaking bottles . 
  they would have to go to the store to get the recycling money . 
  so because one homeless person did something to someone you know , that means we should be afraid of all homeless people ? 
  how is this relevant ? 
  yeah i really feel sorry for you . 
  getting annoyed by sleeping beggars and everything :(, 
  / r/europe now in favor of the death penalty . 
  in what way are you even european ? 
  why do n't you just move to america and vote for trump, 
  * sigh * solitary confinement for life ? 
  that 's what you want ? 
  why not perform some enchanced interrogation while you 're at it .
