  i 'll tell you about it soon, 
   a previous `` altercation '' involving a man in uniform led to the sergeant being moved , the hospital said . 
  `` they demand a better life '' ?? 
  they want a bette life then the one in turkish refuger campa yes . 
  would you like it if you and your family were growing up in a turkish refuger camp ? 
  you seem to think the refugees somehow are very arrogant when they want a good life . 
  it 's very natural . 
  i 'll get back to you on hungarian fascism . 
  or ask any expert on hungary or fascism and they 'll agree with me, 
  perhaps germany is better at integration . 
  they are not an island so are more diverse . 
  there might of course be problems , but in the long runs people learn to live together, 
  they are to be exchanged on a bridge somewhere . 
  feels pretty cold war to me, 
  some other estonian in this thread claimed he was meeting an informant somewhere right at the border, 
  after a generation , of course, 
  you do n't have an empire anymore m8 . 
  so stop being a smug bastard and start getting used to reality, 
  yup , britain is the world leading in being delusional about their power and relevancy . 
  since ww2 they have effectively become america 's little brother, 
  the russians claimed that they caught him on the russian side of the border during an illegal operation . 
  if he was n't on some secret operation , then what was he doing near the border ? 
  hungary is fascist yes . 
  these people are mainly refugees not migrants . 
  i think it 's reasonable that the hungarians are trying to keep the situation somewhat under control . 
  of course you want to know who and how many people enter the eu . 
  with that said , the current hungarian government is literally fascist . 
  they are not cool at all . 
  also we have a refugee crisis , not a migrant crisis . 
  the masses are coming because they were driven away from their homes by war and famine , not because they want to be unemployed and collect sick ass benefits in a cold northern european country . 
  i mean no offene . 
  but tbh , everyone would rather be in the same category as norway and sweden instead of latvia and hungary . 
  sweden is a better country than finland according to all parameters except 2 . 
  sweden is richer , happier , lower unemployment , more equal etc. 
  finland performs better than sweden in pisa tests and is a nicer place to live if you \u00b4 re a racist . 
  imagine going to sweden ove asks you : * `` zemba7 you seem like a great guy . 
  but why did i see a finn in kkk uniform on the news ? 
  is finland actually a country of racist motherfuckers ? 
  '' * as a liberal finn i am seeing finland degraded from nordic country , to eastern european shithole in realtime . 
  i do n't like it, 
  sounds legit, 
  motherfucker . 
  one guy in a ghost costume is basically ruining our country 's reputation, 
  the 0 is arabic , right ? 
  i know what this is about thank you . 
  what i 'm saying is that the finnish government is practicing austerity measures . 
  not only with these cuts in salaries but also in wide cuts to things like education , health care , etc. 
  the only thing not being cut is the army , which gets an increase in funds . 
  what i 'm saying is that these politics are dumb and some stimulus to the economy would be much healthier . 
  these cuts in salaries disproportionately affect work groups like nurses and shop clerks . 
  who often do n't have a choice whether to work on sundays or not . 
   how is not spending money you do n't have , giving money to the rich ?!, 
  cuts in public services means disproportionately hurt the poorer people who use them . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqgcoiakycq when french and german banks had bought shitty greek government bonds the ecb stepped in and bought the government bonds . 
  this way the economic pain of a private banks was moved from private hands to the european people . 
  this is n't precisely austerity but it is a part of our german led economic politics . 
  quantitative easing is pretty scummy . 
  central banks artificially propping up the value of shares and bonds . 
  so the two main pillars of european economic policy austerity and quantitative easing . 
  respectively serve to make the average guy poorer and the shareholding rich guy , even richer . 
  countries do n't work the same way as households . 
  every stable nation works with large public debts . 
  not doing it gives the nation a disadvantage . 
  for finland , cuts in health care and education are incredibly stupid . 
  this decreases the buying power of the people which deepens the recession . 
  nobel laureates paul krugman and joseph stiglitz agree that stimulus would be good for finland . 
  why do you disagree ? 
  in my opinion austerity is nothing but a way to transfer wealth from the average citizens to already rich people . 
  yeah well maybe they would n't mind that much if europe was ravaged by war . 
   violent militarised enclaves and guerrilla warfare in french and swedish cities i think you do n't have complete contact with reality . 
  it wo n't end, 
  tbh though . 
  who wants to live in romania . 
  us whites are really the ones getting discriminated . 
  yeah i know . 
  europe is waaay richer . 
  we have a people financed media that is obliged to not run commercials and strive to be objective . 
  what it * really * sounds like is that that guy do n't like brown people . 
  well they have the most of them/capita , so it 's not so weird that they have problems . 
  it 's wikipedia, 
  ] some human rights activists claim that at least 80 % of the hostages were killed by indiscriminate russian fire . 
  [ 6 ] according to felgenhauer , `` it was not a hostage rescue operation ... but an army operation aimed at wiping out the terrorists . 
  '' [ 91 ] david satter of the hudson institute said the incident `` presents a chilling portrait of the russian leadership and its total disregard for human life '' . 
  [ 100 ] these are quotes from the wiki article . 
  obviously they are n't necessarily totally reliable . 
  but probably the russian government was n't doing a very good operation . 
  they have the 2nd largest army so they have capacity for complicated operations , given that this seems very shady . 
  maybe some russians can give some insights ? 
  also i think they were also doing it for chechen nationalism ? 
   they are 100 % not comparable oh yeah right . 
  white people were dying in ww2 . 
  totally different . 
  on a more serious note . 
  the jewish people were refugees before , during and after the war , much like 12 million out of 20 million have had to flee from their homes . 
  totally . 
  every country should strive o be more like lithuania . 
  what are the portuguese doing in luxemburg ? 
  but the internet told me sweden is an atheist , socialist , feminist , muslim hellhole, 
  2011 they were offered to be a part of the government but declined . 
  also sd has roots in actual fascist movements while ps have roots in more normal populism .
