   they chose a religious ruler over a democratic one . 
  you know , they do have elections and stuff like that, 
  i mever realized that cold war finnish tv could make capitalism look appealing . 
  `` in finland we have freedom and democracy , every sixth year we elect urho kekkonen '' , was the sa\u00fding, 
  an asian american girl i met i n rome told me that her parents were nervous about there because it was in `` europe '' . 
  i could barely believe her , but in hindsight its probably true . 
  dont you think so ? 
  there was a stigma about active war after the suez crisis that maggie erased after killing some argies . 
  wouldnt you agree ? 
  hmm , also obviously the historic legacy of the falklands . 
  none the less , fuck him, 
  fuck tony blair, 
  except maybe lie about autonomy and gold and honey if they stay in a day before the referendum ? 
   `` books of europe '' this would be fun , especially literature of smaller nations . 
  uk would have had to oppossed it forcefully . 
  it seemed like the yankees minds were made up , so there would have needed to be unified pressure from europe against it to stop it, 
  vanilla chomsky pretty much . 
  seemingly universally likable even though he is quite political, 
  lets not quarrell my fellow nordic oppressed indigenous person . 
  let us unite in resistance to scandinavian colonialism !, 
   i 'm not a dane who is butthurt this is like saying , `` i 'm not a racist , but '' face it colonial dane , sometimes danes get btfo , the least you can do is accept that with honour, 
  i 'll never forget when he btfo dansken https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xynpjgamixo, 
  mysterious, 
   unified taxes is pretty bad though as it forces the same system on everybody i did n't mean that literally , but rather tax and welfare codes that are slightly more unified . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've read some good paper on it at some time . 
  isnt juncker a lixembourgian for example ? 
  some nations simply work as tax havens and profit off of it . 
  if you are serious about this i think ideas about shared libability and unified taxes should be implemented as well . 
  problem is germany wouldnt profit . 
  if schultz would push through unifying reforms that unify europe economically he would go down as one of the great statesmen in european history , because it would save the eu from collapse . 
  but im getting ahead of myself . 
  great comment btw , reminds me of how great a platform this is . 
  where else are european citizens communicating about europe ? 
   wants to intensify fighting tax getaway on european level doubtful about this . 
  but if he actually did it it would ofc be great, 
  revenge for what ? 
  explain to me why would macron be disruptive ? 
  i thought he was the ultimate status quo guy ? 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  french tradition , no ? 
  lol who cares , military jerk offs justifying their budgets by pretending that playing top gun matters in any way, 
  ia there any shot at the the leftisy with less support in polls ie the ps guy probably , tactically drops out , consolidated the left around one candidate , and then barely scarpes past fillon and macron who split the center right vote , and then the people will get the choice between lepen and an actual socialist , ( not that weak sauce hollandaise ) . 
  which ofc would risk resulting in center rights elec\u00feing a fascisy over a socialist . 
  or has hollande been such a mess that the left has literally no chance at retaining some power ? 
  even though my fellow travelers seem ro be losing power the elections are undeniably intriguing, 
  it was a good thing \u00ecmo, 
  i blame it on the language of finnish, 
  imperialism is really quite a wrong characterization of the relationship between finland and sweden . 
  someone such as myself , a fenno-swede , might theoretically be of the opinion that it should be called sveaborg , or ruotsenlinna , since that is the original name in swedish . 
  could n't agree with you more . 
  i once went there with someone who had written a 10 page paper on it . 
  she could explain exactly all the details about it and was amazed by it , her enthusiasm spread to me . 
  it truly is an absolute architectonic wonder . 
  a lot of mysteries are still left about it . 
  in a thousand years people will still be amazed by the wonders of that temple . 
  sounds like standard capitalism tbh, 
  tibet and some oppression of minorities , but no geopolitical threat really, 
  but how does chinas military affect europe ? 
  they mostly spend money to counter american power in their own region, 
  i respectfully disagree, 
  there are a lot more people living in northern ireland who did n't want to be a part of the uk . 
  well i just did , other than iraq i do n't of any modern wars britain have participated in, 
  i do n't think it matters too much if acts of terror are committed by states or other groups , the effect is the same . 
  in fact , the amount of death and destruction that results from state sponsored terrorism is often much larger than that of small groups, 
  was n't really trying to whitewash it , i 'm really quite unaware of the complete context of ira and the irish conflicts . 
  all my education comes from skimming some wikipedia stuff , i just found it really interesting that they often warned about their bombs , sort of like the weather underground , only much more hardcore . 
   the murder of children must be popular with sections of the irish population considering the man who ordered the bombings is an elected td did n't pretty much all of britain endorse fighting a war over some rocks in the south atlantic ? 
  are n't there mps in the british parliament who violently endorsed the iraq war ? 
  i 'm not trying to justify the murder of children , rather trying to contrast your vilification of the irish people with the crimes of powerful people in england . 
  would it be better if all terrorists were ideologically uniform ? 
  the ira used to phone the authorities and warn about the bomb to minimize casualties . 
  if the ira really wanted to a lot more people could have died . 
  the omagh bombing was warned about but the information received was faulty and crowds were mistakenly moved towards the bomb . 
  the difference is that the ira was far more moderate than nazis or islamists, 
  let 's hope it does n't . 
  both trump and putin have shown themselves theoretically willing to use the implicit threat of nuclear attacks as a bargaining chip . 
  back during the cold war the russians would n't dare to even think about this because of fear of provoking the americans . 
  or at least that 's what some expert said in some interview however i still find it very unlikely that the russians will be using the threat of it 's nuclear arms any time soon . 
  a nuclear conflict between india and pakistan ( which pakistan could easily trigger ) would kill two billion people according to the sstudy cited in this article . 
  http://www.ibtimes.com/india-pakistan-nuclear-war-would-kill-2-billion-people-end-civilization-report-1503604 i do n't see the general volume of nukes as being very relevant . 
  the nukes are deterrents and not intended for tactical use, 
  pakistan has enough nukes to kill like a billion people, 
  they have the gdp of italy , i think we 'll manage, 
  like ten thousands parisians moving to stockholm would do the trick, 
  so you propose we ban brown people , no ? 
  the wikipedia page says he `` sought to reduce certain categories of welfare payments '' but i ca n't find any info on what his reforms in welfare actually entailed . 
  either way , i 'll never like tony blair, 
   he lowered poverty and you portray that as in actuality lowering welfare payments even though lowering poverty increases the wealth of a country overall http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/british-people-stopped-believing-in-the-benefits-due-to-tony-blair-researchers-claim-9753824.html, 
   modernisation of the nhs you say tomato , i say , `` he introduced substantial market-based reforms in the education and health sectors '' , which certainly is n't something someone calling themselves a social democrat should  lowered child and pensioner poverty to mention a few `` sought to reduce certain categories of welfare payments '' i 'm not all too impressed with his stay as prime minister . 
  other than him holding onto power , which perhaps is n't all too hard considering the jolly economic times . 
  what were his concrete political accomplishments ? 
  in practice it 's often feels like less than that because it might be very cloudy . 
  especially in the time before it starts snowing the clouds and mist tend to be quite impenetrable . 
  the charm wears of prettu quick, 
  honestly if you take the holacaust out of the equation hitler was a better leader than schultz will ever be . 
  that 's how fucking dumb you sound like, 
  ayy lmao you want tony blair, 
  i did n't delete anything and did n't call you alt-right , must have been someone else . 
  sure thing kiddo, 
   southern baptists are why the south is fucked up in the states this is an immensely reductionist view of things dear boy .
