  just because they still exist and have a culture does n't meant there is n't racism , i mean do you suggest there is n't racism towards black people in the yankees ? 
  i know not all of them are romanian . 
  i also thinks it 's arrogant to believe that just because romanis have behaved in one way for a long time it 's mistaken to believe it will continue that way . 
  perhaps , a little bit racist . 
  i found an interesting contradiction in your comment  we treat them plenty good but this is how they are and this is how they live  the western countries have no gipsy because they killed almost all of them or sterilized them like they did in scandinavia . 
  racism is rampant against them , to this day . 
  we do n't `` treat them plenty good '', 
  cool , i will . 
  thanks for the tip, 
  this is good news for everyone . 
  maybe some of the poor people begging outside our grocery stores that are romanian will have a large enough incentive to return home and do something more productive then making me feeling guilty about their extreme poverty even though i myself am by no means rich . 
  yeah sure you have a point, 
  is hollande like a worse version of jimmy carter then ? 
  clinton and merkel are hard to compare event though they seem similar . 
  one essentially cause the western regime change in libya among lots of other things . 
  her greatest merits are sitting in talks with foreign leaders , and doing the bidding of american imperialism . 
  merkel , even though i do n't like her , has lead a country for like a decade now , successfully , more or less . 
  clinton was n't liked by the public . 
  the reason she won the popular vote does n't somehow legitimize the `` liberal elite '' or just `` elite '' for short . 
  trump was the most feared candidate in history pretty much . 
  many voted against trump not for clinton i think . 
  merkel is doing what politicians are suppposed to do . 
  lead . 
  and then , if it works out relatively harmlessly people will praise her in the history books . 
  in swedish it means high school as well, 
  i consider myself fairly skilled in language . 
  i can read and write two languages excellently , and one decent . 
  and i agree , i never really learnt finnish or english in school , but rather from tv , watching simpsons in english with finnish subs, 
  same with finland , finnish and swedish is taught to everyone . 
  reading anthony beevor 's spanish civil war right now . 
  it 's really a tragedy your whole history . 
  especially the peasants . 
  as a libertarian socialist i 'll always mourn catalonia . 
  such a rich region running itself without commissars or capitalists could have sent an example for the world . 
  that neither a totalitarian state communism or ( capitalism if you will ) or fascism had to rule the people . 
  the idea that mutual co-operation could rule an area . 
  it 's a shame . 
  the whole thing . 
  his infliction on press freedom does n't seem too severe . 
  he asks for his relatives and children to be unmentioned . 
  nothing yle has to comply with . 
  the more damning thing is that around 100 milllion euros went from the state to a mine that then gave a 0.5 million contract to the business of a relative of sipil\u00e4 . 
  yeah after driving on the road that goes around rome i was convinced you would be higher . 
  people were treating the rush hour as a formula 1 race, 
   the states makes a continuous effort on road safety how would anyone outside spain know this ? 
  our history is of course wildly similar . 
  but from a finnish perspective it 's hard to see why russia ca n't have functioning relations with it 's neighbors . 
  after all france and germany were mortal enemies for at least 200 years . 
  thats like , your opinion , man, 
   iraq was a necessary and successful war m8 whatever you 're smoking let me have a hit . 
  cause that shit clearly fucks you up, 
  maybe you should care, 
  except that one foreign policy decision, 
  having a view point is n't equal to being the british propaganda arm of news corp.  it does n't take much insight to realize that that 's not the outcome that was intended ?? 
  how so ? 
  chairman corbyn would no doubt need to send blair to scotland for 15 years of re education before he can return to politics, 
  iraq was the enemy of iran . 
  if you wanted to weaken iran , invading iraq is violently illogical, 
   ours is more about stability , especially preventing iran from exporting its revolution , for which a secular , democratic and pro-western iraq would be a vital ally . 
  iran has been strengthened thanks to the invasion . 
  after saddam was ousted the new government were basically iranian puppets . 
  so your statement is completely untrue . 
  i 'm not saying that i know exactly why iraq was invaded . 
  but i doubt the reasons were altruistic , and i know that it was at the very least partially motivated by the strategic oil reserves in iraq and the strategic importance of iraq in the middle east as a whole . 
   the guardian is the left 's daily mail and anything in it has to be read with skepticism except the daily mail is a propaganda tabloid that runs what murdoch wants while the guardian is run by an independent trust . 
  the guardian published and got access to the snowden leaks about the prism program and more as well as info about the sykes-picot line a hundred years ago . 
  please do n't put them in the same sentence ever again, 
  that article is simplified . 
  this one is better https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/mar/20/iraq-war-oil-resources-energy-peak-scarcity-economy saddam had control over lots of oil . 
  and therefore had the power to regulate the market and increase oil prices by strangulating the supply of iraqi oil . 
  an invasion made sure to sustain global oil flows and moderate global oil prices . 
  there were of course other factors , but most of them were also related to maintaining strategic control over the resources in the middle east . 
  or why do you think the war was started ? 
  turkey is secular . 
  does turkey oppress religious people ? 
  of course not . 
   http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/15/middleeast/ankara-bombing-female-suicide-bomber/ so your argument is that if you are pro democracy you can not commit acts of violence ? 
  or that you can not perform terrorism if you are pro democracy ? 
  what about the american revolutionaries ? 
  they used violence and terrorism to achieve democracy . 
  if you were british back then you would be complaining about the horrible boston tea party . 
   it will be more like north korea if u ask me in rojava the ruling ideology is democratic confederalism . 
  the idea of villages autonomously ruling themselves with direct democracy as a part of a larger confederacy of these autonomous villages . 
  the ideology is as far away from north koreas totalitarianism as one can imagine . 
  just because a state is secular it does n't imply that religious people are oppressed . 
  are american christians oppressed ? 
  of course not , even though america is nominally secular . 
  also the kurdish state would most likely be democratic confederalism , or democratic socialism , not really oppressive . 
  closer to switzerland than stalin, 
  tony blair has charisma , problem is more than that is requiered to be politically relevant, 
  and do the hpd voters want democratic confederalism ? 
  how much support does the ypg has among the kurds ? 
  he has to be an absolute narcicissist not to understand how hated he is, 
  chillax bro, 
  so kurds are quite religious then ? 
  do they want a religious kurdistan or a religious turkey ? 
  what does this imply ? 
  its hard to inturperet these stats as a non turk ? 
  i followed the situation in mali . 
  it definitely would have been ludicrous to let a few hundred islamists take over a country .
