  i know that left is pseudo left in europe nowadays . 
  hoppfully that will change, 
  in general i agree with your analysis . 
  we have already seen the rise of the eurosceptic rightwingers in northern europe . 
  now we just need the left wing in northern europe to get on board the same train . 
  as it stands today the eu and globalisation in general are extremely capitalist forces . 
  in my home country everything is going to shit . 
  we have barely had any growth for ten years thanks to nokia falling apart , the global recession and now russian sanctions . 
  the left only has like 25 % of the votes at the moment . 
  this is the time for a re birth of the left into something anti-capitalist again . 
  this crisis is good . 
  it has shown every one observant enough what the eu really is today . 
  a somewhat unified liberal/leftist eurosceptic movement needs to come forward . 
  parties like podemos are at the forefront of this . 
  interesting to see how positively the eu affected your political system . 
  makes me more positively inclined upwards the very theoretical prospect of a turkish eu membership, 
  the troika are punishing tsipras for being rude to them . 
  they are teaching everyone a lesson not to fuck with them . 
  this is of course horrible news for the greek people and for european and world wide democracy . 
  like wise the germans will always be the fuckig nazis , trying to conquer europe . 
  a big part of this is domestic politics . 
  the true finns do n't want to share the responsibility in the governments devastating austerity politics . 
  this occassion is perfekt for them to back out . 
  then they can go do the only thing they are good at , complain from the opposition . 
  altough you hope that our bad economic situation would make us better able to relate to southern europe . 
  how willing will anyone be to help us out when we ca n't pay our mortages , after all the fuzz we have made . 
  we have barely had any growth for the last ten years . 
  wow . 
  at this rate we will soon be in the same league as our southern european friends . 
  our economy has turned into shit . 
  this guy is a clown ? 
  he ca n't be as funny as berlusconi . 
  nice to see an obviously intelligent making the case for greece and debt relief . 
  romania did n't share currency with some of the richest countries in europe . 
  pretty rude tbh, 
  you gon na down vote me punk ? 
  guess what i just downvoted you back . 
  feel the fist of democratic internet freedom up your ass . 
  oh , i know my values , bitch !!!!!, 
  tsipras was elected on the premise that he would end austerity . 
  the creditors are doing their best to make that impossible . 
  tsipras is therefore asking the greek people if he should do something he was n't elected to do . 
  makes all kinda of sense to me . 
  the people complaining about this should ask themse\u00f6ves if they value democracy at all . 
  ''  it is impossible for every citizen in a country to study the dossier and make an intelligent opinion '' the swiss seem to be doing alright . 
  for lots of people pensions can be the only income in the entire family . 
  in those cases , yes , pensions prevent starvation . 
  sometimes it 's funny to see how opinions can change based on something like a sad picture . 
  i have always been in favour of solidarity with the greeks . 
  news about malaria and hunger becoming problems i 'm greece should be enough . 
  the human is n't rational i guess . 
  if they are young thy were probably born in finland . 
  so i do n't know where you 'd like to deport them ? 
  '' this is shitty men with shitty attitude committing these rapes . 
  it 's not the fault of the social network . 
  those committing these crimes should be tried and convicted the same way a finnish person would be dealt with . '', 
  yeah i after with everything . 
  but the article is countering a rascist narrative that `` somalis rape much more people '' , which they appearently do at a higher rate . 
  but if you are a somali immigrant who lives in an area with relatively large amount sig crime and poverty , maybe your mother has to work two minimum wage jobs to support the family , then of course you are much more likely to rape than someone like me , who has grown up in one of finlands richest areas , with a stable , white and educated family . 
  `` but in finland most people are content with conscription '' mainly this is true . 
  in finland we are almost always convinced that the state knows what 's best for us . 
  i guess that 's one of the consequences of living in one of the least corrupt states in the world , which of course is good . 
  but sometimes this incredibly `` blue pill '' finnish mentality is annoying . 
  there are lots of people who are n't content with being in the military at all . 
  such as myself . 
  i currently have 85 days left in the military . 
  i am serving for 9 months as a medic . 
  i 'm not here voluntarily . 
  i am forced to be here . 
  if you refuse you are sent to prison . 
  something that amnesty has critisized us for . 
  oh and naturally it 's voluntary for women . 
  they have to deliver babies after all . 
  for the last six months i have been getting 5 euros a day . 
  which is very little considering our high prices . 
  for the first three months of my stay i lived in a 100 year old building . 
  a building that had some weird green spots here and there . 
  the building was very moldy . 
  this meant that every time you woke up in the morning you had a sore throat and stuffed nose . 
  the building was in such a shitty condotion that it 's now getting renovated . 
  this means there is a little bit too little space left for everyone else at the brigade at the moment . 
  i have to live in very crowded rooms with loud people from rural finland . 
  all in all my military experience has pretty much been shit and i wish i would have pretended to be crazy to get out of here . 
  make no mistake there is no difference between conscription and slavery . 
  my point is that the shift economcally is rightwards . 
  all i know about asia and africa is that a few asian countries that previously were commies have become capitalist . 
  since the end of the cold war the west has steadily been shifting rightwards . 
  social democratic parties are no longer socialist but instead capitalists who want more welfare , ( tony blair and britain for example ) . 
  the economic and also general policies in europe and america are very much in the benefit of transnational corporations ( free trade , ttip etc ) . 
  the move has also been towards more open , tolerant , multicultural and international societies . 
  this leads to some people seeing a shift to the left socially . 
  well finland is practically eastern european so this is to be expected . 
  only reason gypsies are so accepted by us is probably because of one famous musician . 
  in finland we have the same kinds of tests at the age of 18 . 
  a few years ago one of the questions was , `` what is bravery '' . 
  there was a guy with big balls who only replied `` this '' . 
  the rumor is , the guy got 100 % points . 
  i really like these questions . 
  they do n't only measure how much of the exam books you bothered reading . 
  they also measure your ability to express your free , creative thought process .
