  i think you overestimate the organizational skills of terrorist organisations, 
  death to america doesnt have to equal terrorism, 
  a dumb one, 
  i find it ironic that the guy with the ` murica flair criticizes the intercept . 
  it does n't have a bias towards the powerful as opposed to all your traditional media, 
  very hard to predict long term consequences, 
  i do n't even think finland should leave the union . 
  but pretending that there would be no benefits to leaving is stupid, 
  absolutely , but it would be ignorant to pretend there would be no benefits to popping out of the union . 
  i 'm not pro finxit , ( shit name btw ) . 
  so relax, 
  trade with russia is pretty important for us . 
  if we went out of the eu we could continue that, 
  very different countries, 
  im no fan of hia . 
  but he could probably make an atheist out of a muslim indoubt, 
  might very well be the case but tvat doesnt invalidate the points he made in this podcast . 
  when a free trade agreement is kept secret it 's not about economy , it 's about a lack of democracy . 
  calling him `` a moron about economics '' is in fact compmetely besides the point . 
  its also the go to argument for globalisation enthusiasts and right wingers . 
  `` oh you dont like austerity ? 
  well that 's cause yu are an idiot about exonomics '', 
  point being ? 
   but afaik the whole deal is going to be up for public debate months before it is ratified i mean you would hope so . 
  even if i 'm wrong it does n't mean that there are n't a 100 other reasons to be against it . 
  i remember hearing something to this effect on an episode of common sense with dan carlin . 
  i ' l try to find the source edit : here is something in that vein , not exactly what i remembered . 
   `` one of the characteristics of this agreement is the secrecy that is surrounding it . 
  apparently , members of the european parliament who have followed the negotiations for ttip have been essentially forced to sign confidentiality agreements . 
  is this correct ? '', 
   that 's absolutely correct , and the level of secrecy surrounding these negotiations means that ordinary people across europe and most of the national members of parliament have no idea what 's going on . 
  ** the european commission placed a 30-year ban on all public acces to the key documents behind ttip right at the beginning of the negotiations . 
  ** any members of the european parliament who are given access to the special reading rooms where they can see some of the documents - they have to sign documents promising that they will not share any of what they 've seen outside that room . 
  really , it 's like a scene from the stalinist soviet past , where you have individual documents marked with secret markings , so that they can trace the source of any leaks when the documents do go out into the public domain . 
  it 's profoundly un-transparent and anti-democratic , and it 's destroying any credibility within the european commission itself . 
  i most certainly hope that we will get to debate the document before it is ratified . 
  but do n't hold your breath . 
  http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/29644-john-hilary-proposed-ttip-agreement-is-profoundly-undemocratic i heard this in a podcast a while ago . 
  even though it 's not very new it 's still a very good look at the issue . 
  so i strongly suggest you give it a listen if you wa n't to know why people are so alarmist about this . 
  this guy is really nice to listen to direct link https://secure-hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/6/6/8/66894a63e02388fe/cswdcc90.mp3?c_id=8658015&amp;expiration=1467418874&amp;hwt=5b2061a6be9fbd6129e6bbb52040ee77 reddit thread about the episode link https://www.reddit.com/r/dancarlin/comments/30ouh6/common_sense_290_the_illusion_of_control/, 
  no i simply was agreeing in strong terms :d, 
  romanians in charge of highlighting corrupt state of eu propaganda, 
  near my dad 's childhood village there were a lot of people who are part of a christian sect of laestadianer . 
  not sure if they exist outside the country . 
  anyway these people cant use condoms and cant watch tv . 
  they dont do terrorism i think , but is n't it sort of a crime against humanity to keep people from the internet . 
  muslims can at least stumble onto richard dawkins videos on youtube and get liberated that way, 
   people are making the ttip out to be the devil itself but nobody actually provides well documented criticism to it . 
  well it 's sort of difficult when the process is completely secret and we wo n't know the full extent of it until 5 years after it has been implemented . 
  you know what this is ? 
  it 's undemocratic . 
  and i do n't use that word lightly . 
  it is special interest writing global policy , for the benefit of whom ? 
  we wo n't know for a while but i can guess, 
  they are n't used to quickly searching through multiple sources . 
  they have a much larger faith in authorities . 
  growing up with the internet you realize that just because something is published doesnt mean its verified . 
  to be fair to our parents generation . 
  it 's not that they are really dumb . 
  it 's rather that journalism used to have higher quality . 
  papers used to wait for verification from different places before publishing stories . 
  nowadays they usually publish it as soon as they get it . 
  so media used to be more trustworthy . 
  our generation know not to trust a single source . 
  civic minded youth paint a picture of the world like a mosaic , from many different sources and perspectives . 
  this is not too easy however . 
  i think there are lots of young people who do n't have the energy to read multiple sources even tho they know that 's what 's required . 
  it used to be easier to comprehend the world . 
  you woke up , read the telegraph , helsingin sanomat or the new yor times , and you felt you understood the world, 
  so are people implying that bill clinton fucked her so good that she wont indict his wife or what ? 
   i do n't even understand how as much as a third of finns want out of eu independent economic policy and ability to not give a shit about sanctions would give finland a very good lift economically in the short term . 
  yeah would make more sense if sweden invaded to protect the oppressed swedish minority . 
  the finns dont even have to write swedish in their end osf school exams ; _ ; i feel very oppressed . 
  referendums are literally democracy in action . 
  i mean you can define democracy as not referendums , but you its bit of a stretch to say that representative democracy is more democratic than direct democracy . 
  but our opinions clearly differ so no point to argue, 
  well if you like democracy referedums are good, 
  okay, 
  bit of a shame if its true . 
  podemos seemed to be able to do something new and different, 
  what attitude ? 
   why spaniards have to accept them in eu they dont have to , but it would be stupid not to . 
  its a convenient threat though, 
  you never know, 
  hmm , would be a shame . 
  this is not about people , this is countries . 
  the eu is n't about friendship between countries , but about pragmatic relationships . 
   not accepting a country in eu is not really `` revenge sounds like revenge to me, 
   he 'd do everything in his power to raze it to the ground . 
  which could lead to pablo iglesias becoming pm, 
  even tho spain might be against it i do n't see how such an economically successful area could be kept out of this union, 
  is n't the right to self determination like an international principal . 
  what makes it possible for rajoy to keep catalonia ? 
  or cameron to keep scotland if they want out ? 
  where he will be booed to shreds, 
  decentralization would be cool, 
  has the quality really decreased ? 
  how so ? 
  i used to read it 's online version but have n't done for a few years,
