  but article 5 was invoked after 9/11 . 
  turkey is a nato member . 
  in theory nato countries would have to help them if they were attacked by the kurds . 
  that would suck . 
  this post gave me a war boner . 
  sweden is so progressive they even have equality among prostitutes . 
  this is seriously bad news . 
   also fp\u00d6 is widespread respected among the austrian population much like hitler and j\u00f6rg haidel then ? 
  has austria never dealt with their compatriot german dictator, 
  what 's the deal with austria and right wing populists ? 
  yeah well , it 's just what i think about when i hear la lingua franca . 
  i live in continental europe so that 's the perspective from where i see the world, 
   i 'm sorry but this is simply not true . 
  you just sound like another ignorant trump supporting american when you say this . 
  good thing i 'm a finnish liberal giving a non ideological opinion . 
  when i 'm saying lingua franca i 'm saying europe , in my country german was la lingua franca for a time . 
  british english did n't penetrate the culture of continental europe properly before ww2 . 
  this is the point i 'm making . 
   after all , china have a huge economy and make lots of film and tv , but europeans are not scrambling on mass to learn chinese in order to watch chinese cartoons . 
  post ww2 there was the marshal plan . 
  it injected huge sums of money to western europe , which created an area that was effectively culturally colonized by americans with their music , movies , blue jeans and coca cola . 
  before the war there had been a quota in france for the amount of hollywood movies that were allowed in france per year . 
  post war america had by far the most surplus wealth to spend on culture such as movies . 
  as part of a deal on debt relief , the quotas were removed . 
  the flood gates opened and hollywood movies started to dominate the french market . 
  this is the kind of stuff that the brits never achieved , make frenchies learn english . 
  this also triggered bit of an identity crisis for the proud frenchmen , whose women now idolized humphrey bogart . 
  if you look at a bigger picture of course england had a huge effect on this process . 
  but it was americans that broke through and made english and coca cola truly global . 
  but yeah i think we understand each other here ? 
   i 've read much of his work . 
  he just views it through the lens of positive and negative rather than strictly negative yeah okay , i get that , but to me it kinda feels like saying `` but hitler built the autobahn '' . 
  it 's undeniable that for certain indigenous people at certain times colonialism must have been nice . 
  but to me this does n't make the horrible stuff any less horrible , but i get you here . 
  i have only briefly heard my father talk about ferguson and just browsed through his wiki , so i do n't really know too much about his precise views . 
   but he gives a fairly sober and reasonable account of what the british empire gave to the world yeah okay this does n't sound too bad , i just hope that he remembers to mention some of the genocidal activity britain participated in . 
  the thing that makes it disgusting to me is that brits often lack the self awareness over some of their horrible crimes against humanity , a book title like this almost seems to imply that the death of savages was a fair price for them to pay for us civilizing them . 
  the context here the brits still are proud of their empire . 
  59 % of respondents thought that the empire was more something to be proud of . 
  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/07/26/britain-proud-its-empire/ this is an empire that has existed parallel to the `` german empire '' . 
  any one who feels pride in that empire is treated like an asshole . 
  it was nazi scientists that put us on the moon you know , does n't redeem the empire now does it . 
  just one example for why the british empire maybe should n't be celebrated . 
  in 1943 there was a bengladeshi famine . 
  the brits deliberately blockaded canadians and americans from delivering aid . 
  the famine took the lives of 1-3 million people . 
   i mean look at the language we are communicating in for starters american you mean ? 
  no but seriously . 
  la lingua franca in europee continued to be french long after the seven days war . 
  in european cultural and diplomatic circles it continues to be so up until 1919 when the treaty of versailles was written in not only french but also english . 
  by 1945 the stage was set for english to quickly become the language of the world . 
  but both in ww1 and ww2 america had just as big a role to play as england . 
  so even though british english is seen as the `` right '' english , english is la lingua franca of the world because of american cultural , political and military dominance . 
  but yeah this is a side point, 
   ' britain never really had the same dominance culturally as the americans because of the lack of globalization in britain \u00b4 s peak ' when i wrote this i was mainly thinking of mainland europe sure britain shaped the world in many ways . 
  but they mainly shaped their own , humongus empire . 
  it is quite impressive how they could trick their empire into thinking cricket is a good sport . 
  britain did n't shape europe because french and german people did . 
  of course britain had an effect but the genuine british culture did little in comparison with what america did after the marshal plan . 
  by 1945 when the american empire started to rule the world there was communication technology to a degree that actual cultural was easily exported . 
  the reason that people in mainland europe speak english is in no way because britannia once ruled the waves , it 's because we 've seen the simpsons on tv since we were 5 years old . 
  with all this said , it is of course true that britain partly has shaped our modern world in some of it 's deeper constitution . 
  the magna charta , a parliamentary system , industrialization and for god 's sake football . 
  so admittedly you do have a fair point . 
  but even though it 's viable to say that britain shaped the world , the world was still shaped to a degree and often in synergy with other countries . 
  britain shaped the world , but they did it in symbiosis with france and with usa , and with a bunch of continental philosophers and with the vikings that raided england . 
  for example there was an english civil war in the 17th century in the name of some parliamentary ideals , then in 18th century there was an even more radical revolution in america that built upon the ideas of liberal english and european philosophers ( one of many reasons for why you should n't sell your american legacy short ) . 
  inspired by this revolution the french had a revolution that was even more radical . 
  when napoleon fought through europe he might have lost in the end . 
  but the ideas of the french revolution were spread through europe , changing the continent , and the world , forever . 
  a prominent chinese politician was asked once asked about his thoughts on the impact of the french revolution . 
  his reply was '' ` too early to say '' . 
  so my point is that saying `` how britain made the modern world '' , is nauseously nationalistic coming from a brit and also reduces the complicated ideas and processes that * actually * shaped the modern world . 
  just so you know niall ferguson is the kind of guy who thinks colonialism was pretty much okay and also supported the neo colonial iraq war , so personally i would n't listen to him . 
  there are as many interpretations of history as there are historians , so just because someone can present a view of history that appears true does n't mean that someone else ca n't do the same with a widely different view point . 
  personally i prefer someone like chomsky for analysis of the british . 
  i hope this wall of text makes some sense to you, 
  nice summary of their history . 
  if you go back to the medieval times the franks and normands have fucked up all kinds of people . 
  and yeah the proud french are pretty pissed about american cultural dominance . 
  britain never really had the same dominance culturally as the americans because of the lack of globalization in britains peak . 
  the british also have a huge inferiority complex against america because american culture has swooped away the british . 
  but i think that both the brits and the french have good reasons to be smug against each other , and feel proud about themselves . 
  with this said i doubt that people regularly go around and fret the 7 years war . 
  i do n't think that you can claim great britain to be superior to france because of some gdp numbers . 
  i think those two countries are more or less equals in the eyes of both . 
  by that i mean that both are convinced that they are superior to the other, 
  / r/finlandconspiracy its all a lie, 
  that it 's cool to be weird and fucked up . 
  it promoted ideas of questioning authority etc. 
  the movement is not ideologically consistent but has taken different forms in different places and eras . 
  but a unifying characteristic is that it 's anti-establishment , which is a good idea to have in society . 
  even tho it might not create bike paths, 
  they have bit of a history . 
  which involves france having better food and culture than the brits in general , not that that 's an achievement, 
  so what you are saying is that every country dukes the stats to varying degrees and that comparisons are unreliable ? 
  did n't he admit to profiting from his father 's profits just recently ? 
  none the less . 
  a government is supposef to be a representative of the people . 
  and if more than half the country would want him to step down and have new elections you are obliged to do so if you believe in democracy,
