  they also broke the sykes-picot agreement 99 years ago, 
  thanks for the insight into this question . 
  i get that there is a solid argument for some liberalisation of the work market . 
  but as a leftist my instinct is always to side with those striking and protesting . 
   that would be macron i think still hollande is the one in power , no ? 
  as a leftists he seems like blairite scum to me, 
  your view of britains level of power is unrealistic , which is comical, 
  kids look . 
  this is what british delusions of grandieur look like, 
  having a degree in economics doesnt mean you comorehend national economy or politics . 
  imo hollande could have been a very good president if he had a spine . 
  but inatead he is like a cronie of merkel, 
  as if this matters, 
  they also have a gdp the size of italy lol, 
  yeah i know . 
  but originally some people have meant with social democracy what you mean with democratic socialism . 
  the guy is just trying to appeal to a surely confused american, 
  huh , i live in this neighborhood . 
  there was a wild moose chase around my block while i was sleeping in my bed . 
   us intelligence helped saddam 's ba ` ath party seize power for the first time in 1963 . 
  evidence suggests that saddam was on the cia payroll as early as 1959 , when he participated in a failed assassination attempt against iraqi strongman abd al-karim qassem . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cia_activities_in_iraq https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ba%27athist_iraq well you absolutely did . 
  but yeah america cant be blamed for everything, 
  jesus , the fact that your dumbass comments are getting upvoted makes want to leave this sub forever, 
  well america had responsibility for a coup that put his party into power back in the day, 
   oh , right , he was criticizing the un-authorized no-fly zone over iraq at the time he was also criticizing the sanctions that killed hundreds of thousands . 
  i 've been to krakow old town and for some reasons it felt cultured . 
  you have the holocaust , polish ghettos , kopernikus , the guy who was both polish and swedish king lived there . 
  so i assumed it was liberal  we are the only eu member with visa requirement if you want to enter the usa huh , why is that ? 
  that 's kinda like taking 40 euros from every citizen in the metropolitan area and give it out to siemens and various corrupt and semi corrupt officials, 
  even tho i was told finland was the least corrupt country in the world in high school :( sadly being less corrupt than everyone else does n't apparently mean that you are free from corruption, 
  we spent a couple millions on an investigation into getting automated metros . 
  in the end it was decided that it is too expensive to get driverless metros, 
  i 've been to krakow . 
  it feels like the boston or oxford of poland . 
  the beautiful old architecture and the weight of history . 
  kopernikus lived there . 
  i 'm implying that there is a `` liberal '' bubble in krakow . 
  i have no fucking clue about this shit really . 
  btw warsaw must be one of the most depressing cities i 've been to, 
  sort of like how only around 24.5 % of american adults voted for bush in 2000, 
  maybe you live in krakow or something ? 
  violent resistance pretty much, 
  gib catalonian clay falangist scum, 
  you are very russian, 
   actually it is not changed that much  finland is not in nato and probably never be since it is strongly dependant on russian economy . 
  so is estonia and they are running their mouth like crazy motherfuckers . 
  finland could have joined nato like most of the east bloc but we decided not to . 
  russia has a great influence over many of it 's smaller neighbors but not really over finland . 
  we have a stable economy and also eu members , which means we are a part of the lisbon treaty . 
  finlandisation is mostly a thing of the past . 
  do n't confuse good relations with your country exercising power . 
  but i suppose that you assume that any country with good relationships with you are weak finlandisers, 
  if the base year was 2007 instead of 2004 the final numbers would be much more ugly . 
  finland economy for example has basically not moved from it 's 2007 level . 
  these stats make a bad situation look slightly more nice, 
   why would they fire him ? 
  because he was a racist asshole . 
  insulting one of the competitors and also being racist, 
  uhh , weed is legal , or tolerated at least , that 's pretty nice , are n't there nice canals and shit and buildings in holland ? 
  why move from such a nice place ? 
  i mean that 's just one racist , tere 's a lot more elsewhere , i mean everywhere in the world unfourtunately edit : pretty sick that he has n't gotten fired , i mean should n't you at least * try * not to be a racist asshole, 
  i sense a bit of irony here :d are n't the dutch basically legendary for being a bunch of tolerant motherfuckers ? 
  i do n't know at all, 
   it 's a shitty situation with no real solution . 
  yup , you described the world sort of :d, 
  there is a particular sort of person who in normal cases go around claiming that false rape accusations is the holocaust of the 21st century , until some refugees assault someone and then that 's the problem , it 's a comic contrast but ofc both of those things are a problem , it 's just funny that that 's the person chooses those two things to be outraged over . 
  are you moving to the califate insallah , 
  wow , deep shit bro, 
  capitalism creates wealth ? 
  damn , i though work was creating wealth , apparently i got it all wrong . 
  anyhow what 's your issue with marxist theory ? 
   he does n't know about the immortal science of marxism-leninism, 
  i love when people critique marx by saying : he said the wrong things that are stupid and not true . 
  right wingers treat marx like normal people treat ayn rand, 
  economy is much less scientific than they pretend . 
  the germans have a historical fear for hiking inflation , making them more monetaristic , while the french view central banks as active participants in the economy, 
  i see but i dont see a green party being against that kind of market . 
  markets and free market are these mythical ideological objects in our political system . 
  not sure about the value they really have, 
  you can seek asylum in norway as a russia citizen, 
  russian ? 
   4 ) be much stricter with benefits . 
  a healthy young man should not be able to spend his days doing nothing at the expense of the tax payer . 
  there is nothing that makes young muslims want to blow up things more than getting benefits  5 ) strictly forbid religious discussions and materials in prison . 
  against human rights  6 ) go to war with islam : it should be treated with the same contempt as nazism . 
  do i even need to say anything here ? 
  basically you are a fucking idiot and id rather have al-baghdadi as mayor in my hometown than put you in charge, 
  vive la revolution, 
   they are all unworkable , unfeasible or just plain bad in the long run well as a layman who thinks melenchon sounds pretty good you havent really changed my mind . 
  can you precise ? 
  are you a non layman ? 
  student of economy or politics ? 
   if you just add costs to things as destroying common goods then it no longer has anything to do with the free market . 
  it would be great but all market forces are violently against this . 
  when exxon found out out that climate change was real in the 80s they immediatly started a campaign of obfuscation and lies about the issue . 
  that 's the free market for you . 
  the truth is that our current form of capitalism is totally unprepared to deal with the climate catastrophy that is coming , hundreds of millions will die , and the market wont save us, 
   i just do n't think we should drive down the cost to zero well do n't pretend it has anything to do with the environment . 
  also the market will never solve environmental problems,
