  hehehe yeah that 's a dumb idea, 
  really ? 
  what is a plausible reason for this ? 
  has integration been successful ( ish ) in britain ? 
  kinda like how the amercan republic is dying . 
  i like how americans downvote this shit . 
  there are a lot of paralells between the roman transition from republic to empire and the american, 
  you guys really fucked it up with that vote , did n't you ? 
  they say that you can see estonia from the olympic tower in helsinki on a bright day, 
  nah , i could n't disagree more . 
  the fact is that the dictatorship in saudi arabia was originally propped up by the brits and after ww2 they were propped up by the americans . 
  this is a state that has a judicial system closely related to isis , treats guest workers as slaves and represses all attempts at political reform , i could continue . 
  why is the west supporting these people ? 
  for oil obviously . 
  americans keep troops in the country to protect their valuable resources . 
  all arabs and most muslims are upset that america is effectively occupying the land of mecca and medina . 
  then we have the failed , obviously neo-colonial conquest of iraq , which has led to so much death and destruction in the middle east . 
  i mean is n't it pretty obvious that if you live in the middle east you hate america ? 
  the west ca n't ever change the soul of islam . 
  and we ca n't bomb away the parts of islam that are destructive . 
  what we can do is hold ourselves accountable for our own actions . 
  and if we do some soul searching we can see that a lot of the problems in the middle east the last 100 years derive from western action in the name of different causes . 
  so what is your opinion on the `` debate '' on the middle east ? 
  what angles should we focus on ? 
  does he mean that it stretches 13 years back to the iraq war . 
  or 97 years back , to when the brits put the current saud family into power in saudi arabia ? 
  what a shame that he deleted it , he makes an excellent point, 
  george bush disagrees http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/oct/07/iraq.usa i would imagine that some right wing israelis are encouraging murder in the name of religion . 
  but yeah , europeans generally do n't kill in the name of christianity , except breivik . 
  well the jews are n't a race either but that did n't stop hitler, 
  us christians and jews are sensible enough to kill people by bombing the from the sky . 
  when we kill civilians it 's not terrorism of course , it 's unfortunate collateral damage, 
  do you know why soviet did n't work ? 
  it was that damn crony-communism, 
  c a p i t a l i s m a p i t a l i s m, 
  literal\u00f6y in this same thread i had a long as debate about guns . 
  all my posts were downvoted because i had the wrong opinion . 
  not necause of invalud arguments . 
  so do n't ypu fucking dare to pretend that you guys are sole sort of intellectual nuanced thinkers, 
  literally an nra talking point, 
  it 's my understanding that in some rural parts of finland the number one hobby is to get drunk and stab your drinking buddy in the stomach . 
  but yeah with that said , i like being able to cut vegetables with a sharp knife etc. 
  though i think it 's much easier to kill someone with a gun than a knife . 
  just stabbing someone once wo n't kill them . 
  you have to get close up and personal and really do it . 
  people are always gon na be able to kill each other . 
  guns simply lower the barrier for the murder to actually happen and be successful . 
  there are shit loads of guns in finland , still we do n't have to many problems beside the 2-3 mass shootings in recent years . 
  i 'm not extremely passionate about this issue , but the prevalence of pro-gun macho wannabe culture in finland annoys . 
  if the government wants to keep my drugs illegal they might as well keep most guns illegal for all i care . 
   say if someone hacked cia or imf and there came law that demanded you to give in your computer because someone did something illegal . 
  or whatever is your hobby , say it 's training dogs and someone trained their dogs to attack people indiscriminately and set them loose and eu would ban dogs . 
  would any of that sound remotely reasonable ? 
  interesting thought game . 
  i would argue that most of your examples are n't really equivalent to the banning of certain types of fire arms . 
  computers and training of dogs are things that have specific utilitarian purposes . 
  these things are not inherently dangerous . 
  guns on the other hand are a different story . 
  they are of course a fun hobby for most people . 
  but a gun is a machine specifically built to kill or seriously wound humans or animals . 
  i 'm not a big fan of hunting , but i 'm not against it . 
  for hunting it has a specific purpose . 
  i think a lot of people who have guns think they are safer because of them even if is n't necessarily the case , ( suicide , children , playing with a gun when drunk , whatever ) . 
  i think people should have a right to self actualization . 
  but what kind of right is it to own a weapon that kill like a hundred people in a few minutes . 
  is it the right to feel that you have power ? 
  is it the right to feel like a real man ? 
  i 'm not a fan of authoritarianism and such . 
  i think people should have the right to do heroin without being thrown in jail . 
  the difference between heroin and guns , is that heroin is a substance that is used to improve your own mood . 
  guns are machines that are built to kill people . 
  you 'd have to agree that there 's a difference . 
  anyway i think every one can agree that there needs to be some kind of line drawn as to how powerful weapons a person can own . 
  our differences are simply in where we would like to draw the line . 
   regarding national security , well you realize finland pretty much only has reserves in regards to national safety ? 
  if we lack active people whom do not actively practice it 's no different from having no real capability to defend ourselves , no ? 
  this argument is flawed . 
  there is no reason that people who want to shoot the guns ca n't do it at a range without owning the weapon . 
  as for the real threat of invasion , it \u00b4 s obviously much smaller than is perceived in the minds of finns . 
  if you 'd like i could talk about that . 
  in your earlier comment you claimed  i 'm not 100 % what 's the % of legal and illegal weapons in those cases but somewhere in 2010 i think it was 1/13 , where there was 13 shootings and 1 was done with legally obtained gun . 
  according to your own source . 
  this thing here says that 17 % of killings were with guns . 
  and that of those cases , over half were with illegally owned guns . 
  that 's a large percentage . 
  over 50 % at least , but that 's presumably much less than the 92 % you were claiming earlier . 
  i think you confused the amount of deaths by legally obtained handguns in relation to killings over all with the ratio between legal and illegal gun killings . 
  this here says that illegal guns are often legal to start with . 
  which means that a restriction of legal guns would have an effect on the amount of illegal guns . 
   i do n't think that 1/150 -300 is going to stop for not having a legally obtained gun , they are just going to use something else or get one illegally . 
  as i stated earlier that number is incorrect . 
  but anyway . 
  let 's say a woman finds her husband cheating . 
  in the spur of the moment she is angry and wants to kill him . 
  she ca n't beat him to death because she is weaker . 
  but she has a gun in the house . 
  she takes the handgun and kills him . 
  i 'm not saying that handguns should be banned necessarily but it 's absurd to suggest that banning guns would n't lower homicide rates . 
  it might be possible to get illegal weapons in finland . 
  but for young mentally ill men it might not be possible .
