  that idea is just racist, 
   i for one see no reason to believe that they will behave in the same way that our parents generation behaved ok so you are apparently better than professionals at estimating population growth . 
  anyway experts have another opinion than you . 
  you are implying that these people will have to rely on government assistance . 
  which they will , but in the end it is no doubt economically beneficial . 
  http://simonhedlin.com/2013/01/21/demographic-cliff-ahead/ but let 's not dwell on demographics . 
  you seem to not like our muslim friends at all . 
   wether you like it or not . 
  these people arent europeans . 
  they have grown up under largley undemocratic , unsecular regimes . 
  they have grown up in countries where respectign womens rigths to vote and womens rights to handle their own lives does not exist . 
  they come from regions where ethnicity is not a diffuse concept of nationality , but something that you kill each other for . 
  the syrians actually lived under a secular dictatorship back in the day . 
  much like you did . 
  but your problem is probably with them being muslim . 
  women 's rights is a problem in islam but that problem will become smaller as they integrate into european culture . 
  fun fact , the swiss women got the vote in 1971 , the syrians did in 1953 . 
  fact remains . 
  the syrians are often educated and stem from a civilized society . 
  sooner or later they will integrate . 
   they come from regions where ethnicity is not a diffuse concept of nationality , but something that you kill each other for . 
  a lot of the chaos in the middle east stems from the colonial times . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement genocide is n't a part of their culture or dna . 
  i can promise you they wo n't genocide each other inside europe . 
  also i would n't expect such a smug attitude about genocide from an austrian . 
  that was before there were brown people in our back yards, 
  are they really safe in turkey ? 
  what about iraq ? 
  whether you like it or not the population in europe is getting old and numerically smaller . 
  immigration is a way to combat that . 
   we are at war with the muslim world yeah you 're right . 
  maybe it 's not about color . 
  after all we were at war with the jews 70 years ago, 
  nope probably not . 
  us europeans just enjoy focusing on how things affect us . 
  the real refugee crisis is not in europe . 
  it 's in turkey , lebanon and other neighboring countries, 
  it might very well be erdogan too, 
  this is the answer . 
  also this refugee crisis is nice misdirection from the situation in greece , where the german establishment basically blackmailed them into submission . 
  both groups are human beings . 
  the problem is that many europeans do n't seem to have any empathy for them because they are brown , muslim , foreigners . 
  this is a very small party . 
  they are under threat to fall out of parliament unless they do something populist like this, 
  serious, 
  i 'm afraid that it 's gon na happen everywhere eventually . 
  i do n't like the thought of the government having more tools to control the population . 
  also , even though they say they 'll use it for '' a biobank to reform health care '' it 's likely they will use it for criminal investigations . 
  when the swedish foreign minister was killed like 10 years ago they used a data base like this to get the dna of a suspect . 
  since 1975 there have been blood samples of new borns in sweden to quickly diagnose genetic diseases . 
  these tests have been saved for research purposes . 
  when the police had a suspect but did n't have him in custody they still wanted his dna to make some tests . 
  from the saved blood sample they got the dna and concluded that it was the same as on the murder weapon . 
  a dna base like the one the estonians are preparing is surely going to be abused by the police at some point . 
   such as criminal investigations i think it would be pretty spooky . 
  i do n't like the idea of the government collecting everyone 's dna if they will use it for criminal investigations . 
  it 's my dna and i should be able to choose what i do with it . 
   should tell you what your future holds when the demographic bomb blows and suddenly these people vastly outnumber everyone else . 
  well , there would be much fewer of those muslims if he and bush had n't invaded iraq, 
  meh , the left-wing is in a bit of identity crisis . 
  back in the day the socialists where a realistic threat so bismarck defused their power by giving them some welfare . 
  today when there are more resources the world has taken a sharp rightward turn, 
   cultural phenomenon 1789 , 1848 , 1871 , 1968 the french are good at cultural phenomena . 
  yup . 
  that 's france . 
  birthplace of the popular democracy . 
  not only parliamentary democracy , also corporate . 
  oh fuck , climate change and rising ocean levels is gon na fuck you guys up . 
  it 's a shame , i like your country :(, 
  at least there was no bail out to gree ... oh wait a minute . 
  they have n't kept a single promise have they ? 
  i ca n't believe that the top comments look like this . 
  why would you dismiss the critique of these trade agreements as left-wing populism ? 
  these things are huge threats to our democracy , our health and to our economies . 
  what 's wrong with him, 
  it 's not like sweden would turn into 1984 because racism is illegal . 
  hitler could n't legally come to power in sweden in accordance with this law , i 'm okay with that . 
  larger political problems in sweden is their dreadful treatment of drug users and addicts , and their prostitution law , where the buyer and not the seller is considered a criminal , a system that has lead to more prostitution in sweden . 
  in general the swedes have a smug tendency to assume that what ever they are doing always is the best . 
  you can purchase health insurance and get awesome health care relatively cheap, 
  gongratulations you picked apart my statement and insulted it . 
  i am finnish so naturally i do n't really have my finger on the pulse of american society . 
  none the less my two examples are in my opinion quite interesting . 
  the fact that a news channel would fire someone so they would n't question an upcoming war is pretty unsettling . 
  the fact that 70 % of americans believed hussein had links to 9/11 in 2003 should not be dismissed . 
  you make it seem as if the public believed this simply because they were stupid . 
  fox news anchors kept mentioning saddam and 9/11 in the same sentence , indirectly implying a link . 
  the american public felt that it the iraq war was revenge for 9/11 . 
  the american media failed to properly mention that saddam was n't related to 9/11 . 
  if that is n't evidence for a quite biased news media i do n't know what is . 
  but again you might be more informed than me . 
  was there somewhat critical news reporting at the time ? 
  is there constructive mainstream media today ? 
  well your media was shit http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/washington/2003-09-06-poll-iraq_x.htm i remember that phil donahue was fired from msnbc a few weeks before the war because he would have questioned it . 
  it 's just my general perception that the american mainstream media was , and is , very dysfunctional . 
  if you think otherwise please tell me why . 
  the issue is far more complex than you present it . 
  the american media , especially during the bush years , was incredibly servile to the white house and establishment in general . 
  no one was questioning the iraq war , the patriot act etc. 
  the mainstream media is still today very much a tool of the powerful in america .
