  i think that new elections are implied after cameron doing stuff that his electorate dont like, 
  36 % of those who showed up to vote gave tories their vote . 
  i must say i 'm impressed how the british press has mobilized to de-legitimize jeremy corbyn . 
  it 's a shame cause he would no doubt be better for britain and the world, 
   there 's no reason for him to resign anyway profiting from father 's tax dodging without disclosing it to anyone, 
  your vision is nice , i hope this comes true, 
  i think even tho life was hard . 
  it probably was one of the nicest places on earth before hardcore modernity . 
  the mountains , the sun , the sea breeze , the food . 
  i swear i 'm seriously considering joining a communist party just so i can fill that out next time i go to the states, 
  such a beautiful place . 
  i get a vibe like greece is a tibet of europe, 
  you make a solid point , but none the less i disagree . 
  it was nice reading about european cultural history though, 
  i was just asking a question . 
  so by your logic canada has a higher duty to assist paraguay than iceland ? 
  what it seems to me is that when you are saying fellow europeans you actually mean , white slavic people or white christian people . 
  am i correct ? 
  because in my mind it 's absurd to say that solidarity with the continent of europe is a thing that by necessity is more important than solidarity with fellow humans . 
  to the spaniards morocco is just as close as serbia or moldova is to you, 
  so inherently morrocans are less worth than moldovian in your opinion , because ... ? 
  back to / pol / adolf, 
  so white people equal friend ? 
  cool cool, 
  what methods exactly ? 
  real fucking different . 
  nazism was based on the power of the german nation state . 
  when it collapsed , so did the ideology . 
  islamic extremism exists independent of any nation, 
   that it can no longer be used to describe actual nazis in any meaningful way . 
  which , let 's be clear . 
  the kerbola guy 's previous party absolutely was . 
  i 'm gon na defend the article . 
  it was really entertaining and good concise analysis of the slovak political climate, 
  or maybe they do n't want a women 's day rally as that would probably be more anti than pro erdogan , as erdogan is quite a bit islamic and conservetive compared to a lot of turks, 
  pearls to swine, 
  british democracy is funny . 
  last time you had a revolution was for like 400 years ago . 
  is n't it time again ? 
  yeah but it just sounds really fucking weird as they are cackling , obviously not genuinely , so as not to let the opposition leader speak, 
  make hungary great again, 
   it is not someone saying shit on tumblr . 
  most media are owned by couple companies that are ok with blaming poland for holocaust cry me a river, 
  so what ? 
  this argument is not about history . 
  it 's about being thrown in jail for having the wrong opinion . 
  this is seriously worryingly close to facism, 
  unlikely but possible, 
  quick summary . 
  last saturday some kurdish guy was injured by a gun wound after taking part in some pro kurd demonstration . 
  people from the demonstration claimed the attack was politically motivated . 
  now a turkish local was bombed , probably in retaliation . 
  no injuries reported so far, 
  fuck erdogan edit one love to the people of turkey, 
  unemployed people without a purpose in life, 
  `` making robberies into larcenies . 
  making rapes disappear . 
  you juke the stats , and majors become colonels . '', 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ogxzxu6cjm i think that 's how they do it in modern semi corrupt institutions . 
   it being on a gun friendly site has fuck all to do with it 's credibility . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  sure , machines that kill people at the squeeze of a trigger ca n't have anything to do with any murder rates, 
  it does matter . 
  it is incredibly how in germany , land of ordnung etc , it is possible that two trains head on collide, 
   maanpuolustus.net how surprising that they think guns are awesome the point with the article is not the point just the factual quotes, 
  yeah but i 'm actually right on the substance, 
  if you want to believe your gut . 
  you are free to do so, 
  premise 1 : there are more guns in northern , than southern finland ( you agree , no ? ), 
  in helsinki or turku people have no need for hunting rifles because it 's probably less popular to hunt if you live in a big city premise 2 : there are more murders in northern , than southern finland , ( absolute fact ) conclusion : there is a correlation between the amount of murders and amount of firearms/capita in finland if you look at the world you 'll find that this is often the case . 
  now you might argue that there is no causality what so ever between the amount of fire arms and amount of murders . 
  or you might , as i do , speculate that the amount of firearms in northern finland is a factor that should be considered in explaining the surprising murder rate in this part of finland . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/something_terrible_has_happened_does_finland_need_to_wake_up_to_its_gun_problem/8535425  `` one in every eight finns is a legal firearm owner - the highest rate in the eu . '', 
   `` attending to firearm-related incidents is a regular part of police work in finland , the country with the highest rate of gun deaths in the eu '', 
   if you want to understand the issue more i recommend you study economics note taken , thank you . 
  but the area of northern finland where the murders are most usual are in places were one would assume firearms to be more usual . 
  a factor ? 
  perhaps , perhaps not . 
  i surrender , this is too much text . 
  you win, 
  my gut :d no seriously finland is like number 3 in the world for firearms/capita . 
  presumably a lot of them are in the north for hunting . 
  edit : finland is actually 16th in 2014 for guns/capita . 
  i was speaking out of my gut truly . 
  but the over all point still stands, 
  hehe, 
   it is literally the domain of very stupid people . 
  if the mind is too closed you might not have believed that the nsa is looking at our phones . 
  but yeah this debate is starting to seem kinda repetitive :d i agree with you mostly, 
   actually less than 20 % of homicides in finland are committed with a firearm . 
  the typical weapon is knife . 
  has little to do with firearms . 
  but on the other hand access to fire arms is probably much larger in northern finland . 
  obviously it is a factor as finland has a lot of guns, 
  cool, 
  america is an empire that does evil stuff the earth has never been flat, 
  conspiracies exist though many are bullshit , some are not . 
  i agree with most of your points but you should at least keep a slightly open mind, 
  i 'm sure some people were called nuts for suggesting the nsa stuff . 
  not trying to prove a point abouyt petro dollars , just that sometimes there are real conspiracies .
