  i 'm just saying that these are probably people who do n't mind being martyrs . 
  i do n't mind the downvotes . 
  it just annoys me how little nuance i see about these issues , not just on this subreddit but also in western media in general . 
  well catalans had good reasons at the time to be afraid of the military in madrid . 
  the catalans have their own language and appearently do n't feel very spanish , so why should n't they be able to make their own nation ? 
  do n't people have the right to self-determination ? 
  also think of the awesome spain vs catalonia football matches . 
  well said, 
  you have infinite amounts of debt and your political system is falling apart . 
  maybe you should stop talking shit and start paying debts . 
  of course your politicians will do what is best for your country , you are a well functioning european democrazy . 
  you will never turn into greece . 
  they had 30 years of corruption and humongus budget deficits to get to where they are today . 
  you are a good bunch of people and i am convinced your long term future will be brighter if you are n't chained together with an ageing empire that has an inferiority complex towards the us . 
  economic hardship is temporary but freedom lasts forever . 
  back in the days the headline would have been kgb find us recruiter in moldova . 
  one thing to remember with all of these greenpeace and pussy riot people is that a part of them probably love to be martyrs . 
  are there reasons to believe that this was done as an official act of aggression from russia in response to obama 's visit to estonia ? 
  or is it more likely that this was simply some fsb guys who thought they could get away with this ? 
  russia has moved troops out of ukraine according to porosjenko . 
  that is de-escalation . 
  yup , but that 's not really because of immigration, 
  tl ; dr microsoft sent a double agent ceo to fuck finland in the ass . 
  the headline very much misrepresents the contents of the article . 
  it 's a pretty straightforward analysis of swedish politics . 
  the guardian is btw the main leftist/liberal uk paper, 
  if you had read the article you 'd know sweden is doing brilliantly economically . 
  s : t petersburg seems like helsinki on steroids . 
  why are the europeans escalating the conflict when there is a cease fire at the moment . 
  surely the russians will see this a provocation . 
  edit could people stop downvoting me every time i try putting this conflict into perspective ? 
  he is a former school bully and a relentless careerist . 
  he only became pm because a guy senior to him in his party took the eu job he wanted . 
  also it is possible that he is a vampire . 
  i love plenty of the benefits the union has had and i adore the whole concept on an ideological level . 
  there is no reason why the world should be divided into national states that define who i am . 
  i think our continent can be managed better if there is a certain amount of concentration of power and our matters are organized collectively . 
  now for the negative sides . 
  the economic co-operation of the euro-zone is good on paper , but it obviously has n't worked too well without the necessary political integration . 
  austerity in southern europe might be good for berlin , but is sure as hell is n't good for the people of southern europe . 
  the eu has bent forwards to the fears and needs of big banks and financial institutions . 
  the big transnational corporations have too much influence over europe . 
  the free markets are not always a good thing . 
  all of the working class jobs have moved to china and they have been replaced by unnecessarily big bureaucracies that give white collar work to the people . 
  the world is changing and the eu is not always working for the good of the european people . 
  so in other words the greek economy is still shrinking . 
  ridiculous . 
  does this mean what i think it means . 
  vive la revolution :d !!!!!, 
  but he did n't do it . 
  is n't it logical for a leader to consider all options ? 
  hell no , finland is fucked by irrational austerity and dumbass sanctions . 
  our economy will return to 2007 level in something like 2017 . 
  it fucking sucks . 
  what are you talking about lol, 
  remember people , obama is a lot of talk and little action . 
  kokoomus on mafia . 
  you might hate finlandization but you ca n't deny that it 's the smartast thing to do for finland . 
  this is true, 
  i wonder if he will visit sadamarket, 
  man hollande has absolutely no integrity . 
  not a good week for us . 
  it was my pleasure . 
  this comment was uninteresting so i downvoted you . 
  healtcare is n't free in all of europe . 
  i 'll have you know that when i cut up my head playing football and an ambulance picked me up and took me to a hospital to get 7 stitches i had to pay a grand total of 45 euros . 
  also in all of europe *, 
  the amount of right-wing people in these comments is too damn high . 
  fuck the farmers . 
  no one likes them . 
  is that keanu reeves on the right ? 
  helsinki is problematic especially since it 's located at a peninsula, 
  the economist are pretty evil if i 've understood everything correctly, 
  helsinki property prices are currently ridiculously overpriced . 
  not enough houses for everyone who want 's to come here . 
  maybe you are n't a real finn ? 
  it 's swedish but `` lagom \u00e4r b\u00e4st '' it means average is best , which says a lot about swedish culture . 
  great post, 
  sanctions a shit . 
  so now russian poor people will go hungry while the eu destroy food so that prices wo n't go down . 
  this conflict is just retarded . 
  personally i would choose suomenlinna as wooden architecture is n't impressive to me . 
  suomenlinna was at it 's time a state of the att fortress that capitulated way too easily . 
  this event made finland a part of russia and therefore shaped our history . 
  it is also very beautiful and an excellent place to have a picnic on . 
  we like to think of us nordics as social democratic but truth is we are nothing but welfare capitalists these days . 
  first of all comparing putin to hitler is ridiculous . 
  you ca n't learn concrete things from history . 
  the russians were protesting in the streets before the crim conflict and sanctions , now he has the highest approval rating of a long time . 
  sanctions are an act of aggression and they only serve to drive people apart and strenghten the cremlin 's power in russia . 
  if nato had been disolved after the collapse of the society union we would never be in this mess . 
  they have expanded eastwards and there is no reason for russia to trust the west . 
  the western world needs to comprehend what it did to provoke russian attack and europe and russia need to find enough common ground not to be locked into infinite cold war . 
  the sanctions are currently only drivning russia closer to china , which is a much more serious opponent of the west . 
  you seriously could n't find anything more exciting than rauma ? 
  i am not apologising for russia , but it is necessary to see things from their perspective . 
  the problem we are facing here is war and we should do everything we can to avoid the war continuing . 
  is there anything controversial with this opinion . 
  russia invaded , yes . 
  but they have reasons to do that .
