  these daily show comedians became the only people questioning the status quo . 
  in polls it 's shown that people like colbert and stewart are seen as more trusted than cnn , msnbc , fox and the main newspapers . 
  the responsibility to inform the public was neglected by the news media so comedians have taken over that job . 
  it 's quite tragic . 
  in / r/europe the most sensible comments are downboted and the most xenophobic ones are at the top . 
  so gongrats, 
  naah lets just assume that this proves that every refugee is actually an ungrateful migrant . 
  definitely a huge issue with an eu army . 
  a lot of nations are really opposed to all interventionism , especially because of the experiences in this millennia . 
  i guess that 's why it makes sense to have the army require unanimous support from all participating nations ( at what point is this term obsolete :d ) . 
  but the eu army could surely be extremely useful for enforcing un policy and such . 
  aaa , now that you say so it makes sense, 
  agent provocateurs are real things , but so are violent anarchists ofc, 
  all of them . 
  at least when you 're gone . 
  no but of course a common defense would be in a treaty much like nato 's article 5, 
  the prime cause for such an army would be defensive . 
  the eu has no need of attacking foreign countries . 
  you might not understand this since you have primarily attacked countries ever since the normans conquered you, 
   maybe that is just my german soul and our experiences after ww1 that tells me that . 
  i actually read a paper for school recently and they claimed that this is one of the main reasons that germans think that the central banks should only maintain price levels and not take any further part in the economy . 
  funny how we are shaped by our cultures, 
   germany and france have tried to get get new eu laws trough to regulate the finacial sectors problem is that their visions are sort of different . 
  germany has traditionally been quite monetarist while france is more keynesian , so their visions of what the ecb should do and how rules are enforced means that the eu has a hard time at directing effective policy . 
  the germans especially have a quite punitive view of how the crisis should be handled , it is this german view of things that dominating the eu . 
  so the greeks could blame the french in so far that they are complacent to german austerity through out europe . 
   they just thought the whole western world is evil and all of the people who are not like them just serve the evil . 
  hmm , sound sort of similar to my views :d . no wonder that i think they sound reasonable . 
  no but european values are extremely important . 
  what we actually have done and are doing is n't always as nice . 
  but we should n't lose sight of our values . 
  the rest of the world does n't seem to have so much of it , so we need to compensate . 
   to trow grenades at embassies or stones at police officers wont change a thing . 
  acts of terrorism and vandalism are not tactics i really agree with . 
  but it would ludicrous to suggest that it never has had an important role in implementing change . 
   in the end there is no my or their reality we all live in the same reality . 
  absolutely . 
  which is why it is important to try to understand the viewpoints of different groups . 
  otherwise things like brexit and trump will keep happening, 
  far away from your reality . 
  there is quite a mainstream leftist argument that says that germany and france are the stooges of international finance etc, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  this is why free markets arent inherent\u00f6y good . 
  `` oh our workers want to mane more than 4 euros an our ? 
  guess they wont mind their jobs going to china , haha '', 
  imperialists gon na imperiliaze, 
  the difference between greece and poland would be that the poles did n't want communism and they most definitely did n't want to be dominated by russia . 
  in greece stalin did nothing , the communist there were home grown after fighting the nazis for like 5 years . 
  when britain invaded they mainly did n't fight germans but rather greeks of anarchist/socialist politics who had liberated greece already . 
  greece would not have become a satellite of moscow . 
  rather a part or close ally of yugoslavia . 
  which would n't necessarily have been bad for them . 
  so i 'm sure you see the difference now . 
  britain did n't invade greece out of benevolence but rather out of larger geo political and imperialist reasons . 
  remember the british empire was still existing at this point . 
  greece is really useful for controlling the bosphorus and the suez canal i think . 
   yugoslavia became a non-aligned communist state with very limited soviet or british influence i think that the west actually aided yugoslavia a bit during the cold war but kept it quiet . 
  on the other hand the americans have been indicating that debt relief is a good idea . 
  so at least obama ought to be much more popular than any german official . 
  where does the anti-american sentiment come from ? 
  anger at imperialism of america and britain killing communists and installing dictators after the second world war ? 
  or is it a cyprus thing ? 
  i 'm 21 but i 'm still a fucking baby in many ways, 
  seems kinda fucked up on first look , but you would assume that the german legal process is creible, 
  very interesting . 
  portugal is then seemingly quite close to the brics nations . 
  you would understand if nations like france and germany are upset by this since it might threaten european hegemony somewhat, 
  which is worse in a way, 
  there is something quite satisfying about an `` indian government spokesman '' exercising power over the prime minister of britain . 
  thinking about how much churchill is spinning in his grave gives me great joy, 
  itt : people confusing legality of an act with their gut reaction, 
  do some charity in the jungles of the philipines , better be sure not to talk to anyone who could potentially be an islamic terrorist . 
  you might get murdered by your government . 
  if a government decides to kill specific people a trial is needed . 
  anything else increases the powers of the governments over everyone in the world, 
  you never have a list of enemy combatants to kill . 
  i highly doubt it , at least not in the coming one or two decades . 
  everyone is so interdependent at this point . 
  there is really little reason to reverse to old school nations . 
  the eu can undergo huge reforms though of course, 
  france could as well to be completely fair, 
  join the navy , see the world , catch every continent specific pokemon, 
  this election is pretty interesting . 
  the smaller scale seems to allow for a democracy that is n't quite as easily corruptable and open to new ideas such as those of the pirate party, 
  i disagree . 
  i think european politics is in desperate need of people with alternative ideas gaining power . 
  but in the case of podemos i 'm obviously not as well versed as you, 
  btw while i have your attention do you have any good recommendation of a news source about spain that is somewhat leftist/anarchist/liberal in english ? 
  to me it sounds like there should have been some form of larger possibly centrist coalition government . 
  it is possible in war time so why not now, 
  lol , appearently blairites exist everywhere, 
   moci\u00f3n de censura vote of confidence perhaps ? 
  looking at your politics i would be thrilled to have an alternative to the traditional ruling parties, 
  wahlroos is the finnish example of an absolute liberal right winger . 
  this is a bit funny because it shows that basic income is not some form of radical idea . 
  at it 's core it 's really just a way of managing a system of welfare more cost effectively in a time where less work is available . 
  you can draw parallels to how bismarck created a welfare society to prevent a socialist revolution . 
  if you are a lithuanian and 50 of your countrymen died you probably dont like it gettung trivialized, 
  and capitalist commercials https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgm14d1jhuw, 
  yeah in the circumstances it was pretty alright .
