gorbatjov was promised that nato would n't expand beyond germany . 
  the west have actively been encouraging regime change in russia . 
  these are reasons to get mad . 
  or you would live in a free eu estonia , that was n't a nato member and had good relations with russia . 
  nato expansion eastwards is the reason we are in this mess . 
  you people do n't get it , geopolitics are not about right or wrong . 
  they are about reality . 
  if you poke a bear and it scratches you it 's not really your fault , it 's the bear 's fault for being easily offended . 
  but this does not mean that poking the bear was a smart thing to do . 
  do n't fucking poke it . 
  finland is not 100 % dependent on russian gas as the artikel claims . 
  solid comment, 
  maybe finland 's fucking president knows a little bit more than you about this shit . 
  finland joining nato would be sen as an aggression on russia and would escalate everything in europe . 
  n-no , m-my mum would n't . . 
  i do n't know , fuck you, 
   you are no doubt an idiot . 
  stop with the bullying . 
  did n't you do enough of it as a kid ? 
  not really the problem in finland . 
  our government is just too broad politically . 
  conservative and liberal , right and left . 
  there are parties in the government who sabotage for each other and scramble for political points . 
  this in a time where a unified , strong , politically consistent government would be needed . 
  i do n't know about that . 
   it 's disingenuous to rate him now according to what he was like in middle school . 
  this is a good point . 
  but when i hear stories about him during his life and see him act and talk as a politician it paints a picture of him that is n't very impressive . 
  in my eyes he is a focused as fuck careerist . 
  this does n't mean that he wo n't do a good job as pm , it just means he acts in accordance to what is good for him , not for his country . 
  well our current government is a coalition that is way too broad so they ca n't agree on anything inside the government and they have done a really shitty job in general . 
  but this is not really stubb 's fault . 
  well unless my mum is a liar , yes this is true . 
  wow . 
  such intelligence . 
  many language . 
  very impress . 
  you are not a brilliant politician or a good person just because you know five languages . 
  meh , i do n't know . 
  it 's nice to have a pm that appears smart but he is no doubt an evil human being . 
  my mum went to school with him . 
  he was a mean bully . 
  he bullied a blind kid by hiding his walking stick . 
  he is not a politician because he cares about our country , he is one because he want 's a nice job in the eu . 
  he only became pm because a guy senior to him in his party wanted the job he wanted as a eu-commissioner . 
  but he makes finns look smart which is nice . 
  the holacaust would n't have been excecuted without ww2 . 
  and the fp war was over in a flash . 
  yeah , it is impossible to understand war for most people . 
  that is why the work of war correspondents and photographers is so important . 
  what do you say ? 
  do people die in wars ? 
  holy fuck , we need to something . 
  if we only knew this earlier . 
  and the 20th century had ww1 and ww2 lol as twigsvii said europe was pretty stable after the napoleonic wars . 
  once again this sub shows it 's ridiculous inability to display any form of nuanced thinking . 
  this argument is weak . 
  you make his argument into something it is not , by using the nazi card . 
  the 19th century was a relatively stable century in europe . 
  `` and then we went to eastern poland and my dad invested lots of money there '', 
   attacking its neighbor ukraine and taking big pieces of its territory despite international law and its earlier commitments this is true , but the us has been breaking international law for as long as there has been international law and people are n't as mad about that . 
  i think it 's a combination of rational fear and old school russophobia . 
  there was no strategic benefits to destroying a city like dresden . 
  if you value human life there is no way to justify these things . 
   people are simply holding israel to a completely different standard . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  but i would argue that it is always good when people condemn the murder of civilians by governments . 
   the allies bombed hundreds of thousands of civilians , that does n't mean it was unjustified or that the nazis did n't bring it onto themselves . 
  stop confusing war with war crimes . 
  you know why bombing of civilian populations was never considered a war crime ? 
  because the allies killed far more innocent civilians by bombing . 
  and the winner writes the history . 
  in this instance the allies simply stated that the bombing of civilian populations is not a war crime . 
  there is no way you can justify what the allies did in places like dresden , hamburg , tokyo and nagasaki . 
  why is everyone in this subreddit so unquestionably pro-nato and anti russia ? 
  many of you seem to think the world is black and white . 
  edit : i wrote pro-eu when i meant pro-nato, 
  this, 
   most western politicians and a large part of the western population seem to think that israel 's first and foremost goal should be to please left-ish europeans instead of actually defending their country . 
  like when we say that israel should n't bomb civilians and should stop occupying palestinian territory . 
  these are not defensive , but aggressive actions . 
  if israel really wanted to defend itself they should work towards peace , which they are n't doing at the moment . 
  btw germany the holacaust was like 70 years ago . 
  it 's okay for you to criticize israel . 
  no one has , or will , invade sweden . 
  not easy when they are n't even allowed to debate . 
  the whole russia west conflict came up after western backed protestors ( some of who actually almost are nazis ) overthrew the democratically elected pro russian government . 
  ukraine has historically been a key part of russia so of course they will be pissed . 
  it 's 37 vs 36 percent , probably within the error of margin . 
  this comes right after the long submarine hunt that made swden 's navy look incapable . 
  i think these are the values that define what being european is the best . 
  these are definitely things that the eu have tried to highlight when painting a picture of european identity . 
   brits , dutch and finns tend to elect governments who are against the safety net and pro unregulated capitalism . 
  i ca n't speak for the brits and the dutch , but here in finland we fucking love our safety nets . 
  not even our main and most right wing party could be described to be `` pro unregulated capitalism '' . 
  in finland there is a consensus among politicians and people that a welfare system is the best way to rule a society . 
  but in practice this means that brown or black people have to carry around passports in sweden simply because they look different . 
  this is very problematic . 
  this only happens in arizona , in america .
