  obviously there 's a difference between the nsa and moon landing is ake ideas . 
  and as far as conspiracies go pwh sounded reasonable to me . 
  but maybe it is n't . 
  will have to read a little bit myself . 
  i do think it 's important to find the underlying reasons for the american empire . 
  even tho that might not have anything to do with petro dol\u00f6ars, 
  5 years ago you 'd be called conspiratard if you said the nsa is listening to all our phone calls, 
  wait , did sarkozy start it ? 
  gon na read up a bit . 
  brb but yeah btw lybia actually had the highest hdi in africa back in like 2010 . 
  also , kinda socialistic i think, 
  your reading of history seems to be the official one . 
  not that there is anything wrong with that . 
  i , like most people , like to find out the real life actual reasons for things and credible real conspiracies . 
  you kinda seem like you know what you 're talking about . 
  what the hell is the pwh, 
  he is a decent manager . 
  not much else, 
   this is / r/conspiracy level junk or it is a different perspective to look at the libyan conflict from . 
  or do you buy what the obama administration would have you believe that nato * only * attacked because of how humanitarian and nice they are ? 
  they are an ethnically divided country , with only about 50 % being `` persian '' or whatever . 
  so many small languages and ethnicities . 
  also there are young , liberal and also left wing intelligentia type people . 
  so it 's really hard to predict the future of such a large country and what would happen after war . 
  what tha fok did ye just focking say about me , ye little twat ? 
  i 'll let ye know i came out top of my class in the labour youth , and i 've bin involved in bloody tonnes of secret raids on tory shitheads , and i hav over 300 confirmed guttings mate . 
  i am trained in class warfare and i 'm the top sharpshooter in the entire bloody labour party . 
  ye are nothing to me but just another fokin target . 
  i will bust ye the fuck out with skill the likes of which has never been seen before on this bloody island mate , mark me focking words . 
  ye think ye can get away with saying that fokin crap to me over the internet ? 
  re-fokin-think that , cont . 
  as we speak i am texting my undercover network of agents across the uk and your adress is being tracked right now mate so you better gear up for the storm , wanker . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life , mate . 
  yer focking ded , boyo . 
  i can be on every island , anytime , and i can kill you in over a dozen hundred ways mate , and that 's just with my bare fokin hands . 
  not only am i heavily trained in pub combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the bloody uk communist party and i will use it to its full extent to blow your miserable arse off the face of the island , ye little twat . 
  if only ye could have known what unholy retribution your little `` smart '' comment was about to smash down upon you mate , maybe you would have held your fockin tongue . 
  but ye could n't , ye did n't , and now you 're paying the ranson , you goddamn cunt . 
  i will crap rage all over ye and you will swank in it . 
   isis had its origins in the saddam regime obviously  a form of it would have risen anyways highly debatable . 
  did you just randomly google something or do you know the contents of your posted article ? 
   could every british adult vote for him ? 
  if they coughed up 3 pounds for the membership in labour they could . 
  it was a new model for electing party leader that was expected to bring in another blairite , they were wrong . 
  there was a huge movement of leftist minded people who joined the party to vote for corbyn . 
  he won overwhelmingly . 
  of course there would be benefits . 
  fucking daily mail readers . 
  `` oh , no corbyn is gon na be weak on isis '' i tell you what haters . 
  if someone as anti war and peace loving as corbyn had been pm back in 2003 there would probably not have been an iraq war , ergo isis would n't even fucking exist . 
  he was democratically elected to that position . 
  if he feels he ca n't do his job properly i 'm sure he 'll resign . 
  he has actually been a decent party leader , moving cameron on saudi arabia etc. 
  just because he is actually a leftist does n't mean he is unelectable . 
  napoleon and washington did things that changed the world for the better . 
  rhodes , not so much, 
  different times . 
  cecil rhodes is most definitely not comparable to napoleon or george washington . 
  do you think a group that call themselves `` soliders of odin '' , ( ironic since they ca n't be very aryan or viking related ) . 
  do you think they just want to hang out and be peaceful ? 
  these people are patrolling in joensuu . 
  back in the 90s they had a problem with skinheads . 
  a blck basketball player had to move from the city because of the racism . 
   police have ... received information about three cases of sexual assault it 's one police chief guy . 
  koskim\u00e4ki who has claimed that there are unprecedented amounts of sexual assault . 
  naturally three reported cases is no where near unprecedented . 
  got a huge cut in my head playing football . 
  an ambulanxe came and some russian guy sowed up my head after an hour or so . 
  cost me 60 $ for everything . 
  if you want better care there are private alternatives . 
  i like it, 
  a tunnel project would bring a lot of stimulation to stagnant economy . 
  problem is , none of the parties seem interested in stimulation of the economy even tho we have a high credit rating, 
  cool thanks, 
  i like the jyben 's version . 
  it 's maybe not the most historically important moments , but it 's the events that define finland 's history in the mind of the every man . 
  i do n't have a source on it . 
  but i 've seen footage from the parliament during the failed coup attempt in 1981 . 
  the communist party leader carillo was on of the two parliament people who did n't get down once the soliders opened fire . 
  instead , he stayed upright in his seat , smoking a cigarette . 
  no matter what you think of communists , that 's pretty cool . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking . 
  i ca n't see soviet leadership allowing screenings of rambo . 
  hollywood films were accepted behind the iron curtain ? 
  or only art movies about the vietnam war ? 
  that 's a shitty talking point though . 
  in europe our economies are not reliant on heavy industry . 
  we have exported our production of most things to low wage countries such as china . 
  while we do n't have that much emissions , the emissions that are the result of our consumption is huge . 
  you are the only nation who has climate change as the third most important issue . 
  so clearly they have had an effect . 
   i would like to see france 's government take a very hard line against radical islam , call it that , and aggressively pursue leads against terror suspects do n't they do it now ? 
  do n't they already punish religious practices that breach french law ? 
   and greatly incentivise social and economic assimilation of immigrant muslim communities integration is swell . 
  prevent youth unemployment and disenfranchment and you 'll hardly ever have a terrorist again . 
  unfourtunately the economic and practical realities lead to segragated communities and youth with a splintered identity . 
  telling them you 'd have to choose between being french and being muslim cant be good . 
  implying this is what creates the tensions that lead to terrorism . 
  a big argument against the jews was always that their allegiance was n't with germany but with the jewish community . 
  making the same devicive statements towards muslims is not helpful .
