  well it 's better than america where you pretty much can shoot dead anyone who is breaking into your house without consequence . 
  knowing how progressive the norwegian penal system is the man probably probably used a very disproportionate amount of violence to get three years in prison . 
  the fact that it was in peace time makes it more interesting . 
  in my opinion the muslims are the new jews of europe . 
  it 's kinda tragic how people react to things they do n't understand . 
  `` i do n't believe in cultural relativism '' so are there objective morals then ? 
  ok let 's assume that . 
  you and western europe happen to have the complete truth on what these objective morals are . 
  impressive . 
  you could also see this as quite arrogant . 
  especially from a country that just a hundred years ago shared the middle east with france as colonial possessions . 
  in the process deliberately creating borders that would divide different people , which in effect has created the chaotoc middle east we see today . 
  we are all humans after all . 
  we 'll work it out . 
  the muslims are in the minority in all european countries ( yes even sweden ) . 
  the extreme beliefs some of them might have are of course problematic . 
  but we have our laws and morals , and with time they will assimilate . 
  the good thing in finland is that it is a very conservative/right wing government that is launching pilot projects . 
  any future government is likely to be even more positive about that idea . 
  basic income can of course be seen as something right wing , as the state sector shrinks . 
  i 'm a leftist myself and i 'd much rather see more unemployed people doing what they want rather than a huge beuracracy that only exists to create too many middle class jobs . 
  being unemployed is way too stigmatized . 
  security issues like this are very complicated . 
  i think public opinion can be swayed by the way the debate is structured . 
  the first time i did acid i was spending time staring at copies of painting 12 and 22, 
  the far leftists and to a certain extent social democrats are of course liberal as well . 
  well kokoomus leader stubb is a fenno-swede so the government wo n't do that . 
  like five days ago i had a 70 km march in the rain . 
  it sucked . 
  nasty, 
  british people behaving arrogantly when abroad . 
  some things never change . 
  but wait this is wrong . 
  berlusconi was prime minister just four years ago . 
  are you a paid shill or just an asshole ? 
  what is your personal opinion on the ttip ? 
  you guys are insane . 
  obviously all full auto crossbows should be banned . 
   well except for left alliance , who 's still stuck on their 80 's stance of nato = bad and soviets = good you are misrepresenting their opinions . 
  they are not the communist party anymore . 
  ** sigh ** just shut up, 
  i know what you are saying . 
  i have a friend who is politically very educated and generally pretty intellectual . 
  he probably knows more about politics than 90 % of the population but he wont vote because he does n't like any party and does n't think he knows enough to make a qualified decision . 
  the term liberal has partly been hijacked by people who are n't liberal at all . 
  back in the day the word conservative and liberal where the opposite of each other . 
  but not any longer . 
   i have to choose between more unemployment and less welfare state , or alternatively the rich getting richer i 'll choose the latter well we are probably gon na get both . 
  but yeah you have a point, 
  it 's true that finland is facing far more complicated problems than should we have stimulus or austerity . 
  we need reform . 
  i do n't think any of the big parties have any solutions to our problems other than cutting wages and services . 
  which is gon na transfer wealth to the upper classes . 
  and i do n't like that . 
  yeah that is bad , but we can of course also spend money now and pay back debt during some hypothetical future economic boom . 
  nah , rkp are sometimes liberal and kinda leftists . 
  they stopped the student benefits reform . 
  increasing public spending increases revenue , which makes it easier to pay back debt . 
  by using austerity the economy shrinks and you can pay back less debt . 
  it 's not like austerity is the only objectively good thing to do . 
  lots of experts say it 's very bad for the economy . 
   they are a liberal party as they support more freedoms for individuals as in they want people to pay less taxes . 
  still lots of their mps are against things like marriage equality . 
  this is still the party of koti , uskonto , is\u00e4nmaa ( home , religion , fatherland ) . 
  they might call themselves liberal but in my opinion that 's not a term they are able to use honestly . 
   anything i 'm missing ? 
  seems like it 's too simple . 
  nope . 
  when it 's just 5 million white people everyone usually agrees about the major issues . 
  also just as in the rest of europe the socialdemocrats have become impotent welfare capitalists who are n't offering a real alternative to the usual politics . 
  no but seriously , that party is just a flim flam of fenno-swedes with all kinds of political opinions . 
  they have left and right wing people , liberals and conservatives . 
  the only thing you can be sure of when voting for them is that it 's someone who is pro swedish language . 
  `` liberal '' they are the conservative party for fucks sake . 
  just because they have enough money to brand themselves as pro-welfare state , pro-freedom and pro-environment it does n't mean that they are anything more than an establishment party for rich and old people . 
   but on some other issues i 'm completely the opposite . 
  like what ? 
  and how are they weird ? 
  what a lame controversy . 
  in reality we are irrelevant but on the internet we are gods , and you are those frogs who surrender all the time : < ), 
  leftists is always a good choice . 
  also your water faucets are really dumb . 
  just because they looked like that a 100 years ago they do n't have to look like that today . 
  well enjoy your widening income inequality , loss of privacy and personal freedoms . 
  god damn it that sucks . 
  i did n't know british politics were this shitty . 
  i 'm not too familiar with the british political culture , but i have a hard time believing your proposition . 
  maybe cameron is able to sneak through pro-surveillance rhetoric outside of election seasons , but there are several parties who could slam the tories over this if it became an issue . 
  lib-dems , greens and maybe even labour could score lots of political points over something like this . 
  i do n't think any pro-surveillance argument can win in a fair debate in britain . 
  yeah fuck that, 
  in finnish army , some time we use actual bullets . 
  but during most exercises we shout `` laukaus '' meaning shot . 
  or when you feel like rambo you can scream `` sarrrrrrja '' which means full-auto fire . 
  greece :d, 
  putin is bad , but he is n't stalin or hitler . 
  also , this is 2015 , not 1939 . 
  the perfekt example is watching 24 . 
  nothing has made me feel less american than that amoral show . 
  when i traveled back and forth from spain without having to show id .
