  you must be referring to the cultural revolution , which ended something like 50 years ago, 
  so you are basically saying they are all bad so might as well align with the saudis if we ( the americans ? , the brits ? ), 
  get some geopolitical benefits out of it ? 
   look into the houthis and iranian funding of the yemeni civil war . 
  the saudis are literally performing a genocide by starvation in cold blood to further their own political agenda . 
  they are heavily supported by americans and also brits . 
  ** your nation is complicit in genocide . 
  ** is that what you mean by `` pragmatic gulf policy '' ? 
  are you really comfortable with that ? 
   iran is also pretty bad sure but they are n't performing genocide on yemenis as we speak, 
  you are mixing statements about realpolitik and statements portraying iran as morally abhorrent . 
  you are eating you 're cake and having it too , argument wise . 
  to address your point  saudi arabia has beaten britain into fourth place in the world 's military spending league with a defence budget of around # 37 billion saudis spend 37 billion pounds on defense , yet their army cant win against a gang of goat farmers in the country side of world 's poorest country , yemen . 
  not a very impressive army . 
  so they have decided to starve the houthis to death . 
  bombing the only port in the north western houthi area and blockading any aid to that are . 
  ** thousands are starving to death , probably will end up being hundreds of thousands by the end of it ** . 
  oh and they are doing this with acceptance and aid from not only america but also great britain . 
  your country is directly participating in a modern holodomor , or if you will , a modern irish famine . 
  this is one of many reasons why i do n't appreciate it when you equate iran to saudi arabia . 
  not because iran is good in any way , but because saudi arabia is so much worse , with the direct aid of americans and brits . 
  not like swedes are the only people to wear that on political trips, 
  manchester bomber had ties to libyan jihadi groups that had been aided by theresa may led mi5 . 
  the mi5 helped ship volunteers from britain to libya to fight ghaddaffi . 
  you play with fire , you get burned, 
  i 'm not claiming that hezbollah is some nice organization . 
  but they are world 's better than isis . 
  edit : not an expert but they sort of seem like a ira , but with lebanon instead of ireland , and hard core shia instead of catholicism . 
  i mean national liberation is quite a huge issue for a place that has been abused by imperilist powers heavily, 
  one would imagine that an irish man would appreciate someone elses loathing for britain . 
  how much does it pay to shill for saudi arabia on reddit ? 
  ca n't be a great wage can it ? 
  you disgust me, 
  what r u if i might ask ? 
  u a blairite or something ? 
  oh wow that 's a very good explanation as to why corbyn is bad . 
  he has been close with someone who has '' poor grounding in economics and often her own party 's policies '' . 
  literally a meaningless statement, 
  because diane abbott called britain very racist ? 
   master 's graduates on areas like physics . 
  yeah thats it . 
  stem people but also finnish display impressive levels of asociality, 
  henrik meinander is very smart , but keep in mind he offers only one , slightly conservative view point of finnish history . 
  also i havent had the experience that finns would be less interested in history than any other nationality . 
  theres been a massive propagands campaign against him . 
   also , what i find to be funny and scary at the same time is how many finns i met who absolutely hated the shit out of russia/russian people yeah there 's some of this . 
  but i 'm willing to wager that the disdain for russians is even a bit lower than in the rest of eastern europe, 
  oh yeah , just a weird way to phrase it . 
  train has gone is same as `` the ship has sailed '' or something . 
  implying that my claim was untrue, 
  what do you mean ? 
  its pretty crazy that after voting in the most radical ruling party in europe for a generation they just get dunked on and impose harder austerity than anyone else could have . 
  i mean you could see how a lot of greeks become either anarchists or fascists after this whole ordeal, 
  if that is true than it is even more awful . 
  if you are left of center at all and call yourself neo-liberal without too much irony it is an indication of quite a lot of ideological confusion . 
  yeah , quite an awful sub, 
  what do you mean, 
  you dont have to put quotation marks around `` neoliberal '' , its a real word you know, 
  debatable for everyone in belarus and eastwards . 
  de facto lots of people died preventable deaths in the 90s as they didnt have health care , heating or wages for a lot of the time . 
  ive heard that millions died, 
  cry me a river, 
  yeee mod of the truth, 
  lol yeah that sort of peas ofc , but yeah not like they replace chips, 
  itt : confused people and other people just happy to have an opportunity to whine about jlm, 
   `` the us are allies of the saudi who themselves fund terrorists . 
  the uk needs to understand that the us did this to you . '', 
  all true though, 
  the same , but unironically, 
  never eaten peas as snack , dunno whatchu are on about t. finn also y tge fuck would you love harjavalta ? 
  never been but looks like any other boring little town, 
  im in the 1 % , feels bad man , fugging apartement :(, 
  i 've actually met the guy who was the architect . 
  nice person . 
  must feel devastated now, 
  dont call me a russian shill juat because i diaagree with you . 
  revisionism, 
  and even just their program would not have been perceived as more radical than standard social democratic parties in the 60s or 70s . 
  syriza was painted as radical and dangerous since they wanted to stand up to the troika . 
  unfortunately they bent . 
  im not sure they even had a choice which is sad . 
  now golden dawn is gaining, 
  yup, 
  yeah , what hollande stood for, 
  absolutely . 
  my history professor who is quite smart on this . 
  says that german , swedish and danish influenece , especially on estonia but also on finland made us wealthy . 
  baltics have the institutional culture of nordics left , which is why estonia is the richest post soviet state, 
   starting actual social programs , increasing minimal wages . 
  even tho they are far right ? 
  hollande but more right wing ? 
  everyone will be dissappointed, 
  you know wikileaks didnt hack macron . 
  they are just publisging the stuff . 
  same wat every newspaper will . 
  blaming wikileaks is like blaming the paper factory for mein kampf, 
  he did n't have the stomach for collaboration , admirable imo, 
  that is awful of course , but simultaneously really funny . 
  sounds like yugoslavia was run by the bad guys in tintin or something . 
  sorry to hear that , what was he saying/doing ?
