  maybe they know loads of secrets about the muslim conspiracy . 
  do you really feel that immigrant murderers are a threat to your son ? 
   join nato :p nah , personally i prefer not slurping on american semen, 
  i 'd say you still are generalizing a bit about the demographics of pro and anti europe people . 
  at least in my country there is another aspect . 
  i think eu membership is supported by the political elite . 
  we want to be a part of it because we are afraid of russia etc. 
  conservatives and nationalists are obviously sometimes euro sceptic . 
  but i 'm not sure that it 's young and liberal people that are pro-eu , it 's rather the the neo-liberal elite . 
  there is also opposition to the eu from the left . 
  you can see the eu as an implementer of the globalist neo-liberal ideas . 
  i think the uk in itself is so neo-liberal already that the eu is actually a little bit of a threat to the rich and powerful . 
  in most other countries the eu is pro neo-liberalism compared to the current system in the country . 
  at least i think this is the case for finland . 
  income inequality has grown tremendously since we joined the eu for example, 
  this situation is complicated . 
  if you want some nuance , listen to zizek https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tb52h6c2ts, 
  and you posted it here three hours after a post about a separate knife attack in sweden . 
  and you did n't name which knife attack you were talking about in the title, 
  look at america , or new york specifically . 
  they wee n't giving welfare to immigrants , they were n't giving language courses in english to adults . 
  still there was chinatown , irish neighborhoods , little italy etc. 
  it 's absurd to suggest that they will integrate better if you do n't try to integrate them at all . 
  they would just have more extreme ghettos and higher crime than right now . 
  i would agree with / u/firefan53 just looking at historical context , people generally only riot when they are hungry . 
  the og french revolution and the arab spring , just to name a few , occured because people did n't have enough to eat . 
  i 'm sure that there has been and can be revolutions based on more ideological reasons than starvation . 
  but i do n't see people in wealthy european states today revolting , we just have it too good . 
  if the neo-liberals keep winning elections , and maybe there 's an economic crash , then i could see serious political change, 
  and you never had any riots in england ? 
  weird choice of day to post this content . 
  obviously he was referring to the people who actually are proud of being swedish in a `` weird ethnic ideal '' . 
   they come from a 3rd world country and they act like it psst . 
  try to listen to yourself, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyd4u8nd4ho david simon , the creator of the wire , has made a tv-show about integration of different communities . 
  the premise is that a court order says that 200 units of public housing , where blacks and latinos live , will be built in a rich white neighborhood . 
  the white people are mad and the mayor is really stressed out . 
  it 's a true story that happened in upstate new york in the end of the 80s . 
  also it 's very good, 
   we both know that the people who have been throwing around accusations of fascism do not randomly think it 's acceptable to be proud of the `` civil nation '' of sweden you are n't swedish . 
  what do you know about this ? 
  people in sweden are very proud of their country . 
  they are proud over their welfare , their ikea and their zlatan . 
  seeing foreigners and muslims as human beings does n't mean that you hate your country . 
   so , in other words , those accusations have literally always been justified every time they 've been leveled at some poor bastard waving a swedish flag did / u/scithion say that ? 
   he was eventually `` pushed out '' because he chose to completely ignore the political reality of the moment in favour of his own economical views . 
  the man lives the sound of his own voice so much he was willing to make others listen to it at the expense of the greek people . 
  that 's certainly one , utterly deluded , way of looking at it . 
  thanks , but i 've already seen the video . 
  that is probably my favorite channel on youtube . 
  i 'm so happy that then channel is starting to gain some traction . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cvfm7iw27q louis ck got shit loads of shit for this piece of comedy . 
  people was saying that he was making a cheap joke at the expense of pedophilia victims . 
  in reality he was just trying to shine a light on our obsessive need to cast pedophiles as these absolutely disgusting monsters . 
  well you just fucking did , son, 
  you forced us, 
   we would n't ever introduce ourselves as europeans rather than finnish  we do n't know all our neighbours and we do n't really care to . 
  speak for yourself m\u00e4mmi poika, 
   muh yorup black people muslims, 
  do n't watch fox `` news '' . 
  they are literally owned by aa crony capitalist, 
  yeah well the capital has corrupted the government, 
  invest in eastern poland ? 
   really ? 
  is it so wrong to trade ? 
  this comment is so ignorant it 's almost funny . 
  since ww2 you have been going around the world killing innocents , toppling democratic regimes , backing awful dictators more often than not , in the name of `` free trade '' . 
  you are the bullys of the world , you get what you want because you can kill anyone who disagrees . 
   it is not like they flew into a foreign country , grabbed a peaceful brown native man off the street and threw him into jail so he decided to join isis later maybe not this guy . 
  but afghan goat farmers who have been hanging out at the wrong places at the wrong time have been sent to guantanamo and been tortured, 
  well if you just ask them if they want a free trade deal of course they answer yes . 
  free trade sounds good, 
   company a clearly deserves all lost investment why ? 
  a company gambled that they were gon na make money and they lost . 
  it 's that simple . 
  unless there has been an explicit contract about buying nuclear energy from this company there is absolutely no need to give them money . 
  why are polish people always so pro american, 
  maybe you should ? 
  i do n't think it 's fine at all . 
  i 'm happy that we are taking care of the ones who come here, 
  well you did black mail greece into submission and now the european debate is no longer about greece but refugees . 
  i 'm sure that the merkel gang prefers to talk about the need for humanitarian action towards the refugees . 
  but were was that humanity when the eu fucked greece in the ass . 
  with all that said of course there is a purely humanitarian side to this . 
  precisely, 
  you seem to be passionate . 
  i guess you are n't gon na change your mind ever, 
  should we go on a crusade ? 
  maybe nuke the entire middle east ? 
  immigration is useful for grwoing population, 
   if we ca n't pay pensions then we need to keep raising the retirement age until the people who are supposed to replace the population understand why they need to have kids in the first place . 
  nice policy idea you got there . 
  maybe we just have a minimum 4 children policy ? 
  my impression is that a lot of the non refugees are gon na be sent back, 
    units of the eesti omakaitse ( estonian home guard ; approximately 1000 to 1200 men ) were directly involved in criminal acts , taking part in the round-up of 200 roma people and 950 jews europe was . 
  finland is not a part of nato . 
  also nato is not fighting all muslims . 
  they are bombing different factions for tactical and strategic reasons . 
  like helping their ally saudi arabia and making sure america has a monopoly on the oil in the region . 
  no one is at war with `` the muslim world '' .
