  as a swedsish speaking finn i understand that concepts of identity are fluid . 
  zidane was a berb algerian , yet he was the most loved frenchman for a long time . 
  if you want to true integration you cant only judge , you have to accept the other people . 
  i was referring to the israeli occupied territories of palestina . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/israel_and_the_apartheid_analogy they have apartheid more or less in those areas . 
  i never claimed that the jews wanted or did n't want to ban the niqab . 
  just that france has done it and iy has n't helped any jews . 
  there has been like 3-4 muslim terror attacks this year in france . 
  altough the latest one perhaps was preventable it is absurd to claim that amping up the police could prevent terror attacks . 
  perhaps a 1984 style state with brainwashing can prevent all terrorism . 
  or deport all muslims ? 
  so should the french murder some muslim civilians as they do in israel ? 
  would that make the jews feel more at home ? 
  or should they just have an apartheid system as in israel ? 
  it 's a fact today that muslims live in france . 
  what policy action should france do to make the jews feel safe ? 
  they already banned the niqab right ? 
  should they use meaner or more `` honest '' rhetoric ? 
  i 'm legitimately curious as to what solutions you propose, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index_ ( 1998 ) #latin _ america https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_latin_american_countries_by_human_development_index#2014\u00a8 in 1998 before chavez came to power venezuela had the 9th highest hdi in latin america . 
  in 2015 they had the 7th highest hdi in latin america . 
  so compared to their neighbors venezuela have been doing alright under chavez . 
  they nationalized the oil and have had huge steps forward in things like the literacy level and stuff like that . 
  now the right recently won a majority of the seats in parliament after a free and fair election . 
  so we 'll see how they 'll preform as rulers of the country . 
  it 's absurd to suggest that public ownership over something would automatically lead to economic and societal downfall . 
  for example , in 2014 communist ruled cuba was placed second in latin american hdi . 
  despite sanctions from america . 
  `` t heir amateurish attitude led to a much worse blood sucking `` deal '' with europe '' i think it had more to do with establishment europe punishing them for not rolling over and trying to be democratic.the greek people still madw them the largest party after the shitty deal . 
  step 2 is that it \u00b4 s their fucking job, 
  might have something to do with the holacaust, 
   step 1 act as rich gay guy on grindr  actually be policeman  wait until you get robbed  catch the robbers, 
  i \u00b4 m not crying about anything . 
  i \u00b4 m just stating the fact that your empire has committed atrocious acts of terrorism, 
  i seriously hope that you are aware that her majesty has been ruling a country and an empire , that is quite proficient in terrorism , all by herself . 
  http://listverse.com/2014/02/04/10-evil-crimes-of-the-british-empire/ corbyn might have met with some member of sinn fein or something , but he has n't killed civilians himself . 
  the reason he is disliked is the ridiculous rabid media campaign against him . 
  i seriously hope that you brits are noticing how ridiculous the press is behaving, 
  tony benn was legit , wasn \u00b4 t he ? 
  so you suppose maybe bringing in tony blair would be better ? 
  perhaps david miliband . 
  the enthusiastic labour base actually love him , precisely because he isn \u00b4 t a blairite, 
   majority of the population voted for right wing party in the last election you have a majority electoral system so that does n't say much . 
  in scotland the left won . 
  of the people eligible to vote only 23.76 % voted for the tories , and now they have a majority of the seats in parliament , quite odd . 
  actually it was more or less a tie between the right and the left . 
  ukip + tories got around 49 % of the vote . 
  green , labour , snp and greens got 47 % together . 
  so it \u00b4 s almost a 50/50 between the right and the centre-left . 
  now the turnout was 66 % of the population . 
  it \u00b4 s known that higher turnout gives the left more votes . 
  so ahead of the next election , a more inspired working class could bring labour into power . 
  yup , but britain could definitely become far more leftist . 
  corbyn has a series of quite socialist policy ideas that have support from a majority of the population . 
  to say that 65 % of uk conservatives support ttip does n't mean much though . 
  the turnout was 66 % , of those who voted 36 supported the conservatives, 
  i agree with you . 
  the eu is both undemocratic and exclusively neo-liberal , and i think that has been the development for quite a while . 
  after what happened with greece no one on the left should have any sympathy for the eu in it 's current form . 
  but with drugs , it 's still the persons choice to try the drug in the first place . 
  heroin can \u00b4 t force itself on you, 
   the most important factor to keeping crime and homicides down is good social welfare and low income inequality . 
  absolutely . 
  also naturally you have an advantage with gun control because of no schengen and you 're an island, 
  i 'm more comfy in a country where civilians cant own these rifles . 
  we 've had mass shootings before , we 're gon na have them again , it 's better if semi autos are n't available . 
  i do n't worry about russian invasion as it 's incredibly unlikely , besides , people can practice with weapons they do n't own . 
  i 'd like to see drugs legalized , that would be nice, 
  why not throw cake in his face instead ? 
  that is the proper way to deal with unlikable politicians, 
   studying military history i think it 's safe to say his dick gets hard by weapons, 
   he 's a military historian aka has a huge army boner, 
  nah , medic corpral just not a little bitch about muh guns, 
  i.e our populist defense minister acting like a populist, 
  and also , the guns that are illegal are often disappeared or stolen legal guns, 
   almost all guns used in terrorist attacks or shootings are obtained illegally citation needed, 
  m-muh defense, 
  no corporation would spend 1.2 bn $ unless they knew they could earn more, 
  you 'd have yo be a women or a child not to get past it, 
  actually it 's originally a series of comic books, 
  he posted a source . 
  https://fullfact.org/economy/welfare_budget_public_spending-29886 you should be outraged , when a democracy uses intentionally misleading statistics , paid by tax payer money , for propaganda purposes . 
  absolutely , but those societies that have smaller income inequality * before * wealth redistribution are more functional for some reason . 
  but again , this is disgusting government propaganda . 
  you would hope that government agencies would n't be tainted by political bias . 
   are they both including and then excluding the state pension in this figure ? 
  that 's totally outrageous and misleading . 
  are they really ? 
  because if they are the guardian and corbyn should beat them over the head with it . 
  it 's absolutely disgusting . 
   people do n't realise that minute proportion of that spending actually goes towards unemployed people , most is for those in work . 
  weird , giving welfare to people who work . 
  an economy that does n't require so much redistributing of wealth would be better . 
  that also has historical reasons right ? 
  in west germany there was a serious self examination . 
  in east germany expat leftists got into power and dismissed the nazis as typical fascist bullshit . 
  if i ever want to get angry i just go to the comment section of the daily mail, 
  in finland we have barely had any immigrants . 
  3.6 % of people were born outside the eu , and that was mainly russians and eastern europeans and some somalis . 
  the most anti immigration people always come from the places were there barely are any foreigners,
