  britain has a lot of work related immigration from for example european countries where english is taught in school . 
  american cultural imperialism has made english the global lingua franca , which is why we 're writing in englsih . 
  social exclusion is much easier to happen if you do n't know the local language . 
  you did n't accept too many refugees , letting them stay in calais camps . 
  this of course means that compared to france the foreigners in the uk are more english speaking work immigrants and less refugees , which gives the uk an advantage in these statistics that does n't necessarily reflect the process of integration . 
  also , due to your colonization you have been integrating immigrants for more than a hundred years . 
  giving you experience in integration . 
  also , your country was the first to leave the eu . 
  mainly due to a campaign that fear mongered about spooky scary refugee hordes . 
  so please cut back your smug attitude slightly . 
  you get to be a little smug , just be aware that this way of measuring the success of `` integration '' is immensely flawed and does n't factor in many important variables . 
  be careful to look at the statistic . 
  it is the gap in the risk of poverty between foreigners and people who are born there . 
  this means that in a country like sweden with low amounts of poverty risk the gap will be wider than in the czech republic * for example , where poverty is more of a risk for everyone . 
  furthermore , in a place like the czech republic the amount of refugees from poor countries are not in too high numbers . 
  this means that ex patriots from neighboring countries or the west in general is a higher share of the population . 
  as i 'm sure you understand someone from slovakia or america has a better chance at avoiding poverty in the czech republic than a syrian refugee has in sweden . 
  because if a slovak loses his job in czechia he might as well move back home , there is nothing that is stopping him . 
  this brings to mind the old saying . 
  `` there are three types of lies . 
  lies , lies and statistics . '', 
  * czechia is the only one with better stats than sweden on this , replace czechia with italy and the point holds true, 
  what 's the deal with the huge difference between belgium and the netherlands ? 
  is n't both `` excusez-moi '' and `` bonjour '' . 
  i only speak school french , but in every other language i speak i would find it sort of weird to add in both and `` excuse me '' and a `` hello/good day . 
  not like it 's `` wrong '' just that it 's sounds a bit stupid , but this is not the case in french ? 
  the ghos of revolutionary catalonia is coming for your toothbrush, 
  the main ship architect died halfway through leaving a less experienced guy to deal with a crazy demands from an impatient king . 
  you do have american military bases on your soil . 
  no but for real i just thought it was a funny joke, 
   the problem is that apparently , many see this as some kind of period where they can go back to `` normal operations '' as soon as it is over . 
  i have a lot of respect for the amount of reforms enacted by greek governments in the last few years , but i would not consider them trustworthy in this regard . 
  most reforms were enacted because europe held a pistol to their head , not because they believed in it . 
  you know it 's funny , the way you feel about greece and fisical responsibility , i feel the exact same way about germany and conquering europe, 
  nasser also industrialized a huge country and brought down illiteracy and kinds of good stuff , but as you say that 's besides the point . 
   i 'll ask you again , do you demand apologies and retributions for what north africa did to millions of european slaves ? 
  or what the turks did to its subjects ? 
  i 'm not these people . 
  the\u00fd have to demand what they need for themselves . 
  some cases yes , some cases no obviously . 
  what i can say is that at the very least an admission of guilt where true is necessary , which is all macron did . 
  he didnt ask to pay algeria reparations . 
  so do you think colonialism was a good thing . 
  i seem to remember you dutchies having a few colonies . 
  the heirs of anti clonialism are also nasser and ghandi . 
  but whatever . 
  are you even against colonialism ? 
   have a chip on their shoulder and a foreign boogieman to distract from their domestic corruption and crimes you know the world knows about colonialism whether the west apologizes or not, 
   this asymmetry between european people and the world has n't done us any favors except improving relations with any peoples that was hurt by colonialism . 
  exactly how has westerners been handicapped by being apologetic about previous crimes against humanity ? 
  leaving aside all moral considerations . 
  hmm sounds possible . 
  pretty interesting how anyone of the 4 main candidates seems to have a decent chaance to be president . 
  makes for vetter drama than 2 party systems, 
  fuck the ps right wing though , the voters are all with macron probably anyway . 
  quite a precarious situation . 
  are n't hamon and melenchon ideologically pretty close , but melenchon is simply more fundamentalist ? 
  how would it work in practice ? 
  some form of election union for the legislative election to get more seats , perhaps ? 
  and then melenchon campaigns for hamon while hamon appeals to a broad mass of people with a semi radical populist message , something like that could maybe win some fn voters to make up for macron and far leftists who do n't want to even consider voting for ps . 
  could this be a successful strategy ? 
  btw : is macron running for his party or just for himself , is his party gon na pick up a lot of seats ? 
  so hard to predict the parliament when there are five parties but no proportional voting, 
  oh shit now i understand why people are scared of her . 
  if it 's her vs fillon and i 'm an elderly hard left guy who maybe dislikes the eu i might vote for le pen . 
  just uttering words like `` nationalize banks '' is gon na draw so much votes from traditional ps voters . 
  she would of course probably just be a centrist, 
  hahhaha , i do n't think you 're right , * but i 'm really spooked that you might be *, 
  i think finland has a ban on polls being published within two days before the election or something, 
  is it technically feasible to have an alliance between two parties ? 
   apologizing for colonialism you can never do this enough . 
  besides , what 's wrong with saying that french colonial rule was a `` crime against humanity '' ? 
  do you also think germans should stop apologizing for their attempted colonialism over eastern europe ? 
  because that empire ended long before the french one . 
   trump , but ** more to the right ** mon dieux !, 
  macron is just very much a centrist , makes no sense to call him a bernie, 
  why did n't you steal it at the end of ww2 ? 
  weird , how can they get away with it ? 
  good point , still there is a problem here quite clearly , however international capitalism has worse problems than this, 
  lol hell yes bro , i never say no to drugs . 
  whether legal or illegal i take it you are n't a swede ? 
  haha , yeah , it 's addictive but that 's part of the charm , it 's objectively disgusting but the kick is so good that i like it i 'm quite jealous as a finn as it is n't legal for us, 
  hey that is actually a great product and there is not conclusive evidence of it causing mouth cancer . 
  you get more of a kick from it than you get from cigarettes . 
  i like it is all i wan na say, 
  i guess authorities do n't mind them that much since they are less dangerous than cigarettes, 
  well that 's horrible, 
  so the facts were a bit misrepresented by the top comment innit \u00b4 ? 
  im implying the guy 's way of presenting the truth is bullshit . 
  `` the truth '' hmm, 
  instead she 's supporting people rapist persons of authority . 
  if we can generalize proesters might as well to that with the police, 
  people tend not to burn cars when police are close by , especially cars with people in them, 
  yes, 
   they set fire to forests because of money and business uhh why tho ? 
  i think most terrorism from young people comes from people who ca n't get laid lol . 
  gavrilo princip for exampple had no success with the women so instead he dreamed of a big serbia and started ww1, 
  there 's not more terrorism deaths in general nowadays compared to the 70s and 80s , with 2015 and 2016 being the main exception due to the high fatality rate in the attacks in paris and nice . 
  it 's just that the massmedia is so much quicker that our subjective experience is one of a much more dangerous world . 
  unfourtunately we are so involved in tvs and internets that what we see there feels more real than our own lives .
