  it was shame though because the tuaregs in mali seemed to have legitimate reasons to rebel , but there rebellion was co opted by islamist opportunists . 
  real shame, 
  j'ne parle pas la langue a la video . 
  anyway for someone on the right jaques chiraq seems like an alright guy . 
  al tough i seem to remember him ordering some colonial revolutionaries to be killed in some movie, 
  why didnt france go to iraq , seeing how they have been itching to go to war with every irrelevant terrorist group they can find ? 
  both sarkozy and hollande are eager . 
  has there been a paradigm shift since 2003 ? 
  the st petersburg metro is absolutely beautiful . 
  it has retained that sweet early 20th century aesthetic, 
  hmm , quite contradictory, 
  it might be because i 'm a closet commie . 
  but the pictures have a weird beauty to them . 
  very cyber punk, 
  uhh , is n't that war thing also a reason ? 
  yes but im tracking exactly how the fenno swedes arrived in finland, 
  i would say there are three main chategories of fenno-swede on the mainland . 
  those who came first from v\u00e4sterbotten into what is now called pohjanmaa ( \u00f6sterbotten by the swedeish speakers who live there ) to cultivate the flat earth there . 
  they started coming aprox . 
  1000 years ago . 
  in like the 1500s and progressively forward there came more administration to finland which brought lots of bourgoise and managerial class merchants . 
  most were swedes but people who arreived from other places started speaking swedish as it was tha language of commerce and governance . 
  i susupect my family stems from this category . 
  then there are the purely ethnic finns who were ambitious socia\u00f6l climbers , they learned swedish ro their kids so their kids could make better careers etc. 
  its a simplification but i think this covers most of the mainland fenno-swedes, 
  they were n't in 1918, 
  aka the place where ferries stop so that they can sell tax free goods, 
  28 , hard to know some obscure intellectuals , government stuff etc however i should have known its ep elections every 5 and not every 4 years, 
  bad ass, 
  sort of like how trump 's victory has energized the left to a degree not seen since the 60s . 
  really ? 
  from the outside poland seems so stable . 
  authoritarian , yes , but a stable eu member, 
  you use the word public revolts , what do you mean ? 
  protests ? 
  a big march on warsaw , police cars burned ? 
  uuhh who was it t. knows basically nothing about polish politics . 
  im more familiar with politics in ecuador than poland, 
  same process happened in a lot of post communist eastern europe . 
  hard to pin point his responsibility ? 
  he is nonyeltsin at least ? 
  oh okay , that makes sense as well . 
  polish politics is very hard for me to understand . 
  i have trouble differentiating all the complicated names . 
  both tusk 's and kaczynski 's are power brothers ? 
  weird, 
  very good explanation . 
  lech walesa is seen as a polish less relevant gandhi in the west , but actually he was controlled opposition ? 
  can other poles dispute or confirm ? 
  being a smug fuck wont help your cause, 
  reformism is really difficult under feudalism tho, 
   democracy is not enough by itself  he talks about how the lack of a king left an emotional abyss :( you 're talking out of you 're ass . 
  you are forgetting that napoleons liberal empire practically killed feudalism in europe , something that is very good , 
  `` democracy is always presented as if it were incomplete , because democracy is not enough by itself , '' says macron , elaborating that there is always something missing in the democratic process ; some sort of void . 
  `` in french politics , this absence is the presence of a king , a king whom , fundamentally , i do n't think the french people wanted dead , '' `` the revolution dug a deep emotional abyss , one that was imaginary and shared : the king is no more ! '' according to macron , since the revolution france has tried to fill this void , most notably with napoleon and then charles de gaulle , which was only partially successful . 
  `` the rest of the time , '' said macron , `` french democracy does not manage to fill this void . '' http://kraljevinasrbija.rs/en/quotes-about-monarchy/quotes-monarchy-emmanuel-macron-president-france/, 
  do n't talk to me like this . 
  he said this `` democracy is always presented as if it were incomplete , because democracy is not enough by itself , '' says macron , elaborating that there is always something missing in the democratic process ; some sort of void . 
  `` in french politics , this absence is the presence of a king , a king whom , fundamentally , i do n't think the french people wanted dead , '' `` the revolution dug a deep emotional abyss , one that was imaginary and shared : the king is no more ! '' according to macron , since the revolution france has tried to fill this void , most notably with napoleon and then charles de gaulle , which was only partially successful . 
  `` the rest of the time , '' said macron , `` french democracy does not manage to fill this void . '' http://kraljevinasrbija.rs/en/quotes-about-monarchy/quotes-monarchy-emmanuel-macron-president-france/, 
  macron has actually said that ending the monarchy was a mistake . 
  so its quite fitting to put macron 's head , the wannabe mobarch , on a stick . 
  cause macron is that shit, 
  lmao in places with high mortality and high poverty rates people want to have more kids . 
  they are the only safety net available . 
  maybe france should take back their colonies and have a progressive radical centristtm two child policy , thereby eliminating too many children and creating civilixation at the same time , thereby solving the problems of africa, 
  i thought he would be a boring plutocrat/technocrat . 
  not this guy with his will to be king , racism and complex thoughts . 
  im lovin it, 
  haha remember when this sub was whining that melenchon didnt endorse macron ? 
  that was great . 
  macron showing his `` complex thoughts '' in public is great, 
  it was tbh embarrassing how people here failed to notice this during the orange fascists disaster, 
  yeah for example after the very reasonable sanctions following the russian take over of crimea putin 's approval rating shot through the roof . 
  it helps you to blame the foreigners . 
  also turkey is way too important a partner for the west and for russia for anyone to put some symbolic sanctions on, 
  not mutually exclusive, 
  this is actually good , very good, 
  most these are probably on the scale of anarchism rather than bolshevism, 
  occupy wall street was chock full of provacateurs, 
  thats an oldukrainian fascist sligan btw, 
  `` protecting the borders of our civilization '' a line which is taken out of 30s ukrainian fascist propaganda . 
  why is it on the poster ? 
   turkey is the next iran . 
  they 'll cut ties with the us eventually , then russia will annex ukraine . 
  i can already see the ending . 
  i love it when americans talk ab\u00f6ut the world, 
  pragmatist and dictator are not antonyms, 
  erdogan has more in common with putin than with khomeini, 
  stalin was muscle for the bolsheviks , robbing banks to raise funds for the party . 
  no one would have guessed what he became, 
  erdogan strikes me as a power hungry oragmatist more than an ideoouge, 
  he was quite seriously instrumental in securing massive foreign funds for yeltsin 's campaign, 
  thanks for the insight , but i would suppose that out of all the soviet republics estonia is perhaps the one which managed the transition the best . 
  small , dynamic and with a history of western institutions , ( danes , germans , swedes ) . 
  i did n't specify the 90s in estonia . 
  in russia for example the mortality rates were at a height not seen in peace time europe since ww2 . 
  that is a massive catastrophy, 
  1996 was a rigged election . 
  endorsed by westerners like soros and bill clinton,
