  now europe and russia should find ways to co-exist without fighting each other . 
  do n't you get how important this is ? 
  we are looking at a potential cold war 2.0 . 
  it is in every europeans to have peace and dialogue to avoid escalation of this conflict . 
  our anthem is better when song in the original language , 
  the thing is in 1945 the nazis were no longer a threat for the soviets , instead they needed to be afraid of the bourgoise west . 
  therefore they fought to gain the maximum of buffertzones towards western europe , making a western european ground invasion difficult . 
  finnmark is located in the artic landscape of northern norway , there is no reason for the russians to be afraid of anyone invading from there . 
  the germans tried several on several occassions during operation barbarossa but the shitty climate , bad infrastructure and wilderness made it impossible . 
  there was no strategic importance in occupying that area . 
  the second world war was won with british brains , american steel and soviet blood, 
  it 's not easy to invade a mountainous archipelago, 
  this is also known as  muh empire syndrome, 
  finland at like 80 % feeling like eu citizen , anyone have an idea why we are so high up ? 
  yeah but rascism, 
  i 'm a liberal democrat , but maybe someone like orban is n't all that bad . 
  at least he is resisting the outside forces and the system that has n't helped hungary that much . 
  + appearently he does n't like liberal demoracy , so i would pretty much call him a fascist . 
  it 's hard to see why the us would be fighting something like that when they are more of a plutocracy than a liberal democracy . 
  the us is either going to have to become more authoritarian or more of a liberal democracy if they wa n't to compete in the future . 
  having monetary interests decided a country 's policy is only good for the rich . 
  cool, 
  what about ** the union **, 
  sorry but we really did n't want to be invaded by soviet . 
     implying they wo n't win it, 
  i think you are underestimating the `` it would be really funny if these disabled people won a song contest that some people take seriously vote '' . 
  they won . 
  they won . 
  fuck all non-believers . 
  lordi had the mother of all shticks though . 
  they just won . 
  holy fuck . 
  this is awesome . 
  first of all http://www.dailysabah.com/politics/2015/09/27/pkk-terrorist-attack-injures-4-civilians-in-turkeys-northeastern-giresun-province there was a terorist attack literally today in turkey . 
  i 'm not making it up . 
  three days ago two people died in a terror attack in south eastern turkey ( were most redugees are ) . 
  http://en.trend.az/world/turkey/2437031.html greece are having some economic problems m8 . 
  they could not possibly take care of everyone who comes there . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  merkel 's statements surely has to do with the increase of refugees * and migrants * . 
  let 's take a quick look at the google definition of refugee ** `` a person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war , persecution , or natural disaster '' ** . 
  ergo the people from syria who have fled the war are by definition refugees . 
  if we used your definition it seems that as soon as someone steps out of a lebanese or turkish refugee camp they transform from refugee to migrant . 
  a migrant is according to google ** `` a person who moves from one place to another in order to find work or better living conditions . ** '' '' . 
  also island 's like lampedusa in the mediteranian have already been filled with thousands of refugees , the problem has existed for very long . 
  syria 's closest neighbours have dealt with this shit for many years , only now are the consequences reaching europe properly . 
  so lets imagine a jew during ww2 . 
  he lives in italy . 
  he starts feeling a little nervous so he flees from prosecution to northern africa . 
  he is right now a refugee . 
  in northern africa he notices that no on likes jews and he ca n't get work . 
  then he starts moving towards israel . 
  is he now a migrant ? 
  i would say he is n't , you might disagree . 
  we can agree that the western european leaders are arrogant . 
  like a year ago italy were rescuing refugees whose `` ships '' had sunk on the way to europe in operation `` mare nostrum '' . 
  then the british lobbied for a different eu lead program . 
  it would not be so well funded which would make it harder to save people drowning in the sea . 
  the idea was that it would deter migrants and refugees from coming over . 
  naturally people kept coming in similar numbers , the only difference was that hundred of more people now were drowning . 
  that shit is shameful . 
  merkel has of course also been appalling in her economic iron fist of austerity . 
  and let me be clear . 
  i do n't call hungary fascist because of your fence . 
  i call your government fascist because viktor orban effectively is a fascist leader , with fascist policies . 
  give me an hour and i 'll explain exactly how in detail in a new comment as to your question `` why are we not letting in all poor people of the world ? 
  like all 2-3 billion of them ? '', 
  it 's not possible . 
  we only have a legal obligation to take care of people who come to our borders . 
  the reason that the eu is accepting so many migrants and refugees is that the demographics need it . 
  we are too old . 
  we make too much money . 
  educated middle class syrians are not that bad for the economy actually . 
  if the eu and global powers really cared about the poorest 2-3 billions we would simply stop using places like africa like a machine for free natural resources . 
  the charity that is given to developing nations is only a fraction of what is taken from them by multinational corporations in resources . 
  i hope this post made some sense to you, 
   you do n't understand my point . 
  you said these are all refugees . 
  i said if they were truly refugees then why did they not stop in the first safe country ? 
  because they want a better life . 
  therefore they are economic migrants . 
  by the way do you know how many people have a worse standard of living than say german or swedish average ? 
  2-3 billion . 
  why are we not taking them all in ? 
  if i took you seriously the eu should take them all because we have a fucking big heart . 
  turkey is not that very safe as there is lots of terrorism and the government is raiding into syria to kill kurds . 
  also the refugees are n't allowed to work . 
  if you really think that these people are migrants why were n't they coming before the syrian civil war in such large numbers ? 
  like 12 million syrians out of a population of 20 million are on the run from their homes . 
  this is a huge amount of people , a tiny amount of which find their way to europe . 
  there is a un convention about asylum that says you have to let people into your country if they are fleeing away from war . 
  from syria and iraq on the way to europe is turkey , which already has millions of refugees and is unstable , and then greece who are to poor to take care of anyone but themselves . 
  so of course they continue . 
  this un convention exists for a reason . 
  during the lead up to ww2 boat loads of jews were going around the world and tried to find places that could harbor them . 
  america and many other places refused them because they were filthy jews . 
  many people had to go back to europe and were exterminated . 
  would you prefer this ? 
   and if our police dares to respond with tear gas , we are fascists according to western eu . 
  no there are lots of other things that make you fascist , like your government .
