  but of course some people were illegally killed here and there . 
  almost unavoidable with the situation i think . 
  not sure how much of it is gorbies fault tho, 
  of course yeah italy and your democracy and people are partly responsible . 
  but how much responsibility can the people have for something that is so massive that it 's mainly related to larger trends ? 
  it 's a difficult question, 
  the problems with the euro are structural . 
  spain , italy and portugal are all in deep shit as well because of how the system works . 
  also , when you loan money to someone you get interest in return for them possibly not being able to pay you back, 
   i think tsipras and his predecessors are parasites to the eu it 's not the banks whose greek bonds the europeans collectively bought out . 
  it 's the greek government 's fault for suggesting that they ca n't pay their debts, 
  soo , it 's sort of like asking a socialist if he supports global revolution or something, 
  it 's not logical to lock the doors still . 
  this is obviously not a purely economic decision, 
  surprising to see such resistance in the nordic countries, 
  of course they are . 
  does it prove anything ? 
  chillax goebbels, 
  i did n't mean to make you upset . 
  i 'm just saying that terrorism does n't come from a vacuum , not that you or anyone else deserves it . 
  anyhow thanks for your view point . 
  you seem reasonable . 
  i 'm sure there are pkk people who are quite reasonable as well . 
  war and conflict is always a shame . 
  i hope the issues in turkey can be resolved without bloodshed . 
  be safe, 
  hmm , makes sense . 
  would n't mind seeing the source if you have it available ? 
  only in name , you are a yankee-doodle colony at this point, 
  ok i 'll add something . 
  i really hope erdogan stops killing kurdish people . 
  i also think that kurdish terrorism is a natural consequence to what the turkish state has done recently and throughout the years, 
  yeah that ranking list really matters to europeans . 
  we most certainly can sacrifice all our ideals so that we will be high on some fucking list . 
  the idea with principles is that you do n't go back on them . 
  that 's what integrity and values are for . 
  not that americans would know anything about that nowadays, 
  in europe we tend to value human right . 
  not that you islanders would know anything about it, 
  ; _ ; brown people, 
  cry me a river, 
  all hail democratic confederalism, 
  rates of recidivism are much lower in nordic countries were the sentences are shorter and prison conditions are n't quite as bad, 
  those motherfuckers changed pajazzo into a digital game , where you tap the sides and some pixels fly around . 
  talk about missing the point, 
   we just have a lower calibur of people , period . 
  there is a culture of ignorance that persists in the us among many people . \u25aa which is it culture or people ? 
  nah , i think a large part of american political culture simply is shit . 
  if you are poor-ish finland is much better, 
  i have all kinds of negative stereotypes about americans so this is exactly what i expected . 
  this is also why sweden used to be so good at tennis . 
  you did n't have to rebuild post ww2 so you built tennis centers instead, 
  why is that surprising ? 
   that would certainly be a change from even just 10 years ago , when america was dragging its heels and europe was leading the charge on climate change and renewable energy the only reason there was now officially signed document from paris was the american congress 's refusal . 
   the reason nobody raised the issue is because nobody dares stand up to germany tin foil otherwise you have good points, 
  i think a harvard study shows that for the last 35 years us public opinion has 0 impact on policy . 
  you 'd imagine that large scale competitors would research this kind of stuff . 
   punishment for punishment 's sake is pointless there needs to be a clear deterrent for other companies to do similar cheating, 
  most world leaders are sort of egomaniacs . 
  assange doesnt seem that bad comoared to many, 
  because when you think you can rule the world as you please people are gon na hate you . 
  you instate dictatorships when the people threaten your oil or banana profits . 
  iran is just one example in a long line . 
  dont pretend that the cia is some nice humanitarian organization . 
  the soviets were pretty conservative about socialism world wide . 
  and cuba for example was propped up only after they made the revolution by themselves, 
  the soviets were pretty conservative about socialism world wide . 
  and cuba for example was propped up only after they made the revolution by themselves, 
  he didnt declare himself dictator exactly . 
  if you wan na be nicer you can say that he was granted emergency powers . 
  the shah was an actual dictator . 
  murdering and torturing people soon after coming to power . 
  anyway americans would put hitler into power if it helped their interests . 
  which in this case was to prevent nationalization of oil, 
  i do n't know much about cambodia , but angola was originally started by the cubans . 
  the cubans only intervened after south africans and such . 
  the soviet union did n't finance a revolution there . 
  they backed a side sympathetic to the soviets after americans gave support to other factions . 
  the soviets really were n't that radical in trying to exert world wide influence as far as i can tell . 
  of course you are right that the soviets were more than regional , but i think that people have a misconception about the cold war being a tight race . 
  besides russia 's classic sphere of influence the americans had most of the world covered of . 
  and yes i 'm aware that i 'm simplifying something incredibly complex, 
  and if the nazis won at stalingrad the citizens of siberia might have the honour of listening to german folk music , 
  oh fuck off , do n't you have a war to fight sergei ? 
  or you can tell me when soviets have heavily influenced africa, 
  maybe yes , however , iran might not be a theocracy if you had n't toppled their democratically elected government in favour for a dictatorship in 1956, 
  i did n't even know about this lol, 
  south america and africa ? 
  not to much actually . 
  as for asia , russia is 80 % in asia so no surprise, 
  also part of the reason finland 's economy is tanking, 
  you would disagree if you were iranian or some shit like that . 
  for all the faults of the soviet union their negative influence was only regional . 
  in contrast the cia has toppled democratic governments worldwide, 
  i think it 's still happening but maybe tests are n't needed in helsinki . 
  we can afford nice sirens or something . 
  also tourists would shit their pants like this guy, 
  guns are machines made for murder . 
  drugs are chemicals made to feel good, 
   a terrorist organization would probably just delivered it to him .
