  companies are pulled there because it 's easier to get money , to get workers , to get noticed . 
  when comparing wages it 's very difficult because the fact is many programmers appear to have a much better value to a company than others . 
  hell just on monday a director from google was flogging his book on breakfast tv about how they try to ensure people do n't object to wage inequality in google . 
  some cultures allow this inequality more than others , this really effects things . 
  some geographic areas place higher demands on a specific skillset than others too . 
  comparing wages is very hard as a result . 
  i fear when it comes to wages we need to look at percentile rankings or similar , ` good ' is to vague and subjective . 
  i mention this because i am aware of many valley start ups that are not paying competent developers who are * getting the job done * more than $ 100k pa. 
  there are some people who are exceptional , having worked in a hedge fund , i 've met a fair few who are earning frankly insane money , some have left huge impressions . 
  but the fact is i think we are confusing the top fraction of a percent , with the normal . 
  my qa team are in an area where they can have a better quality of life on $ 30k , than you can in the valley for $ 100k . 
  this stuff matters when people want to have kids . 
  a very good friend of mine is moving to the us soon from london . 
  this is n't because of wage , but because of the company that has the capital to back the venture he is involved in wants them close . 
  he is one of those 7 figure earners . 
  on the plus side , at least he might now be able to work on his pilots license , we 've been planning a flying tour holiday of the states for years now , but he has n't been able to get his ticket . 
  have you ever read or watched some of steve blanks stuff about the history of the valley ? 
  as a uk person it makes obvious the difference between our attitudes towards high risk startup ventures . 
  but my point is , it 's not wages . 
  most startups do not need super 0.001 % smart people , many of those are also not driven by money at all ( at least in my experiance ) . 
  look at many successful firms , uber , facebook , airbnb , dropbox . 
  these firms are not needing to solve cutting edge computer science problems in their early days . 
  mediocre plus devs will do . 
  heck a lot of facebooks current need for high end devs , is to allow them to continue with the frankly shit infrastructure they have of tech debt . 
  just a generic example , but a software developer ( we do n't call them engies ) in london can expect anywhere from # 30k to # 150k , depending on ability . 
  they might have extra healthcare or dental benefits , but they do n't really need them . 
  death in service costs us so little per employee , in fact we get a lot more than most employees dependants would from the policies . 
  to give you an idea todays gbp to usd is about 1.55 , so you will earn more in london than you will in the valley . 
  the interesting thing is we do n't make it half as easy to get access to vc as it is over there , based on what i know from my friends who are out there . 
  even with seis and eis very good government schemes for encouraging start ups , they make raising # 150k so fucking easy ( if you ca n't raise # 150k with seis ... there is something very wrong ) , we lack the higher end vcs , the kind who will drop say 10 million and consider it a punt . 
  steve blank has some excellent points on the culture of the valley , which does n't appear to have made it over here in london . 
  ** tldr : ** it 's not lack of wages , see london . 
   i agree , try being where i am putting together a fintec startup . 
  if it 's b2b it 's good , compared to the regulations we require in say the us , the eurozone is great . 
  this is why we are not in the us yet , despite the potential market size . 
  all our contracts are in english , we are an english incorporated company , everyone is happy . 
  i can only imagine the cost of expanding into each country if b2c . 
  erm that 's not really true in london if you weight it per head of population . 
  there is a fairly impartial look at this here : http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-romanian-crimewave/18207, 
  sad that one the best replies is drowned out amongst debates that hitler was worse than stalin , or that the usa took heavy losses vs their own flawed landing techniques . 
  france had always had a communist underground movement , hell they were still sabotaging supplies to indochina a decade later . 
  but the effect of these bans will take years to show up in such statistics . 
  currently the ` winners ' are due more to culturally entrenched values and education around food . 
  hence parts of the uk doing so badly . 
  drop all ordnance ? 
  i 'm not familiar enough with the situation to provide any such thing . 
  i 'm just talking about my own experience of workplace violence . 
  in that case i do n't think it would have been right to fire the man . 
  i 'm amazed at how many people call for such things immediately . 
  i do stupid things after drinking heavily in a high stress situation . 
  i often have arguments sometimes complete hatred for people i work with , that is normally based on trivial stuff related to my disappointment that they ca n't * think exactly the same thing i was * or similar . 
  i 've never been violent that way myself . 
  but i sure hope that most of you guys are n't around if ever i do let myself down so . 
   no other workplace would physically attacking a co-worker without incredibly strong justification ( self-defence or perhaps your spouse just died and you lashed out because of a tasteless joke ) be even possible to justify someone on the brink of a nervous breakdown punched me on a night out , because he saw me as someone who was taking his job . 
  he was n't wrong . 
  he was very drunk , and i 'd effectively antagonised him by arriving late , talking straight to his boss , and being dismissive to him . 
  unbeknownst to me , his marriage was falling apart , his wife was having an affair . 
  he was drowning in a sea , he could n't take any actions to stay afloat , he lashed out over something trivial . 
  i did n't press charges , the very large firms hr put him on anger management course but also indicated the therapy options available as part of the benefits package . 
  a suitably public apology was made . 
  people are human , they will make mistakes , they will handle things badly . 
  i 'm amazed at how in the uk , people who are against custodial punishment , make good reasons for rehabilitation and the like , are so quick to say it should be gross misconduct . 
  i hope if ever i snap and flip out , i hit someone who thinks the same way i do , and acts in the manner i did . 
   it did n't start with clarkson . 
  the reboot did . 
  i think having a proper digital signature system would massively help things , and cut down on fraud . 
  it 's absurd the documents i 've got to prove id , and which ones are used for what . 
  birth cert , drivers license , passport , ni number , utr number . 
  having one that was universal would be great . 
  having the ability to generate a cryptographically signed response , based on the public cert of that id would be super awesome . 
  [ shut up any smug estonians reading this . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2014/12/estonia-wants-to-give-us-all-digital-id-cards-make-us-e-residents/ ), 
  because in the uk , if you are stopped by the police , they ca n't just demand you show an id card . 
  hell even when driving you can be given time to produce the proper papers . 
  this makes it quite easy to give a fake name and address , even your real one , it 's up to the police to prove you 've no right to be there . 
  in many other countries , you are required to have state id which demonstrates your right to be there , the police do n't have to prove anything , the ernest is on the person . 
  ah , those were retail banking scams . 
  commercial banking had different scams , which whilst bad , did n't effect individuals in the same way . 
   my own family has been affected by the first three scandals out of interest , how so ? 
  the libor scandal was a case of price fixing , unless you are using libor in a manner that it 's so sensitive to the small changes , i ca n't imagine what it was . 
  apologises if it 's personal . 
  heh i know that feeling , my body clock is out of line at the moment !, 
  it 's interesting mind , someone else took me to be anti-violence too , just not as eloquently as you did . 
  i just think violence should have consideration , and strategy to it . 
   why are you so anti-violence ? 
  what are you , a shit bitch ? 
  if you read my whole post , which at a staggering 300 ~ words i 'm sure would n't take you long , you will see i do consider violence useful . 
  i 'm anti pointless violence . 
  i am anti any violence that does n't serve me a purpose . 
  i was raised to never hit someone , unless i had justification to kill them , and to hit them with the intent of killing them . 
  it 's advice that has served me well in many different situations . 
  i consider it to my credit , that despite my height advantage ( 196cm ) , only one friend has ever seen me be violent , no matter how drunk i 've been , what substances i 've ingested . 
  that one time there was nasty outcome for someone , but i know that moral consensus was i was right to do what i did , at the time , and in hindsight . 
  of course , as a primal male at heart , i did enjoy hurting someone who had hurt me . 
  so yes , i enjoy violence , watching someone sequel , bleed and suffer a torn ligament ( i was trying to dislocate his shoulder , thankfully i failed ) it gave me a rush of adrenaline . 
  i like adrenaline , that 's why i have some of the hobbies i do . 
  as i said , i do n't consider burning cars or shops to be a good tactic . 
  by urban gorilla warfare i mean * nasty stuff * , as i mentioned above , if i got involved in that , i do n't think there would be any probable outcome but my death , you do n't win something like that , generally speaking , in a single generation , shifting a mindset via such violence takes a huge amount of time , see the troubles in ni . 
  i worry you 've dragged me off onto a tangent . 
  let 's recap .
