  i do n't think those people are intrinsically evil . 
  you can try and assure yourself that * you * would never be in the majority , the two thirds of people who would follow authority , but we know most people are not so virtuous . 
  yes i remember from school , this one is particularly fascinating when the participants feel they are being judged or not . 
  the idea of getting long term consequences for their actions , can be provided by a society that judges and treats people based on past behaviour too . 
  i think i 'm going to have to read some of the neuroscience experiments linked in that wikipage !, 
   and quite stupid i 'm reminded of an economics lecturer , when talking about game theory , telling the class how * of course , on mass humans do not behave rationally nor in their best interest * . 
  kind of amusing considering varoufakis being such a well regarded game theorist . 
  not really , he made the mistake of thinking this was a debate . 
  it was n't . 
  the time for debate was the better part of a decade ago . 
   i 've long supported the idea of expert juries . 
  it 's not without hazard either , i dislike the notion of a jury that is n't representative of the population , as it allows those who are choosing the jury to stack the deck against people . 
  but yes , i see no other solution . 
   many cases where bankers just got a slap on the wrist i 've not seen this , and it 's an industry i work in , in fact the penalties are mentioned frequently , 10 years in prison , unlimited fines etc. 
  one problem i have with our system is that of the ` plea bargain ' mentality , a slap on the wrists is cheaper for the prosecution as they do n't need the resources to make a full case . 
  one of the issues is with these ` banking scandals ' is the sheer man power needed to begin to analyse it . 
  the fact is most in the industry cheer more than others at the fact these people are having the life ruined , schadenfreude as that is . 
   i believe that governments have experts who have already undergone that training and could bring charges or a civil lawsuit for compensation , i fear you are coming as a layman in that . 
  i 've a strong background in maths , computing and finance , and it takes me months to begin to understand a new organisations perspective on something , it would take even longer for me to be able to suspect fowl play , longer to prove it . 
  it 's not simple . 
  romania 's example is a kind of simple fraud , no one thought they would be investigated , the money flows are obvious . 
  sadly something like greek accounting is not so clear cut . 
   regular people like us committed financial fraud ? 
  depends on the complexity of the fraud case . 
  i appreciate that saying `` oh the bankers never have any consequences '' is a simple pleasing way of viewing things , but it 's not true . 
  in the england we 've mulled the notion of allowing trial by ` expert ' jury , rather than one your peers . 
  [ this news story in 2005 mentions it . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4113296.stm ) the problem is many people do not have a good enough use of maths to begin to understand these things . 
  numeracy rates are not enough for people to understand how manipulation of say libor rates works . 
  criminal cases require a very high level of proof ( thankfully ) so as a result they take a long time . 
  only now is the [ first of the libor fixers on trial ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-32879690 ) it 's hard because it takes a long time for the regulators to investigate such complex situations . 
  now on the other hand simple obvious fraud is generally prosecuted in a more timely manner , but even this still takes years . 
  however let 's not pretend that the majority of lay people can understand the accounting irregularities in the greek entrance to the euro . 
  i ca n't begin to , and i 've worked in investment finance for a decade , have educational attainment that puts me in the top decile of the population , this is the issue , it would probably take many months to educate me enough to begin to understand such esoteric accountancy rules , let alone me be on a jury for such a thing . 
   his legacy as a finance minister is no deal reached , a paralysed banking system on the brink of total collapse yet people who have strong ideology over reality , that forceful cognitive dissonance , will still consider him a success . 
   therefore in it completely justified to shoot a person intruding in your home . 
  this is the bit i struggle with . 
  let 's say that someone is desperate enough that they will break into your home . 
  if you run away , do n't confront , all they need to do is steal your stuff . 
  if you stand your ground , they will have to be willing to harm you . 
  given the crime rates in the us , clearly people are willing to harm . 
  i sleep most of the time i 'm in my home , i am not in a good position to defend myself , i do n't want to bring this fight , i do n't want some escalation , this war of attrition that many people in the us appear to have a gun fettish about . 
  you might think this makes me weak , but if i was so scared i 'd rather invest in automatic multi-point locks on strengthened internal doors , than the idea of tired me , just woken up , having to fire a gun . 
  i 'm a fairly good pistol shot too , but i ca n't imagine a scenario that favours me just been woken up , un aware of the situation , doing well . 
  more likely drunk me would shoot the neighbours cat . 
  a friend of mine had someone desperately trying to break into her flat a few weeks ago . 
  it turns out someone is letting the flat on the floor below on airbnb , the tourist was confused . 
  just because someone is in your place of work , or home , does n't mean they need harm . 
  a few years ago , someone was having a breakdown in the park opposite my flat . 
  he had a knife , was threatening to kill himself . 
  the fairly major road was closed , paramedics on stand by and the police trying to talk him down . 
  the guy of course survived . 
  it 's almost as if having widespread access to firearms does n't make people safer . 
  also check out the panthera , what a nice plane . 
  pipistrel have some great engineering , it 's saddening to hear about these shenanigans holding them back . 
   many people with handicaps of some or other sort who seem to have good jobs , so i think you should believe that it is possible . 
  doing some consultancy work a few years back . 
  saved them millions of pounds of computing power and software licenses , no one really cared . 
  chat with a very senior trader who was colour blind * oh i 'll have our junior knock something up that uses a texture rather than the red/blue for you * , i was given a bonus ... as an consultant . 
  i also worked with someone that was blind almost completely except for a vertical slit in one eye . 
  made it quite odd if you wanted to show him something . 
   are you an economic ? 
  sort of , we were the cowboy type , i studied a specialist kind of feedback maths , that falls under the catch all known as systems identification , this was quite hard to i took a bunch of computer science which was my natural ability to ensure i graduated university with a top grade . 
  then i had an on the job and series of vocational qualifications in financial modelling , i 've still not got round to doing my msc , but it 's on the list . 
  my job was to design models that represented the correlation between certain parts of the derivatives market , indices and the component underlying equities . 
  so yeah , i 'm the hobbyist kind . 
   yes . 
  tourism , and production in general . 
  ok , this is why i do n't share your optimism . 
  i do n't think that a devaluation of 50 % will see a massive upswing in tourism . 
  i 'd say the demand curve was being limited by the supply side before this happened , so little will change . 
  you ca n't massively expand the tourism whilst keeping high margin types , you do n't want to get caught into a race to be the next * costa del sol * , it 's not very profitable for the average worker . 
   pretty sure if their debts are cleared they 're pretty economically stable . 
  again , i do n't share your optimism , history seldom has examples of the economy being stable after such things , inflation and hyperinflation instead are the common trend . 
   why would you assume they wo n't be ? 
  because i do n't have any compulsion to believe that there is a good , happy , moral solution . 
  you do n't treat cancer patients as if the situation must be just , do n't treat an economic one that way either . 
  if you default completely , your future borrowing costs will be high , very , very high . 
  so that means you 've got to self fund , which is hard , because your economy is going down , which means that you 've got to cut spending , which will in turn contract the economy ... 
  i 'll check out those links later . 
   2 ) drachma will immediately devalue around 30 % to 50 % ( an estimate according to some economics ) why ? 
  i love people predicting the future ( really i do , in a past life i worked on models doing that ) , but i would n't like to take that as all that will happen . 
  one moderate drop and then stability ? 
  not likely , generally markets do n't behave like that . 
   greece will be very cheap to go to for what ? 
  tourism ? 
  they will be at the bottom of the barrel as it 's a case of flights often being the major cost for many . 
   because they are cheap they are very competetive to other countries not unless they have stability for anything that requires investment . 
   more people will go to greece because it 's so cheap again , this is assuming it 's stable . 
   when your whole country is fucked over by austerity measures and no one has money anymore it 's not just the austerity measures , it 's the expectation . 
  people are not confident about the future , people will not invest , people will notice this happening and become less confident about the future . 
  if austerity had been implemented swiftly and brutally enough that everyone thought the only way is now up , then things would be different . 
  sadly , what is now going to happen is if greece is n't bailed out ( again ) that the country will collapse on it 's own somewhat . 
  it 's own currency , deflation , it 's own failure to pay pensions , it 's own collapse of the state services . 
  it will be grim fall , horrific , but afterwards the only way will be up , so the trend might be more positive . 
  but i do n't think this will be smooth , i think more likely that foreign money will pour in to balance the trade requirements buying up ` holiday homes ' and the like , which could easily lead the government to do something silly like seizing them , and just like that , the upward trend will disappear . 
   basic food even which they import a lot of , i worry about what may happen in their near future . 
  i wonder how many people can actually name them ? 
  i 'm university educated , fairly well travelled ( stopped counting after passing my 40th country ) , lived in a fair few too , but when i was at school , we had an often red blob simply labelled ussr . 
  then the wall fell , and a couple of years later schools got new textbooks with new maps .
